<doc id="7012613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012613" title="Rafael Coronel">
Rafael Coronel

Rafael Coronel (24 October 1931 – 7 May 2019) was a Mexican painter. He was the son-in-law of Diego Rivera.
His representational paintings have a melancholic sobriety, and include faces from the past great masters, often floating in a diffuse haze.
In what was the convent of San Francisco de Almoloyan y de Asís (a building from the 16th century), located in Zacatecas, there is a museum named after him; in this museum, his vast mask collection is shown.
Biography.
First years.
The younger brother of Pedro Coronel, Rafael felt artistic inclinations since his earliest years. He studied in Escuela Nacional de Pintura, Escultura y Grabado "La Esmeralda", and he quickly developed a unique artistic vocabulary. His paintings are about popular themes.
The vocation of being a painter was something Rafael inherited. His grandfather used to decorate churches. When his father told him that Pedro, his brother, was studying to become a painter in Mexico City, he thought it was a great waste of time. Even the greatest painters in Mexico had to rely on other jobs.
Youth.
Although he always liked to draw, Coronel thought that "Art gives no money to eat, and painting is a complement for other jobs". He didn't know that there were some professional painters.
When Coronel went to Mexico City he wanted to be a soccer player, a player for the América, but he promised he would study to become an accountant. When he arrived in the capital, he started to like architecture. In 1952 he won a painting contest. The piece that gave him the victory was the "Mujer De Jerez", a piece of art done with crayons, since he had no money to buy better things. He won a scholarship of 300 pesos a month. After winning the contest he stated: "I betrayed my father, but I've done good for the country".
For the scholarship to be effective, he had to study in some painting school, so he decided to enter "La Esmeralda", two months later he was expelled for disobeying the teachers. The intentions of Coronel during that time were to show the Latin American people without garnishing them like Diego Rivera, David Alfaro Siqueiros, or José Clemente Orozco.
Coronel became a lonely man in 1969 when his wife, Ruth, the daughter of Diego Rivera and Lupe Marín, and mother of his only son, Juan Coronel, died. He had some girlfriends, and traveled around the world with them. Traveling helped him to "clear his vision about Mexico and makes my painting instincts, and puts me in front of the canvas with my brush, painting and painting".
Later years.
Rafael worked 20 years in his uncle's workshop. He said that he has made his best work there. He lived in the city of Cuernavaca since the year 1981.
In that studio, he said he made the largest plastic production he has achieved.
On the occasion of his 80th birthday in September 2011 Fine Arts opened in "retro-futuristic", an exhibition of 109 works that Coronel created 18 that year. These works break with earlier work by Coronel, because "in the same figuration, there are some decrepit characters. He puts the focus on the end of life, of women and men in old age. This is different, because we are used to seeing old age redeemed; in these tables, old age is presented as decline, an aspect never explored", said Juan Coronel Rivera, the son of the artist.
All stages in the creative life are represented in Coronel's retrofuturism, not just the time when performing works closely related to Spanish painting, as most of the audience remembers. In the collection there are also sculptures, drawings and works that have never been exhibited. Retrofuturism also has been presented at the Museo Rafael Coronel in Zacatecas and Monterrey MARCO.
Coronel died in Zacatecas, Zac., on 7 May 2019.
Rafael Coronel Museum.
The convent of San Francisco was the first to be founded in the province of Zacatecas in the year 1567, built as a temple. On December 7, 1648, the Temple was burned, and on March 5, 1949, reconstruction commenced.
Its rooms present a collection of more than 16,000 pieces, including masks, drawings, pots, terracotta, Prehispanic objects, puppets, votive offerings, pictures, crafts, musical instruments and colonial furniture. His collection of masks is considered the largest in the world. It also has a collection of works by Diego Rivera, among which is the study of child self-portrait of Diego's mural "Dream of a Sunday Afternoon in Alameda Park". This work is on permanent display at the Museo Mural Diego Rivera in Mexico City.
The museum shows an exhibition that includes topics such as masks, the devil, Lent, Easter, Easter, the old dance, deer dance, animals, etc.. These masks are works of the artist. However most of the exhibits displayed in the museum are the artist's collections, such as the pot room, where many pre-Hispanic figures are shown in a wide exposure. The shoot-Rosette room displays a collection of puppets from the 19th and 20h centuries.
Curriculum.
1967 (January 9) – He shows in The Gallery of Modern Art, Phoenix, Arizona, USA .He exhibits “Mi abuela”. He also collaborates in the “kalikosmia” exhibition, where he presented abstract sculptures made in plastic. This was shown in the Museum of Modern Art of Mexico.
1968 (February 12-March 2) – He exhibits in the Gallery of Mexican Art “Rafael Coronel 20 óleos y 100 dibujos del viaje número 13". The exhibition was sponsored by the committee that organized the Olympic games in Mexico. He exhibited the familiar portrait and the brothers and inside the drawings Naked of a girl and Man Back in June on “Rafael Coronel Oleos”. Exhibition in the Gallery of Mexican Art September 9–30. He exhibits "Oleos de Rafael Coronel" in the Gallery of Mexican Art. October. He participated on October 4 in La Bendicion. The Mexican-Israeli cultural institute gave him a degree of constancy about the 10 trees that were planted in his name.
1969 (September 8) – He received from the governor of Zacatecas, Ruiz González, él "Racimo de Oro" gave by the Vitivinícola of Vergel, S.A Company because of his merit as a Zacatecan artist on October 27.
1970 (November 13- December 8) – He exhibits in The Museum of the University of Puerto Rico, “Botero, Coronel, Rodon”.
1972 (April 24-May 19) – He exhibited in the Gallery of Mexican Art "Rafael Coronel 45 nuevas pinturas". September 10–26 he exhibited in the ex temple of San Agustin in Zacatecas in the collective exhibition “5 Zacatecas painters” (Pedro Coronel, Manuel Felguerez, Rafael Coronel, Francisco de Santiago, José de Santiago).
1973 (May 9- July 15) – He exhibited La rata en el queso 2, Madrugada en la Merced 1, Santa Martha Acatitla: Lourdes; la rata verde, la rata en la mostaza y Tacubaya: la muerte de la libélula.
1974 (February 15) – Participated in an exposition at The B. Lewin Galleries, Beverly Hills, California, USA known as "Rafael Coronel major exhibition".
(March 15) – He received the invitation to participate in the I Bienal Internacional de Pintura Figurativa "The new image of the paint” in Japan (Tokyo and Osaka). Televisa hire him to paint 100 paintings. He delivered 117 but these were destroyed as a consequence of the earthquake in 1985.
1975 (May) – He donated to the Museum of Modern Art of Mexico City Tacubaya: la muerte de Libélula. He exhibited in The B. Lewin Galleries, Beverly Hills, California, USA. He was invited in the "An Evening the Stars", where he received a diploma.
1976 – Ines Amor, Director of the Gallery of Mexican Art, was sick so it was difficult to go to the gallery and it caused the separation between Rafael and the Gallery. He became exclusive painter in Mexico of the Gallery Misrachi, S.A.
1977 (February 19, June–July) – “collective exhibition” Recent Latín American Drawings (1969–1976) Lines of vision", sponsored by the International Exhibition Foundation, New York. He participated on the Five Figures Piece.
1979 (May 23) Was the tribute to Pedro Coronel and Rafael Coronel in Zacatecas, Zacatecas; organized by the government and the University Festejos de la IX Feria Nacional. Francisco Garcia Salinas declared Mr. Rafael Coronel Arroyo as a distinguished student.
1987 (April 20) – He participates in the collective exhibition “Mexico Contemporany Art” in the ITESM campus Mexico City.
1988 (October 22-December 4) – Individual exhibit "II mondo mágico di coronel" en Chiesa di San stae, organized by the Assessorato alla cultura Del comune di Venecia. Collective Exhibition “"primer Festival Deportivo y Cultural Rodrigo Gómez" in the Bank of Mexico
1990 (January–July) – He traslades to Zacatecas with Jose Antonio Cruz to collaborate with Alfonso Soto Soria and his team in the Montaje del Museo Rafael Coronel. July 5. Carlos Salinas de Gortari and the governor Genaro Borrego Estrada, inaugurated in the San Francisco Convent the “Museo Rafael Coronel”. It has 5000 400 pieces prehispanic Mexican masks, 1500 colonial pottery, 200 puppets Rosete Aranda Company and 100 drawings by Diego Rivera. On August he came back to Cuernavaca.
1991 (May 9) – Retrospective exhibition at the Mezzanine of the Tower of Petróleos Mexicanos in connection with the book launch Rafael Coronel, edited by PEMEX. Retrospective Exhibition "Painter Rafael Coronel" in the Gallery of the Cultural Complex Tonalli Yoliztli Soot.
1992 – Retrospective and part of his collection entitled "Treasures Mestizos Rafael Coronel." Presented at the Tecnologico de Monterrey, Campus Estado de Mexico.
1993 – The retrospective exhibition at B. Lewin Galleries, Palm Springs, California, In The Palm Springs Desert Museum presents "The Edith and B. Lewin Collection". Where Colonel participates with a score of works, including Time and Seller of antiques.
1994 (February 14-April 29) – Was a Retrospective exhibition "17 works of Rafael Coronel" in the International Airport "Benito Juarez" in Mexico City. June 7. He was Member of the Academy of Arts. Retrospective exhibition presented at the Presidency of the Republic.
1996 (December 13) – He was awarded the "Award Zacatecas 240" by the State Government. The National Council for Culture and the Arts, through the National Coordination of Decentralization, organized the retrospective entitled "Works on Paper Rafael Coronel", composed of 67 pieces, including Dog, Death and Self in New York, i which itineraries all states of the Republic for three years, among other places: August. Was a retrospective exhibition "Rafael Coronel." The Zacatecanos years.
1997 (April) – Group exhibition "Collection Bernard and Edith Lewin Art Museum of Los Angeles County." Palacio de Bellas Artes, Mexico City. Coronel introduced Mi abuela, among other works.
His work.
He had exposed in different places:
Awards.
The most notable awards given are:
First years.
1937 – First drawings.
1944 – First self-portrait.
1951 – Entered into the National Youth Competition in the Mexican branch of visual arts.
1952 (19–21 July) – Received an Award of Plastic Arts Competition held by the Instituto Nacional de la juventud Mexicana (National Institute of Mexican Youth), directed by Mariano Ramírez Vázquez. The award was a diploma and a scholarship during a year of three hundred pesos each month.
Twenty awards were given, one of the incentives granted to Robert Doniz.
The paintpresented by Colonel Rafael was ““Mujer de Jerez””, undated; wax on cardboard, 55 X 54 inches.
It was exposed in the gallery José Clemente Orozco (Peralvillo Avenue 55), a dependence from the INBA, the jury was composed by Carlos Orozco Romero, Ricardo Martinez and Jorge Juan Crespo de la Serna. As a requirement for him to be awarded the scholarship, he had to enroll into the School of painting and sculpture Esmeralda, where Carlos Orozco Romero was his teacher.
1953 – Participated in two exhibitions, one in the Gallery in the Cervantes library, at the Esmeralda Gallery and another in the Excelsior Gallery. Due to disagreements, a year later he left the drawing classes, but he continued attending to the Esmeralda Gallery. Here he met his friend Francis Corzas.
1954 – On a recommendation from the Guatemalan painter Carlos Mérida, Rafael Coronel met Ines Amor and entered into the Mexican Art Gallery, Leaved La Esmeralda. This was the last year he lived with his sister Hope Santa Julia.
1955 (April) – Elvira, the director of the gallery opened Gandara New Generations, INBA decency. Rafael Coronel participated in the inaugural exhibition with a paint titled Clown and outdoors.
1956 (May) – First solo exhibition at the Galería de Arte Mexicano.
1957 – By this time, Inés Amor takes him as her unique artist. He painted ““La perra negra”” and ““Cabeza de muchacho””.
Mounted, 29 October 1958 his second solo exhibition in the hall of Mexican Plastic, headed by Gabriela Orozco. Mixed media on cardboard displays 80. The painting ““La rata en el queso””was acquired by Luis Corzo and Aragon.
In June–July 1959, He participated in the exhibition Arte de Hoy, at the Galeria de Arte Mexicano. Also participated at the Second Biennial of Art in Mexico with the ““Rata en el basurero””.
June 1959 – He presented his first solo exhibition in the Palacio de Bellas Artes; called "portraits". The exhibition was mounted in the Sala verde(today Diego Rivera's room), at that the Museum of Modern Art. He started dating with Ruth Rivera Marin.
Exhibited at The Forsythe Gallery, Ann Arbor, Michigan, United States.
1960 (28 June–26 Jul) – He participated in the exhibition "Artists of the new wave" in the Gallery CDI. With the work ““Sabado Nocturno””. During September he was a member of the collective exhibition "Retrospective Exhibition" of Mexican Painting "at the Museum of the Ciudad Universitaria. This exhibition was presented because of the Third General Conference by International Association of Universities. He exhibited ““Carnaval”” and ““Azul de la mancha””.
(13–22 October) – Individual exhibition at the Gallery of Mexican Art called "Doscientos estudios para una pequeña zoología””.
(24 November) – He participated in the exhibition-sale of the Sal+on de la Plastica Mexicana, with the work ““Cabeza de Caballo””.
See also.
http://www.babab.com/no02/rafael_coronel.htm

</doc>
<doc id="7012619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012619" title="Rice blight disease">
Rice blight disease



</doc>
<doc id="7012622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012622" title="Ronald Moore (Alberta politician)">
Ronald Moore (Alberta politician)

Ronald Armor Moore (July 28, 1925 – January 9, 2010) was a provincial level politician and columnist in Alberta, Canada. He served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1982 to 1993.
Early life.
Moore was involved with fund raising efforts to help purchase Lacombes old Catholic Church for the Lacombe Legion to use as their hall in 1950.
Political career.
Moore was elected to his first term in the Alberta Legislature in the 1982 Alberta general election. He won the electoral district of Lacombe defeating three other candidates with a landslide to hold the district for the Progressive Conservatives. On August 1, 1984 Moore opened the Legion Sunset Campground with Minister of Recreation and Parks Peter Trynchy.
Moore won re-election in the 1986 Alberta general election. He defeated New Democrat candidate Ken Ling to win the two race in a landslide. He was re-elected to his third term in office in the 1993 Alberta general election winning a reduced but comfortable plurality.
In his final term in office Moore played a critical impact in the 1992 Alberta Progressive Conservative Leadership election. He is most famously known for delivering critical rural support of 35 Members of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta to help Ralph Klein win the Progressive Conservative leadership against Nancy Betkowski. Moore forced Ralph Klein and Rod Love to promote a fiscally conservative platform to renew the party in the face of deficit budgets and free spending scandals brought on by the leadership of former premier Don Getty. He retired from public office at dissolution of the Legislative Assembly in 1993.
Late life.
Moore pushed Lacombe Town Council to establish a Veterans Millennium Project. On September 27, 1999 council passed a motion allowing the planting of Colorado blue spruce tree's and a bronze plaque along a major street to honor war dead. The motion passed along with a fundraiser organized by Moore raised $20,000.00 towards funding the project.

</doc>
<doc id="7012627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012627" title="Yuuno Scrya">
Yuuno Scrya



</doc>
<doc id="7012628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012628" title="Yuno Scrya">
Yuno Scrya



</doc>
<doc id="7012635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012635" title="Yuuno Scraia">
Yuuno Scraia



</doc>
<doc id="7012636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012636" title="The eye of god">
The eye of god



</doc>
<doc id="7012637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012637" title="Laem Ngop district">
Laem Ngop district

Laem Ngop (, ) is a district ("amphoe") of Trat province, eastern Thailand.
History.
The district was established in 1897 when it was named Ko Chang District. The district office was in Ban Dan Kao on Ko Chang. The district controlled all islands in Trat Province. As the district office was on an island, it was not convenient for most people on the mainland, thus the government moved the office to Ban Laem Ngop, but kept the district name unchanged. In 1939 the district's name was changed in accordance with the location of the district office.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Khlung of Chanthaburi province, Khao Saming, and Mueang Trat of Trat Province and the Gulf of Thailand.
Administration.
The district is divided into four sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 25 villages ("mubans"). There are two townships ("thesaban tambon"): Laem Ngop covers parts of the "tambon" Laem Ngop, and Nam Chiao the complete "tambon" Nam Chiao. There are a further three tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="7012638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012638" title="Yuno Scraia">
Yuno Scraia



</doc>
<doc id="7012639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012639" title="Room full of mirrors">
Room full of mirrors



</doc>
<doc id="7012641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012641" title="Pawan Kumar Bansal">
Pawan Kumar Bansal

Pawan Kumar Bansal (born 16 July 1948) is an Indian National Congress politician, who was appointed as the interim treasurer in November 2020 and a former minister in the Manmohan Singh government. He represented Chandigarh constituency in the 15th Lok Sabha (2009-2014) of India. He served as Minister of Railways from 28 October 2012 to 10 May 2013.
Early life.
Bansal was born on 16 July 1948 in Sunam. His family hailed from Tapa, Punjab. He went to school at the Yadavindra Public School, Patiala, and did BSc from the Post Graduate Government College, Sector 11, Chandigarh. He also holds an LLB degree from the Department of Law, Panjab University, Chandigarh.
Career.
Bansal has represented Chandigarh as a member of Parliament in the 10th, 13th, 14th and 15th Lok Sabha. He has worked as the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs and the Minister of Water Resources in the Second Manmohan Singh ministry. He also held the charge of the Minister of State for Finance and Parliamentary Affairs in the First Manmohan Singh Cabinet.
Railway Minister.
He took over as the Railway Minister, becoming the first from his party since 1996. Soon after becoming Railways minister, he approved an increase in fares, which had been unchanged for the last 15 years, to allow the Indian Railways to be profitable. He contested the 2014 Lok Sabha Elections from Chandigarh. He contested his former constituency again in the next election but was once again defeated.
Railway Budget 2013.
The 2013 Railway Budget focused on improving the condition of Indian Railways. Pawan Bansal came up with first ever rail link to connect Arunachal Pradesh. Internet ticketing from 0030 hours to 2330 hours as well as E-ticketing through mobile phones was made available. Four companies of women RPF personnel set up and another 8 to be set up to strengthen the security of rail passengers, especially women passengers. Indian Railways has identified 104 stations for upgradation in cities with more than one million population and of religious significance. This means, these stations the Railways will give attention to all aspects related to cleanliness, according to the Budget highlights the government released. 179 escalators and 400 lifts at A-1 and other major stations to be installed facilitating elderly and differently-able.
Personal life.
He is married to Madhu Bansal. They have two sons.
Incident of corruption charges.
On 3 May 2013, the CBI arrested his nephew, Vijay Singla, after they caught an aide counting two bags of cash. After the scam came to light in May, the CBI interrogated Pawan Kumar Bansal, for ten hours, but failed to find substantial evidence to nail him. In his statement, Bansal denied having any knowledge of his nephew's activities.
CBI does not have any tapped conversation which shows that former Railway Minister Pawan Kumar Bansal was involved in or had any knowledge of the Rs 10 crore cash for post bribery scandal, which prompted the agency not to make him an accused in the case, sources said here today.
The CBI said that Mr Bansal will serve as prosecution witness. The judge has responded. "If the CBI has chosen to make Mr Bansal a witness, then at this juncture, there being no evidence against him, the court cannot pass any order or question him, except during the trial."

</doc>
<doc id="7012642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012642" title="Dave Kerr">
Dave Kerr

David Alexander Kerr (January 11, 1910 – May 11, 1978) was a Canadian NHL goaltender who played for the Montreal Maroons, New York Americans and New York Rangers.
Playing career.
He played amateur hockey before joining the NHL, winning the Allan Cup in 1930 with the Montreal AAA senior men's team.
Kerr was most notable for his time with the New York Rangers. His four shutouts in a single playoff season in 1937 is a Rangers record (since tied by Mike Richter). In 1937-38, Kerr was selected to the NHL second All-Star team. Kerr won a Stanley Cup with the New York Rangers in 1939-40. That year, he won the Vezina Trophy for a Rangers team that led the league in goals allowed, and had a 19-game unbeaten streak (14-0-5). He was also selected to the NHL first All-Star team that year. As a Ranger, he only missed one game between 1934 and 1941, and started every game for five straight seasons (1936-1941).
Kerr also was the NHL season leader in most games played by a goaltender (1936–37, 1937–38, 1938–39, 1939–40, and 1940–41), most shutouts (1937–38 and 1939–40), most playoff games played by a goaltender, most playoff minutes played by a goaltender, most playoff wins, most playoff shutouts, and lowest playoff goals-against average (all 1937 and 1940).
Kerr was the second hockey player on the cover of "Time" magazine, doing so on the March 14, 1938 edition.

</doc>
<doc id="7012652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012652" title="Timothy's syndrome">
Timothy's syndrome



</doc>
<doc id="7012658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012658" title="The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz (novel)">
The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz (novel)

The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz is a novel by the Canadian author Mordecai Richler. It was published in 1959 by André Deutsch, and adapted to the screen in 1974.
Setting.
The satirical novel is set mostly in poor districts of Montreal, such as St. Urbain Street, with mention of wealthier districts, such as Westmount and Outremont. Parts of the story take place in the Laurentian Mountains in the resort town of Sainte-Agathe-des-Monts and surrounding areas.
Plot.
The novel focuses on the young life of Duddy Kravitz, a poor Jewish boy raised in Montreal, Quebec. As a child, he is told by his grandfather that "a man without land is nobody," and he believes land ownership to be life's ultimate goal and the means by which a man becomes a somebody.
Duddy begins to move towards this goal by working for his Uncle Benjy. Their relationship is strained: Uncle Benjy, a wealthy clothing manufacturer with socialist sympathies, has always favored Duddy's brother Lennie, who wants to become a doctor. He takes a dim view of Duddy's commercial ambitions, seeing them as avaricious and crass. Duddy takes a job as a waiter at a hotel in Ste. Agathe. He stumbles upon a beautiful lake while out with his soon-to-be lover and "Girl Friday", Yvette. He sees that the lake has tremendous potential as a summer resort.
He returns to Montreal and starts a company to produce bar mitzvah films. To this end, he hires Friar, an alcoholic, avant-garde filmmaker blacklisted in the United States, for his communist tendencies. Since Duddy's childhood, his father, Max, had told him stories about Jerry Dingleman, the local "Boy Wonder" whose rags-to-riches story is canonical among the residents of St. Urbain Street. Looking for help with his film company, Duddy attempts to engage Dingleman. The two travel to New York City, but Duddy fails to secure assistance from the "Boy Wonder", who sees him as a naive upstart and uses him to ferry a package of heroin across the Canada-U.S. border.
On the way back from New York, he meets Virgil, an American with pinball machines for sale. Back in Montreal, Duddy rents an apartment and an office for himself and Yvette and begins buying the plots of land around the lake.
After Friar tries unsuccessfully to seduce Yvette, he abandons his work with Duddy. Duddy starts a new movie distribution business and hires Virgil as a travelling projectionist. A few months later, Virgil, an epileptic (a fact known to Duddy when he gave Virgil the job), experiences a seizure while driving, crashes, and is paralyzed from the waist down. Yvette, blaming Duddy, takes Virgil to Ste. Agathe, where she cares for him. Duddy is left to show the movies seven days a week while trying to oversee movie production.
Meanwhile, Uncle Benjy finds that he has a terminal illness. He tries to mend fences with Duddy, who rebuffs his request that the two see each other more frequently during his final days. Uncle Benjy's death acts as a trigger for Duddy, who has a nervous breakdown and refuses to leave his room for a week. He loses his clients and must declare bankruptcy and surrender all his possessions to the government (except for the land, which was in Yvette's name due to Duddy being considered a minor).
After Duddy recovers, he invites Yvette and Virgil to move with him into his uncle's mansion, which Duddy inherited on the condition that the house not be rented out or sold. When he hears that the last bit of land around the lake is for sale, he exhausts his remaining contacts trying to raise the money he needs but comes up short. Pressed for time and desperate, Duddy forges Virgil's signature on a cheque to get the money. Yvette tells Duddy's grandfather, who is embarrassed and unhappy with the way Duddy has obtained the land. This theft prompts Yvette and Virgil to move out of the mansion and forbid Duddy to see them again.
In the end, Duddy has no friends left. But in the Montreal St. Urbain Street joint where his taxi-driving father spends most of his time entertaining regulars with stories, someone recognizes Duddy as the guy who has acquired all of the land surrounding the lake in the Laurentians, and when Duddy, ordering servings for everyone while he has no cash to pay, gestures to his father, he is answered by the patron, "That's all right, sir. We'll mark it." He has made it. He's become a "somebody". He grabs his father and spins him around, repeating, "You see."
Characters.
The Kravitz family
Other characters
Follow-up appearances by characters in the novel.
Many of Richler's novels were interconnected, taking place in the same narrative world. Jacob Hersh, a minor character in this novel, is the central character in "St. Urbain's Horseman" (1971); other "Duddy" characters are referenced in some of Richler's later works.
Aging in more-or-less real time, Duddy Kravitz makes brief, comic appearances in both "St. Urbain's Horseman" and "Barney's Version" (1997). As he ages, Duddy never loses his drive to make money, and in his final appearance in "Barney's Version", Duddy is in his 60s and is financially successful.

</doc>
<doc id="7012667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012667" title="Ben Johnson House (Bardstown, Kentucky)">
Ben Johnson House (Bardstown, Kentucky)

The Ben Johnson House is in the northern outskirts of Bardstown, Kentucky. It was built in 1851 in a Greek Revival style for state senator and lieutenant governor William Johnson. The house's name comes from William's son Ben Johnson, who was a congressman for two decades, speaker of the state House, state senator and collector of internal revenue for Kentucky in the second term of Grover Cleveland.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The listing included four contributing buildings and a contributing structure. The main house is built of brick laid in common bond. Its west-facing front has a portico with paired columns and a denticulated cornice; a gabled Victorian porch faces to the south. Nearly contemporary buildings include a one-story, brick cottage, a Victorian style gazebo, a cylindrical-shaped smokehouse.
When the Confederacy was deciding on a national flag, William's wife and Ben's mother Nancy was part of the committee that chose the Stars and Bars, and was first revealed to the public at the Johnson House in 1861 in front of 5,000 people.
When John Hunt Morgan and Thomas Hines escaped from the Ohio Penitentiary in 1863, they spent a night at the House before continuing to Confederate lines.
For some time it was "The Mansion" bed and breakfast, but it has since stopped being a hostelry.
The grounds are decorated with apple, dogwood, maple, mimosa, and pear trees.

</doc>
<doc id="7012668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012668" title="Techcrunch.com">
Techcrunch.com



</doc>
<doc id="7012670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012670" title="Finn Eces">
Finn Eces

Finn Eces (Finneces, Finegas, Finnegas) is a legendary Irish poet and sage, according to the Fenian Cycle of Irish mythology. He is the teacher of Fionn mac Cumhaill, according to the tale "The Boyhood Deeds of Fionn". For years he tries to catch the Salmon of Wisdom, a fish that will grant all the world's knowledge to whoever eats it. He is unsuccessful until he takes the young Fionn as his charge, but when Fionn cooks for him, he burns his thumb and puts it in his mouth. He therefore receives the fish's knowledge, which he can access by putting his thumb in his mouth again. Upon eating the salmon he recommends Finn take up the name Finn to fulfill the prophecy as to who will gain its wisdom, originally he was named Demne.
Nuada is referred to in some sources as Nuadu Finn-Éces, and certain authors suggest that the story of Fionn Mac Cumhall and the salmon of knowledge is related to the cult of Nodens or Nuada, which was introduced into the Boyne Valley mythological corpus some time in the early centuries BC. Nuada was integrated into Fenian lore as an ancestor of Fionn, the name Finn-Ecas meaning "Finn the Seer."

</doc>
<doc id="7012676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012676" title="Hamley Bridge, South Australia">
Hamley Bridge, South Australia

Hamley Bridge is a community in South Australia located at the junction of the Gilbert and Light rivers, as well as the site of a former railway junction.
Named by the government of the day, in honour of the Acting Governor of South Australia Lieutenant-Colonel Francis Gilbert Hamley, whose wife, Lady Edith Hamley laid the foundation stone of the River Light Railway Bridge on 25 July 1868. This bridge carries the Peterborough railway line over the Light River.
Other settlements in the area had commenced in the early 1860s, and it was not until 1868 that the junction of the two rivers came under notice as a possible site for a township.
Railway.
The Peterborough railway line was built from a new junction at Roseworthy (north of Gawler on what was then the Morgan railway line) to Tarlee during 1868. A bridge was required over the River Light. The bridge was long and high, in two spans on stone abutments and a cast iron cylindrical pier in diameter. This bridge was replaced in 1925 in conjunction with the works to convert the narrow gauge line to broad gauge, despite this bridge already being broad gauge.
Elevation is .
Break of gauge difficulty.
The original railway through the town was . In 1880, a junction at Balaklava on the narrow gauge Port Wakefield railway line created the Balaklava railway line through Owen to meet the broad gauge line at Hamley Bridge. This was built to , so Hamley Bridge was a break of gauge station rather than a junction.
A new railway station was established a few hundred metres north of the original in 1880 and was at first known as Alma Railway Station. The stone building, occupied as a private residence today, represents the fine architecture of the era and is heritage listed along with the signal box and water tanks, and two of the bridges over the River Light.
As Hamley Bridge is only from the capital and major port, this break of gauge soon became a sore point, leading lobbying over decades to extend the narrow gauge all the way to the capital and that port. Trains reaching Hamley Bridge may have travelled from Oodnadatta, thus illustrating the poor design of this break of gauge. The break of gauge at Hamley Bridge was very cramped and poorly sited due to rivers, bridges, gradients and curves, which were difficult to improve upon. There were also shunting delays and a shortage of trucks. A counter proposal to ease congestion at the inadequate facilities at the Hamley Bridge break of gauge was to shift the break of gauge northwards to Balaklava, was strongly opposed. Alternately, the break of gauge may have been moved northwards to Owen
Hamley Bridge ceased to be a break of gauge station in 1927 when narrow gauge lines as far north as Gladstone were converted to broad gauge, Gladstone becoming a break of gauge station in lieu.
Regular passenger services ceased in December 1986. Freight trains continued to use the line until October 2005.
24-hour per day operation was made possible by the installation of floodlighting in 1908.
Media.
Hamley Bridge was home to the short-lived "Hamley Bridge Express" (3-31 October 1908), which was printed in parallel with "Owen's Weekly and Dalkey District Courier" (3 October – 21 November 1908) by T.W. Broadway. Each was printed in their respective town, and with different mastheads but the same content.
The town also produced the "Junction News" (16 February 1940 – 3 May 1946), which became "Junction News and Owen Post" (10 May 1946 – 28 July 1967). The newspaper's original distribution included: Hamley Bridge, Riverton, Saddleworth, Marrabel, Manoora, Black Springs, Auburn, Waterloo, Tarlee, Stockport, Owen, Alma, Wasleys, and Barabba. After merging with a Riverton newspaper, the "Gilbert Valley News" (1 July 1965 – 27 July 1967), the newspaper's numbering was restarted as the "Junction and Gilbert Valley News" (4 August 1967 – 30 January 1969). It was then merged into "The Bunyip", located in Gawler.
Music.
Hamley Bridge is the Hometown of the band "From Dusk Till Dawn (AU)"
Sports.
Hamley Bridge had a cricket team named for the Break-Of-Gauge.
Hamley Bridge Bombers are the local Australian Rules Football team and one of the oldest in the region, dating back to 1907.
Between 1956 and 1969, Hamley Bridge was home to the Bell Bay Speedway. The speedway ran a variety of classes including Speedcars, TQ's, and Stock Cars. The speedway closed in 1969 due to rising costs and a lack of volunteers able to help run the venue. One local legend about its closure was because the then Mayor of Gawler was a regular competitor and didn't take kindly to rolling his Stock Car at the speedway.

</doc>
<doc id="7012677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012677" title="Finneces">
Finneces



</doc>
<doc id="7012681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012681" title="Mystery of the Nile">
Mystery of the Nile

Mystery of the Nile is a 2005 IMAX film documenting the first successful expedition to navigate the entire length of the Blue Nile and Nile from its source in Ethiopia to the Mediterranean Sea. The expedition was led by geologist Pasquale Scaturro. The journey took 114 days starting on December 22, 2003 and was finished on April 28, 2004. The film was released in 2005. 

</doc>
<doc id="7012683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012683" title="Overlook, Portland, Oregon">
Overlook, Portland, Oregon

Overlook is a neighborhood in the North section of Portland, Oregon on the east shore of the Willamette River. It borders University Park and Arbor Lodge on the north, Humboldt and Boise on the east, Eliot on the southeast, and Northwest Industrial and the Northwest District across the Willamette on the west.
It is home to Adidas' North American headquarters.
Features.
The Overlook Park station, the North Prescott Street station, and the North Killingsworth Street station on the MAX Yellow Line provide light rail service to the neighborhood.
Overlook House (1928) serves as a community center. The Interstate Firehouse Cultural Center, next to Patton Park, features arts education, exhibits and theater.
The neighborhood includes Swan Island, originally an island in the Willamette. In 1899, Richard McCrary, James Connor, and Hi Straight set up a moonshine still on Swan Island. The island was connected to the east bank by landfill in the 1920s. Swan Island was the site of Portland's first airport, Swan Island Municipal Airport, dedicated by Charles Lindbergh in 1927 and operating until the early 1940s when the island was converted to naval shipbuilding use for World War II as one of the Kaiser Shipyards. Swan Island is now an industrial area.
The Overlook Neighborhood Association is the official neighborhood association recognized by the city.

</doc>
<doc id="7012689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012689" title="Mazenod College, Victoria">
Mazenod College, Victoria

Mazenod College is an independent, Roman Catholic, day-school for boys, located in Mulgrave, Victoria. It is one of three schools run by the Oblates of Mary Immaculate (OMI) and the only one in Victoria. Mazenod College is a member of the Associated Catholic Colleges. Currently, the principal is Dr. Paul Shannon with the rector currently being Fr. Harry Dyer OMI.
Curriculum.
Mazenod College offers its senior students the Victorian Certificate of Education (VCE).
ACC premierships.
Mazenod has won the following ACC premierships.
Notable alumni.
VFL/AFL
Soccer
American football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Food
Television
Music
Volleyball

</doc>
<doc id="7012693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012693" title="National Security Surveillance Act">
National Security Surveillance Act

The National Security Surveillance Act () was a bill in the United States Congress that would have established procedures for the review of electronic surveillance programs. It was similar to the Military Commissions Act of 2006. 
Summary.
The bill:

</doc>
<doc id="7012695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012695" title="Manoranjan Bhakta">
Manoranjan Bhakta

Manoranjan Bhakta (10 April 1939 – 12 June 2015) was an Indian politician and a leader of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party. He was first elected as member of parliament for the Andaman and Nicobar Islands in 1977 to the 6th Lok Sabha. In total, he served eight terms as member of parliament for this constituency, seven of which were consecutive from 1977 to 1999. In 2010, after being denied a ticket in an election, he left the INC and later joined the Trinamool Congress.
He studied M.A. and LL.B. from Calcutta University, Calcutta. He was an Agriculturist, Political and Social Worker by profession. He started his political career as a Pradhan of Diglipur Gram Panchayat serving from 1961 to 1971.
Andaman and Nicobar Islands lawyer and journalist Anita Mondal, who is his daughter contested the Andaman and Nicobar Islands seat as Trinamool Congress candidate in the 2014 general election where she finished in fourth place garnering 2,283 votes. She is also a Trinamool Congress councillor in Bidhannagar Municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="7012697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012697" title="The Egyptian Theatre (Boise, Idaho)">
The Egyptian Theatre (Boise, Idaho)

The Egyptian Theatre is a theatre and concert venue in the western United States, located in Boise, Idaho. It has also been known as the Ada Theater (Boise is the seat of Ada County). Inaugurated after its erection in 1927, it is the oldest theatre in the city. When it opened, the local press wrote that it "embodies the characteristic features of the land of the Nile, from the truncated pyramids which form the great pylons, to the lotus bud pillars with their ornate frescoes." The great lotus pillars flanking the screen are based on those of Karnak. The theatre has been renovated by Conrad Schmitt Studios.
History.
The Egyptian Theatre was designed by Frederick C. Hummel of the architectural firm Tourtellotte &amp; Hummel.
The theater's architecture is of the Egyptian revival style, inspired by the newly discovered tomb of King Tut. Over time, the structure underwent various changes. In 1999, it was remodeled once again after the original building.
The Egyptian Theater opened in 1927. In 1930 it became the Fox Egyptian Theater and about a year later just the Fox. From 1937 to 1979 it was the Ada Theater, and in 1979 it became the Egyptian again.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
The theater is architecturally significant as one of the few surviving theaters from the grand cinema and movie palace era in Boise.
"The Bourne Identity", "The Bourne Supremacy", and "The Bourne Ultimatum" film premieres were all hosted at The Egyptian Theatre.
Actor Aaron Paul rented out the Egyptian theater in downtown Boise to live stream the 14th episode of "Breaking Bad".
The Egyptian Theatre is home to performances by Opera Idaho.

</doc>
<doc id="7012700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012700" title="National Archaeological Museum (Naples)">
National Archaeological Museum (Naples)



</doc>
<doc id="7012714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012714" title="CACNA1C">
CACNA1C

Voltage-dependent L-type calcium channel subunit alpha-1C
(also known as Cav1.2) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "CACNA1C" gene. Cav1.2 is a subunit of L-type voltage-dependent calcium channel.
Structure and function.
This gene encodes an alpha-1 subunit of a voltage-dependent calcium channel. Calcium channels mediate the influx of calcium ions (Ca2+) into the cell upon membrane polarization (see membrane potential and calcium in biology).
The alpha-1 subunit consists of 24 transmembrane segments and forms the pore through which ions pass into the cell. The calcium channel consists of a complex of alpha-1, alpha-2/delta and beta subunits in a 1:1:1 ratio. The S3-S4 linkers of Cav1.2 determine the gating phenotype and modulated gating kinetics of the channel. Cav1.2 is widely expressed in the smooth muscle, pancreatic cells, fibroblasts, and neurons. However, it is particularly important and well known for its expression in the heart where it mediates L-type currents, which causes calcium-induced calcium release from the ER Stores via ryanodine receptors. It depolarizes at -30mV and helps define the shape of the action potential in cardiac and smooth muscle. The protein encoded by this gene binds to and is inhibited by dihydropyridine. In the arteries of the brain, high levels of calcium in mitochondria elevates activity of nuclear factor kappa B NF-κB and transcription of CACNA1c and functional Cav1.2 expression increases. Cav1.2 also regulates levels of osteoprotegerin.
CaV1.2 is inhibited by the action of STIM1.
Regulation.
The activity of CaV1.2 channels is tightly regulated by the Ca2+ signals they produce. An increase in intracellular Ca2+ concentration implicated in Cav1.2 facilitation, a form of positive feedback called Ca2+-dependent facilitation, that amplifies Ca2+ influx. In addition, increasing influx intracellular Ca2+ concentration has implicated to exert the opposite effect Ca2+ dependent inactivation. These activation and inactivation mechanisms both involve Ca2+ binding to calmodulin (CaM) in the IQ domain in the C-terminal tail of these channels. Cav1.2 channels are arranged in cluster of eight, on average, in the cell membrane. When calcium ions bind to calmodulin, which in turn binds to a Cav1.2 channel, it allows the Cav1.2 channels within a cluster to interact with each other. This results in channels working cooperatively when they open at the same time to allow more calcium ions to enter and then close together to allow the cell to relax.
Clinical significance.
Mutation in the CACNA1C gene, the single-nucleotide polymorphism located in the third intron of the Cav1.2 gene, are associated with a variant of Long QT syndrome called Timothy's syndrome and more broadly with other CACNA1C-related disorders, and also with Brugada syndrome. Large-scale genetic analyses have shown the possibility that CACNA1C is associated with bipolar disorder and subsequently also with schizophrenia. Also, a CACNA1C risk allele has been associated to a disruption in brain connectivity in patients with bipolar disorder, while not or only to a minor degree, in their unaffected relatives or healthy controls. In a first study in Indian population, the Schizophrenia associated Genome-wide association study (GWAS) SNP was found not to be associated with the disease. Furthermore, the main effect of rs1006737 was found to be associated with spatial abilityefficiency scores. Subjects with genotypes carrying the risk allele of rs1006737 (G/A and A/A) were found to have higher spatial abilityefficiency scores as compared to those with the G/G genotype. While in healthy controls those with G/A and A/A genotypes were found to have higher spatial memoryprocessing speed scores than those with G/G genotypes, the former had lower scores than the latter in schizophrenia subjects. In the same study the genotypes with the risk allele of rs1006737 namely A/A was associated with a significantly lower Align rank transformed Abnormal and involuntary movement scale(AIMS) scores of Tardive dyskinesia(TD).

</doc>
<doc id="7012715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012715" title="Meant to Fly">
Meant to Fly

"Meant to Fly" is a song written by Chantal Kreviazuk, Raine Maida and Gaby Moreno, for 2006 "Canadian Idol" winner Eva Avila. The song was released as the first single from her debut album, "Somewhere Else", on September 26, 2006. After she was crowned the winner of the fourth season, "Meant to Fly" began receiving airplay across Canada.
Both Avila and Craig Sharpe performed the song separately during the September 11 grand finale performance show and were both praised by "Idol" judges Sass Jordan, Farley Flex, Zack Werner and Jake Gold.
Chart performance.
"Meant to Fly" topped the Canadian Singles Chart for about nine non-consecutive weeks, beginning October 5, 2006. Its debut atop the chart marked the first time that an "American Idol" and "Canadian Idol" contestant occupied the top two positions. The song reached number six on the Canadian BDS Airplay Chart and was a substantial hit on contemporary radio. With the introduction of the Billboard Canadian Hot 100 in 2007, the song appeared on the chart, peaking at #74 there. It was certified Double Platinum in Canada in December 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="7012719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012719" title="Skil saw">
Skil saw



</doc>
<doc id="7012729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012729" title="It's Only Teenage Wasteland">
It's Only Teenage Wasteland



</doc>
<doc id="7012735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012735" title="Joseph Tehan">
Joseph Tehan

Joseph "Joe" Tehan (born September 15 in Utica, New York) is an American professional poker player.
Tehan was introduced to poker at college where he played with his friends. He started out playing low limits but soon began traveling to casinos to play at higher stakes. After completing his Masters in Business Administration he decided to move to Las Vegas and play poker professionally. Joe started out his poker career as a ring game player.
In June 2006, Tehan won the World Poker Tour fifth season Mandalay Bay Poker Championship, earning $1,033,440. On the final hand, Tehan's improved to a full house on a board of to defeat Burt Boutin's . Since his victory, Joe has switched to becoming primarily a poker tournament player.
In November 2010, Tehan won the North American Poker Tour Los Angeles $5,000 buy-in main event, earning $725,000. He knocked all seven other players at the final table, which included fellow poker professionals Jason Mercier and Michael Binger.
As of 2011, his total live earnings exceed $3,000,000.

</doc>
<doc id="7012737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012737" title="Finegas">
Finegas



</doc>
<doc id="7012739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012739" title="Khao Saming district">
Khao Saming district

Khao Saming (, ) is a district ("amphoe") in Trat province, eastern Thailand.
History.
The district was established in 1898, but its name and the location of the district office has changed several times in its history. At first named Si Bua Thong, then Thung Yai, it was finally renamed Khao Saming when the district office was moved to Ban Tha Kathon in "Tambon" Khao Saming. The present district office building was opened on 14 February 2000.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Khlung of Chanthaburi province, Bo Rai, Mueang Trat, Laem Ngop of Trat Province.
Administration.
The district is divided into eight sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 66 villages ("mubans"). Two townships ("thesaban tambon") are in the district: Saen Tung covers parts of the "tambon" Saen Tung, and Khao Saming covers parts of the "tambon" Khao Saming and Thung Nonsi. There are eight further tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="7012740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012740" title="Nicollet Island/East Bank, Minneapolis">
Nicollet Island/East Bank, Minneapolis

Nicollet Island/East Bank ( ) is a neighborhood in the University community of Minneapolis. It is a part of Minneapolis City Council ward 3, represented by Michael Rainville, and state legislative district 59B.
The neighborhood is situated just across the Mississippi River from Downtown Minneapolis, one of six in the University community. It comprises Nicollet Island and the portion of the eastern riverbank located between Central Avenue and the BNSF Railway line. The "East Bank" portion of the neighborhood is commonly referred to as a part of Northeast or Old St. Anthony, as this area was the location of the town of St. Anthony, which was annexed by Minneapolis in 1872.
East Hennepin Avenue runs through the middle of the neighborhood, which means it is situated in parts of both Northeast and Southeast Minneapolis. The neighborhood is bounded by Central Avenue, 2nd Avenue NE, and the river. Due to its proximity to Downtown, the area has seen a wave of gentrification in recent years; with shopping complexes and upscale condominiums built in the area. The area is the home to DeLaSalle High School on Nicollet Island.

</doc>
<doc id="7012742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012742" title="Piedmont, Portland, Oregon">
Piedmont, Portland, Oregon

Piedmont is a neighborhood in the north and northeast sections of Portland, Oregon, United States. The Piedmont subdivision was platted in 1889 by Edward Quackenbush, and promoted in an early flyer as "The Emerald, Portland's Evergreen Suburb, Devoted Exclusively to Dwellings, A Place of Homes." The original subdivision, now known as "Historic Piedmont," includes parts of the Humboldt and King neighborhoods, as well as the modern Piedmont neighborhood south of Rosa Parks Way.
In 1947, after a failed attempt to build a NABISCO factory in the Rose City Park neighborhood, a factory location along Columbia Boulevard was chosen. The plant was completed in August 1950.
Popular culture.
In the book "The Zombie Survival Guide" by Max Brooks, there is a faux zombie attack recorded in which zombies attacked Piedmont and the citizens attempt to hide in the cave mines.

</doc>
<doc id="7012744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012744" title="HARTline">
HARTline



</doc>
<doc id="7012745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012745" title="Finnegas">
Finnegas



</doc>
<doc id="7012752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012752" title="The 500 Greatest Songs Ever">
The 500 Greatest Songs Ever



</doc>
<doc id="7012755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012755" title="Joe Tehan">
Joe Tehan



</doc>
<doc id="7012756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012756" title="Eglin steel">
Eglin steel

Eglin steel (ES-1) is a high-strength, high-performance, low-alloy, low-cost steel, developed for a new generation of bunker buster type bombs, e.g. the Massive Ordnance Penetrator and the improved version of the GBU-28 bomb known as EGBU-28. It was developed by the US Air Force and the Ellwood National Forge Company.
The Air Force sought a low-cost replacement for strong and tough but expensive superalloy steels such as AF-1410, Aermet-100, HY-180, and HP9-4-20/30. A high-performance casing material is required so the weapon survives the high impact speeds required for deep penetration. The material has a wide range of other applications, from missile parts and tank bodies to machine parts.
The material can be less expensive because it can be ladle-refined. It does not require vacuum processing. Unlike some other high-performance alloys, Eglin steel can be welded easily, broadening the range of its application. Also, it uses roughly half as much nickel as other superalloys, substituting silicon to help with toughness and particles of vanadium carbide and tungsten carbide for additional hardness and high-temperature strength. The material also involves chromium, tungsten, and low to medium amounts of carbon, which contribute to the material's strength and hardness.
Properties.
At room temperature, ES-1's yield (tensile strength before deformation) is 193,900 psi (1,337 MPa), ultimate strength (breaking point) is 246,700 psi (1,701 MPa). At 900°F (482°C), yield is 191,400 psi (1,320 MPa), and ultimate strength is 215,700 psi (1,487 MPa). Rockwell C hardness is 45.6 (448 HV10). For toughness, the Charpy notch impact is 56.2 foot-pounds (76 J) at room temperature, and 42.7 ft-lbs (58 J) at -40F (-40°C).
ES-1 is a balance of cost, tensile strength, high temperature tensile strength and toughness. By varying the heat treatment to include water or liquid nitrogen quenching, or omitting the normalization heat-treat to permit work hardening, properties can be improved.
ES-5, with an economical air and water quench, provides 244,800 psi (1,688 MPa) of high-rate yield strength, and 291,900 psi (2,013 MPa) high-rate ultimate strength. Low-rate yield strength is 216,000 psi (1,489 MPa), and low-rate ultimate strength is 270,200 psi (1,863 MPa).
By comparison, ordinary structural steel has a yield strength of 36,000 psi, 4150 "ordnance" steel (used in high-quality military gun barrels) has a yield strength of 75,000 psi.
Details.
The material composition by weight is:
The material has an unusually wide range of production methods for a superalloy: electric arc, ladle refined with vacuum treatment; vacuum induction melting; vacuum arc remelting, and even electro slag remelting. Vacuum treatments are recommended for best strength and premium uses.
The material has to undergo heat treatment involving normalization, quenching and tempering to develop the required austenitic microstructure, with subsequent tempering. Test plates were 1 inch. First they were normalized. They were charged in a furnace at 500F. Heated at 125F per hour to 1625–1725F. Held at 1750F for an hour per inch of section size, and then air-cooled to room temperature. Next the samples were austenized by repeating the process up to 1700F, and held for an hour per inch of section size, then oil quenched to below 125F. Finally, they were tempered by in an oven that started below 500F, increased at 100F per hour per inch of section size, and allowed to air-cool to room temperature.
Credit.
The patent credits Morris Dilmore and James Ruhlman as inventors.

</doc>
<doc id="7012757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012757" title="Göttinger Miszellen">
Göttinger Miszellen

Göttinger Miszellen (often abbreviated as GM) is a scientific journal published by the Seminar für Ägyptologie und Koptologie of the University of Göttingen,Germany which contains short scholarly articles on Egyptological, Coptological, and other related subjects.
Founded in 1972, its aim is to publish information about new discoveries and theories as quickly and efficiently as possible, and to be a forum for scholarly discussions on Egyptology. In line with this philosophy, GM is published at least four times a year, and contributors (who may submit articles in German, English or French) are required to submit camera-ready copy, as articles are reproduced photographically rather than being re-typed or loaded from diskette. Copy is not edited at all by the publishers and is the verbatim work of each author.
Each issue is approximately 112 pages in length and costs 4.50 euros. Back issues are only available from No. 47 (1981) onwards, as all earlier copies are out of print. The journal is identified as .

</doc>
<doc id="7012759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012759" title="The Space Diver">
The Space Diver



</doc>
<doc id="7012760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012760" title="Laconia High School (New Hampshire)">
Laconia High School (New Hampshire)

Laconia High School (LHS) is a public high school in Laconia, New Hampshire, United States, serving grades 9 through 12. Enrollment in the 2014-15 school year was 626 students. The school's athletic teams are the Sachems.
The J. Oliva Huot Technical Center, named for Joseph Oliva Huot, is located on the campus.
History.
Laconia High first opened in the fall of 1875 at its original campus on Academy Street, in the South End neighborhood of Laconia. In 1878, the first class graduated with nine students. In 1923, the school moved to its current campus on Union Avenue to accommodate the increased enrollment. In 1936, a separate practical arts wing was added to the Union Avenue campus. Later additions include the J. Oliva Huot Technical Center wing in 1976 and subsequent renovations in 1983. From 2012-2013 Laconia High School underwent a major renovation and expansion to include a new Technical Center wing and moving the football field farther behind the school.
In 2023, after the 100 year anniversary of the main building on Union Ave, construction began again to remodel and replace locker rooms, bathrooms, and other outdated components.
Academics.
LHS is accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges. To graduate, students must earn a minimum of 26 credits. The 26 credits must include all of the following: English, 4 credits; math, 3; social studies, 3; science, 3; physical education/health, 2; technology, 1; fine arts, 1; and 9 credits of general electives. Due to schedule changes, members of the Class of 2010 must earn a minimum of 22 credits and members of the Class of 2011 must earn a minimum of 24 credits. A student receives one credit per one class per one semester. Students in grades 9-11 must take a full course load each semester, but seniors can reduce the course load as a senior privilege.
Grades are based on a scale of 0-100. The school ranks students based upon their weighted GPA. Classes are weighted with the following multipliers: AP, 5.0; Honors, 4.5; CCR (College and Career Ready), 4.0; Foundations, 4.0.
Clubs, organizations, and activities.
Laconia has over 20 clubs, organizations, and activities. These allow students to get involved in their school community. Some of the more prominent clubs include; Student Council, Key Club, Drama, Band, Color Guard, Math Team, FBLA, Junior Achievement, and Yearbook.
Clubs often hold many events and fundraisers throughout the year, including the following;
Athletics.
Sports were first introduced at Laconia in 1923 with the move to Union Avenue. With the campus and the new building equipped with a gymnasium, the school was able to offer football, basketball, and baseball for men during the fall, winter, and spring months, respectively. Later in the 1920s, field hockey was the first sport to be offered to girls.
Currently, there are five varsity sports offered for men, six varsity sports offered for women, and eight coed varsity sports at LHS. As of the 2018-19 school year, Laconia is classified as a Division II program in the New Hampshire Interscholastic Athletic Association, however, in some sports, they petition down and compete in Division III due to low participation. The following sports are offered:
Laconia has historically been strong at football, winning 10 championships and appearing in the finals 20 times in the last six decades. The Sachems Football team won the NH Division IV finals against Hanover in the fall of 2007, 35-14, to complete their undefeated 11-0 season and their first championship since 1999. Since the fall of 2018, the team plays in division III of the NHIAA.

</doc>
<doc id="7012764" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012764" title="ES-1">
ES-1



</doc>
<doc id="7012766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012766" title="ES1">
ES1



</doc>
<doc id="7012769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012769" title="Goettinger miszellen">
Goettinger miszellen



</doc>
<doc id="7012775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012775" title="Gottinger Miszellen">
Gottinger Miszellen



</doc>
<doc id="7012781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012781" title="Portsmouth, Portland, Oregon">
Portsmouth, Portland, Oregon

Portsmouth is a neighborhood in the north section of Portland, Oregon, United States. It is bordered by Columbia Boulevard to the north, Lombard Street to the south, Chautauqua Boulevard to the east, and a BNSF Railway cut to the west.
History.
In 1883, a group of realtors operating as the "Portsmouth Real Estate Association" platted a subdivision around present-day Portsmouth Avenue and Lombard Street. This association referred to the subdivision as the "City of Portsmouth", although a proper municipality was never established. This land was later acquired by the Electric Land Company, which platted "Portsmouth Villa" in 1889. "Portland Names and Neighborhoods" notes: "We are not sure what 'Portsmouth' meant to those developers in 1883. The location is near the lower end of the Portland harbor, and perhaps they felt the word was therefore suitable."
Features.
Portsmouth is a primarily residential neighborhood. A large portion of the neighborhood is occupied by New Columbia, an mixed-income housing development.
Parks in Portsmouth include Columbia Park, McCoy Park, Northgate Park, and University Park. The Peninsula Crossing Trail runs along the neighborhood's western boundary. Three public schools are located within Portsmouth: César Chávez School (K–8), Rosa Parks Elementary School (K–5), and Clarendon Early Learning Academy (pre-K). The neighborhood is home to the Charles Jordan Community Center.

</doc>
<doc id="7012784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012784" title="Spare Me the Details">
Spare Me the Details

"Spare Me the Details" is a song by American rock band the Offspring. The song is featured as the tenth track from their seventh studio album, "Splinter" (2003), and was released as a single in 2004 in Australia and New Zealand only. Dexter Holland wrote the song inspired by a friend who was unsettled at a vivid account of his girlfriend cheating on him, and asked the person telling him 'Please! Spare me the details!'
Personnel.
The Offspring
Additional musicians
"Greatest Hits".
The song was included as the fifteenth track on the Australian version of the band's "Greatest Hits" (2005).

</doc>
<doc id="7012786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012786" title="National beauty contest">
National beauty contest



</doc>
<doc id="7012787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012787" title="Pelly-Nisutlin (electoral district)">
Pelly-Nisutlin (electoral district)



</doc>
<doc id="7012794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012794" title="Everett Pierce Marshall">
Everett Pierce Marshall



</doc>
<doc id="7012799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012799" title="Andersen's syndrome">
Andersen's syndrome



</doc>
<doc id="7012804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012804" title="Low levels of potassium">
Low levels of potassium



</doc>
<doc id="7012807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012807" title="Scammel">
Scammel



</doc>
<doc id="7012808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012808" title="Mount Lorne (electoral district)">
Mount Lorne (electoral district)

Mount Lorne is a former electoral district which returned a member (known as an MLA) to the Legislative Assembly of the Yukon Territory in Canada. The riding included the Whitehorse subdivisions of Golden Horn, Wolf Creek, Mary Lake, and Cowley Creek, as well as the Hamlet of Mount Lorne.
In the 2009 electoral redistribution, Mount Lorne was separated, with the Hamlet of Mount Lorne merging with the riding of Southern Lakes to create Mount Lorne-Southern Lakes and the rest of the riding merging with part of the former riding of Copperbelt to former Copperbelt South.
The riding was largely considered a New Democrat stronghold.
Electoral results.
2006.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right|828
! align=right|100.0%
! align=right| – 
2002.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right|841
! align=right|100.0%
! align=right| – 
2000.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right|1254
! align=right|100.0%
1996.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right|1196
! align=right|100.0%
1992.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right|909
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –

</doc>
<doc id="7012811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012811" title="Klabberjass">
Klabberjass



</doc>
<doc id="7012814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012814" title="3.14">
3.14



</doc>
<doc id="7012816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012816" title="Potassium selective ion channels">
Potassium selective ion channels



</doc>
<doc id="7012818" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012818" title="Virginia state highways">
Virginia state highways



</doc>
<doc id="7012819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012819" title="University Park, Portland, Oregon">
University Park, Portland, Oregon

University Park is a neighborhood in the north section of Portland, Oregon, United States, on the east shore of the Willamette River. University Park is bounded by North Lombard Street and the Portsmouth neighborhood to the north, North Chautauqua Boulevard and the Arbor Lodge neighborhood to the east, The Willamette River and Mock's Bottom industrial area to the south, and the North Portland railroad cut with Cathedral Park and St. Johns neighborhoods to the west.
The neighborhood shares its name with a North Portland park in the adjacent Portsmouth neighborhood, land for which was acquired in 1953.
University Park is home to Portland's largest mixed-race population, making up 7.49% of its population. 
History.
University Park was named for its proximity to the former Portland University, a Methodist institution founded in 1891. Property of 71 acres for the university and roughly 530 acres for the surrounding neighborhood was platted from land owned by pioneer families and sold at half-value to the Methodist Episcopal Church, then owners of Willamette University in Salem. The church planned to sell individual lots through a realty company in University Park to finance the university, but home site sales did not sustain the institution. A financial failure for most of its brief existence, the university closed in 1900.
After Portland University closed, the land and buildings were purchased by the Archdiocese of Portland in 1901, and Columbia University opened on the site, later renamed the University of Portland. Public transportation was installed, and industry began to develop in the area.
As designers of University Park, Methodist Episcopal officials aligned streets along a northeastsouthwest axis and a northwestsoutheast axis in order to maximize exposure to sunlight. Church officials also chose street names in remembrance not only of institutions of higher learning but also persons and places important to Methodists of the time. As a result, University Park is a neighborhood without an ordinal relationship among streets; therefore, navigation requires knowledge of all streets.

</doc>
<doc id="7012822" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012822" title="Alticinae">
Alticinae



</doc>
<doc id="7012827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012827" title="Potassium ion channels">
Potassium ion channels



</doc>
<doc id="7012828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012828" title="Barium poisoning">
Barium poisoning



</doc>
<doc id="7012830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012830" title="Nitun Kundu">
Nitun Kundu

Nitya Gopal Kundu (3 December 1935 – 15 September 2006) was a Bangladeshi artist, sculptor and entrepreneur. Kundu played an important role during the liberation war of Bangladesh in 1971. He founded the furniture company Otobi.
Early life.
Kundu was born in Dinajpur district to his Kayastha parents Gnanendranath Kundu and Binapani Kundu. He was the fourth among seven siblings. Kundu was married to Phalguni Kundu and had a daughter Amity and a son Animesh.
Education and early career.
Kundu graduated from Dhaka Art College (now the Institute of Fine Arts) in 1959. In the years leading up to 1971, he worked at the United States Information Service (USIS) in Dhaka designing exhibits and graphics.
Liberation War.
During the Bangladesh Liberation War, Kundu worked with the artist Quamrul Hassan at the public relations department of the Bangladesh Government-in-Exile at Mujibnagar. In collaboration with Hassan and a group of notable artists namely Debdas Chakraborty, Nasir Biswas, Pranesh Mandal and Biren Shome; Kundu worked on numerous posters and works of art aimed at arousing the newly formed Mukti Bahini liberation army and also raising awareness of the genocide being unleashed by the Pakistan Army on the people of Bangladesh.
It was during this period he designed two posters which became among the most recognized
works of art produced during the war. They were titled "Sada Jagrata Banglar Mukti Bahini" and "Banglar Hindu, Banglar Bouddha, Banglar Christian, Banglar Musalman; Amra Sabai Bangali".
The Liberation War was the inspiration for Kundu's most famous work, the sculpture "Shabash Bangladesh", a tribute to the fallen freedom fighters of the Mukti Bahini. This is situated on the campus of Rajshahi University.
Entrepreneur.
In the 1975, following a brief stint at Bitopi advertising agency, Kundu established his own company, a furniture store featuring his own designs, Otobi. Within a relatively short period, Otobi became the most prominent Bangladeshi furniture brand. He started the company with an initial investment of 5000 taka.
Works.
Kundu crafted several national trophies including National Film Award, President Gold Cup, Notun Kuri Award, Asia Cricket Cup, and the Ekushey Padak.
His some notables works are the following:
Death.
Kundu died of old age complications at Ibrahim Memorial Cardiac Centre in Dhaka on 15 September 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="7012832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012832" title="Freddy Prinze Jr.">
Freddy Prinze Jr.



</doc>
<doc id="7012833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012833" title="Grizzlikof">
Grizzlikof



</doc>
<doc id="7012836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012836" title="Clobber (cards)">
Clobber (cards)



</doc>
<doc id="7012842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012842" title="Sandeep Dikshit">
Sandeep Dikshit

Sandeep Dikshit (born 15 August 1964) is an Indian politician, development manager and educator. He is the son of former Chief Minister of Delhi, Sheila Dikshit. He was a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the East Delhi constituency of Delhi and is a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party.
Early life.
Sandeep Dikshit was born to former Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit and Vinod Dikshit, an IAS officer from the Uttar Pradesh cadre.
Sandeep holds a master's degree in history from St. Stephens College, and received his post-graduate diploma in Rural Management in 1989 at the Institute of Rural Management, Anand (IRMA).
Career.
Before entering active politics, Sandeep Dikshit headed a social development group Sanket Information and Research Agency Pvt. Ltd which pioneered the first sub-national Human Development Report in the world in 1996. He also served as a faculty member at O. P. Jindal Global University, Sonepat.
In June 2019, he triggered a controversy when he likened behavior by the Indian Chief of the Army Staff General Bipin Rawat to that of a "goon on the street" and apologized later via Twitter.
Personal life.
He is married to Mona Dikshit. They have a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="7012846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012846" title="Kir2.1">
Kir2.1

The Kir2.1 inward-rectifier potassium channel is a lipid-gated ion channel encoded by the gene.
Clinical significance.
A defect in this gene is associated with Andersen-Tawil syndrome.
A mutation in the KCNJ2 gene has also been shown to cause short QT syndrome.
In research.
In neurogenetics, Kir2.1 is used in "Drosophila" research to inhibit neurons, as overexpression of this channel will hyperpolarize cells.
In optogenetics, a trafficking sequence from Kir2.1 has been added to halorhodopsin to improve its membrane localization. The resulting protein eNpHR3.0 is used in optogenetic research to inhibit neurons with light.
Expression of Kir2.1 gene in human HEK293 cells induce a transient outward current, creating a steady membrane potential close to the reversal potential of potassium.
Interactions.
Kir2.1 has been shown to interact with:

</doc>
<doc id="7012848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012848" title="Klob">
Klob

Klob may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7012850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012850" title="That Mitchell And Webb Look">
That Mitchell And Webb Look



</doc>
<doc id="7012853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012853" title="Clob (card)">
Clob (card)



</doc>
<doc id="7012857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012857" title="Oxford Bookstore">
Oxford Bookstore

The Oxford Bookstore, formerly known as Oxford Bookstore and Stationery Company, is an Indian book store chain established in 1919. It has no connection with Oxford University Press. Its outlets, on prime locations in the high streets of most of the major cities of the Raj such as Delhi, Mumbai, Meerut, Chennai (2006) and Calcutta, are well known even today. Still known as the Oxford Bookstores, the outlets are now managed by the Apeejay Surrendra Group, a Calcutta-based conglomerate, while the book wholesaling business has been merged with India Book House to become Oxford and IBH.
Name.
Oxford University Press came to India in 1912, and learned of the existence of the Oxford Bookstores shortly after they were set up in 1919. They had a brief legal tussle over the use of the telegraphic address 'Oxonian', but in general tolerated and even encouraged the firm, giving them special terms for OUP and Clarendon Press titles. ‘An enterprising firm, certainly good at display,’ Humphrey Sumner Milford, Publisher to the University, commented to Sir Maurice Gwyer.
OUP had taken legal advice and been told that the geographical identifier ‘Oxford’ carried no protection unless teamed with ‘University’ or ‘Press’; and if any two words of the name were used they could ‘jump in with both feet’, as Milford said, and prosecute for trademark violation. The Press had been able to stifle the activities of the University of Oxford, Tennessee, without too much trouble, but marmalade, sausages and shoes could all call themselves ‘Oxford’ with impunity. Milford encouraged Oxford Bookstores because he felt their ‘enterprise’ deserved it, and since they were not publishers their operations actually helped OUP, and the confusion over who owned the Oxford Bookstores may have acted in OUP's advantage.
History.
The Oxford Bookstore was a landmark in Calcutta during the days of the Raj, along with Whiteaway Laidlaw's famous departmental store. Like most bookshops of the time, the store also stocked fancy leather goods, toys, perfume, albums, photo frames, indoor games, playing cards and silver and electroplated goods. It features in the memoirs of many eminent British and Indian figures of the twentieth century, and has always played a part in the city's life. In the 1970s, during the Naxalite rising, it was used as a message drop-off point by activists, who would slip notes into particular books for other members of their group to find.

</doc>
<doc id="7012859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012859" title="My Big Bird">
My Big Bird



</doc>
<doc id="7012860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012860" title="Eliot, Portland, Oregon">
Eliot, Portland, Oregon

Eliot is a neighborhood in the North and Northeast sections of Portland, Oregon. It is approximately bounded by the Willamette River on the west, Interstate 405 and the Kerby Avenue approach to the Fremont Bridge on the northwest, NE Fremont Street on the north, NE 7th Avenue on the east, and NE/N Broadway on the south.
The neighborhood contains the old center of the former City of Albina before it was annexed by Portland in the late 19th century. Eliot was named in honor of Rev. Thomas L. Eliot, a pioneer minister.
Schools.
Three schools serve the neighborhood: Boise-Eliot/Humboldt Elementary School, Irvington Elementary School, Harriet Tubman Middle School, Grant High School, and Jefferson High School.
Points of interest.
The Wonder Ballroom hosts concerts and other events at 128 NE Russell Street. The building was completed in 1914 as the meeting place for the local members of the Ancient Order of Hibernians. In 2004, the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Legacy Emanuel Medical Center is one of only two Level I trauma centers in Oregon. It was founded in 1912 as Emanuel Hospital by the First Immanuel Lutheran Church of Portland. During the hospital's 1972 expansion, 300 homes and businesses were razed, displacing Black families that had lived in the area since the founding of Albina. Those families and their descendants formed the Emanuel Displaced Persons Association and its successor organization, EDPA2.

</doc>
<doc id="7012866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012866" title="Samuel Isham">
Samuel Isham

Samuel Isham (May 12, 1855 – June 12, 1914) was an American portrait and figure painter.
Early life.
Samuel Isham was born in New York City on May 12, 1855. He was the son of William Bradley Isham (1827–1909) and Julia Burhans (1827–1907). His father was a leather merchant who owned downtown factories and warehouses on Gold and Cliff Streets, and became vice-president of the Bank of the Metropolis and the president of the Bond and Mortgage Guarantee Company. Among his siblings was Charles Bradford Isham, who married Mamie Lincoln (granddaughter of Abraham Lincoln); and Julia Isham, who married historian Henry Osborn Taylor.
After preparing at Phillips Academy, he studied at Yale, where he was a member of the third editorial board of "The Yale Record", and graduated in 1875 with a B.F.A. degree.
Career.
After Yale, Isham traveled abroad for three years and then studied law at Columbia Law School, beginning in the fall of 1878, and was admitted to the bar. He began practicing in the office of Lord Day &amp; Lord before forming a partnership with George E. Coney in 1881.
Art career.
A few years later, however, Isham opted out of a career in law and turned to art. He again went abroad, studying painting in Paris at the Académie Julian from 1885 to 1887 under Gustave Boulanger and Jules Joseph Lefebvre.
He exhibited at both Paris salons and at the larger American exhibitions. He was a member of the Art Jury at the Pan-American Exposition in Buffalo, New York in 1901, and became a member of the National Academy in 1906. At the St. Louis World's Fair in 1904, he won the silver medal. He was also a director of the Fine Arts Society and a member of the National Institute of Arts and Letters, both in New York City.
His most important achievement, however, was his "History of American Painting" in 1905, the best work on the subject. It deserves high praise for its adequate treatment, sympathetic usually just appreciations, and pleasing style.
Personal life.
Isham, who did not marry and lived at 471 Park Avenue in Manhattan, was a member of the Maidstone Club (in East Hampton, New York), Ardsley Club (in Irvington, New York), the Metropolitan Club, the Players' Club, and the University Club of New York.
On June 12, 1914, Isham suffered from an aneurysm of the arteries and died on the Maidstone Club golf course in East Hampton. He was buried in Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx. After his death, his estate presented 236 Japanese color prints from his personal collection to the Metropolitan Museum of Art.

</doc>
<doc id="7012867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012867" title="CACNA1c">
CACNA1c



</doc>
<doc id="7012870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012870" title="Tim Johnson (wheelchair rugby)">
Tim Johnson (wheelchair rugby)

Timothy Clarence Johnson (born 4 February 1976) is a New Zealand disability sports administrator and former wheelchair rugby player. He is a past captain of the Wheel Blacks, the New Zealand wheelchair rugby team.
Johnson was a member of New Zealand wheelchair rugby teams from 1998 until 2010, including the gold medal-winning team at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens and the bronze medal-winning team at the 2000 Paralympics in Sydney. At the 2008 Paralympics, he was both a player and assistant coach for the New Zealand team, which finished in fifth place. He won silver at the world championships in Toronto in 1998 and in Christchurch in 2006, and was captain of the 2006 team.
He served as the president of New Zealand Wheelchair Rugby from 2003 to 2004, and from 2011 until 2014. He was also the organisation's treasurer between 2005 and 2006. He has served as an Athlete Council representative on the New Zealand Olympic Committee from 2003 to 2014.
Johnson studied at the University of Canterbury and the Christchurch College of Education, graduating with a Bachelor of Engineering with Honours in electrical, electronics and communications engineering in 1998, a Graduate Diploma in Teaching and Learning (Secondary) in 1999, and a Master of Engineering in 2004. He has also studied and the Victoria University of Technology, Melbourne and the Auckland University of Technology. He completed papers towards a Graduate Diploma in Career Counselling for Elite Athletes in 2005, and graduated with a Graduate Certificate in Business Administration (Part MBA) in 2015. He has been awarded University of Canterbury and New Zealand Universities Blues for wheelchair rugby.
He currently serves as the Lead of the World Wheelchair Rugby (WWR) Competitions Working Group where he has been an active member from 2007. He is Assistant Technical Delegate at the Paris 2024 Summer Paralympics and also the Technical Delegate for the 2023 International Wheelchair Rugby Cup. He has also been Technical Delegate for the 2023 WWR Asia-Oceania Championship, the 2018 IWRF World Championships, and the 2013, 2015 and 2019 IWRF Asia-Oceania Championships. 
He worked in numerous roles at the Accident Compensation Corporation from 2006 to 2019
In the 2015 Queen's Birthday Honours, Johnson was appointed a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to disability sport.

</doc>
<doc id="7012872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012872" title="The Magical Mystery Tour">
The Magical Mystery Tour



</doc>
<doc id="7012873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012873" title="Tracteurs FAR">
Tracteurs FAR



</doc>
<doc id="7012878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012878" title="Diphallic terata">
Diphallic terata



</doc>
<doc id="7012879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012879" title="Ankyrin B">
Ankyrin B



</doc>
<doc id="7012891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012891" title="Humboldt, Portland, Oregon">
Humboldt, Portland, Oregon

Humboldt is a neighborhood in the North and Northeast sections of Portland, Oregon. It is bordered by the neighborhoods of Piedmont to the north, King to the east, Boise to the south, and Overlook to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="7012893" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012893" title="Something (The Beatles song)">
Something (The Beatles song)



</doc>
<doc id="7012895" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012895" title="Cunningham Lake">
Cunningham Lake

Cunningham Lake (Dakelh lang. Yeko Bun) is in the Omineca region of central British Columbia. By road and trail, the eastern end is about northwest of Fort St. James.
Nancut Creek flows northeast from the lake into Stuart Lake.
Name origin.
The Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) journals record the name as Yokogh, Jokoh, Petit Lac or Little Lake. A.G. Morice's 1907 map adopted the latter. Maps since 1912 have used Cunningham Lake. The oldest Dakelh name is Tadulh of unknown meaning. The more recent name of Yeko may come from 'ukoh meaning creek. One theory is that
Yeko refers to the western part of the lake and Yekoozdli to the eastern part.
Lake profile.
The shore length is . The surface area is and elevation is above sea level. The mean depth is .
Important locations are Yekoozdli (former village), Tadulh (the narrows, where cache pits and possibly pit houses are located), Noo Tsui and Noo Tsula islands, and Scooby Island (a.k.a. Ts 'oo Noo).
Permanent village.
The Yekooche First Nation (a.k.a. the Portage Band) have inhabited the Stuart Lake area for thousands of years. Around 1800, Father Morice described the population near the lake as a few small bands of fishermen subsisting mostly on whitefish. By the early 1800s, the tribe lived at the Yekoozdli village site on the creek at the east end of the lake.
The North West Company (NWC) network never extended beyond Fort St. James. Unless buyers came from the fort in the winter to trade, the First Nations around Babine Lake largely traded furs directly with the Yekooche, who in turn traded with that fort. To secure this trading network, the Stuart Lake Dakelh acted as middlemen by bringing goods from the fort to the various Babine Lake locations, and were blocking other tribes from passing between Babine Lake and Stuart Lake by 1820. This business opportunity ceased with the establishment of the HBC Fort Babine in 1822.
The Yekoozdli village in 1824 comprised 6 couples, 2 widows, 3 young men, and 8 infants. After the NWC merger in 1821, the HBC operated Fort St. James. The HBC fishery founded at Beaver Creek produced inconsistent returns. However, an abundance of fish at Yekoozdli prompted the HBC to create a second fishery at that lake in 1827. A fishing weir was installed on the creek beside the village.
A large burial ground was established at Yekoozdli by the late 1800s.
Seasonal presence.
Around the 1880s, most of the people moved to Yekooche (a.k.a. Portage), which lies at the eastern end of the Babine Portage. Villages historically located close to primary resources. In this instance, colonization changed settlement behaviour. The value of being on an important trade route took precedence over proximity to fish as a food source.
The former settlement became primarily a fishing, hunting, and trapping area. From the early 1900s to the 1940s, numerous families from throughout the watershed came to Cunningham Lake for whitefish. In 1908, a fish hatchery was built on the creek, which provided a new source of income for some of the villagers. On closing in 1930, the families moved to Yekooche. However, many have continued to maintain cabins and smokehouses at the lake. Ucausley 16 is the present reserve.
As well as a source of hay for cows and horses, the area provides lake trout, whitefish, kokanee, moose, bear, deer, duck, and beaver to hunters. Such food is dried or canned for winter.
On a small island called Ruby Rock, the Joseph brothers have a hunting/fishing guide outfitting company. On a little peninsula, known as "Yekoosle", a Yekooche family owns cabins. The Joseph brothers own small cabins on the small reservation nearby, which they use for haying and hunting. At night, guests can hear loons calling in the distance, and wolves and coyotes howling.

</doc>
<doc id="7012899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012899" title="Yeko Bun">
Yeko Bun



</doc>
<doc id="7012903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012903" title="Montessori Gesamtschule Potsdam">
Montessori Gesamtschule Potsdam



</doc>
<doc id="7012905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012905" title="List of Dutch Films made in the Interwar period (1919-1940) and Nazi Occupation (1940-1944)">
List of Dutch Films made in the Interwar period (1919-1940) and Nazi Occupation (1940-1944)



</doc>
<doc id="7012909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012909" title="Aïn Beïda, Oum El Bouaghi">
Aïn Beïda, Oum El Bouaghi

Aïn Beïda () is a city and municipality (baladiyah) located in Oum El Bouaghi Province, Algeria, south east of Constantine and north of Khenchla, inhabited by Chaouis and Arabs. In 1998 its population was 88,300.
Etymology.
"Aïn" is Arabic and means spring, while "Beïda" means white. Thus, Aïn Beïda literally means "White spring". The "whiteness" refers to the purity of the water that springs from the said spring.
It might refers also to the Eye of the white Mare which dies near the white spring and took that name.
History.
The town center still features a garden that houses Roman ruins including undergrounds tunnels, which indicates that the town has a long and rich history. Former name in Roman Era is "Marcimani". The city was a strategic town in Roman Era and was in frontiers with Baghai state.
The Chaoui Haraktas tribe inhabited and reigned the area near Ain Beida (East of Oum bouaghi district) through history and defended it many times. 
When Algeria was a state in Ottoman Empire, Khalifat of Haractas was one of the strongest Emirates in East of Algeria. A war was taken place between Haractas and Constantine Bey which ends by an alliance between the two sides. The Khalifat had 25000 men as army by 1827.
Harkati provide assistance before Algiers invasion before taken by French armies. They assist Bey of Constantine before the falling of Constantine in 1837. The Khalifat holds the French invasion many times through ten years between 1937 and 1948. In 1848 French army advance through sidi rghis and ain beida and Haractas army retreat to Meskiana. Then a big battle take place in Oued Meskiana, when a 30,000 harkatis supported by neighbor tribes defeated by 60,000 French army with 3 generals, so that ends with a peace treaty between the two sides. 
Many "Baidis" have been in World war 1 and 2 and also in first Arabic Israeili war of 1948
In Algerian war many have joined the battle and among them there was martyrs: like; Saidi Djemouii (Black tiger of palestro), Delphi Ibrahim, Colonel Hadj Ali Hamdi and many others. 
After independence, the city has grown to be a prominent area of trading goods, recently selling cars, production of electricity, distribution of gas. 
From the Olemas Muslimin we cite: Lakhdar boukeffa, Zinai Hadj belkacem; Zemouchi, and after them many olemas like Cheikh Ghoulam and Ghazali. 
Localities of the commune.
The commune of Aïn Beïda is composed of 8 localities:

</doc>
<doc id="7012918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012918" title="Krishna Tirath">
Krishna Tirath

Krishna Tirath (born 3 March 1955) is an Indian politician from INC. She was a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India representing the North West Delhi constituency of Delhi. She was Minister of State (Independent Charge) in Ministry of Women and Child Development in the second Manmohan Singh ministry. She left the Indian National Congress (INC) political party, and on 19 January 2015 she joined Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). Later on in March 2019 she rejoined the Indian National Congress.
She began her political career as a M.L.A in Delhi and was a member of the Delhi Legislative Assembly between 1984–2004. In 1998, she became the Minister for Social Welfare, SC &amp; ST and Labour &amp; Employment in the Sheila Dikshit-led Delhi government. The Chief Minister saw her as a part of the dissident group and forced to resign from her post by dissolving her entire Cabinet. On her resignation in 2003, she became Deputy Speaker of the Delhi Assembly.
In the 2004 elections she beat Anita Arya of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and was elected to parliament. In 2009 elections, she was again elected from North West Delhi by defeating Meera Kanwaria of BJP.
Minister of Women and Child Development.
As Minister for Women and Child Development, Tirath stated that the government's priorities would be to "support holistic empowerment of women, ensure adequate and universal availability of supplementary nutrition for children, adolescent girls and expectant mothers and build a protective environment for children where they can develop and flourish as responsible and happy citizens of the society."
Tirath has proposed that working Indian husbands pay a portion of their income to their wives. The goal is to calculate the value of housework, and to socially empower women for the work they do at home.
In a 2012 meeting with United States Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius, Tirath stated her concern for malnutrition among children in India. She emphasized the importance of agencies like Integrated Child Development Services for implementing improvements in education, immunization and supplementary nutrition, to alleviate child mortality.
National Girl Child Day photograph.
On 24 January 2010 a photograph of former Pakistan Air Chief Marshal Tanvir Mahmood Ahmed in uniform appeared along with those of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress president Sonia Gandhi in a full-page newspaper advertisement (see External Links below) given by Ministry of Women and Child Development to mark the National Girl Child Day. Initially Mrs.Tirath refused to accept the error on behalf of her ministry, accused the media of hair-splitting, and stated, "[the] message is more important than the image. The photograph is only symbolic. The message for the girl child is more important. She should be protected." She later apologised on behalf of her ministry for publishing a photograph of a former Pakistan Air Force chief in a government advertisement and said an inquiry will bring out who was responsible for it. The former air marshal, upon learning of the publication, "..wasn't aware about this [and felt it was] an innocent mistake."
Controversy over misuse of power.
On 13 September 2010, Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) cancelled the appointment of Krishna Tirath's daughter Yashvi Tirath for the post of anchor-cum-correspondent in state run telecaster Doordarshan News.
A tribunal, headed by chairman V K Bali, cancelled the selection of the journalists working with DD News, finding "misuse of marks in the interview" and "irregularities having vitiated the whole process."
Joining BJP.
On 19 January 2015, she formally joined the BJP after meeting Mr Amit Shah - the BJP President. She contested from Patel Nagar (Delhi Assembly constituency) as a BJP candidate for the 2015 Delhi Legislative Assembly election and was defeated by Hazari Lal Chauhan of AAP by a margin of 34,638 votes.
She left the Bharatiya Janata Party in March 2019 and rejoined Indian National Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="7012922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012922" title="Anderson School at UCLA">
Anderson School at UCLA



</doc>
<doc id="7012928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012928" title="King, Portland, Oregon">
King, Portland, Oregon

King is a neighborhood in the northeast section of Portland, Oregon, United States. Like many of the surrounding neighborhoods, King has historically had one of the highest proportions of non-white residents in the city. Census data taken 2010 show that the neighborhood was 60.1% white.
King straddles Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard from Ainsworth Street to Fremont and is at one end of the Alberta Arts District, a commercial district where locally owned shops, galleries, and cafés have brought new life. Once predominantly African-American, the neighborhood has rapidly gentrified since the 1990s and attracted more young, mostly white residents. It was previously an area of high crime rates related to gang activity, poverty, and the crack epidemic of the 1980–1990s. With its proximity to the Alberta Commercial Corridor, King is now seen as one of the more popular Portland neighborhoods with housing prices remaining above Portland average.
History.
Part of the historic Portland district known as Albina, after the city that once existed here before being merged with Portland, King and other predominantly African-American neighborhoods were subjected to redlining whereby realtors could be penalized by their professional organization if they sold homes to blacks outside the district. White residents were encouraged to flee before their property values fell. Home loans were not available to African Americans because of outright discrimination, or economic self-protection of mortgage lenders aware of the falling prices. When larger banks were required to not discriminate, they avoided making loans by using a policy of set minimum loan amounts that precluded prospective buyers from purchasing the homes in the district that were priced substantially below the Portland average.
People in Albina who wanted to purchase homes were forced to either come up with cash or to turn to predatory lenders such as Dominion Capital that purchased a large portfolio of cheap homes and made predatory loans with complicated terms to Albina residents. The loans had high interest rates with as much as 18% or more and monthly payments were as low as the buyers could pay–even if they would not pay down accumulating interest. The instrument used was a land-sale contract and typically the total loan amount would come due in five years. By this time, most buyers owed more than they initially paid and Dominion would retake possession of the house and the residents would be evicted poorer than when they started.
There has been some displacement of black residents whose rents increased, and some properties have turned over to white owners or renters in the process of an older generation passing on. Some long-time residents were also able to sell their homes to take advantage of increased prices if they wanted to move to smaller quarters. The neighborhood still has one of the highest concentrations of black residents in the city and as such is often still referred to as an African American neighborhood. Though African Americans are no longer a majority, they still form a strong plurality at 34.1% of the neighborhood's 8,654 residents according to the 2010 Census. There is also a small portion of the neighborhood's southern end which has a population of 1,967 that is roughly 59% African American. It is now the only portion of the city, along with the Woodlawn and Woodlawn Park neighborhood areas, where African-Americans make up a majority.

</doc>
<doc id="7012931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012931" title="Prison Sex">
Prison Sex

"Prison Sex" is a song by American rock band Tool. Frontman Maynard James Keenan wrote the lyrics. The song was released as the second single from their debut studio album "Undertow". The song uses a modified drop-B tuning. The track features an "anti-climax" coda, in which memorable verses and choruses dissolve into an unrelated, quiet final section.
Music video.
The video for "Prison Sex" was created with stop-motion animation techniques, and was directed by the band's guitarist Adam Jones (who had previous experience in art direction and animation, including work on the dinosaurs in "Jurassic Park") and was edited by Ken Andrews. The video was removed from the MTV playlist due to its disturbing content. "Prison Sex" was also nominated for 1994's MTV Music Video Awards' Best
Special Effects category. The music video later showed on an episode of "Beavis and Butt-head".
The video primarily revolves around a battered white humanoid, robotic-like doll figure trapped in a room full of cabinets that contain other humanoids, such as a caterpillar with the main humanoid's face, a jar with a wasp inside, a robotic character with a little child's face that twists and turns, and a being made out of what looks like meat and feces. During various points in the video the main character is confronted by a larger black humanoid who causes the doll to go catatonic. While catatonic, the black figure molests the doll with a paintbrush. In the beginning of the video, the black figure severs the doll's legs (even though they still move by themselves) and hangs them out of reach of the doll. By the end of the video, the doll subjects itself to the abuse by painting itself. In the final shot, it is revealed that the doll was in its own cabinet the whole time when the black figure closes the cabinet door.
Controversy.
With the release of the 1993 single "Prison Sex" and its music video, directed and created by Adam Jones, MuchMusic called the band into question by deeming the video too graphic and offensive, later running an episode of its "Too Much 4 Much" series to discuss the video.
MTV stopped airing the "Prison Sex" video after a few viewings due to its symbolism depicting the sensitive subject of child abuse. Maynard James Keenan, who wrote the lyrics, has been quite clear in concerts about his dislike for his stepfather.
Before a live performance of "Prison Sex" on November 29, 1996, in Montreal, Quebec, Keenan stated:
"This song is about recognizing, identifying, the cycle of abuse within yourself. That's the first step of the process: realization; identifying. The next step is to work through it. But, this song is about the first step in the process, which is recognizing."

</doc>
<doc id="7012932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012932" title="1880 South Carolina gubernatorial election">
1880 South Carolina gubernatorial election

The 1880 South Carolina gubernatorial election was held on November 2, 1880 to s
elect the governor of South Carolina. Johnson Hagood was nominated by the Democrats and ran against L. W. R. Blair, a Greenback-Labor candidate. Hagood easily won the general election and became the 80th governor of South Carolina.
Democratic Convention.
In 1880, the state Democratic Party was split between the supporters of Wade Hampton and Martin Witherspoon Gary, although Hampton clearly commanded the respect and admiration of the party faithful. Therefore, to thwart a bid by Gary for the governorship, the state executive committee on March 10 announced that the state nominating convention would be held on June 1, a couple months before the anticipated date in August. Gary was viewed negatively during the spring because of his tirades against Hampton and the state Democrats hoped that an early convention would eliminate any possibility of Gary recovering his support.
At the convention in Columbia, a motion to proceed with nominations was immediately brought to a vote and it passed by a margin of 84 to 63. Unable to stop the nominating process and with little support, Gary refused to let his name be nominated for governor so as to avoid the embarrassment of an overwhelming defeat. Johnson Hagood, a conservative Democrat, was nominated for governor by acclamation.
Republican Convention.
The state Republicans held their convention in early September and the sentiment of the delegates heading into the convention was to mount an all-out attempt on the state offices. Led by Thomas E. Miller and other notable black leaders, they reasoned that although they might not win, it would maintain the cohesion and organization of the state party. However, as in the previous gubernatorial election, the party leaders stressed the futility of launching a statewide campaign. Nevertheless, a special committee was created to discuss the issue.
The committee not only reported that nominations for statewide offices should be made but also formulated a state ticket. On the ticket for governor was John Winsmith, an elderly white native South Carolinian from Spartanburg, and Thomas E. Miller for lieutenant governor. Other men of vague character made up the rest of the ticket and objections were made as to the lack of quality men on the ticket. The chairman of the committee responded that it was the best that they could do and more respectable Republicans refused to be nominated.
Robert B. Elliott, chairman of the state Republican party, then took the floor and reiterated the same arguments against nominations that he made in 1878. He stated that nominating a statewide ticket would only serve to incite the Democrats to wage an aggressive campaign which would ruin the chances of the Republican presidential candidate in the state. Furthermore, if the Republicans simply waited in the shadows, the Democrats would eventually be wreaked by internal dissension because the primary reason for Democratic unity was Republican opposition.
Elliott compared the situation of the Democrats to that of the Republicans during Reconstruction, how the splintering campaigns by the Independent Republicans in 1872 and 1874 caused the eventual downfall of the regular Republicans in 1876. He pointed out the rise of agrarian dissatisfaction in the state by the organization of a Greenback party as the beginning of the breakup of the Democratic party.
Proponents of the state ticket wavered in their support upon hearing Elliott, and the issue was left with the executive committee of the party. With Elliott as the leader of the party, the matter was buried and no state ticket was formed.
Greenback-Labor Convention.
During September, the Greenback-Labor party held their first convention in the state at Chester. There were only 45 delegates from 8 counties, but they still nominated a statewide ticket for the general election. Despite being newly formed, they fused with the Republicans only in a few isolated places and were considerably ill-equipped to take on a united and formidable Democratic party.
General election.
The general election was held on November 2, 1880 and Johnson Hagood was elected as governor of South Carolina with nominal opposition. Turnout was slightly more than the previous gubernatorial election because there was a somewhat organized opposition candidate.
 

</doc>
<doc id="7012942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012942" title="Franciscan Montessori Earth School &amp; Saint Francis Academy">
Franciscan Montessori Earth School &amp; Saint Francis Academy

The Franciscan Montessori Earth School &amp; Saint Francis Academy (FMES/SFA) is located in Portland, Oregon, United States. FMES/SFA offers Montessori education in Portland OR. Private Preschool, Kindergarten, Elementary, Middle. It is operated by the Franciscan Sisters of the Eucharist from Bridal Veil, Oregon.
History.
Established in 1977, the school is in its 40th year. The school began with seventeen students in one classroom. As the school grew, additional grades were added in the Lower and Upper Elementary, and a Children's House program (ages 2 1/2-6) was added. Eventually a middle school program, St. Francis Academy, was added. This program currently serves students in the 7th and 8th grade. Until 2002 the school maintained a High School program, but this is no longer open. Since 2012, the school has been undergoing a series of upgrades and renovations to its physical facilities. The middle school is housed in a separate building constructed on the campus, Clare Hall, in 1996.
Exchange Program.
FMES/SFA students who choose to take German as their foreign language have the option to be part of a German exchange program. The exchange program travels to Freiburg, Germany. German exchange students travel to Portland, Oregon.
Students also participate in an exchange sponsored by the school's Spanish Program. In recent years these students have traveled to Costa Rica.
Special Programs.
The school has a comprehensive sports program under the auspices of CYO, and offer classes after school for dance, music, language, piano, chess, math, robotics, and more.
Accreditation.
The school is a member of AMI and OMA.

</doc>
<doc id="7012946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012946" title="Nonte Phonte">
Nonte Phonte

Nonte Phonte also spelled as Nonte Fonte, is a Bengali comic-strip (and later comic book) creation in 1969 by Narayan Debnath, which originally was serialized for the children's monthly magazine "Kishore Bharati" (). The stories featuring in the comic strips focus on the trivial lives of the title characters, Nonte and Phonte, along with a school-senior, Keltuda, and their boarding school Superintendent. The comics have appeared in book form and have been recreated since 2002 in colour. A popular animation series based on the characters has also been filmed.
Characters.
All the characters belong to a semi-rural (mofasshal) town of Paschimpara in West Bengal, India. The younger characters live in a hostel of a boarding school. The teachers of the school are rarely seen but the headmaster is sometimes depicted. The superintendent and the staff of the hostel are often picturized. All of the characters have whimsical nicknames that add to the amusement of the readers.
Nonte.
Nonte is 16-year-old boy, wears orange, and is immediately distinguishable from Fonte due to his longer hair and a tuft of hair sticking out from the back of his head. 
Fonte.
Fonte is a 15-year-old boy, wearing a blue shirt, and is immediately distinguishable from Nonte due to his shorter hair.
Keltu.
Keltu is a 20-year-old tall and mischievous boy who always tells lies in Nonte and Fonte's class. He's the only student who wears trousers instead of shorts probably on account of his advanced years. In one comic strip, the reader learns that he has failed the class six times and the governing body of the school wants to get rid of him. He is shown variously as having curly hair and a stubby nose and being a bit taller and stronger than Nonte and Fonte. Often he threatens and coaxes them into doing work for him but invariably gets busted. He also rats on the other students to curry favor with the superintendent and is, in general, quite boastful.
He is the only student who is said to be in the list of good students of Superintendent and is often insulted by the Superintendent. To bullying Nonte and Fonte in front of sir, he often says that Nonte and Fonte do not want sir's good health. He often conspires against them and at last he himself gets caught in sir's hands.
Although, there are some stories where they all work together, which is very rare and can be found in only two or three stories.
Superintendent
The 50-year-old Superintendent is an obese, balding man who loves to eat and discipline his students. He is shown as not being particularly courageous, lazy, and greedy. He definitely enjoys corporal punishment and canes the students often. Usually he is the butt of most pranks. He is always heckled by the students. In the comic books, his name is mentioned as Patiram Hati. But, in the animated cartoon series, his name is mentioned as Hatiram Pati. In a single story, his name is mentioned as Ghatotkach Ghatak, and in another story, Patiram Hati was a criminal's name instead of Superintendent.
Thakur.
Thakur is a 42-year-old man, who is servant of his owner Hatiram Pati. He likes to dance in his house with radio. He speaks Hindi, Marathi, Gujarati and Punjabi. He calls Nantua to Nonte, Fantua to Fonte, Kaltu babu to Keltu and Suparintin Babu or Suparintin sahab to his owner.
Recurring characters.
Minor recurring characters include the headmaster who is quite benign, the cooks at the boarding school hostel who speak Bengali with accents that vary from Bihari, Oriya, and Dhakai, and many students like Panga, Nepchada, Lengcha, Boncha.
Adaptations.
Television.
The stories of Nonte Fonter Nanan Kirtee were adapted in an original television series. The episodes of which initially aired on Tara TV and then in CTVN. Out of a hoard of fresh faces, Kanchan Mullick's portrayal of Keltuda was admired and lauded. The series however discontinued due to poor production values and low TRPs &amp; children like Tom and Jerry on that time.
Later the stories were adapted in an animated television series named "Nonte Fonter Nanan Kirtee" by SSOFTOONS. The episodes were aired on Akash Bangla since 2006 and it became a success, both critically and commercially. 

</doc>
<doc id="7012951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012951" title="Khagen Das">
Khagen Das

Khagen Das (4 September 1937 – 21 January 2018) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Tripura West constituency of Tripura and was a member of the Communist Party of India (Marxist).

</doc>
<doc id="7012955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012955" title="Paleobotanic">
Paleobotanic



</doc>
<doc id="7012957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012957" title="Sabin, Portland, Oregon">
Sabin, Portland, Oregon

Sabin is a neighborhood in the Northeast section of Portland, Oregon, United States. It is bordered by Vernon on the north, King on the west, Irvington on the south, Alameda on the east, and Concordia on the northeast.

</doc>
<doc id="7012960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012960" title="Geertruida de Haas-Lorentz">
Geertruida de Haas-Lorentz

Geertruida Luberta "Berta" de Haas-Lorentz (20 November 1885 – 1973) was a Dutch physicist and a professor at the Technical University of Delft. She was the first to theoretically study thermal fluctuations in electric circuits, treating electrons as Brownian particles. Consequently she is considered one of the pioneers of electrical noise theory. She was the daughter and doctoral student of Hendrik Lorentz. She went by the name Berta, or Ber.
Life.
Berta Lorentz was born in Leiden, Netherlands, the eldest daughter of the physicist and 1902 Nobel Prize in Physics winner Hendrik Lorentz and . Berta was the eldest of four children. Her siblings were Johanna Wilhelmina (born 1889), Gerrit (born 1893, died 1894), and Rudolf (born 1895). At that time of her birth, her father was Professor of Theoretical Physics at the University of Leiden. Her mother, Aletta Kaiser, took care of the children and household, did charity work, and was heavily involved with the local women's suffrage movement.
On 22 December 1910, Berta Lorentz married Wander Johannes de Haas, who would become professor of experimental physics in Leiden, and they went on to have two sons and two daughters. Some of their children changed their last name to "Lorentz de Haas."
She studied physics at the University of Leiden with her father as dissertation advisor and earned her doctor's degree in 1912 on a thesis entitled "On the theory of Brownian motion and related phenomena" (). 
After defending her doctoral dissertation in Leiden, De Haas-Lorentz taught physics at the Technical University of Delft and translated some of her father's works into German. She also wrote a biography of her father.
Berta de Haas-Lorentz died on 2 January 1973 in Leiden.
Research.
De Haas-Lorentz was one the first to apply Albert Einstein's theory of Brownian motion to other domains. During her thesis work, she was the first to carry out a theoretical analysis of thermal fluctuation of electrons in electrical circuits, predating the experimental discovery of the Johnson–Nyquist noise. She considered that a circuit with resistance "R" and inductance "L" should store an energy , where "I" is the current. If there was a fluctuating thermal current, by the equipartition theorem the energy would be related to the thermal energy "kT" where "k" is the Boltzmann constant and "T" is the temperature. De Haas-Lorentz obtained,
where the angle brackets denote the thermal average.
She was also the first to propose thermal fluctuations limit the detection of electromagnetic radiation.
In collaboration with her husband, the De Haas couple showed that experiments carried by James Clerk Maxwell failed to prove the hypothesis of André-Marie Ampère, that magnetism in matter is caused by microscopic current loops.
She also predicted the London penetration depth for superconductivity in 1925, before the development of the London equations in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="7012962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012962" title="Arouet le Jeune">
Arouet le Jeune



</doc>
<doc id="7012968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012968" title="Nonte Fonte">
Nonte Fonte



</doc>
<doc id="7012969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012969" title="Big Beach Boutique II – The Movie">
Big Beach Boutique II – The Movie



</doc>
<doc id="7012970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012970" title="Granada cf">
Granada cf



</doc>
<doc id="7012973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012973" title="Nonte-Phonte">
Nonte-Phonte



</doc>
<doc id="7012975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012975" title="Nonte-Fonte">
Nonte-Fonte



</doc>
<doc id="7012976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012976" title="Nemam">
Nemam

Nemam (Telugu: నేమాము; నేమాం) is a village, in the East Godavari district in Kakinada, in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. It means appointment (నియామకం) in the Telugu language. 

</doc>
<doc id="7012979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012979" title="Baju Ban Riyan">
Baju Ban Riyan

Baju Ban Reang (13 March 1941 – 21 February 2020), was an Indian politician from Tripura state. He was a member of the central committee and the secretariat of the Tripura state unit of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) (CPI(M)). He was also president of the Tripura Rajya Upajati Ganamukti Parishad.
Political career.
Bajuban Reang was a member of the Tripura Legislative Assembly from 1967 to 1980. From 1978 to 1979, he was the Minister for Agriculture, Animal Husbandry, Cooperation and Fishery in the Tripura state government. In 1980, he was elected to the 7th Lok Sabha from Tripura East constituency in Tripura state. He was re-elected to the Lok Sabha in 1984, 1996, 1998, 1999, 2004 and 2009 from the same constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="7013001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013001" title="Handa Bhonda">
Handa Bhonda

Handa Bhonda (), also referred to as Hada Bhoda is a Bengali comic-strip (and later comic book) creation of Narayan Debnath, which originally was serialized for the children's monthly magazine "Shuktara". The comics have appeared in book form. A popular animation series based on the characters has also been filmed.
Origin.
The suggestion to work in comics in Bengali came from the editors at "Deb Sahitya Kuthir" publishing house. Also the name Handa-Bhonda was their suggestion. Debnath had been familiar with foreign made comics but comics in Bengali had, by his own admission, yet to take off. First published in 1962, "Handa-Bhonda" became an instant success and continues to be printed in "Shuktara" every month as of September 2006. "Handa-Bhonda" was initially penciled and inked by Debnath and had no colored frames. Later it would be printed in gray-scale.
Theme.
The stories feature two young boys, one slender (Handa) and the other bulky (Bhonda). Out of the two, Handa is more mischievous and tries to put others, Bhonda in particular, in trouble. In the end however, in most of the stories Handa gets punished due to his follies.
They have a paternal uncle who has a bad temper, Handa always uses his brains to avoid work being given to him by his uncle (Pisemosai in Bengali) Handa also often tricks Bhonda in doing stuff that would get him a scolding or thrashing from pisemosai but at the end of the story he invariably ends up getting beaten himself. In some of the stories, they work together.
Their paternal uncle, always puts Handa and Bhonda in some kind of work, and Handa always either sends Bhonda to work or he takes the money and eats in restaurants like 'Abar Khabo Restaurant' and many other places. Bhonda has a little friend named Bocha whom Handa considers as Bhonda's disciple ('chela'in Bengali).
Their paternal aunt appears in few of the stories of Handa and Bhonda. Handa Bhonda has gained popularity and is still read by thousands of readers and lovers of comics.

</doc>
<doc id="7013003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013003" title="Vernon, Portland, Oregon">
Vernon, Portland, Oregon

Vernon is a neighborhood in the Northeast section of Portland, Oregon, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="7013010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013010" title="Nakul Das Rai">
Nakul Das Rai

Nakul Das Rai (born 12 February 1960) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Sikkim constituency and is a member of the Sikkim Krantikari Morcha (SKM) political party.

</doc>
<doc id="7013011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013011" title="Certosa di San Martino">
Certosa di San Martino

The ("Charterhouse of St. Martin") is a former monastery complex, now a museum, in Naples, southern Italy. Along with Castel Sant'Elmo that stands beside it, this is the most visible landmark of the city, perched atop the Vomero hill that commands the gulf. A Carthusian monastery, it was finished and inaugurated under the rule of Joan I of Naples in 1368. It was dedicated to St. Martin of Tours. During the first half of the 16th century it was expanded. Later, in 1623, it was further expanded and became, under the direction of architect Cosimo Fanzago, essentially the structure one sees today.
In 1799 anti-clerical French forces of occupation suppressed the monastery and forced the monks to flee. In the ensuing decades the monks made several attempts to reestablish their charter house, with the last effort failing in 1866, when the state definitively confiscated the property. Today, the buildings house the National Museum of San Martino with a display of Spanish and Bourbon era artifacts, as well as displays of the "presepe"—Nativity scene—considered to be among the finest in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="7013012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013012" title="Handa-Bhonda">
Handa-Bhonda



</doc>
<doc id="7013016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013016" title="Hada Bhoda">
Hada Bhoda



</doc>
<doc id="7013018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013018" title="Domon Ishijima">
Domon Ishijima



</doc>
<doc id="7013019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013019" title="Prokonnisos">
Prokonnisos



</doc>
<doc id="7013020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013020" title="Hada-Bhoda">
Hada-Bhoda



</doc>
<doc id="7013023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013023" title="FUSE (Linux)">
FUSE (Linux)



</doc>
<doc id="7013026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013026" title="Terror (The Tick)">
Terror (The Tick)



</doc>
<doc id="7013036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013036" title="Moises Dueñas">
Moises Dueñas



</doc>
<doc id="7013039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013039" title="W. Wangyuh">
W. Wangyuh

W. Wangyuh Konyak (born 20 October 1963) was an Indian politician and member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Nagaland constituency and is a member of the Nagaland Peoples Front (NPF) political party.
Political Life.
Member of Parliament.
Konyak won the Lok Sabha elections in 2004 with a margin of over 400,000 votes against his closest opponent, K. Asungba Sangtam who represented the Indian National Congress in the previous term. He fought the election on an NPF ticket.
In 2006, he urged the Information and Broadcasting Ministry of the Indian government to ban the screening of the movie The Da Vinci Code in India. He also asked the then Chief Minister of Nagaland, Neiphiu Rio to convene a special session of the state assembly to ban the movie in Nagaland or issue an official notification in this regard.
In 2008, while a Lok Sabha MP from Nagaland, Konyak was expelled from his party, Nagaland People's Front, for six years as he defied party directives and voted for the nuclear deal tabled in Parliament by the United Progressive Alliance. The NPF was in political alliance with the BJP then at the state government.

</doc>
<doc id="7013043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013043" title="Cadalene">
Cadalene

Cadalene or cadalin (4-isopropyl-1,6-dimethylnaphthalene) is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon with a chemical formula C15H18 and a cadinane skeleton. It is derived from generic sesquiterpenes, and ubiquitous in essential oils of many higher plants.
Cadalene, together with retene, simonellite and ip-iHMN, is a biomarker of higher plants, which makes it useful for paleobotanic analysis of rock sediments.
The ratio of retene to cadalene in sediments can reveal the ratio of the genus "Pinaceae" in the biosphere.

</doc>
<doc id="7013052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013052" title="Bantul The Great">
Bantul The Great



</doc>
<doc id="7013058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013058" title="2004 New York Jets season">
2004 New York Jets season

The 2004 New York Jets season was the franchise's 35th season in the National Football League (NFL), the 45th season overall, and the fourth under head coach Herman Edwards.
The season began with the Jets attempting to improve on their 6–10 record from 2003. The Jets started the season by winning their first five games, which constituted a franchise record. They ultimately finished 10–6, and clinched the fifth seed in the playoffs, reaching the postseason for the third time in four seasons.
They upset the AFC West champion San Diego Chargers in the Wild Card round, winning in overtime 20–17, but would lose in the Divisional round to the Pittsburgh Steelers, also by a score 20–17 in overtime.
Offseason.
The Jets signed former Arizona Cardinals cornerback David Barrett and offensive guard Pete Kendall, as well as Seattle Seahawks safety Reggie Tongue and Oakland Raiders linebacker Eric Barton. The Jets also traded for Tennessee Titans wide receiver Justin McCareins.
NFL draft.
The Jets were granted the 12th pick in the first round of the NFL draft by virtue of their 6–10 record in 2003. They used this pick to take linebacker Jonathan Vilma from the University of Miami. They were also granted the maximum four compensatory draft picks as a result of losing premium free agents before the 2003 season.
Regular season.
During the 2004 regular season the Jets’ non-divisional, conference opponents were primarily from the AFC North, although they also played the Houston Texans from the AFC South, and the San Diego Chargers from the AFC West. Their non-conference opponents were from the NFC West.
Game summaries.
Week 1: vs. Cincinnati Bengals.
The major story heading into this game was the professional debut of Bengal quarterback Carson Palmer. However, the Jets’ offense, led by running back Curtis Martin, spearheaded the Jets’ victory. After an early fumble led to a Bengals touchdown, the Jets took the lead late in the first quarter and never trailed. Martin ran for 196 yards and a touchdown, as well as a touchdown reception, and was an opening day record for Jets running backs. Quarterback Chad Pennington, making his first opening day start in his career, threw for 224 yards and two touchdowns and was an efficient 20-for-27 passing.
Week 2: at San Diego Chargers.
The Jets got out to a 20-point lead before holding off a second-half comeback by San Diego. Two Curtis Martin touchdowns helped stake New York to a 17–0 lead, which grew to 27–7 after a field goal and a touchdown pass from Chad Pennington to Jerald Sowell. The Chargers finally responded late in the third quarter with a four-yard touchdown run from LaDainian Tomlinson, followed by a 33-yard touchdown pass from quarterback Drew Brees to Reche Caldwell. A one-yard touchdown pass from Pennington to Chris Baker in the fourth quarter put the game out of reach for San Diego.
Martin’s 119 yards made him the Jets’ all-time rushing leader, passing Freeman McNeil's mark of 8,074 yards.
Week 4: at Miami Dolphins.
The Dolphins were looking for their first win while the Jets were looking to stay undefeated. Midway through the first quarter, Santana Moss returned a punt 24 yards to set up a 1-yard touchdown run by Curtis Martin. The Dolphins responded with 2 field goals. Leading 10–6 late in the 2nd quarter, Jets quarterback Chad Pennington was picked off by Arturo Freeman to set up a third Olindo Mare field goal and a 10–9 deficit. On Miami’s opening drive of the second half, quarterback Jay Fielder was intercepted by Donnie Abraham who returned in 66 yards for a touchdown putting the Jets ahead 17–9. That was all the cushion the Jets would need as the defense went on the force 3 more turnovers and hold on to beat the Dolphins keeping them undefeated at 3–0
Week 5: vs. Buffalo Bills.
The Jets looked to go 4–0, while the Bills looked for their first win of the year. The Jets started off strong with a 61-yard drive to the Bills 11, however Doug Brien’s 29-yard field goal attempt on 4th down was wide left. Both teams traded punts before the Jets went on a 79-yard drive which took 4:12 off the clock and ended on a Chris Baker 1-yard touchdown reception from Pennington. Both teams traded punts once again before the Jets advanced to the Bills 19 and Doug Brien nailed a 37-yard field goal seconds before halftime. With 6:56 left in the 3rd Pennington hit Wayne Chrebet on a 27-yard catch which set up a 36-yard field goal by Brien. After a Bills punt Pennington led the Jets down the field before he was intercepted by Jeff Posey. The Bills then advanced 53 yards before Bledsoe hit Mark Campbell on a 16-yard touchdown. After a Jets punt, Bledsoe led the Bills on a 63-yard drive capped off on a 46-yard Lee Evans touchdown giving them the 14–13 lead with 6:58 left in the game. However, the Jets wouldn’t go down and went on a 60-yard drive which ended on a game winning Doug Brien 38-yard field goal with 59 seconds left in the game. The Bills were able to get to their own 48-yard line before Bledsoe threw a game sealing interception to Terrell Buckley with 2 seconds remaining in the game.
Week 6: vs. San Francisco 49ers.
After the 1–4 Niners jumped to a 14–0 lead, the Jets clawed back as Lamont Jordan and Curtis Martin touchdowns (marred by two failed 2-point attempts) iced a 22–14 Jets lead and a 5–0 record.
Week 7: at New England Patriots.
The Jets’ win streak ended in a 13–7 finalé and the Patriots’ league-record win streak reached 21 as David Patten’s touchdown catch from Tom Brady wrapped up the second quarter. From there neither team could score: the second half saw seven punts, a Dan Klecko fumble, and a failed fourth down attempt by the Jets.
Week 8: vs. Miami Dolphins.
The Jets hosted the Dolphins on "Monday Night Football" and rebounded from their first loss of the year to pummel Miami 41–14. Chad Pennington had three touchdown throws while Curtis Martin and Lamont Jordan added rushing scores; the Jets also intercepted Jay Fiedler twice.
Week 9: at Buffalo Bills.
Willis McGahee led the Bills offense with 132 rushing yards and a touchdown as the Bills upended the Jets 22–17. Drew Bledsoe had 184 passing yards and a score (to Lee Evans) while Chad Pennington had one touchdown and one pick; he had to come out and former Cowboy Quincy Carter completed two passes, one of them a 51-yard score to Santana Moss.
Week 10: vs. Baltimore Ravens.
With Carter starting for injured Pennington, the Jets rushed to a 14–0 early lead on two Curtis Martin touchdowns, but Kyle Boller led the Ravens to a 17–14 lead on two touchdowns to Clarence Moore. The Jets tied it and in overtime Matt Stover won it for the Ravens (20–17 final) from 42 yards out.
Week 11: at Cleveland Browns.
On a fourth quarter touchdown to Justin McCareins, Quincy Carter got his first win since his last season in Dallas as the Jets edged the Browns 10–7. Jeff Garcia managed a three-yard score to Aaron Shea but managed only 88 passing yards.
Week 12: at Arizona Cardinals.
Former Dallas Cowboys Quincy Carter of the Jets and Emmitt Smith of the Cardinals squared off in a 13–3 Jets win. Carter had a 69-yard touchdown to Santana Moss while Smith was held to just 21 yards amid four Cardinals turnovers (two of them interceptions by Josh McCown).
Week 13: vs. Houston Texans.
Chad Pennington returned and threw for 155 yards and two touchdowns as the Jets crushed the Texans 29–7, picking off David Carr twice.
Week 14: at Pittsburgh Steelers.
The Steelers’ win streak under rookie Ben Roethlisberger continued as “Big Ben” threw for just 144 yards (and was intercepted twice), but the Jets performed worse; the Steelers intercepted Chad Pennington three times and the Jets committed twelve penalties (to two for Pittsburgh) as the Steelers won 17–6. Jerome Bettis ran in one touchdown and threw once for ten yards.
Week 15: vs. Seattle Seahawks.
The Jets exploded to five touchdowns, three by Chad Pennington with a missed PAT and two rushing scores by Curtis Martin to rout the Seahawks 37–14; they gained 482 yards of offense to 275 yards for the Seahawks.
Week 16: vs. New England Patriots.
New York area media had been critical of the Jets for their inability to beat quality opponents; Kevin Mawae and Pennington were sharp in responses to media criticism (said Mawae following the Jets’ win over Houston, referencing New York’s earlier defeat of the Chargers, “San Diego is 9–3. We’re 9–3. Is San Diego not a good team?”), but they fell flat against the Patriots, themselves smarting from an ugly loss in Miami the week earlier. Tom Brady had two touchdowns and Pennington was picked off twice as the Patriots won 23-7; the loss prevented the Jets from clinching a playoff spot.
Week 17: at St. Louis Rams.
The Jets clinched a playoff spot despite failing 32–29 in overtime; they erased a 21–10 Rams lead as Chad Pennington and three Jets backs led by Curtis Martin’s 153 yards almost evenly split 361 yards in the air and on the ground. Marc Bulger managed by himself to outgain the entire Jet offense with 450 passing yards and three touchdowns despite two picks.
Postseason.
Game summaries.
AFC Wild Card Playoffs: at (4) San Diego Chargers.
The Jets came into the game having lost 2 straight while San Diego was on a roll. The Jets started out the game well driving down the field on their opening drive only to see kicker Doug Brien miss a 33-yard field goal wide right. In the second quarter, Chargers quarterback Drew Brees found receiver Keenan McCardell for a 26-yard touchdown pass to give San Diego a 7–0. The Jets responded as Jets quarterback Chad Pennington found Anthony Becht for a 13-yard touchdown pass to tie the game. New York kept the momentum into the 3rd quarter as Santana Moss pulled in a perfect 46-yard touchdown pass from Pennington to give the Jets a 14–7 lead. The teams traded field goals. Then San Diego got the ball back with under 5:00 to play. The Chargers drove down to the Jets 3-yard line but faced a 4th and goal at the 3. Brees’ desperation pass was knocked down for an apparent Jets’ victory. However, a roughing the passer penalty on linebacker Eric Barton gave the Chargers a second chance, which they quickly seized as Brees found Antonio Gates for a 1-yard touchdown pass to send the game into overtime. 10 minutes into the extra period the Chargers were in position to win the game off the foot of rookie kicker Nate Kaeding. However, his 40-yard field goal sailed wide right as the Jets took advantage of their second chance driving down to the San Diego 8. Doug Brien connected on a 28-yard field goal to give the Jets the win and in the process advancing them to the next round to face the Steelers. Pennington’s numbers were very impressive as he was 23 of 33 for 279 and 2 TDs. Brees was 31 of 42 for 319 yards, 2 TDs and 1 interception.
AFC Divisional Round: at (1) Pittsburgh Steelers.
The Pittsburgh Steelers were looking to make it 15 straight victories as they hosted the New York Jets in the AFC Divisional Round. Pittsburgh started out well as Jeff Reed hit a 45-yard field goal then Jerome Bettis plowed into the endzone from 3 yards out to give Pittsburgh a 10–0 lead. But New York stormed back. Following a field goal by kicker Doug Brien, Santana Moss took a punt return 75 yards for a touchdown to tie the game. Then late in the third quarter Reggie Tongue intercepted Ben Roethlisberger and returned it 86 yards for a touchdown to give the Jets a 17–10 lead. Pittsburgh responded midway through the fourth quarter as Hines Ward scored on a shovel pass to tie the game. Chad Pennington and the Jets offense was shut down for most of the game however drove down the field on the ensuing drive only to see it come to a disappointing halt as Doug Brien’s 47 field goal attempt hit the crossbar and falling just short. But on the very next play, Roethlisberger was picked off by David Barrett. Doug Brien was given a chance to win the game on the last play of regulation but missed the 43-yard kick wide left sending the game into overtime. In overtime, Roethlisberger drove the Steelers 73 yards on 13 plays. Jeff Reed then connected on a 33-yard field goal, handing the Jets a defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="7013064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013064" title="Thomas Hines">
Thomas Hines

Thomas Henry Hines (October 8, 1838 – January 23, 1898) was a Confederate cavalryman who was known for his espionage activities during the last two years of the American Civil War.
A native of Butler County, Kentucky, he initially worked as a grammar instructor, mainly at the Masonic University of La Grange, Kentucky. During the first year of the war, he was a field officer, initiating several raids. He was an assistant to John Hunt Morgan, doing a preparatory raid (Hines' Raid) in advance of Morgan's Raid through the states of Indiana and Ohio, and after being captured with Morgan, organized their escape from the Ohio Penitentiary. He was then granted secret authorisation, following the Dahlgren Affair, by Jefferson Davis and his cabinet to unleash total war behind Union lines. From a secret base at Toronto in Upper Canada, Hines oversaw Confederate Secret Service covert operations with Copperhead Democrat leaders Harrison H. Dodd and Clement Vallandigham for arson, state terrorism, guerrilla warfare, and pro-Confederate regime change uprisings by the paramilitary Order of the Sons of Liberty against pro-Union governors throughout the Old Northwest.
Hines made narrow, unlikely escapes on several occasions during the war. At one point, he concealed himself in a mattress that was being used at the time; on another occasion, he was confused for the actor and assassin John Wilkes Booth, a dangerous case of mistaken identity that forced him to flee Detroit in April 1865 by holding a ferry captain at gunpoint. Union agents viewed Hines as the man they most needed to apprehend, but apart from the time he served at the Ohio Penitentiary in late 1863, he was never captured.
After the war, once it was safe for him to return to his native Kentucky, he settled down with much of his family in Bowling Green. He started practicing law, which led him to serve on the Kentucky Court of Appeals, eventually becoming its chief justice. Later, he practiced law in Frankfort, Kentucky, until he died in 1898, keeping many of the secrets of Confederate espionage from public knowledge.
Early life.
Hines was born in Butler County, Kentucky, on October 8, 1838, to Judge Warren W. and Sarah Carson Hines and was raised in Warren County, Kentucky. While his education was largely informal, he spent some time in common schools. He was tall, and weighed a mere . With his slender build, Hines was described as rather benign in appearance, and a friend observed that he had a voice resembling a "refined woman". He was said to love women, music, and horses fondly.
He became an adjunct professor at the Masonic University, a school established by the Grand Lodge of Kentucky Freemasons for teaching the orphans of Kentucky Masons in La Grange in 1859. He was the principal of its grammar school, but with the advent of the war, he joined the Confederate States Army in September 1861.
American Civil War.
Early war experiences.
Hines joined the Confederate army, as did at least eleven cousins. Hines initially led "Buckner's Guides", which were attached to Albert Sidney Johnston's command, as his fellow guides recognized his "coolness and leadership". In November 1861, he was given a lieutenant's commission. On December 31, 1861, he led a successful mission to Borah's Ferry, Kentucky, to attack a Union outpost there.
The Guides were disbanded in January 1862 after the Confederate government of Kentucky fled Bowling Green; Hines did not want to fight anywhere except in Kentucky. He traveled to Richmond, Virginia, and missed the Battle of Shiloh as a result. In April, Hines decided to join Brig. Gen. John Hunt Morgan, and he re-enlisted in the army as a private in the 9th Kentucky Cavalry in May 1862. Morgan commissioned Hines as a captain on June 10, 1862. Afterward, Hines spent most of his time conducting espionage in Kentucky. Dressed in civilian clothes, he usually operated alone to avoid drawing attention to himself, not wanting to be executed as a spy.
Hines made special trips to see loved ones on his forays in Kentucky. Often, it was to visit Nancy Sproule, his childhood sweetheart and future bride, in Brown's Lock, near Bowling Green. On other occasions, he visited his parents in Lexington, Kentucky. In both places, U.S. authorities attempted to capture Hines, but he always escaped, even after his father had been captured and his mother was sick in bed.
1863.
In June 1863, Hines led an invasion into Indiana with 25 Confederates posing as a U.S. unit in pursuit of deserters. Their goal was to see if the local Copperheads would support the invasion that John Hunt Morgan planned for July 1863. Traveling through Kentucky for eight days to obtain supplies for their mission, they crossed the Ohio River to enter Indiana, near the village of Derby, on June 18, 1863. Hines visited the local Copperhead leader, Dr. William A. Bowles, in French Lick, and learned that there would be no formal support for Morgan's Raid. On his way back to Kentucky, Hines and his men were discovered in Valeene, Indiana, leading to a minor skirmish near Leavenworth, Indiana, on Little Blue Island. Hines abandoned his men, swimming across the Ohio River under gunfire.
After wandering around Kentucky for a week, Hines rejoined Morgan at Brandenburg, Kentucky. Colonel Basil W. Duke made a disparaging comment in his memoirs about how Hines appeared on the Brandenburg riverfront, saying Hines was "apparently the most listless inoffensive youth that was ever imposed upon"; despite being Morgan's second-in-command, Duke was usually not told of all the espionage Hines was carrying out, causing some to believe that Hines and Duke did not like each other, which was not the case.
It was due to Hines that the riverboats "Alice Dean" and the "John T. McCombs" were captured to transport Morgan's 2000+ men force across the Ohio River. Hines' reports encouraged Morgan to be rough with anyone posing as a Confederate sympathizer in Indiana, as Morgan had been relying on support from sympathizers in Indiana to be successful in his raid. Hines stayed with Morgan until the end of the raid and was with John Hunt Morgan during their imprisonment as prisoners of war, first at Johnson's Island, and later at the Ohio Penitentiary just outside downtown Columbus, Ohio.
Escape.
Hines discovered a way to escape from the Ohio Penitentiary. He had been reading the novel "Les Misérables" and was said to be inspired by Jean Valjean and Valjean's escapes through the passages underneath Paris. Hines noticed how dry the lower prison cells felt and how they were lacking in mold, even though sunlight never shined there. This caused him to believe that escape by tunneling down was possible. After discovering an air chamber underneath them, which he had deduced, Hines began the tunneling effort. The tunnel was only eighteen inches wide, just large enough for him to enter the four-foot by four-foot air chamber surrounded by heavy masonry. As Hines and the six others who accompanied Hines and John Hunt Morgan worked on the tunnel, a thin crust of dirt was used to hide the tunnel from the prison officials. They tunneled for six weeks, with the tunnel's exit coming between the inner and the outer prison walls, near a coal pile. On the day of escape, November 26, 1863, Morgan switched cells with his brother, Richard Morgan. The day was chosen as a new Union military commander was coming to Columbus, and Morgan knew the prison cells would be inspected then. Together, after the daily midnight inspection, Hines, John Hunt Morgan, and five captains under Morgan's command used the tunnel to escape. Aided by the fact that the prison sentries sought shelter from the raging storm occurring at the time, the Confederate officers climbed the wall effortlessly, using metal hooks to effect their escape.
Hines left a note for "Warden N. Merion, the Faithful, the Vigilant" that read, "Castle Merion, Cell No. 20. November 27, 1863. Commencement, November 4, 1863. Conclusion, November 20, 1863. Hours for labor per day, three. Tools, two small knives. "La patience est amere, mais son fruit est doux." By order of my six honorable confederates." Those left behind were strip searched and moved to different cells in the Ohio State Penitentiary. Two of the officers who escaped with Hines and Morgan, Ralph Sheldon and Samuel Taylor, were captured four days later in Louisville, Kentucky. Still, the other three (Captain Jacob Bennett, Captain L. D. Hockersmith, and Captain Augustus Magee) escaped to Canada and the Confederacy.
Hines led John Hunt Morgan back to Confederate lines. First, they arrived at the train station in downtown Columbus, where they bought tickets to Cincinnati, Ohio. The duo jumped off the train before it entered the Cincinnati train station. They continued to evade capture in Cincinnati, staying for one night at the Ben Johnson House in Bardstown, Kentucky. In Tennessee, Hines diverted the Union troops' attention away from Morgan and was himself recaptured and sentenced to death by hanging. He escaped that night by telling stories to the soldier in charge of him and subdued him when given the chance. A few days later, he again escaped U.S. soldiers who intended to hang him.
Northwest Conspiracy.
Hines traveled to Richmond, Virginia, after his escape in January 1864. He convinced Confederate President Jefferson Davis of a plan to instill mass panic in the northern states by freeing prisoners and systematic arson in the larger U.S. cities. Impressed by Hines' plan and wishing to retaliate for the Dahlgren affair, Davis agreed to back him. Davis urged Hines to tell Secretary of State Judah P. Benjamin and Secretary of War James Seddon his plan. Both men agreed to the project and encouraged Hines to proceed, with the only hesitation by Davis, Benjamin, and Sheldon being the potentially damaging effect on public opinion of the exposure of such a plan, including what Great Britain and the Second French Empire would think of Hines' actions.
Hines thought entering the Union from Canada would be easier and traveled there during the winter. Hines led the Northwest Conspiracy from Canada in the fall of 1864. Colonel Benjamin Anderson was involved in the plot, along with other Confederate soldiers. It was hoped that Hines and his men would be able to free the Confederate prisoners held at Camp Douglas in Chicago, Illinois.
Hines led sixty men from Toronto, Ontario, on August 25, 1864. They arrived during the Democratic Party National Convention in Chicago that year. The Copperheads had told Hines to wait until that time, as they said that 50,000 Copperheads would be there for the event. However, encountering Copperhead hesitation to assist Hines and his force, and with U.S. authorities knowledgeable of the plot, Hines and his men were forced to flee Chicago on August 30, 1864. Many men thought Anderson may have been a double agent, forcing him to leave the group. A second attempt to free the Camp Douglas Confederate prisoners occurred during the United States Presidential Election of 1864, but that plan was also foiled.
In the same year, he tried to free Confederate prisoners of war by recruiting former members of Morgan's Raiders who had escaped to Canada, including John Hunt Morgan's telegrapher George "Lightning" Ellsworth, who was a native of Canada. On his last day in Chicago, Hines had to avoid discovery by U.S. soldiers inspecting the home he was hiding in by crawling into a mattress upon which the homeowner's wife lay ill with delirium. The soldiers inspected the house he was in and even checked to see if Hines was lying on the bed, but they did not discover Hines in the mattress. The soldiers established a guard by the door of the house. Visitors were encouraged to visit the sick woman as it rained the next day. The soldiers never looked at the faces under the umbrellas, so Hines sneaked out of the house and left Chicago.
Late war.
In October 1864, Hines again went to Cincinnati after crossing covertly through Indiana, where U.S. troops sought him again. This time, with the help of friends whose home he hid in, Hines concealed himself in an old closet obscured by mortar and red bricks, where he avoided detection by the troops who inspected the house. Hines learned there that his beloved Nancy Sproule was in an Ohio convent. He decided to "spirit" her from it. On November 10, 1864, at St. Mary's Catholic Church in Covington, Kentucky, they were married, despite her father's wishes to wait until the war was over due to Hines' wartime activities. They spent a week's honeymoon in Kentucky, after which Hines returned to his clandestine activities in Canada.
Two days after Lincoln's assassination, on April 16, 1865, Hines was in Detroit, Michigan, when he was mistaken for John Wilkes Booth, who was then the subject of a massive search. After finding himself in a fight, Hines jumped several fences and made his way to Detroit's wharf. He waited for a ferryboat to empty its passengers and then forced the captain at gunpoint to take him across the Detroit River to Canada. On arrival, Hines apologized to the captain and gave him five dollars. Hines' exploit led to the mistaken rumor that Booth had escaped into Canada.
Later life.
After he fled Detroit, Hines went to Toronto, where several other former Confederates lived. He did not expect to return to the United States, so he sent for his wife, Nancy. In Toronto, he studied law with General John C. Breckinridge, a former Vice President of the United States. Once U.S. President Andrew Johnson declared a pardon for most former Confederates, Hines returned to Detroit to sign a loyalty oath to the United States on July 20, 1865. However, knowing that U.S. officials in Kentucky would consider him an exception to the pardon, he remained in Canada until May 1866.
After sending his wife to Kentucky, where their first child was born, Hines began living in Memphis, Tennessee, passing the bar exam on June 12, 1866, with high honors. During his stay in Memphis, he edited the "Daily Appeal". Hines moved to Bowling Green, Kentucky, in 1867, where many of his family lived and practiced law. Basil W. Duke appointed Hines a colonel in the Soldiers of the Red Cross. Hines later became the County Judge for Warren County, Kentucky.
Hines was elected to the Kentucky Court of Appeals in 1878 and served there until 1886. From 1884 to 1886, he served as Chief Justice. He was said to be "exceptionally free from all judicial bias." Hines was a witness to the assassination of fellow judge John Milton Elliott on March 26, 1879, while the two were leaving the Kentucky State House, by Colonel Thomas Buford, a judge from Henry County, Kentucky. Buford, enraged by Elliott's failure to rule in favor of his late sister in a property dispute, shot Elliott with a double-barreled twelve-gauge shotgun filled with buckshot after Hines had turned and walked away from Elliott. Hines inspected the body as Buford surrendered to a deputy sheriff who had come to investigate the turmoil.
After his time on the Kentucky Court of Appeals, Hines returned to practicing law in Frankfort, Kentucky. In 1886, Hines began writing four articles discussing the Northwest Conspiracy for Basil W. Duke's "Southern Bivouac" magazine. The magazine espoused the Lost Cause of the Confederacy but was less adversarial than similar Neo-Confederate magazines, gaining a larger Northern readership than similar journals. The first of the articles was printed in the December 1886 issue. However, after consulting with Jefferson Davis at Davis' home in Mississippi, Hines did not name anybody on the Northern side who assisted in the conspiracy. After writing the first article, Hines was attacked for not being more forthcoming regarding all the participants from both newspapers' reviewers (particularly from the "Louisville Times)" and Southern readers, which discouraged Hines from publishing any more accounts of the Northwest Conspiracy.
Hines died in 1898 in Frankfort and was buried in Fairview Cemetery in Bowling Green, Kentucky, in the Hines series of plots. Also among the Hines family plots is the grave site of Duncan Hines, a second cousin twice removed.
Misinformation.
Historical markers concerning Hines' deeds have occasionally included mistaken information. The historical marker placed by the Indiana Civil War Centennial Commission in 1963 in the vicinity of Derby, Perry County, Indiana, to memorialize Hines' entry into Indiana states that Hines invaded Indiana in 1862, although he did so in 1863. In addition, a marker by the Confederate Monument of Bowling Green in Bowling Green's Fairview Cemetery says that Hines died before he could go to the dedication ceremony in 1876 when, in reality, he died in 1898 and is buried a few hundred feet away.

</doc>
<doc id="7013068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013068" title="Madison South, Portland, Oregon">
Madison South, Portland, Oregon

Madison South is a neighborhood in the Northeast section of Portland, Oregon. It is bordered by the Roseway, Sumner, Cully, Parkrose, Montavilla, and Rose City Park neighborhoods, and by the enclave city of Maywood Park. The neighborhood roughly conforms to the boundaries of Interstate 84 to the south, Interstate 205 to the east, NE Sandy Boulevard to the north, and NE 65th Avenue to the west.
Notable features of Madison South include Rocky Butte, an inactive volcanic cinder cone; the Grotto, a Catholic nature sanctuary; and the Alameda Ridge, a gravel bar left over from the Missoula Floods. Notable structures include McDaniel High School, Roseway Heights Middle School, the MAX Light Rail NE 82nd Ave Station, and the former international headquarters of Banfield Pet Hospitals.

</doc>
<doc id="7013069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013069" title="1940 Virginia state highway renumbering">
1940 Virginia state highway renumbering

In late 1940, the Commonwealth of Virginia renumbered some of its state highways in order to provide continuous numbers across state lines. At the same time, Maryland, North Carolina, and West Virginia took part by renumbering some of their highways to match Virginia's, and Tennessee planned to renumber one of its highways but never did.
List of renumbered routes.
State Route 3 was eliminated northwest of Sperryville by State Route 261 (now State Route 739) and State Route 522 (a placeholder for the extension of U.S. Route 522 into Virginia).
State Route 4, which had not existed immediately prior to 1940, was assigned as a renumbering of State Route 84 to match Kentucky Route 4. This is now U.S. Route 460.
State Route 7 was eliminated northwest of Winchester and replaced by State Route 522 (a placeholder for the extension of U.S. Route 522 into Virginia).
Former State Route 9 was split between State Route 120 and State Route 123. The State Route 9 designation was then used as a renumbering of State Route 238 to match West Virginia Route 9.
State Route 10 south of Suffolk became State Route 32 to match North Carolina Highway 32.
U.S. Route 15 was relocated between Warrenton and Gilberts Corner. The old alignment became an extension of State Route 17 (to match Maryland Route 17), while the new alignment replaced a secondary route and part of State Route 234.
Former State Route 16 was renumbered State Route 27. This allowed State Route 16 to be used for all of former State Route 92 from North Carolina to Mouth of Wilson, followed US 58 to Volney, State Route 88 from Volney to Tazewell, and part of former State Route 81 from Tazewell to West Virginia. In North Carolina, North Carolina Highway 16 was rerouted over former North Carolina Highway 681 to match, while the former NC 16 to Tennessee became North Carolina Highway 88. West Virginia Route 12, at least near the Virginia line, became an extension of West Virginia Route 16.
State Route 17, which continued U.S. Route 17 northwest from Fredericksburg to Opal, was extended over U.S. Route 15 from Opal to Warrenton, former US 15 from Warrenton to Middleburg, secondary routes from Middleburg to south of Purcellville, and the northern piece of State Route 234 through Purcellville to Maryland. This is now U.S. Route 17, State Route 245, secondary routes, and State Route 287. Maryland swapped its Maryland Route 17 and Maryland Route 33 to match; SR 287's connection in Maryland is still MD 17. (The number 33 could not be used in Virginia because of U.S. Route 33.)
State Route 27 was renumbered as State Route 170. On the North Carolina side, North Carolina Highway 170, which had ended at Sligo, was extended north along former North Carolina Highway 34. This is now State Route 168 and North Carolina Highway 168. The State Route 27 designation was reused for former State Route 16.
State Route 32 had run from Boykins west to Emporia, north to Purdy, and east through Jarratt. A short piece from Boykins to Branchville became an extension of State Route 195, which had ended at Branchville. SR 32 from Branchville to Purdy became a new State Route 88, and the piece east from Purdy became an extension of State Route 137. This had the effect of freeing up the State Route 32 designation for a renumbering of State Route 10 south of Suffolk to match North Carolina Highway 32.
State Route 34, which had run from Kenbridge via Lawrenceville to North Carolina, was eliminated. It became State Route 46 to match North Carolina Highway 46, but was realigned to end at Blackstone rather than Kenbridge; State Route 137 (which had run to Blackstone) was rerouted over former SR 34 to Kenbridge.
State Route 37, from Petersburg east to Garysville, was renumbered State Route 106. This freed up State Route 37 (now U.S. Route 13) to match North Carolina Highway 37, replacing all of State Route 53.
State Route 38 was extended northwest from Amelia along former State Route 49 to Tobaccoville. This eliminated an overlap with SR 49 and U.S. Route 360 southwest of Amelia; SR 49 north of Tobaccoville was replaced by the extension of U.S. Route 522 into Virginia.
State Route 39, from near Wylliesburg north to Pamplin City, became an extension of State Route 47. This freed up State Route 39 as a renumbering of State Route 501 (an extension of US 501) to match West Virginia Route 39; West Virginia was "not... able to change location of Rt. 501 through their State." The original plan would have left Routes 39 and 501 unchanged.
State Route 46, from Barnes Junction to Boydton, became part of an extension of State Route 47 from Barnes Junction to Chase City and a new State Route 92 from Chase City to Boydton. The State Route 46 designation was thus freed to match North Carolina Highway 46 as a renumbering of State Route 34, but the north end was swapped with State Route 137 to end at Blackstone rather than Kenbridge.
State Route 47, which had run from South Hill west to Chase City, was extended west over part of State Route 46 to Barnes Junction, north over U.S. Route 15 to near Wylliesburg, and north replacing all of State Route 39 to Pamplin City. This allowed State Route 39 to be used to match West Virginia Route 39. The original plan would have left Route 47 unchanged.
State Route 49, which had run north to Flint Hill, was greatly truncated to Burkeville; most of the old route, from near Powhatan north to Culpeper, became part of State Route 522 (a placeholder for the extension of U.S. Route 522). The non-concurrent piece between Burkeville and near Powhatan became an extension of State Route 38; the piece north of Culpeper became an extension of State Route 242. At the south end, SR 49 was truncated to Virgilina and taken to the North Carolina line there; the former route west from Virgilina became a new State Route 96. North Carolina Highway 49 was extended from Charlotte all the way to the state line, replacing many routes including most of North Carolina Highway 144.
State Route 53 was renumbered State Route 37 to match North Carolina Highway 37.
U.S. Route 58 was relocated to a new alignment between Damascus and Mouth of Wilson, replacing State Route 305. The old route mainly became part of State Route 91 from Damascus to Lodi, State Route 81 from Lodi to near Troutdale, and State Route 16 (both renumbered and lengthened from former State Route 81 and State Route 88) from Troutdale to Mouth of Wilson.
State Route 59 was renumbered as State Route 83 to match West Virginia Route 83, and State Route 59 was used on former State Route 261 to match West Virginia Route 59.
State Route 64, from the Tennessee state line to Lebanon, was renumbered as part of a realigned State Route 71 from Lebanon to Dickensonville, overlapped US 58 from Dickensonville to St. Paul, State Route 70 from St. Paul to east of Dryden, State Route 65 from east of Dryden to Pennington Gap, State Route 70 from Pennington Gap to Tennessee. State Route 64 was used on the old route of State Route 71 from Dickensonville to Hansonville, and on former State Route 70 from Banners Corner to Fremont.
State Route 65, from Dot to Kentucky, was renumbered as part of State Route 66 to match Kentucky, and State Route 65 was used to replace part of State Route 64 from east of Dryden to Woodway.
State Route 66, from east of Dryden to Pennington Gap, was renumbered as part of State Route 70, and State Route 66 was used on former State Route 70 from Banners Corner to Pattonsville, and State Route 65, from Dot to Kentucky to match Kentucky Route 66.
State Route 67 was renumbered as State Route 160 to match Kentucky Route 160, and State Route 67 was used on former State Route 83.
State Route 70 was renumbered as State Route 66, from Pattonsville to Banners Corner and as State Route 64 from Banners Corner to Fremont, and State Route 70 was used on former State Route 64 from St. Paul to east of Dryden, State Route 66 from east of Dryden to Pennington Gap, and State Route 64 from Pennington Gap to Tennessee to match Tennessee State Route 70.
State Route 71 was realigned over State Route 64 from Dickensonville to Lebanon. The section of State Route 71 from Dickensonville to Hansonville was renumbered as State Route 64.
State Route 75 was renumbered as State Route 77, and State Route 75 was reused on former State Route 77 to match Tennessee State Route 75.
State Route 77 was renumbered as State Route 75 to match Tennessee State Route 75, and State Route 77 was reused on former State Route 75.
State Route 78 was renumbered as part of State Route 91, and State Route 78 was used on former State Route 87.
State Route 81 was renumbered as part of State Route 91 from Lodi to Frog Level, and part of State Route 16 from Tazewell to West Virginia, and State Route 81 was used on the former alignment of U.S. Route 58 from Lodi to Troutdale, and State Route 91 from Cedar Springs to Speedwell.
State Route 83 was renumbered as State Route 67, and State Route 83 was used on former State Route 59 to match West Virginia Route 83.
State Route 84 was renumbered as State Route 4 to match Kentucky Route 4, and State Route 84 was used on former State Route 271 to match West Virginia Route 84.
State Route 87 was renumbered as State Route 78, and State Route 87 was used on former State Route 106 to match North Carolina Highway 87.
State Route 88 from Volney to Tazewell was renumbered as part of State Route 16, and State Route 88 was used as a renumbering of the portion of State Route 32 from Branchville to Purdy.
State Route 89, which had not existed immediately prior to 1940, was assigned as a renumbering of State Route 96 to match North Carolina Highway 89.
State Route 91 was renumbered as State Route 81, and State Route 91 was used on former State Route 81 from Frog Level to Lodi, former U.S. Route 58 from Lodi to Damascus and former State Route 78 from Damascus to Tennessee to match Tennessee State Route 91.
State Route 92 from North Carolina to Mouth of Wilson was renumbered as part of State Route 16 to match North Carolina Highway 16, and State Route 92 was used on part of former State Route 46 from Chase City to Boydton.
State Route 96 was renumbered as State Route 89 to match North Carolina Highway 89, and State Route 96 was used on the portion of State Route 49 west of Virgilina to match North Carolina Highway 96 (which was renumbered from North Carolina Highway 562).
State Route 106 was renumbered as State Route 87 to match North Carolina Highway 87, and State Route 106 was used on former State Route 37.
State Route 120 was renumbered as State Route 245, and State Route 120 was used on part of former State Route 9.
State Route 123 was renumbered as State Route 320, and State Route 123 was used on part of former State Route 9.
State Route 137 was realigned over part of State Route 34 from Danieltown to Kenbridge and extended over part of State Route 32 from Purdy east through Jarratt. The old route from Danieltown to Blackstone was renumbered as part of State Route 46. (which replaced the remainder of State Route 34).
U.S. Route 258 was created in Virginia, replacing the section of U.S. Route 158 (which was rerouted so that it no longer goes through Virginia) northeast of Murfreesboro in Virginia, and State Route 158 was renumbered as State Route 258 to match the highway number (which became part of US 258 in 1945), and State Route 258 was renumbered as State Route 158.
State Route 160 was renumbered as State Route 271, and State Route 160 was used on former State Route 67 to match Kentucky Route 160.
State Route 170 was renumbered as State Route 238. State Route 170 was reused on former State Route 27 to match North Carolina Highway 170.
State Route 195 extended east from Branchville to Boykins over part of State Route 32.
State Route 207 was truncated to Bowling Green. North of there was renumbered as State Route 301 (a placeholder for the extension of US 301).
The section of State Route 234 from Purcellville to Maryland was renumbered as part of the new State Route 17. State Route 234 was instead realigned northwest, replacing former SR 734 from Aldie to Bluemont, and former State Route 245 from Bluemont to State Route 7.
State Route 238 was renumbered as State Route 9 to match West Virginia Route 9. State Route 238 was used on former State Route 170.
State Route 242 was extended south from Flint Hill along former State Route 49 to Culpeper.
State Route 245, from State Route 7 to Bluemont, was renumbered as part of State Route 234, and State Route 245 was used on former State Route 120.
U.S. Route 258 was created in Virginia, replacing the section of U.S. Route 158 (which was rerouted so that it no longer goes through Virginia) northeast of Murfreesboro in Virginia, and State Route 158 was renumbered as State Route 258 to match the highway number (which became part of US 258 in 1945). As a result, State Route 258 was renumbered as State Route 158.
State Route 259 was extended over State Route 275 from West Virginia to Gore to match West Virginia Route 259 (which replaced West Virginia Route 58).
State Route 261 was renumbered as State Route 59 to match West Virginia Route 59, and State Route 261 was reassigned on a former portion of State Route 3.
State Route 271 was renumbered as State Route 84 to match West Virginia Route 84, and State Route 271 was used on former State Route 160.
State Route 275, from West Virginia to Gore, was renumbered as an extended State Route 259 to match West Virginia Route 259.
State Route 301, which had not existed immediately prior to 1940, was assigned as a placeholder for the extension of U.S. Route 301 into Virginia, following U.S. Route 1 from Petersburg to Richmond, State Route 2 from Richmond to Bowling Green, and State Route 207 from Bowling Green to Maryland to match Maryland Route 301.
State Route 305, from Damascus to Mouth of Wilson, was eliminated and transferred to a rerouted US 58.
State Route 320, which had not existed immediately prior to 1940, was assigned as a renumbering of State Route 123.
State Route 501, an extension of US 501, was renumbered as State Route 39 to match West Virginia Route 39; the original plans had this staying 501, but West Virginia was "not... able to change location of Rt. 501 through their State."
State Route 522, which had not existed immediately prior to 1940, was assigned as a placeholder for the extension of U.S. Route 522 into Virginia, replacing part of State Route 7 from West Virginia to Winchester, part of State Route 3 from Winchester to Sperryville, and part of State Route 49 from Culpeper to Powhatan to match West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="7013074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013074" title="State Route 3 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 3 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="7013075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013075" title="State Route 7 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 7 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="7013077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013077" title="State Route 120 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 120 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="7013078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013078" title="State Route 123 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 123 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="7013082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013082" title="State Route 10 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 10 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="7013086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013086" title="Sant'Elmo">
Sant'Elmo



</doc>
<doc id="7013089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013089" title="Collendina">
Collendina

Collendina is a genus of Australian "coastal scaled crickets" in the tribe Mogoplistini.
Species.
The "Orthoptera Species File" lists:

</doc>
<doc id="7013091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013091" title="North Carolina Highway 16 (1940)">
North Carolina Highway 16 (1940)



</doc>
<doc id="7013092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013092" title="North Carolina Highway 681 (pre-1940)">
North Carolina Highway 681 (pre-1940)



</doc>
<doc id="7013093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013093" title="State Route 88 (Virginia pre-1940)">
State Route 88 (Virginia pre-1940)



</doc>
<doc id="7013095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013095" title="Stanley G. Benner">
Stanley G. Benner



</doc>
<doc id="7013096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013096" title="Pride Grand Prix 2000 Opening Round">
Pride Grand Prix 2000 Opening Round



</doc>
<doc id="7013097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013097" title="Stanley Graves Benner">
Stanley Graves Benner



</doc>
<doc id="7013098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013098" title="Stanley Benner">
Stanley Benner



</doc>
<doc id="7013099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013099" title="Roseway, Portland, Oregon">
Roseway, Portland, Oregon

Roseway is a neighborhood in the Northeast section of Portland, Oregon. It is bordered by the neighborhoods Cully to the north (at NE Prescott St.) and west (at NE 62nd Ave.), Sumner to the northeast, Madison South to the east (at NE 82nd Ave.) and south (at NE Sacramento St.), and Rose City Park to the west (at NE 65th Ave.)
Roseway includes two parks: Wellington Park, acquired in 1941, and Glenhaven Park, acquired in 1948. Glenhaven is the larger of the two, and includes a skatepark, playground, fields for soccer, baseball and softball, tennis courts, disabled-access play area, restrooms, picnic tables, and a wading pool.
There are three public schools located within or adjacent to the Roseway neighborhood. These schools are Scott (K-5), Roseway Heights (6-8), and McDaniel High (9-12). The Gregory Heights branch of the Multnomah County Library is at NE 79th and Sandy.

</doc>
<doc id="7013100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013100" title="Hugh Fisher">
Hugh Fisher

Hugh Fisher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7013102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013102" title="Norman B. Rice">
Norman B. Rice



</doc>
<doc id="7013108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013108" title="2001 Panmure RSA killings">
2001 Panmure RSA killings

The 2001 Panmure RSA killings were a triple murder committed on 8 December 2001 at the Panmure RSA, in Auckland, New Zealand. The perpetrator, William Dwane Bell, had been fired by the RSA two weeks before for his behavior. He committed the murders while out on parole for a previous aggravated robbery in which he almost killed a service station attendant. Bell had more than 100 prior criminal convictions. Bell was given a 30-year minimum non-parole life sentence, at the time the longest minimum non-parole period ever given out by New Zealand.
Background.
Perpetrator.
William Dwane Bell (born 1978) grew up in Māngere, a suburb of South Auckland. His father was a gang member who had spent time in prison, a member of the Mongrel Mob, who beat Bell when he was young. He is cousins with former rugby league player, Dean Bell. His father stated that his son had told him he wanted to be a better criminal than him and that he wanted to be in a bigger gang. Bell's mother was a Māori Warden, with family ties to the Black Power gang. His parents often drank and were violent to each other, and eventually separated when he was seven years old, after which Bell began to get into trouble and be involved in petty crime. When Bell was 10, his uncle was convicted of manslaughter for stabbing someone during an alcohol binge in a Māngere home.
Previous crimes and imprisonment.
From ages nine to 17, Bell was a ward of the state and was in and out of a boys' home, this coming after an incident where Bell had stolen his father's car and driven it around town, only to be picked up by police. He began stealing cars, and his crimes soon escalated. He would impersonate security guards and cleaners, and rob elderly homes. Bell was a prostitute at age 14, and would steal the cars of the men he had sex with. His former social worker stated the longest he managed to stay out of trouble was three months. Bell would often impersonate cops and pull over drivers.
In February 1997, aged 19, Bell was turned down for a job at a service station in Māngere because he smoked cannabis. He severely attacked an attendant of the station from behind with a stolen police baton and stole the cash register drawer. The man he attacked surrendered, and told him to take the money, then moved to hide in a toilet cubicle. Bell told him, "It's not the money that matters to me...I don't want to do this, I have to". Bell smashed holes in the door with the police baton. When he left the door, the man escaped by using a chair to get past Bell. Bell was sentenced to five years and nine months in prison for aggravated robbery, the judge saying the robbery was "almost incidental" to the attack, which could have resulted in the attendant's death. After the attack Bell visited the man in hospital, pretending to be a police officer, and threatened him.
Parole.
He served most of the sentence at Auckland Prison, and was released in July 2001 after serving three-and-a-half years. Based on the law at the time, Bell was automatically released after serving two thirds of his sentence. The parole board had no say in the release, other than to set release conditions. The Board imposed five conditions, including seeing a psychologist, alcohol and drug counselling, and to work in a job approved by his probation officer. Bell had more than 100 prior criminal convictions, including theft, fraud, unlawful taking of motor vehicles, burglary, entering with intent, demands with intent to steal, aggravated robbery, presenting a firearm, impersonating police, assault, trespass, traffic and drug offences. An investigation by "The New Zealand Herald" found Bell's criminal record "cover[ed] six pages of computer printout".
Bell was assigned to the Māngere probation office which was supposed to monitor his compliance, but not one of the five conditions was met. He found a job as part of a work experience program as a barman at the RSA in Panmure but never told his probation officer. He lasted only two weeks before he was fired—other employees considered him abusive, rude, and untrustworthy. The person who fired Bell told him to "piss off" and to not come back. In November of that year, he assaulted a woman, but his probation officer did not start proceedings that could get him returned to prison. Days before the murder Bell stole goods from an engineering firm and cash from a tavern. After both robberies the staff gave descriptions of Bell to the police, including his address, phone number, and car plate number. The police classed these thefts as low priority and he was not arrested.
Murders.
Bell and Darnell Kere Tupe, his getaway driver, smoked cannabis and drank through the night before the murders, which occurred at about 8:00 a.m. the following morning. Bell also admitted he was using methamphetamine, and claimed he 'blacked out' while inside the RSA. Two months after he had been fired, on 8 December 2001, he came back to the RSA. Tupe went with him to the club but remained outside. Bell was carrying a shotgun in a guitar case, and was wearing a police shirt at the time of the killings.
He shot three people in the chest before bludgeoning them to death with the butt of the shotgun—the club president, a club member and an employee. All victims were beaten to death except one, who was shot for "trying to be a hero." He seriously injured a fourth—Susan Couch, who was also an employee at the club. Bell laughed at his victims and asked them, "Are you ladies crying?" and "You will tell it was me, won't you?" Couch, who was left bloodied and near death, received brain damage and other permanent injuries in the incident. He spent 45 minutes inside the RSA – 15 minutes robbing the building of $13,000 and 30 minutes beating the victims. He thought he would get $50,000. He took cigarettes and the earnings from the previous night, and went through the wallets of the victims for cash.
After the murders, Bell bought an article of Herald with a headline about his own crimes and kept it in his car. Bell told Tupe shortly after the murders that "We're going down for this... Oh, we're going big time for this one. I just killed three people." Bell was arrested 5 days after the murders at his mother's home.
Aftermath.
Legal proceedings.
Bell claimed others were involved in the killings. The person who gave him the shotgun and police shirt, which were not located after the killings, was not charged. Bell's girlfriend gave birth to his child while he was in custody awaiting trial. After he was sentenced, the court stated they were considering a sentence of preventative detention. The officer in charge of the murder inquiry called Bell "the closest thing I have ever seen to a psychopath". The Crown argued that Bell had spent time planning the robbery, and might have gotten the job to scout out the RSA. Bell took the witness stand in his own defence. He lied in contradiction of the evidence more than 64 times.
Bell was jailed for life, with a minimum non-parole period of 33 years initially, 5 years longer than any sentence given out by New Zealand prior. The non-parole period was reduced to 30 years on appeal. He was also sentenced to 13 years of imprisonment for attempted murder, and a concurrent 12 years for aggravated robbery. He was also found guilty for stealing $300 from the tavern. The court heard no remorse from Bell. The Court of Appeal discussed the prospect that Bell will never be released on parole. Psychological reports presented to the court showed that Bell had a high risk of violent reoffences if he was ever released. Bell's sentence was at the time the longest minimum non-parole period ever given out by New Zealand, though it was later surpassed by the sentence given to Brenton Tarrant, the perpetrator of the 2019 Christchurch terrorist attacks, who was sentenced to life without the possibility of parole.
Tupe was sentenced to 12 years for three charges of manslaughter and concurrent terms for one charge of aggravated robbery, and was released on parole in 2012. The Crown maintained that Tupe knew Bell had a gun and that the people in the club would be harmed, and went along with the robbery anyway. Tupe's supporters claimed he was illiterate and could not read or write, and his lawyer claimed that he was conned by Bell.
The Corrections Department conducted an internal inquiry to examine the management of Bell's release by the probation service. The department did not blame Bell for breaching his release conditions; it blamed understaffing, low morale and poor management within the Mangere probation service. It also blamed the police for failing to act when he committed a minor offence a month before the murders. The management of his release conditions was so poor that the department acknowledged 11 separate mistakes which they referred to as 'areas of poor management'.
Susan Couch subsequently tried to sue the Corrections Department for $2 million in damages. Eleven years after the attacks, the Department of Corrections announced it would be offering Susan Couch $300,000 in punitive damages. Couch's lawyer Brian Henry said the payment represented only $10,000 a year for 30 years. Indicating that the next battle would be with ACC, he said: "We still need to get proper compensation. In terms of negligence actions, proper compensation is $10 million." Her compensation was welcomed by victims' rights groups such as the Sensible Sentencing Trust.
Imprisonment.
On 10 December 2007, Bell was stabbed through the eye by fellow inmate Dean Joseph Shepherd. The weapon used was the sharpened corner of a file folder. Bell was treated for his wounds, which included a fractured eye socket and internal bleeding, at Auckland Hospital. Shephard was serving a life sentence with a 17 1/2 year parole period for a murder in 2004, and was sentenced to an additional ten years in prison for the attack. As this sentence was to be served concurrently with his original sentence, there is no actual difference in his amount of time served. Shephard attacked him due to the fact that Bell bragged about his crimes and made disparaging comments towards his victims.
Bell was charged in 2017 for watching a pornographic film in his cell. He was awarded $1000 in compensation in 2020 after an illegal strip search of more than 200 prisoners at Auckland Prison in 2016. Bell filed an appeal against the Department of Corrections after he was removed from a kitchen job in the prison. This came after Bell had allegedly planned to take a female guard hostage, which was denied by Bell. During a court hearing for his appeal, he apologized for his crimes, saying that he was "truly sorry" and that his actions were "reprehensible in any society". Bell lost his appeal.

</doc>
<doc id="7013113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013113" title="My Architect">
My Architect

My Architect: A Son's Journey is a 2003 documentary film about the American architect Louis Kahn (1901–1974), by his son Nathaniel Kahn, detailing the architect's extraordinary career and his familial legacy after his death in 1974.
In the film, Louis Kahn is quoted as saying “When I went to high school I had a teacher, in the arts, who was head of the department of Central High, William Grey, and he gave a course in Architecture, the only course in any high school I am sure, in Greek, Roman, Renaissance, Egyptian, and Gothic Architecture, and at that point two of my colleagues and myself realized that only Architecture was to be my life. How accidental are our existences are really, and how full of influence by circumstance.”
The film features interviews with renowned architects, including B. V. Doshi, Philip Johnson, Frank Gehry, Shamsul Wares, I.M. Pei, Moshe Safdie and Anne Tyng. Throughout the film, Kahn visits all of his father's buildings including The Yale Center for British Art, The Salk Institute, Jatiyo Sangshad Bhaban and the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad.
The film explores Kahn's family life which involved his fathering children by three different partners, each of whom was kept in the dark about the existence of his other families. Reviewing the film in "Chicago Reader", David Schwartz wrote: "This absorbing, beautiful documentary is the first-person odyssey of Nathaniel Kahn, son of legendary architect Louis Kahn by one of his longtime mistresses. Despite his accomplishments, Kahn Sr. died a penniless loner in Penn Station in 1974, leaving behind three families, none of them aware of the others' existence. Seeking to unravel his father's mysterious personal life, Nathaniel combines rare personal footage and compelling interviews with the elder Kahn's colleagues, friends, and families."
Reception.
Critical response.
"My Architect" has an approval rating of 93% on review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 91 reviews, and an average rating of 7.57/10. The website's critical consensus states, "A moving and enlightening documentary about architect Louis Kahn". Metacritic assigned the film a weighted average score of 81 out of 100, based on 29 critics, indicating "universal acclaim".
Awards.
"My Architect" was nominated for the 2003 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="7013114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013114" title="Ma Lin (warlord)">
Ma Lin (warlord)

Ma Lin (Xiao'erjing: , ; 1873 – 26 January 1945) was the governor of Qinghai 1931–38 and the brother of Ma Qi. A Hui Muslim born in 1873, Linxia County, Gansu, he mainly acceded to the posts of his brother, being general of southeastern Gansu province, as well as councillor of the Qinghai provincial government and acting head of the Construction Bureau of Qinghai province. His father was Ma Haiyan.
Career.
Ma Lin's father Ma Haiyan fought in the Boxer Rebellion at the Battle of Langfang and died of natural causes in 1900.
Ma Lin assisted the Xidaotang in filing a lawsuit against Ma Anliang after his death in 1919, to gain recognition for them as a legitimate Muslim sect.
His great-nephew Ma Zhongying seized the city of Hezhou in the 1920s in a battle during the Muslim conflict in Gansu (1927–1930), and vanquished Ma Lin's army, which was sent to retake the city. Ma Lin defeated Ma Ting-hsiang (Ma Tingxiang).
Ma Lin succeeded his brother Ma Qi as Governor of Qinghai following his death in 1931, but real military power remained in the hands of his nephew, Gen. Ma Bufang, who succeeded his father Ma Qi as military commander.
In 1932, during his administration of Qinghai, the Sino–Tibetan War broke out. Ma Lin's personal representative was Chao Pei-lei.
Ma Lin held the position of Civil Governor, while Ma Bufang was Military Governor. They feuded with and disliked each other. People did not admire Ma Bufang as much as his uncle Ma Lin, who was adored by the people. Ma Lin worked in the governor's yamen during his reign. His secretary was named Feng.
In autumn of 1936 Ma Bufang made his move to expel his uncle from power and replace him. Ma Bufang made his position unstable and unbearable until Ma Lin resigned from power by making the Hajj to Mecca. Ma Lin's next position was to be part of the National Government Committee. In an interview he was described as having "high admiration and unwavering loyalty to Chiang Kai-shek", and was interested in the progress of the Anti-Japanese war.
He was reported to be pious and his family mosque was in good shape. The new Yihewani (Ikhwan) sect was patronized and backed by Ma Lin and Ma Bufang to help modernize society, education, and reform old traditions.
In 1942 Ma Lin was serving on the 36-seat State Council; the only other Muslim member was the Uyghur Masud Sabri.
He went on a Hajj to Mecca. Approximately 123 persons accompanied him, including the Imams Ma Debao and Ma Zhengqing, who brought Salafi/Wahhabism ideology back to China, which the Yihewani Imams promptly rejected as heretical. Ma Lin's nephew, Ma Bufang, the governor of Qinghai, persecuted the new Salafi Wahhabis.
He died on 26 January 1945.
Ma Lin's eldest son Ma Burong (Ma Pu-jung) 馬步榮 defected to the Communists after 1949 and donated 10,000 Yuan to support Chinese troops in the Korean War. He had another son, Ma Buyuan (Ma Pu-yüan) 馬步援.

</doc>
<doc id="7013116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013116" title="Beaufort (automobiles)">
Beaufort (automobiles)

Beaufort was a German manufacturer of automobiles solely for the British market. It existed from 1901 to 1906 and was established with English capital.
A notable piece of company history is that a Beaufort car was the first vehicle to climb Copenhagen's 'Round Tower' landmark (1902).

</doc>
<doc id="7013117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013117" title="Paty Ripple Kyndiah">
Paty Ripple Kyndiah

Paty Ripple Kyndiah (7 May 1928 – 26 March 2015) was an Indian politician and a member of the Indian National Congress party who served as a member of the 12th, 13th and 14th Lok Sabha representing the Shillong constituency of Meghalaya. He served as the Minister of Tribal Affairs between 2004 and 2009 in the cabinet of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
Early and personal life.
Paty Ripple Kyndiah was born on 7 May 1928 in Shillong in British India (now Meghalaya, India). He completed his graduation from Gauhati University in Guwahati, Assam. He married his wife Gavvy Khyriem in 1948 and was father to five children.
He died on 26 March 2015 at the age of 86 in Shillong.
Political career.
Kyndiah was a member of the Indian National Congress party from the beginning of his political career. In 1970, he was elected as a member of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly from Jaiaw constituency and remained as its member till 1993. He was appointed as a cabinet minister in the Government of Meghalaya in 1975 and served on four occasions between 1975 and 1988. He served as the Leader of the Opposition in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly between 1979 and 1981 and briefly acted as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya in 1987.
In 1989, he was elected as the Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and remained in office until February 1993 when he was appointed as the Governor of Mizoram to succeed Swaraj Kaushal who had resigned from office. He served as the governor of Mizoram till 1998 when he stepped down from office upon completion of his tenure. Following his retirement as governor, he re-joined active politics and was elected to the 12th Lok Sabha on an Indian National Congress ticket to represent the Shillong constituency. He was subsequently re-elected to the 13th Lok Sabha in 1999 and the 14th Lok Sabha in 2004. As a member of parliament, he served as a member of the Committee on Transport and Tourism, Committee on Public Undertakings, Committee on Petitions, Committee on Urban and Rural Development, the Committee on Estimates, the Committee on Defence, and the Consultative Committee of the Ministry of Information Technology.
Upon his re-election to the Lok Sabha in 2004 and following the victory of the United Progressive Alliance in the general election, he was appointed as a cabinet minister in the cabinet of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. He was appointed as the Minister of Tribal Affairs and the Minister of Development of North Eastern Region on 22 May 2004. He held the position of the Minister of Tribal Affairs till the expiration of the term of the 14th Lok Sabha in 2009 while relinquished the charge of the Minister of Development of North Eastern Region to Mani Shankar Aiyar in October 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="7013122" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013122" title="Pusnes">
Pusnes

Pusnes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7013125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013125" title="Sumner, Portland, Oregon">
Sumner, Portland, Oregon

Sumner is a neighborhood in the Northeast section of Portland, Oregon, including the portion of the city of Maywood Park west of Interstate 205. The area includes Portland International Airport at its northern extreme but there are no residences surrounding it. Also the area north of Columbia Blvd. is industrial and commercial, though it does contain a few hotels.

</doc>
<doc id="7013132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013132" title="Network (Marvel comics)">
Network (Marvel comics)



</doc>
<doc id="7013137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013137" title="County Route 33 (Monmouth County, New Jersey)">
County Route 33 (Monmouth County, New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="7013140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013140" title="Auckland Prison">
Auckland Prison

Auckland Prison (original name Paremoremo Prison, colloquially Pare, pronounced "Par-re") is a prison facility consisting from minimum security to maximum security units based in Paremoremo, Auckland, New Zealand. The units are separated but located close together in a rural area.
The prison contains 4 of New Zealand's only specialist maximum-security units, housing some of the most severe criminals in the country. Its old names of 'Paremoremo' and 'Pare' are still well-known and used throughout New Zealand.
The land was bought for the prison in 1962 and after the 1965 Mt Eden prison riots construction was expedited, with the prison officially opening in March 1969. 
Organisation.
Facilities.
Auckland Prison has beds for 680 prisoners. It includes the high security West division, built in 1981 to relieve crowding at other institutions, particularly at Mount Eden Prison; a minimum/low/low-medium security work and pre-release unit called "Te Mahinga"; and a 60-bed special treatment unit for child sex offenders, called "Te Piriti".
Within the maximum security units, conditions in it are very restrictive, and there are minimum three prison officers per inmate of the unit.
Security.
Security was upgraded significantly in the 1990s and 2000s. David Connor, the prison chaplain, noted that when he moved to Paremoremo in 1984, a chain-link fence around the medium-security block was all that was required. In 2010, however, the maximum security part of the prison, East Division, is surrounded by a highly secure perimeter fence covered in razor wire. Razor wire is also laid between the unit and the fence. East Wing has only one point of entry which has a highly sensitive scanner that every person must pass through.
Anyone carrying items into East Division is required to bring them through in a clear plastic bag. Every person entering is also liable to be searched. East Division has a centralised CCTV system, with cameras monitored from the control room in the centre of the wing at all times. All cells are made of solid concrete and have bars on the windows. All exercise yards are enclosed. There is also a higher staff/prisoner ratio in east block than in other units.
West Division accommodates high-medium security prisoners. Like East Wing, it has only one point of entry and any person entering the unit is liable to be searched. There are also CCTV cameras monitored from the guardroom, and sensors between the fences of the West Division.
There is also one minimum security unit, one low-medium security unit and the Te Piriti unit, which houses low security prisoners. These units have a lower level of security as prisoners in these units are deemed to be a minimal risk to public safety.
In case of a serious incident, guards have few options but to call the police. Corrections officers have repeatedly warned that violent inmates are becoming more of a problem (in Paremoremo and the New Zealand corrections system in general).
After a serious attack by inmates on a prison guard in July 2007, a member of the staff anonymously complained to "The New Zealand Herald" about security procedures being inadequate, and said the prison was more like a 'holiday camp' for prisoners - especially in the case of those considered especially dangerous, alleging that prison management gives in to most of their demands to keep the peace.

</doc>
<doc id="7013145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013145" title="National Institute of Ophthalmology">
National Institute of Ophthalmology

National Institute of Ophthalmology may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7013154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013154" title="Vanness">
Vanness



</doc>
<doc id="7013160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013160" title="Hines House (Bowling Green, Kentucky)">
Hines House (Bowling Green, Kentucky)

The Hines House was a historic building in Bowling Green, Kentucky. It was written into the National Register of Historic Places on December 18, 1979. It was built by the Reverend James Davis Hines around 1840. Hines eventually sold the building to N.E. Goodsall, whose heirs sold the house in 1859 to Doctor Albert Covington.
When it was added to the National Register, it was one of few houses left in Bowling Green of that age and structure. The house was destroyed by an intentionally set fire on February 12, 1995. 

</doc>
<doc id="7013168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013168" title="Positivism (philosophy)">
Positivism (philosophy)



</doc>
<doc id="7013169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013169" title="Ashok Singhal">
Ashok Singhal

Ashok Singhal (27 September 1926 – 17 November 2015) was an Indian activist and the international working president of the Hindu organisation Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP) for over 20 years and in charge of the Ayodhya Ram Janmabhoomi movement. He was replaced in the Vishva Hindu Parishad in December 2011 following a long bout of diminishing physical health. Succeeded by Praveen Togadia, Singhal suffered ill-health but was working till a month before his death.
Life.
Singhal was born in Agra. His father Mr Mahavir Singh Singhal(Vill Bijoli, atrauli, District Aligarh) was an ICS (Indian Civil Service) government official. He had six brothers and a sister. His elder brothers were Vinod P Singhal Retd as Chief Secretary State of Tripura, Pramod P Singhal a businessman based in Udaipur, Anand P Singhal a senior officer in the Defence Ministry and his younger brothers were, BP Singhal, former DGP, UP Police and BJP Rajya Sabha MP, Piyush Singhal a businessman based in Mumbai and Vivek Singhal a businessman based in Delhi. His sister, Usha Rani Singhal was also a sangh pracharak and led the women front.
Singhal received a bachelor's degree in Metallurgical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology (BHU) Varanasi in 1950.
Singhal was a trained vocalist in Hindustani music. He studied under Pandit Omkarnath Thakur.
He died on 17 November 2015 at Medanta Medicity hospital in Gurgaon, aged 89.
On 1 October 2015, the book Hindutva Ke Purodha was released and officially launched by the then Home Minister of India, Rajnath Singh. The book describes all dedications to his political party and India. This was written by Mahesh Bhagchandaka.
Career.
Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh.
Ashok Singhal joined Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) in 1942 under tutelage of Balasaheb Deoras. After obtaining a degree in Engineering, he opted to become a full-time pracharak. He worked in various locations around Uttar Pradesh, becoming a "prant pracharak" for Delhi and Haryana. In 1980, he was deputed to the VHP, becoming its joint general secretary. In 1984, he became its general secretary and, later, the working president, a role in which he continued till 2011.
Vishva Hindu Parishad.
After the Meenakshipuram conversions in 1981, Singhal moved to the VHP as the joint general secretary. After noting the main grievance of the Dalit communities in the area as being access to temples, VHP built 200 temples specifically for Dalits. He says that the conversions stopped afterwards.
Singhal was a key organiser of the first VHP Dharma Sansad in 1984 held at Vigyan Bhavan in New Delhi, attracting hundreds of sadhus and Hindu notables to discuss the issues of rejuvenating Hinduism. The movement for reclaiming the Ram Janmabhoomi temple was born here. Singhal soon became the chief architect of the movement.
Fast unto death and Force Feeding.
During the tenure of Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee (1998–2004), the pair of Vajpayee and Singhal fell out when he felt that NDA Government of Vajpayee was not taking any further steps in building Ram Mandir.
Ashok Singhal then went on fast unto death on the demand of the construction of Ram Mandir at Ayodhya. He was "Force Fed" on the orders of Atal Bihari Vajpayee. This saddened Ashok Singhal and badly affected once good relations of Singhal and Vajpayee for the rest of his life.
Philosophy.
Ashok Singhal openly promoted his Hindu views. In every public meeting after 1989, wherever he gave speech, there was definitely talks of Hindu and of Hindu's interest.

</doc>
<doc id="7013170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013170" title="Thokchom Meinya">
Thokchom Meinya

Dr. Thokchom Meinya (born 12 October 1945) is a former member of the Lok Sabha who was serving consecutive three terms. He represented the Inner Manipur constituency of Manipur and won the 2004, 2009 and 2014 elections, as a candidate of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party.

</doc>
<doc id="7013172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013172" title="Polly O'Keefe">
Polly O'Keefe



</doc>
<doc id="7013173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013173" title="Sunderland, Portland, Oregon">
Sunderland, Portland, Oregon

Sunderland is a neighborhood in the northeast section of Portland, Oregon, United States. It is bordered by the Columbia River to the north; Woodlawn and Concordia to the south; Portland International Airport and Cully to the east; and East Columbia to the west. There is a city sanctioned transient encampment called Dignity Village in Sunderland between a state prison and the airport.

</doc>
<doc id="7013174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013174" title="Gultiger">
Gultiger



</doc>
<doc id="7013181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013181" title="Besbicus">
Besbicus



</doc>
<doc id="7013184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013184" title="Ma Qi">
Ma Qi

Ma Qi (, Xiao'erjing: ; 23 September 1869 – 5 August 1931) was a Chinese Muslim General in early 20th-century China.
Early life.
A Hui, Ma was born on 23 September 1869 in Daohe, now part of Linxia, Gansu, China. His father was Ma Haiyan and his brother was Ma Lin. He was a senior commander in the Qinghai-Gansu region during the late Qing dynasty. Ma Sala was said to be his father. Ma Qi led loyalist Muslim troops to crush Muslim rebels during the Dungan Revolt (1895).
During the Boxer Rebellion Ma Qi served with his father Ma Haiyan in Gen. Dong Fuxiang's Kansu Braves against the invading Eight Nation Alliance in Beijing. Ma Haiyan defeated the foreign army at the Battle of Langfang in 1900, and died while protecting the Imperial Family from the western forces. Ma Qi succeeded him in all his posts and capacities. Ma Qi was tall and maintained the mintuan militia in Xining as his personal army, called the Ninghaijun. He also directly defied his commanding officer, Muslim Gen. Ma Anliang, when Ma Wanfu, the Muslim brotherhood leader, was being shipped to Gansu from Xinjiang by Yang Zengxin to Ma Anliang, so Ma Anliang could execute Ma Wanfu. Ma Qi rescued Ma Wanfu by attacking the escort and brought him to Qinghai. Ma Anliang hated the Muslim brotherhood, which he banned earlier, and sentenced all its members to death and wanted to personally execute Ma Wanfu because he was its leader.
During the Xinhai Revolution, Ma Qi fought Gelaohui revolutionaries in Ningxi, but when the Emperor abdicated Ma Qi declared support for the Republic of China. Ma Anliang, Changgeng and Shengyun failed to capture Shaanxi from the revolutionaries. In Ningxia, Qing forces were attacked by both Hui Muslim Gelaohui and Han Gelaohui members, while Hui general Ma Qi and Ma Yuanzhang were in the Qing forces fighting against them but Ma Yuanzhang defected to the republicans after Ma Anliang gave up on the Qing. Unlike the Mongols and Tibetans, the Muslims refused to secede from the Republic, and Ma Qi quickly used his diplomatic and military powers to make the Tibetan and Mongol nobles recognize the Republic of China government as their overlord, and sent a message to President Yuan Shikai reaffirming that Qinghai was securely in the Republic. He replaced "Long, Long, Long, Live the reigning Emperor", with "Long live the Republic of China" on inscriptions.
Ma Qi developed relations with Wu Peifu, who tried to turn Gansu military leaders against Feng Yuxiang. Feng's subordinate Liu Yufen expelled all the Han generals who opposed him, which resulted in Hui Generals Ma Hongbin, Ma Lin, Ma Tingxiang, and Han Gen. Bei Jianzhang, the commander of a Hui army, to stop fighting against Feng and seek an agreement.
Republican times.
In 1913 a Qinghai wool and hide bureau was established by Ma Qi. It put an export tax on the wool trade with foreigners.
In 1917 Ma Anliang ordered his younger brother Ma Guoliang to suppress a rebellion of Tibetans in Xunhua who rebelled because of taxes Ma Anliang imposed on them. Ma Anliang did not report it to the central government in Beijing and was reprimanded for it, and Ma Qi was sent by the government to investigate the case and suppress the rebellion.
Ma Qi formed the Ninghai Army in Qinghai in 1915. He occupied Labrang monastery in 1917, the first time non-Tibetans had seized it.
After ethnic rioting between Muslims and Tibetans broke out in 1918, Ma Qi defeated the Tibetans. He heavily taxed the town for eight years. In 1921 he and his Muslim army decisively crushed the Tibetan monks of Labrang monastery when they tried to oppose him. In 1925 a Tibetan rebellion broke out, with thousands of rebels driving out the Muslims. Ma Qi responded with 3,000 Chinese Muslim troops, who retook Labrang and machine-gunned thousands of Tibetan monks as they tried to flee. Ma Qi besieged Labrang numerous times and the Tibetans and Mongols fought against his Muslim forces for control of Labrang, until he gave it up in 1927.
Ma Qi defeated the Tibetan forces with his Muslim troops. His forces were praised by foreigners who traveled through Qinghai for their fighting abilities.
After the founding of the Republic he was governor of Qinghai from 1915 to 1928 and the first chairman of the government of Qinghai from 1929 to 1931. After Chiang Kai-shek gained control nationwide, he became a brigade commander and then was promoted to commander of the 26th Division of the National Revolutionary Army in the northwestern region. His civil posts also included director of the Gansu Bureau of Construction. Ma Qi's eldest son was Ma Buqing and another son was Ma Bufang. Ma Qi was the uncle of Ma Zhongying. He died on 5 August 1931 in Xining, Qinghai, China.

</doc>
<doc id="7013187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013187" title="Fred Zabitosky">
Fred Zabitosky

Fred William Zabitosky (October 27, 1942 – January 18, 1996) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration — the Medal of Honor — for his actions in the Vietnam War.
Biography.
Zabitosky joined the Army from his birth city of Trenton, New Jersey in 1959, and by February 19, 1968, was serving as a staff sergeant with the 5th Special Forces Group (Airborne). On that day, while on reconnaissance patrol in Laos, his small team came under intense enemy fire. Zabitosky directed the defense until rescue helicopters arrived, and when the helicopter that was to extract him from the battlefield crashed, he ignored his own injuries to save the downed craft's pilot. Zabitosky was later promoted to Sergeant First Class and, in 1969, was presented with the Medal of Honor by President Richard Nixon. He retired from the Army with the rank of Master Sergeant in 1977, and later continued working for the Department of Veterans Affairs as a civilian counselor.
Zabitosky died at the age of 53, after undergoing surgery to treat a brain tumor. He was buried in Lumbee Memorial Park, Lumberton, North Carolina. A street, the former Community Access Road, on nearby Fort Bragg was named in his honor.
Medal of Honor citation.
Sergeant First Class Zabitosky's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty. Sfc. Zabitosky, U.S. Army, distinguished himself while serving as an assistant team leader of a 9-man Special Forces long-range reconnaissance patrol. Sfc. Zabitosky's patrol was operating deep within enemy-controlled territory when they were attacked by a numerically superior North Vietnamese Army unit. Sfc. Zabitosky rallied his team members, deployed them into defensive positions, and, exposing himself to concentrated enemy automatic weapons fire, directed their return fire. Realizing the gravity of the situation, Sfc. Zabitosky ordered his patrol to move to a landing zone for helicopter extraction while he covered their withdrawal with rifle fire and grenades. Rejoining the patrol under increasing enemy pressure, he positioned each man in a tight perimeter defense and continually moved from man to man, encouraging them and controlling their defensive fire. Mainly due to his example, the outnumbered patrol maintained its precarious position until the arrival of tactical air support and a helicopter extraction team. As the rescue helicopters arrived, the determined North Vietnamese pressed their attack. Sfc. Zabitosky repeatedly exposed himself to their fire to adjust suppressive helicopter gunship fire around the landing zone. After boarding 1 of the rescue helicopters, he positioned himself in the door delivering fire on the enemy as the ship took off. The helicopter was engulfed in a hail of bullets and Sfc. Zabitosky was thrown from the craft as it spun out of control and crashed. Recovering consciousness, he ignored his extremely painful injuries and moved to the flaming wreckage. Heedless of the danger of exploding ordnance and fuel, he pulled the severely wounded pilot from the searing blaze and made repeated attempts to rescue his patrol members but was driven back by the intense heat. Despite his serious burns and crushed ribs, he carried and dragged the unconscious pilot through a curtain of enemy fire to within 10 feet of a hovering rescue helicopter before collapsing. Sfc. Zabitosky's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty were in keeping with the highest traditions of the military service and reflect great credit upon himself, his unit, and the U.S. Army.

</doc>
<doc id="7013189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013189" title="Mani Charenamei">
Mani Charenamei

Mani Charenamei (born 10 February 1959) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Outer Manipur constituency of Manipur.

</doc>
<doc id="7013190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013190" title="Tocainide">
Tocainide

Tocainide (Tonocard) is a class Ib antiarrhythmic agent. It is no longer sold in the United States.
Pharmacokinetics.
Tocainide is a lidocaine derivative, that undergoes very less first pass metabolism. It occurs as two enantiomers. The R isomer is three times more potent than the S isomer. Tocainide's oral bioavailability is almost 100%. Plasma half-life generally lasts for 11.5-15.5 hours (13.5 ± 2 hours). In the blood, tocainide is 10-20% protein bound. The volume of distribution is 2.8-3.2 L/kg. 31-45% is excreted unchanged in the urine. The more active R-isomer is cleared faster in anephric patients (without kidneys) or those with severe kidney dysfunction. The main metabolite is tocainide carbamoyl ester glucuronlde.
Drug interactions.
Rifampicin increases conversion of tocainide into its main metabolite, tocainide carbamoyl ester glucuronlde, by inducing the glucuronosyl transferase enzyme that catalyzes glucuronidation of tocainide to produce that metabolite. Rifampicin also increases elimination rate and decreases oral clearance of tocainide. Tocainide decreases plasma clearance of theophylline.

</doc>
<doc id="7013191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013191" title="Frederic Flach">
Frederic Flach

Frederic Francis Flach (January 25, 1927 – September 26, 2006) was an American psychiatrist and author. He graduated from Cornell University Medical College where he served as Adjunct Associate Professor of Psychiatry. He was an attending psychiatrist at the Payne Whitney Clinic (New York Hospital) and at St. Vincent's Hospital and Medical Center. Frederic died in 2006.
Awards and honors.
In 1996, he was awarded the Maxine Mason Award by the National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI). He was a Knight Commander of the Equestrian Order of the Holy Sepulchre of Jerusalem (Catholic).

</doc>
<doc id="7013200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013200" title="Encainide">
Encainide

Encainide (trade name Enkaid) is a class Ic antiarrhythmic agent. It is no longer used because of its frequent proarrhythmic side effects.

</doc>
<doc id="7013216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013216" title="Baraka School">
Baraka School

The Baraka School was a small education program that took at-risk 12-year-old boys from the Baltimore public school system to the Kenyan outback for two years to live and study. The school was located in Laikipia District, and the program began in 1996 with funding from the Abell Foundation, a local Baltimore philanthropy. 
The program was shut down in 2003 because of security threats. After the 2002 hotel bombing in Mombasa and the 2003 invasion of Iraq, the school administrators decided not to reopen the school. 
The school program was featured in the 2005 documentary "The Boys of Baraka". The campus has since been transformed into Daraja Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="7013219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013219" title="Get Low (Lil Jon &amp; the East Side Boyz song)">
Get Low (Lil Jon &amp; the East Side Boyz song)

"Get Low" is a song by American Southern hip-hop group Lil Jon &amp; the East Side Boyz featuring American hip-hop duo Ying Yang Twins, released as a single in 2003. It first appeared on the 2002 album "Kings of Crunk". "Get Low" peaked at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number 20 on the Hot Digital Songs chart. It was number five on the top Hot R&amp;B/Hip-Hop songs of 2003. Outside of the United States, "Get Low" peaked within the top ten of the charts in the United Kingdom, the top twenty of the charts in Germany and the top forty of the charts in Australia, Austria, and New Zealand. It is also known as a breakthrough song for the crunk genre, as the song's success helped it become mainstream. It is listed number 99 on VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of Hip-Hop.
History.
Three different radio edits of "Get Low" have been released. One had amended lyrics (i.e. "take that thang to the floor, you scared, you scared"), while the other two bleeped out certain profanities. Of the two bleep censored versions, one version left the word "goddamn" intact while the other censored the word. Also, in the chorus (the clean version), the word "skeet" is said six times in the original place of "motherfucker" and the word "goddamn" is shortened to "got". The song popularized the word "skeet" in African-American Vernacular English (to ejaculate).
The Ying Yang Twins used their lines from the song later in their song "Hanh!" from the album "Me &amp; My Brother", and in the remix of Pitbull's song "Bojangles". In addition, the line "bend over to the front and touch your toes" was reused in Usher's 2004 song "Yeah!", on which Lil Jon and Ludacris provided the rap vocals.
A version of the song, highly edited due to its subject matter and use of profanity, was featured on the ' soundtrack. A less-edited version was featured 9 years later on the Kinect game "Dance Central 3". This song was also a playable track in the video game "Def Jam Rapstar". The uncensored version appears in the Xbox 360 video game '. Lil Jon (without the East Side Boyz) appears in the video game as a playable character providing his own voice and likeness.
The song was also featured in the movies "White Chicks", "Coach Carter", "Red, White &amp; Royal Blue" and "The Proposal", where Sandra Bullock's character raps it. An abbreviated version of the song appeared in “The Mattress”, a season 3 episode of the scripted comedy series "Brooklyn Nine-Nine". The song also makes an appearance in “Virtual In-Stanity”, a season 7 episode of the animated comedy series "American Dad!", in which Stan Smith can be seen twerking to the song.
During the song's recording, Lil Jon initially planned to use a hook saying "Let It Go" instead of "Get Low". He called it "the wackest chorus I've ever done in my entire career."
Lil Jon performed a version of the song as a special guest of the Georgia delegation at the 2024 Democratic National Convention, where he changed multiple verses to reference the nominees Kamala Harris and Tim Walz. American businessman Mark Zuckerburg collaborated with the singer T-Pain to remake the song that same year, dedicating this new acoustic cover to his wife Priscilla Chan.
Remixes.
Two official remixes were released in the EP "Part II" by Lil Jon &amp; The East Side Boyz.

</doc>
<doc id="7013220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013220" title="Foreign enlistment in the American Civil War">
Foreign enlistment in the American Civil War

Foreign enlistment in the American Civil War (1861–1865) reflected the conflict's international significance among both governments and their citizenry. Diplomatic and popular interest were aroused by the United States' status as a nascent power and by the war's central cause being the globally divisive issue of slavery. Consequently, many men enlisted from abroad and among immigrant communities in the U.S. 
When hostilities first broke out, roughly 13% of Americans were foreign-born, the vast majority concentrated in northern cities; subsequently, foreign enlistment largely favored the Union, which was also far more successful at attracting volunteers. Roughly a quarter to a third of the Union Army was foreign-born. Immigrants were not as present in the Confederate Army, but tens of thousands of foreigners also served with the Confederacy. Some historians claim the North would not have prevailed without immigrant soldiers.
Reflecting the influx of immigrants leading up to the war, the largest foreign contingents on either side were German, Irish, and British (including English, Scottish and Welsh). The Welsh, who generally held strong abolitionist beliefs, overwhelmingly joined the Union Army, with over 6,000 men volunteering. Most other foreign recruits were from Canada and the rest of Europe, particularly Poland, France, Italy, and Scandinavia; smaller numbers came from China, Mexico, Hawaii, and various Native American tribes. Several high-ranking political and military leaders in both the Union and Confederacy were of foreign or immigrant background.
Like American citizens, foreigners and immigrants fought in the war for various reasons; many were motivated by an ideological opposition to slavery, others by loyalty to their adopted homeland, and still others sought economic opportunity. Regardless of their motives and origins, most foreign soldiers reportedly served with as much loyalty and distinction as native-born Americans. Nevertheless, many were subject to the wider nativist sentiments of American society, as well as to prejudices against their particular ethnicity, faith, or nationality. Some in the Union downplayed immigrant contributions, partly in response to Confederate propaganda directed at both Northern and foreign audiences that claimed the Union was relying heavily on "foreign mercenaries" and "refuse" to serve as cannon fodder.
Background.
In the 40 years leading to the outbreak of the war, the United States had received four million immigrants; the vast majority came from Ireland (one million), the German states (500,000), and Great Britain (300,000). By 1860, well over a tenth of all Americans were foreign-born, with a similar proportion being second- or third-generation immigrants. The influx drove a significant demographic shift in the country: At the start of the 19th century, the U.S. population was around five million; by 1860, it had swelled to roughly 31 million.
The more urbanized and industrialized states of the northern U.S. drew the lion's share of foreign arrivals, which accounted for the Union's decisive demographic advantage over the Confederacy; two-thirds of all Americans (21 million) lived in U.S.-controlled territory. This included 91% of all pre-war immigrants, who now made up over half the U.S. population following secession. Consequently, the North recruited the overwhelming majority of foreigners who served in the Civil War.
While most immigrants, particularly from Ireland, were fleeing hardship, famine, and persecution, a large number, especially from German lands, came following the sociopolitical upheavals that gripped much of Europe in 1848. Many new arrivals had republican sentiments and a strong opposition to political oppression of all forms, including slavery; parallels were drawn between the enslavement of African Americans and the aristocratic exploitation of serfs and peasants. Hence many U.S. immigrants were enthusiastic supporters of the Union and joined for ideological reasons.
Union enlistment.
The Union made a concerted effort to recruit foreigners both at home and abroad. One recruitment poster, written in Italian, French, Hungarian, and German, called on "250 able-bodied men . . . Patriots of all nations" to serve their "adopted country". U.S. diplomats, who sought to garner international support while undermining recognition and aid to the Confederacy, reported enthusiasm for the Union cause among many foreigners; in the summer of 1861, just months after the war began, a U.S. mission in Italy received hundreds of Italian volunteers, some wearing the patriotic red shirts of the Italian unification movement.
Foreign recruits were generally well-integrated with their American-born counterparts, serving in volunteer regiments that were raised from particular states and cities rather than nationalities. This was especially true of Canadian and British soldiers, who were more geographically dispersed than other ethnic groups, and far less distinguishable from native-born Americans in language and culture. U.S. President Abraham Lincoln was attentive to the diversity and foreign makeup of the military and made conscious efforts to foster inclusivity of ethnic and national minorities, namely through high-level appointments and promotions.
Of those contingents drawn specifically from particular immigrant communities, the largest and most notable comprised Irish and German Americans, who together comprised half of all foreign soldiers.
Germans were by far the largest foreign ethnic group to fight for the Union: Approximately 216,000 Union soldiers were either born in Germany, or were second or third generation Germans, drawn largely from New York, Wisconsin, and Ohio. Major recruiting efforts were aimed specifically at German communities across the country, particularly in Cincinnati, St. Louis, and Milwaukee. President Lincoln appointed Franz Sigel, a German veteran of the 1848 revolutions, to the influential rank of major general partly to drive political support among German Americans; Sigel would be the highest ranking German American officer in the Union Army. "It isn’t a war where two powers fight to win a piece of land. Instead it’s about freedom or slavery, and you can well imagine, dear mother, I support the cause of freedom with all my might." — German enlistee, in a private letter to his family. Several regiments were composed entirely of Germans, including the 52nd New York, 9th Ohio, 74th Pennsylvania, 32nd Indiana (1st German), and the 9th Wisconsin. German units had a reputation for discipline and martial prowess; many Germans had previously served in European armies or participated in the armed uprisings of 1848. Aside from Maj. Gen. Sigel, other so-called "Forty Eighters" who served in high-ranking positions were Maj. Gen. Carl Schurz, Brig. Gen. August Willich, Louis Blenker, Max Weber and Alexander Schimmelfennig. In its two years of operation, all but one commander of the XI Corps, which played a decisive role in the battles of Chancellorsville and Gettysburg, were Germans, including Sigel and Schurz. Numerous German Americans received the Medal of Honor, the highest award for military valor in the United States. 
Irish Americans were best known for their distinguished service in the Irish Brigade, comprising the well-regarded "Fighting 69th" New York Infantry Regiment, the 63rd and 88th New York Infantry, the 28th Massachusetts and later the 116th Pennsylvania. The Brigade took part in almost every major battle and campaign in the Eastern Theater and was renowned for its bravery and valor; it reportedly suffered some of the highest casualties of any Union formation. Irish were also drawn from the British Empire, and after the war several veterans took part in the Fenian raids against British targets in Canada.
As well as Irish and German immigrants, Welsh immigrants played an important role in the Union army.¹ In 1861, the estimated population of Welsh speakers in the northern United States was approximately 120,000, concentrated in states like New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Wisconsin.¹ Driven by a fervent anti-slavery sentiment rooted in their religious beliefs and a desire to demonstrate their commitment to their adopted homeland, over 6,000 Welshmen volunteered to fight for the Union.¹ Their eagerness to enlist was notable. While precise comparative data across all native-born demographics is challenging to ascertain definitively, the significant proportion of the Welsh immigrant community who volunteered without being subject to the draft strongly suggests a higher rate of voluntary enlistment compared to some segments of the native-born population. This enthusiasm was also evident in the proactive formation of Welsh-named companies within larger regiments and the consistent emphasis on their patriotic service in their own Welsh-language press and community events. As the volunteer Jenkin Lloyd Jones said, they were "born across the water, but reared under the flag," showing their dual identity and primary allegiance to America.² 
The experiences of Welsh soldiers were deeply shaped by their strong religious convictions.¹ Many belonged to Nonconformist denominations, Protestant groups such as Presbyterians, Baptists, and Methodists who dissented from the established Anglican Church in Wales.¹ These faiths were central to Welsh community life, providing a robust moral and social framework. Their religious beliefs held a strong stance against slavery, viewing it as a fundamental violation of Christian teachings regarding the inherent dignity and equality of all individuals before God. This theological opposition was a primary driver of their abolitionist beliefs. 
The commitment to abolitionism among Welsh immigrants arose from a confluence of factors. Theologically, their Nonconformist faiths emphasized human equality and justice. Culturally, Welsh history included experiences of linguistic and cultural marginalization, fostering empathy for other oppressed groups. Ideologically, they embraced the American ideals of liberty and equality as articulated in the nation's founding documents, but they saw the existence of slavery as a profound contradiction to these principles. Their understanding of American ideals, filtered through their religious and cultural lens, led them to view the fight against slavery as a moral imperative to realize the nation's stated values. As one poem published in Y Cenhadwr proclaimed, "When the slave is made free, our banner shall fly overhead, in the hands of our strong Lord above land and sea, Amen," directly linking their faith to the cause of emancipation.² 
While their contribution is sometimes overlooked due to their integration within larger units, Welsh soldiers distinguished themselves in various ways.¹ Some, like William Henry Powell and Joseph E. Griffith, earned Medals of Honor for their bravery and leadership.¹ However, the war also had a profound impact on the Welsh-American community itself.² The intense desire to assimilate and to demonstrate their American identity, fueled in part by their commitment to the Union cause and its ideals, contributed to a decline in the use of the Welsh language after the war. Though they fought to preserve the Union and extend its ideals of liberty, their service also marked a turning point in their cultural assimilation, as they increasingly embraced their American identity, sometimes at the expense of their linguistic heritage. As John W. Hughes wrote, "I would rather die on the battlefield honorably than return home. The democrats want to keep the poor Negro caged until the day of judgement," powerfully illustrating the depth of their anti-slavery convictions and their commitment to the Union cause.²
One of the first military companies raised when the war broke out comprised entirely Polish immigrants recruited by Brig. Gen. Włodzimierz Krzyżanowski, a veteran of the Greater Poland uprising of 1848. It was moved to New York City and joined with several other mostly-immigrant companies to form the 58th New York Infantry Regiment, officially registered as the Polish Legion. Krzyżanowski was later a brigade commander of the XI Corps at Gettysburg, and after the war was appointed governor of Georgia.
Other nationalities were represented in their own regiments. Among the most visible was the 79th New York Highlanders, formed in 1859, which initially consisted entirely of Scottish immigrants or descendants. Soldiers sported kilts and bonnets and were accompanied by bagpipes; on at least one occasion, the First Battle of Bull Run, they wore tartan "trews" of Clan Cameron in honor of their colonel. During the course of the war, the 79th opened its ranks to Irish, English and other immigrants, most of whom had been living in the U.S. for years.
The multiethnic makeup of Union forces sometimes posed communications problems due to language barriers, as many regiments and divisions included a mix of volunteers from Germany, Ireland, Italy, Poland, and other European countries. A notable example was the 39th New York Infantry Regiment—also known as the "Garibaldi Guard" after Italian revolutionary Giuseppe Garibaldi—which was led by Hungarian colonel Frederick George D'Utassy and comprised over a dozen nationalities, including Algerians, Turks, Slavs, Swiss, and Spaniards. Maj. Gen. Sigel had his orders translated from his native German to Hungarian for his officers, whose reports in turn were translated in English for the rest of his command, then finally in German for his review.
Many Hungarian volunteers, like their counterparts from the rest of continental Europe, were veterans of the 1848 uprisings, namely the Hungarian uprising against Austrian rule. In the earliest months of the war, before the development and adoption of formal encryption methods, Hungarian speakers served as code talkers, encoding and decoding telegrams and written correspondences with sensitive tactical information. 
Several volunteers came from the British colony of Bermuda, especially from among the "coloured" population, a term used on the island to designate anyone not entirely of European heritage. Most served in dedicated "colored" regiments made up of African Americans, such as the 31st, the 26th, and the 6th Coloured Infantry. Among the most notable Bermudian volunteers was First Sergeant Robert John Simmons of the 54th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment, who had previously served in the British Army; he died in the Second Battle of Fort Wagner, the most famous action of the 54th Regiment, which took place outside the Bermudian settlement of Charleston, South Carolina—ironically a major destination of contraband from his native island.
Many Jewish recruits, who formed the largest religious minority in the Union, were first- or second-generation immigrants; the majority of foreign-born Jews came from German lands. They often faced greater hardship than other foreign groups due to both general antisemitism and ignorance to their distinct religious customs; for example, pork was often served to all troops without regard to Jewish dietary restrictions. The most infamous example of anti-Jewish prejudice was General Order No. 11, issued by Union Major-General Ulysses S. Grant on December 17, 1862, which expelled all Jews from Grant's military district in an effort to reduce corruption and illicit commercial activity presumably undertaken "mostly by Jews and other unprincipled traders." 
Notwithstanding incidents of both latent and overt discrimination, Jews as a whole, like other minority groups in the Union, demonstrated high morale and loyalty; among the most notable examples were Leopold Karpeles and Abraham Cohn, immigrants from Bohemia and Prussia, respectively, who were awarded the Medal of Honor. President Lincoln likewise made a concerted effort to ensure Jews were appointed to leadership positions and accommodated by the military, such as in chaplaincies; he also countermanded Grant's controversial order almost immediately after learning about it.
Confederate enlistment.
Tens of thousands of pre-war immigrants served in the Confederate Army, which had formations composed of Irish, Italian, Polish, German, and Mexican troops. While neither as large nor as strategically decisive as the Union's foreign-born recruits, the Confederacy's foreign contingents were similarly known for their valor and loyalty. Approximately forty thousand Irish, and ten thousand English born immigrants joining the ranks of the Confederacy.
Most foreign-born Confederate soldiers had spent the majority of their lives in the American South and were comparatively better integrated than their Northern counterparts. Many fought out of personal affinity to their local or state community, rather than in support of slavery or secession; others were compelled by social pressure engendered by the South's greater need for manpower. By 1863, some Confederate leaders, such as Georgia Governor Joseph E. Brown, forcibly recruited foreign nationals to shore up the war effort.
Irish Americans were comparatively better represented than other nationalities in the Confederate military, since most of them were supporters of the pro-Confederacy Democratic Party. The most notable volunteer division in the Confederate army comprised descendants of various European communities living in Louisiana, with the division being commanded by Major-General Camille Armand Jules Marie, Prince de Polignac, a French veteran of the Crimean War. Known affectionately by his troops as "Prince Polecat", Polignac served with distinction in the Red River Campaign, most notably in the Confederate victory at the Battle of Mansfield.
Britain, which was strongly abolitionist both politically and socioculturally, nevertheless had some sympathy for the Confederacy, largely from those with economic ties to the South (either through selling supplies to the Confederates or dealing in Southern cotton) or who admired its vaguely aristocratic political hierarchy. Confederate efforts to garner British diplomatic recognition and support culminated in the Trent Affair, which nearly brought Britain to a state of war with the United States. Numerous British Americans in the South enlisted in the Confederate military, with similar motives to other European immigrants. Among the most notable British subjects to join the Confederacy included Henry Wemyss Feilden, who resigned his commission in the Black Watch to become an officer in the Army of Tennessee, and William Watson, who served as a sergeant in the 3rd Louisiana Infantry before commanding blockade runners. 
The Confederacy also enjoyed strong support from Bermuda, which had maintained commercial ties with the South since the early 17th century. St. George's, Bermuda was the primary harbor from which European-produced goods were smuggled into the South aboard blockade runners; cotton travelled in the reverse direction as payment. Many Bermudians earned fortunes through trading with the Confederacy, most notably the blockade runner Thomas Leslie Outerbridge. Confederate agents operated openly in Bermuda, while the United States consul there had his mail stolen on two occasions and the consulate's flagpole was cut down on the 4th of July.

</doc>
<doc id="7013225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013225" title="Indonesia Air Asia">
Indonesia Air Asia



</doc>
<doc id="7013226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013226" title="Ibutilide">
Ibutilide

Ibutilide is a Class III antiarrhythmic agent that is indicated for acute cardioconversion of atrial fibrillation and atrial flutter of a recent onset to sinus rhythm. It exerts its antiarrhythmic effect by induction of slow inward sodium current, which prolongs action potential and refractory period of myocardial cells. Because of its Class III antiarrhythmic activity, there should not be concomitant administration of Class Ia and Class III agents.
Ibutilide is marketed as Corvert by Pfizer. Administration resulted in successful heart rhythm control in 31–44% of patients within 90 minutes, with sustained polymorphic ventricular tachycardia in 0.9–2.5% of patients. It appears to show better results in atrial flutter as compared to atrial fibrillation.
Mechanism of action.
Ibutilide, like other class III antiarrhythmic drugs, blocks delayed rectified potassium current.
It does have action on the slow sodium channel and promotes the influx of sodium through these slow channels.
Although potassium current seems to play a role, their interactions are complex and not well understood. Ibutilide's unique mechanism works by an activation of a specific inward sodium current, thus producing its therapeutic response in which a prolonged action potential increases myocytes’ cardiac refractoriness in case of atrial fibrillation and flutter.
Pharmacokinetics.
Absorption.
Ibutilide is intravenously administered. It has a high first-pass metabolism, which results in a poor bioavailability when taken orally. Individual pharmacokinetic properties are highly viable during the clinical trial.
Distribution.
Ibutilide has a relatively large volume of distribution among individual subjects, which is about 11L/kg. Approximately 40% of the drug is bound with plasma albumin of healthy volunteers in a trial. This is also approximately close to patients with atrial fibrillation and flutter.
Metabolism.
Ibutilide has a high systemic plasma clearance that closes to the hepatic blood flow (29mL/min/kg). Its metabolic pathway is via liver's cytochrome P450 system by isoenzymes other than CYP3A4 and CYP2D6 by which the heptyl side chain of ibutilide is oxidized. With eight metabolites are detected in the urine, however, only one is an active metabolite that shares the similar electrophysiologic property of the Class III antiarrhythmic agents. The plasma concentration of this metabolite is only less than 10% of ibutilide.
Excretion.
After administration of ibutilide, it is quickly excreted by renal pathway with a half-life of approximately 6 hours. Approximately 82% of a 0.01 mg/kg dose is excreted in the urine during the trial. Among those, around 7% is excreted as unchanged drug. The remainder of the drug is excreted in feces (about 19%).
Adverse effects and contraindications.
Like other antiarrhythmics, ibutilide can lead to abnormal heart rhythms due to its ability to prolong the QT interval, which can lead to the potentially fatal abnormal heart rhythm known as torsades de pointes. Consequently, the drug is contraindicated in patients that are likely to develop abnormal heart rhythms; this includes individuals who have previously experienced polymorphic ventricular tachycardia, have a prolonged QT interval, sick sinus syndrome, or have recently had a myocardial infarction, among other conditions.
Patient Information.
This medication will be given intravenously for your heart disease. You will have continuously ECG monitoring during the infusion and 4 hours after your infusion. Some of the minor side effects are headache and irregular heartbeat. If you experience chest pain and respiratory difficulties, you should report to your doctors immediately.

</doc>
<doc id="7013236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013236" title="Harstad Camping">
Harstad Camping

Harstad Camping was until 2023 a campgrounds in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway. It was located just east of Kanebogen on the Steinbergneset peninsula, about south of the city of Harstad, along the Vågsfjorden.

</doc>
<doc id="7013237" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013237" title="Bretylium tosilate">
Bretylium tosilate



</doc>
<doc id="7013238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013238" title="Kalolimni">
Kalolimni



</doc>
<doc id="7013240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013240" title="Simonellite">
Simonellite

Simonellite (1,1-dimethyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-7-isopropyl phenanthrene) is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon with a chemical formula C19H24. It is similar to retene.
Simonellite occurs naturally as an organic mineral derived from diterpenes present in conifer resins. It is named after its discoverer, Vittorio Simonelli (1860–1929), an Italian geologist. It forms colorless to white orthorhombic crystals. It occurs in Fognano, Tuscany, Italy.
Simonellite, together with cadalene, retene and ip-iHMN, is a biomarker of higher plants, which makes it useful for paleobotanic analysis of rock sediments.

</doc>
<doc id="7013241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013241" title="SMS 2000">
SMS 2000



</doc>
<doc id="7013243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013243" title="Civ II">
Civ II



</doc>
<doc id="7013245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013245" title="Khao Yoi district">
Khao Yoi district

Khao Yoi (, ) is a district ("amphoe") in the northern part of Phetchaburi province, western Thailand.
History.
The district was established in 1897 and Luang Phromsan (หลวงพรหมสาร) was assigned as the first district officer. At first named Huai Luang, the district was renamed Khao Yoi in 1903 due to the site of the district office. The name of the district comes from the limestone hill called Khao Yoi which is just off Phetkasem highway. The hill contains three caves, one of which has been converted to a cave temple with a notable reclining Buddha.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Pak Tho of Ratchaburi province, Amphawa of Samut Songkhram province, Ban Laem, Mueang Phetchaburi, Ban Lat, and Nong Ya Plong of Phetchaburi Province.
Administration.
The district is divided into 10 sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 59 villages ("mubans"). The sub-district municipality ("thesaban tambon") Khao Yoi covers parts of "tambons" Khao Yoi, Sa Phang, Bang Khem, and Thap Khang. There are a further seven tambon administrative organizations (TAO) responsible for the non-municipal area.

</doc>
<doc id="7013249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013249" title="Cappella Sansevero">
Cappella Sansevero

The Cappella Sansevero (also known as the Cappella Sansevero de' Sangri or Pietatella) is a chapel located on Via Francesco de Sanctis 19, just northwest of the church of San Domenico Maggiore, in the historic center of Naples, Italy. The chapel is more properly named the Chapel of "Santa Maria della Pietà". It contains works of Rococo art by some of the leading Italian artists of the 18th century.
History.
Its origin dates to 1590 when John Francesco di Sangro, Duke of Torremaggiore, after recovering from a serious illness, had a private chapel built in what were then the gardens of the nearby Sansevero family residence, the Palazzo Sansevero. The building was converted into a family burial chapel by Alessandro di Sangro in 1613 (as inscribed on the marble plinth over the entrance to the chapel). Definitive form was given to the chapel by Raimondo di Sangro, Prince of Sansevero, who also included Masonic symbols in its reconstruction.
Until 1888 a passageway connected the Sansevero palace with the chapel.
The chapel received its alternative name of "Pietatella" from a painting of the Virgin Mary ("La Pietà"), spotted there by an unjustly arrested prisoner, as reported in the book "Napoli Sacra" by Cesare d'Engenio Caracciolo in 1623. When the chapel was constructed it was originally dedicated to "Santa Maria della Pietà", after the painting.
Works of art.
The chapel houses almost thirty works of art, among which are three particular sculptures of note. These marble statues are emblematic of the love of decoration in the Rococo period and their depiction of translucent veils and a fisherman's net represent remarkable artistic achievement. The "Veiled Truth" ("Pudicizia", also called "Modesty" or "Chastity") was completed by Antonio Corradini in 1752 as a tomb monument dedicated to Cecilia Gaetani dell'Aquila d'Aragona, mother of Raimondo. The 1753 "Christ Veiled under a Shroud" (also called "Veiled Christ"), by Giuseppe Sanmartino, shows the influence of the veiled "Modesty". The "Release from Deception" ("Disinganno") completed in 1753–54 by Francesco Queirolo of Genoa serves as a monument to Raimondo's father.
The ceiling, the "Glory of Paradise", was painted by Francesco Maria Russo in 1749. The original floor (most of the present one dates from 1901) was in black and white (said to symbolize good/evil) in the design of a labyrinth (a masonic symbol for "initiation").
In the basement there is a painting by the Roman artist Giuseppe Pesce, "Madonna con Bambino", dating from around 1750. It was painted using wax-based paints of Raimondo di Sangro's own invention. The prince presented this painting to his friend Charles Bourbon, king of Naples.
List of works.
The following is a list of the works of art in the chapel, numbered in the accompanying diagram, along with the artist:
Anatomical exhibits.
The chapel also displays two early examples of what was long thought to be a form of plastination in its basement. These "anatomical machines" ("macchine anatomiche") were thought to be examples of the process of "human metallization" ("metallizzazione umana") as implemented by anatomist Giuseppe Salerno ca. 1760 from a commission by Raimondo di Sangro. The exhibit consists of a mature male and a pregnant woman. Their skeletons are encased in the hardened arteries and veins which are colored red and blue respectively. Previously, historians have surmised that the corpses could have been created by injecting the hardening substances directly into the veins of living subjects. However, recent analysis shows no evidence of techniques involving injection. Analysis of the "blood vessels" indicate they are constructed of beeswax, iron wire, and silk.

</doc>
<doc id="7013252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013252" title="Transport and Telecommunication Institute">
Transport and Telecommunication Institute

Transport and Telecommunication Institute (TTI) (, TSI) (, ИТС) (previously known as RCAII and Riga Aviation University) is the largest university-type accredited non-state technical higher educational and scientific establishment in Riga, the capital of Latvia. It was established in 1999, although it also incorporates the core of a technical and aviation school which dates back to 1919. Main directions of academic activities include electronics and telecommunications, information technology and computer science, economics, management and business administration, transport and logistics.
History.
Prehistory.
The School of Aviation Mechanical Technicians was founded in Kiev, on May 24, 1919. The aircraft repair shops and pilot school were used as the school base. From Kiev, the school had been evacuated to Moscow and in 1921 it was relocated to Petrograd and renamed as Advanced Training Courses for Engineering Staff.
In 1938–39, a status of this educational establishment was changed due to the prevailing number of students and listeners raising the level of their skills. In May 1938 the courses were given a new name of First Aircraft Maintenance School. The school was renamed yet again in 1939. In 1946 it was reorganized as the First Leningrad Higher Military Aviation Engineering School.
Relocation to Latvia.
In June 1945 the school was relocated to Riga. In Riga, also the Second Leningrad Higher Military Aviation Engineering School was functioning that had been reorganized from the technical school with similar name. Both schools had two faculties. The first was for engineering and special electrical equipment, the second was for radio engineering and air armaments. In 1949 the schools merged to form Riga Higher Military Aviation Engineering School. In June 1960 the school was broken up and on its base the civil higher school was founded, the Riga Civil Air Fleet Engineers Institute. In 1967 in connection with the reorganization of the Main Directorate of Civil Air Fleet into the Ministry of Civil Aviation, the higher school was named as the Riga Civil Aviation Engineers Institute (RIIGA). On 25 February 1992, the RIIGA passed under the jurisdiction of the Latvian Republic and changed its name to the Riga Aviation Institute. By its 80th anniversary the RAU was the largest higher school in Latvia holding a third place in the ranking of the educational establishments in the country.
Founding of the current institute.
At the end of the 1990s the higher school faced a number of internal and external problems, and in August 1999 the Cabinet of Latvia made a decision about the liquidation of the RAU as the governmental higher school. Such wording encouraged its employees to reorganize this educational establishment by now into a non-governmental institution. On 6 September 1999, the joint stock company "Riga Aviation University" had been registered and from October of the same year it was renamed into the "Transport and Telecommunication Institute". TTI has been included into the Training Directory of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO).
Faculties.
The institute is divided into several faculties, including:

</doc>
<doc id="7013253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013253" title="Ajmaline">
Ajmaline

Ajmaline (also known by trade names Gilurytmal, Ritmos, and Aritmina) is an alkaloid that is classified as a 1-A antiarrhythmic agent. It is often used to induce arrhythmic contraction in patients suspected of having Brugada syndrome. Individuals suffering from Brugada syndrome will be more susceptible to the arrhythmogenic effects of the drug, and this can be observed on an electrocardiogram as an ST elevation.
The compound was first isolated by Salimuzzaman Siddiqui in 1931 from the roots of "Rauvolfia serpentina". He named it "ajmaline", after Hakim Ajmal Khan, one of the most illustrious practitioners of Unani medicine in South Asia. Ajmaline can be found in most species of the genus "Rauvolfia" as well as "Catharanthus roseus". In addition to Southeast Asia, "Rauvolfia" species have also been found in tropical regions of India, Africa, South America, and some oceanic islands. Other indole alkaloids found in "Rauvolfia" include reserpine, ajmalicine, serpentine, corynanthine, and yohimbine. While 86 alkaloids have been discovered throughout "Rauvolfia vomitoria", ajmaline is mainly isolated from the stem bark and roots of the plant.
Due to the low bioavailability of ajmaline, a semisynthetic propyl derivative called prajmaline (trade name Neo-gilurythmal) was developed that induces similar effects to its predecessor but has better bioavailability and absorption.
Biosynthesis.
Ajmaline is widely dispersed among 25 plant genera, but is of significant concentration in the Apocynaceae family. 
Ajmaline is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, composed of an indole from tryptophan and a terpenoid from iridoid glucoside secologanin. Secologanin is introduced from the triose phosphate/pyruvate pathway. 
Tryptophan decarboxylase (TDC) remodels tryptophan into tryptamine. Strictosidine synthase (STR), uses a Pictet–Spengler reaction to form strictosidine from tryptamine and secologanin. Strictosidine is oxidized by P450-dependent sarpagan bridge enzymes (SBE); to make polyneuridine aldehyde. Of the sarpagan-type alkaloids, polyneuridine is a key entry into the ajmalan-type alkaloids.
Polyneuridine Aldehyde is methylated by polyneuridine aldehydeesterase (PNAE), to synthesize 16-epi-vellosimine, which is acetylated to vinorine by vinorine synthase (VS). Vinorine is oxidized by vinorine hydroxylase (VH) to make vomilenine. Vomilenine reductase (VR) conducts a reduction of vomilenine to 1,2-dihydrovomilenine, using the cofactor NADPH. 1,2-dihydrovomilenine, is reduced by 1,2-dihydrovomilenine reductase (DHVR) to 17-O-acetylnorajmaline, with the same cofactor as VR: NADPH. 17-O-acetylnorajmaline is deacetylated by acetylajmalan esterase (AAE), to form norajmaline. Finally, norajmaline methyl transferase (NAMT) methylates norajmaline resulting in our desired compound: ajmaline.
Mechanism of action.
Ajmaline was first discovered to lengthen the refractory period of the heart by blocking sodium ion channels, but it has also been noted that it is also able to interfere with the hERG (human Ether-a-go-go-Related Gene) potassium ion channel. In both cases, Ajmaline causes the action potential to become longer and ultimately leads to bradycardia. When ajmaline reversibly blocks hERG, repolarization occurs more slowly because it is harder for potassium to get out due to less unblocked channels, therefore making the RS interval longer. Ajmaline also prolongs the QR interval since it can also act as sodium channel blocker, therefore making it take longer for the membrane to depolarize in the first case. In both cases, ajmaline causes the action potential to become longer. Slower depolarization or repolarization results in a lengthened QT interval (the refractory period), and therefore makes it take more time for the membrane potential to get below the threshold level so the action potential can be re-fired. Even if another stimulus is present, action potential cannot occur again until after complete repolarization. Ajmaline causes action potentials to be prolonged, therefore slowing down firing of the conducting myocytes which ultimately slows the beating of the heart.
Diagnosis of Brugada syndrome.
Brugada syndrome is a genetic disease that can result in mutations in the sodium ion channel (gene SCN5A) of the myocytes in the heart. Brugada syndrome can result in ventricular fibrillation and potentially death. It is a major cause of sudden unexpected cardiac death in young, otherwise healthy people. While the characteristic patterns of Brugada syndrome on an electrocardiogram may be seen regularly, often the abnormal pattern is only seen spontaneously due to unknown triggers or after challenged by particular drugs. Ajmaline is used intravenously to test for Brugada syndrome since they both affect the sodium ion channel. In an afflicted person who was induced with ajmaline, the electrocardiogram would show the characteristic pattern of the syndrome where the ST segment is abnormally elevated above the baseline. Due to complications that could arise with the ajmaline challenge, a specialized doctor should perform the administration in a specialized center capable of extracorporeal membrane oxygenator support.

</doc>
<doc id="7013256" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013256" title="Ying-Yang Twins">
Ying-Yang Twins



</doc>
<doc id="7013258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013258" title="Jogiakarta">
Jogiakarta



</doc>
<doc id="7013259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013259" title="SMS2000">
SMS2000



</doc>
<doc id="7013262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013262" title="Bushnell center for the performing arts">
Bushnell center for the performing arts



</doc>
<doc id="7013264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013264" title="Lorajmine">
Lorajmine

Lorajmine (17-monochloroacetylajmaline) is a drug that is a potent sodium channel blocker (more specifically, a class Ia antiarrhythmic agent) that was used for treating arrhythmia. It is derived from ajmaline, an alkaloid from the roots of "Rauvolfia serpentina", by synthetically adding a chloroacetate residue.

</doc>
<doc id="7013267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013267" title="Ma Fuxiang">
Ma Fuxiang

Ma Fuxiang (, Xiao'erjing: , French romanization: Ma-Fou-hiang or Ma Fou-siang; 4 February 1876 – 19 August 1932) was a Chinese Muslim scholar and military and political figure, spanning from the Qing Dynasty through the early Republic of China. His positions illustrated the power of family, the role of religious affiliations and the interaction of Inner Asian China and the national government of China. A prominent Muslim warlord in northwest China, Ma Fuxiang originally served under Dong Fuxiang, like other Ma Clique Muslim warlords such as Ma Anliang.
Ma was born in Linxia, Gansu. He was named the military governor of Xining and then of Altay, in Qing times. He held a large number of military posts in the northwestern region after the founding of the republic. He was governor of Qinghai in 1912, Ningxia from 1912 to 1920, and Suiyuan from 1920 to 1925. Having turned to Chiang Kai-shek in 1928, he was made chairman (governor) of the government of Anhui in 1930. He was elected a member of the National Government Commission and then appointed the mayor of Qingdao, special municipality. He was also the president of the Mongolian–Tibetan Commission and a member of the Central Executive Committee of the Kuomintang. He died in August 1932.
Life and military service.
Family history.
It was said by American scholar Louis M. J. Schram that Ma Fuxiang himself was of Sant'a descent, who had assimilated into the Hui community. The Santa (San-t'a) are known as the Dongxiang people. They are Mongol Muslims.
Schram reported that Ma Fuxiang's Sant'an ancestors belonged to a group of Mongols who converted to Islam under threat of death during the Qianlong Emperor's reign (1736–1796), since the area where they lived, around Hezhou, was dominated by Muslim Salar rebels at the time. Another separate group of Mongol Muslims existed in Hezhou's east. Their leaders claimed a lineage from the Yuan dynasty royal family.
However, no other source mentions this. He is just said to be a Hui with no mention of San-t'a/Dongxiang Mongol ancestors.
Qing Dynasty.
Ma Fuxiang was the son of Ma Qianling. His elder brothers were Ma Fushou, Ma Fulu and Ma Fucai (馬福財). He was the 4th son. He was educated in the Quran and Spring and Autumn Annals. He started studying with Ma Fulu at a martial arts hall in 1889; he and Ma Fushou then studied military school three years later. In 1895 he served under Gen. Dong Fuxiang, leading loyalist Chinese Muslims to crush a revolt by rebel Muslims in the Dungan revolt (1895–1896). The rebel Muslims were slaughtered and beheaded by the thousands by Ma Fuxiang's forces and his commanding officers received the severed heads from Ma. In 1897 a military Juren degree was awarded to Ma Fuxiang after he completed his military studies, and took the military exam.
Ma graduated in military science, having passed provincial examinations. Under the Qing dynasty he was promoted to Brigadier General at Palikum, New Dominion. (Xinjiang). He received his military training at Military School in Kansu.
Ma was transferred along with his brother Ma Fulu and several cousins as officers under Gen. Dong Fuxiang to Beijing in 1898. During the Boxer Rebellion, the Muslim troops came to be known as the "Kansu Braves" and fought against the Eight Nation Alliance. Ma Fuxiang killed many foreigners in combat. Ma led a cavalry charge against the foreign Eight Nation Alliance army at the Battle of Langfang, defeating them and forcing the Europeans to flee. He and Ma Fulu personally planned and led the attack, encircling the foreign troops with a pincer movement. The foreign invasion of Beijing was derailed by their efforts for another month. The Muslim troops engaged in fierce fighting at Zhengyang Gate in Beijing. Ma Fulu, and four of his cousins were killed in action in 1900 in Beijing during the Battle of Peking (1900), in total one hundred soldiers from his home village died in that battle at Zhengyang. He had commanded a brigade, and Ma Fuxiang took over the position after his brother's death. For the rest of the Boxer Rebellion his unit engaged in the Siege of the International Legations (Boxer Rebellion). He escorted the imperial family to Xi'an.
In March 1909 at Palikun, Xinjiang, he served as a "Brigade General". From July to August 1912 Ma was "Acting Chief Executive Officer of Kokonur" (de facto governor of Kokonor, later Qinghai Province). On 10 October 1912, he was in Altai as the "Commander of the Guards Division".
Beiyang.
During the Xinhai Revolution in 1912, Ma Fuxiang protected a Catholic mission from attacks by the Gelaohui in the Sandaohe district and he also protected another Catholic mission from attacks in 1916.
He and his nephew Ma Hongbin received the Order of Leopold (Belgium) ("King Leopold decoration") for their work.
Some Gansu Hui led by Ma Fuxiang joined the republicans. Gansu Hui general Ma Fuxiang did not participate with Ma Anliang in the battles with Shaanxi revolutionaries and refused to join the Qing Manchu Shengyun and Changgeng in their attempts to defend the Qing before the Qing abdication, instead the independence of Gansu from Qing control was jointly declared by non-Muslim gentry with Hui Muslim Ma Fuxiang. Ma Anliang, Changgeng and Shengyun failed to capture Shaanxi from the revolutionaries. In Ningxia, Qing forces were attacked by both Hui Muslim Gelaohui and Han Gelaohui members, while Hui general Ma Qi and Ma Yuanzhang were in the Qing forces fighting against them but Ma Yuanzhang defected to the republicans after Ma Anliang gave up on the Qing.
The Beiyang government and Yuan Shikai received Ma Fuxiang's steadfast support once he has accepted that the Qing dynasty's time had ended. The Republic appointed him to several military positions.
Ma Fuxiang was named military commander of Ningxia by president Yuan Shikai. Ma captured a Mongol separatist in Baotou and executed another Mongol prince who tried to declare himself emperor, a Buddhist monk named Ta-er Lilu-chi (Wu Daer Liufi). He was supported by the bandit Kao Shih-hsiu (Gao Shixiu). Ma Fuxiang defeated Kao in Ningxia in 1916 and the Mongol princes of Otoy, Üüsin and Qanggin pledged their allegiance to the fake emperor, presenting him with rifles. On 19 June 1916, Kao arrived with his Emperor, badly defeated by Ma Fushou, the brother of Ma Fuxiang and withdrew through Otoy to Sandaohe. In 1917, Kao was defeated at Shizzuizi, the Emperor and Kao's underlings were executed and Kao fled.
Ma Fuxiang's book, "Shuofang Daozhi", portrays these events. An account written by Frenchman Harry Serruys describes them.
"Ma Fuxiang, the commander of the Protective Army, dispatched Ma Fushou, chief of staff of the Brilliant Military Army, to attack the robbers in Zuuqa temple. Ma Fuxiang dispatched Fushou with an army to attack Kao's army at Zuuqa temple and destroyed the band. In the second month of 1917 Ma Fuxiang executed Wu Daer Liuji. Ma Fuxiang dispatched his nephew Ma Hongbin to attack Kao and Wu at Shizuishan. When Liu-chi was defeated, Ma Fuxiang ambushed him and defeated him again. Ma Fuxiang captured Yu Ling-yun, Su Xuefeng, Yao Zhankui, Zhang Zhenqing, Li Zongwen and several others; in all 18 men were executed. Ma Fuxiang wrote a commemorative inscription for men from Ningxia who died in the expedition against the bogus Emperor. In the third month of the sixth year of the Republic [1917], Ma Fuxiang was at the burial of his mother. As he reached Ning'anbu Ma Hongbin sent him a telegram stating that the bogus emperor and the other bogus generals had mounted an invasion from Suiyuan. After the victory, officers in charge of military headquarters and regular soldiers were honored."
Ma Fuxiang defeated brigands near Sandaohe (San-Tao-Ho) and expelled them from Ningxia, according to Belgian Catholic missionary J. Terstappen in 1915.
Han-Hui relations were improved during Ma Fuxiang's reign over Ningxia due to his policies.
Ma Fuxiang and the Jahriyya Sufi leader Ma Yuanzhang became enemies after Ma Fuxiang got very angry that Ma Yuanzhang refused to help him remove Zhang Guangjian as governor of Gansu and telegraphed Beijing that Zhang should remain as governor. Ma Fuxiang and other Gansu generals believed that a native of Gansu province should be governor rather than an outsider. Ma Fuxiang himself was considered the most eligible person to serve as Governor of Gansu after Zhang's unsuccessful term, because of his military service under the Qing and Republic of China and his rule over Ningxia.
He invested in the wool trade and a factory that made matches.
Ma Fuxiang effectively took Ma Anliang's place as de facto leader of Muslims in northwest China when Ma Anliang died in 1918.
Ma Fuxiang was involved in relief efforts in Lanzhou during the 1920 Haiyuan earthquake.
Ma was appointed Military Governor of Suiyuan by the Beiyang government and served in that position from 1921 to 1925. Suiyuan had a river valley and a railroad. American businessmen reported that Ma Fuxiang considered modernizing infrastructure in the region with motorized transport. A Department of Industry and a Department of Education were established in Suiyuan by Ma Fuxiang while he was military governor there.
Ma Fuxiang, a member of the Zhili clique, signed a denunciation of the Anhui clique and its military arm, the Anfu Club led by Xu Shuzheng and Duan Qirui. The denunciation was circulated through a telegram called Paoting-fu, on 12 July 1920. The Zhili clique was led by Wu Peifu. At the time Ma was Defense Commissioner of Ningxia, Gansu. This led to the Zhili–Anhui War.
The Gelaohui and Ma Fuxiang came to an agreement in 1922, in which Ma Fuxiang agreed to allow the Gelaohui to extort protection money from wool merchants in Baotou. Ma Fuxiang controlled Baotou militarily while the central government in Beijing controlled Baotou's jurisdiction.
Ma Fuxiang, as supervisor in Suiyuan, sent telegrams regarding the uniting of Rehe and Chahar for defense purposes from January–September 1924.
Ma Fuxiang allied with Gen. Wu Peifu and acquired land from the political separation of Inner Mongolia from Zhang Zuolin. Ma Fuxiang's nephew Ma Hongbin was in charge of his army, and his civil administrator was a non-Muslim. Ma Hongbin read to Upton Close the revelations of a prophet in Shandong who advocated the union of Buddhism, Islam, Daoism, Catholicism and Protestantism in China under Confucianism.
According to "The Trans-Pacific, Volume 6", Ma Fuxiang "religiously tolerant" and "materially progressive", since when he was served food cooked by non-Muslims or even presented with wine, while he was amidst with non-Muslims, he was willing to eat and drink. According to Upton Close, he did not drink wine or smoke tobacco, but he served them to guests.
Ma Fuxiang's wife died in 1927 in Beijing, and a funeral was held in Hochow. She was one of his multiple wives.
Kuomintang.
In 1924, Ma Fuxiang met with Kuomintang leader Dr. Sun Yat-sen in Beijing and informed him that he would welcome the leadership of Dr. Sun.
Ma Fuxiang then joined the Kuomintang during the Northern Expedition in 1928. He and his son Ma Hongkui were originally generals in Feng Yuxiang's army. He became a member of the Kuomintang Central Committee, member of the State Council, Mayor of Qingdao, Governor of Anhui and chairman of the Mongolian and Tibetan Affairs Commission. Ma Fuxiang founded Islamic organizations sponsored by the Kuomintang, including the China Islamic Association (Zhongguo Huijiao Gonghui).
Ma Fuxiang and other Muslim warlords like Ma Qi broke with Feng Yuxiang's Guominjun during the Central Plains War and pledged allegiance to Chiang Kai-shek and the Kuomintang in the name of nationalism. In his involvement in national politics, Ma was alone among the Muslim warlords.
Ma was governor of Anhui from March–September 1930.
In Nanjing in April 1931 Ma Fuxiang attended a national leadership conference with Chiang Kai-shek and Zhang Xueliang, in which Chiang and Zhang dauntlessly upheld that Manchuria was part of China in the face of the Japanese invasion.
Prominent Muslims like Ma Liang (general), Ma Fuxiang and Bai Chongxi met in 1931 in Nanjing to discuss inter communal tolerance between Hui and Han.
Ma gave explorer Sven Hedin permission to enter Gansu.
Ma was also appointed as a member of the Central Executive Committee of the Kuomintang.
Army.
Ma Fuxiang recruited Salars for his army, classifying them into five inner clans and eight outer clans. He designated the assimilated Tibetan-speaking Salars as the "outer" group. These Salars were both fluent in Salar and Chinese. Some were uniformed and had carbines, rifles, pistols and binoculars. Muslims from Hezhou served in his cavalry.
Dongxiang people were also known as Santa (San-t'a) people, and many of them reportedly served in Ma Fuxiang's army. It was even said that Ma Fuxiang himself was of Santa descent, and had assimilated into the Hui community. The Santa Muslim Dongxiang Mongols continued to play a major role in his army, protecting towns. Ma Fuxiang's Santa troops maintained an old Mongol and Qing custom of distributing specially marked arrows as tokens to officers to show their status.
Among the posts he held was Commander of the 6th Mixed Brigade of Gansu Army in 1922 and 7th Division of the Northwest Army in 1926.
Ma Fuxiang had inherited his army from his family, from Ma Fulu and Ma Qianling. He then bequeathed it on to his son Ma Hongkui.
Drug trafficking.
The opium trade thrived in Suiyuan province during the Republican era in China.
Opium (poppy) farming was already thriving in Suiyuan by the time Ma Fuxiang became the military governor in 1921, due to the fact that soldiers were not being paid their salaries at all, so they resorted to dealing with opium farmers to make money. Poppy farming had been banned by Ma Fuxiang in Gansu, but he admitted when he was appointed as Military Governor of Suiyuan that since the opium trade in Suiyuan was so rampant, that he both could not and would not deal with the situation.
In 1923, an officer of the Bank of China from Baotou found out that Ma Fuxiang was assisting the drug trade in opium which helped finance his military expenses. He earned a sum of $2 million from taxing those sales in 1923. General Ma had been using the Bank, a branch of the Government of China's exchequer, to arrange for silver currency to be transported to Baotou to use it to sponsor the trade.
While Ma caused opium to become rampant due to his support for the cultivation of opium and its trade in Suiyuan, he also enabled policies which benefited the residents in Suiyuan, filling posts in military, educational, and administrative manners with Suiyuan people and expanding education.
Senators started an impeachment against Ma Fuxiang over his involvement in the opium trade and farming. Ma had created a monopoly over the opium trade in addition to supporting the farming of opium.
It was hoped that Ma Fuxiang would have improved the situation, since Chinese Muslims were well known for opposition to smoking opium
Ma Fuxiang officially prohibited opium and made it illegal in Ningxia, but the Guominjun reversed his policy. By 1933, people from every level of society were abusing the drug and Ningxia was left in destitution
On 11 September 1930, Ma Fuxiang celebrated his birthday in Suiyuan, Inner Mongolia, His annual opium profits reached $15,000,000. A film of this event and his poppy fields was recorded by Universal Newspaper Newsreel.
Ma Fuxiang's army also contained many of the Chinese Muslim opium runners in western Inner Mongolia. A lot of the opium from Gansu was being traded by Ma Fuxiang's Hezhou (Ho Chou) Muslim cavalry.
Donations to education.
Ma Fuxiang, along with Ma Linyi, sponsored Imam Wang Jingzhai when he went on hajj to Mecca in 1921.
Ma Fuxiang supported Imam Hu Songshan.
The Hui Muslim Chengda Teacher's Academy was supported by Ma Fuxiang, along with other Kuomintang Muslim officials. The Chengda Teacher's Academy was involved in reforming education and instilling Chinese nationalism among the Hui Muslims.
Ma built many elementary and high schools for Muslims throughout northwest China. He founded the Association for the Promoting of Islamic Teaching in 1918 in the provincial capital of Gansu. For the purpose of educating and building a class of intellectuals among the Hui in northwest China, Beijing's Xibei Gongxue (the Northwestern Middle School) and the Yuehua were financed by Ma Fuxiang. He believed that modern education would help Hui Chinese build a better society and help China resist foreign imperialism and help build the nation. He had both the military authority and economic power to help fund education. Until he died in 1932, 100 yuan every month was donated by him for education.
He established a public library in Ningxia, and sponsored various Muslim schools. He was a Chinese nationalist and a Confucianist, and was praised for his "guojia yizhi" (national consciousness) by non-Muslims. He also invested in new editions and reprintings of Confucian and Islamic texts. He edited "Shuofang Daozhi". a gazette, and books such as "Meng Cang ZhuangKuang: Hui Bu Xinjiang fu".
A new edition of a book by Ma Te-hsin, "Ho-yin Ma Fu-ch'u hsien-sheng i-shu Ta hua tsung kuei Ssu tien yaohui", which was printed in 1865, was reprinted in 1927 by Ma Fuxiang.
Yunting (雲亭) was the courtesy name of Ma Fuxiang. A school, the Yunting Provincial Normal School, was named after him. Ma promoted Muslim women's education in Shaanxi.
Ideology.
Ma had an interest in Chinese classical learning and western engineering and science. He thought his own Hui people fiercely loyal but "primitive" and lacking in "the educational and political privileges of the Han Chinese". Ma encouraged Huis to assimilate into Chinese civilization and culture, and created the Assimilationist Group to promote this idea. Ma Fuxiang's assimilationist organization a mix of Islam and Confucianism with Hui being considered an integral part of China, the name of this organization was the Assimilationist (Neixiang) clique.
The learned "scholar" Gen. Ma Fuxiang was considered "progressive" while the senior de facto leader of Muslims in Northwest China, Gen. Ma Anliang, was considered "reactionary". Ma was considered both a warlord and a Muslim scholar.
Ma Fuxiang took a stance against religious sectarianism and the menhuan (Islamic sects in China) since he believed that it was the cause of violence, and in order to keep positive Han and Hui relations . He promoted education for Muslims instead of backing certain sects and Imams, and also studied Confucianism, and republished Islamic texts and translations. Ma supported strengthening China and promoting unity between different sects of Islam in China, which Imams like Hu Songshan advocated.
Calligraphy.
One of Ma Fuxiang's calligraphic works was a cursive rendering of the Chinese character for Tiger, 虎, in ink on a scroll. It was marked with his seals. It was auctioned at Oriental Art Sales in 1980, and at Christie's on 16–17 September 2010.
An inscription was written at Mount Tai by Ma Fuxiang.
Family.
Ma Fuxiang's father was Ma Qianling. Ma's son Ma Hongkui became a general in the National Revolutionary Army.
He had several wives. One of them died in 1927 in Beijing, and a funeral was held in Hochow. Another wife, Ma Tsai (te), was the one who gave birth to Ma Hongkui on 14 March 1892. She died in 1948.
His nephew was Ma Hongbin, another general. His brothers were Ma Fulu, Ma Fushou and Ma Fucai. He became a Sworn brother of President Chiang Kai-shek.
He became so prominent and well known that some Jewish organizations in the United States claimed that his father was Jewish.
Mongolia and Tibet.
Ma Fuxiang, as the chairman of the Mongolian and Tibetan Affairs Commission, made a statement that Mongolia and Tibet were parts of the Republic of China:
Our Party [the Guomindang] takes the development of the weak and small and resistance to the strong and violent as our sole and most urgent task. This is even more true for those groups which are not of our kind [Ch. fei wo zulei zhe]. Now the peoples [minzu] of Mongolia and Tibet are closely related to us, and we have great affection for one another: our common existence and common honor already have a history of over a thousand years... Mongolia and Tibet's life and death are China's life and death. China absolutely cannot cause Mongolia and Tibet to break away from China's territory, and Mongolia and Tibet cannot reject China to become independent. At this time, there is not a single nation on earth except China that will sincerely develop Mongolia and Tibet."
In 1930 Ma met with the Tibetan dKon-mchog-gro-nyi to talk about Tibetan matters, since he was assigned to deal with Tibetan related issues. Chiang Kai-shek had delegated dKon-mchog-gro-nyi to communicate with the 13th Dalai Lama over the issue of the 9th Panchen Lama, who had fled Tibet and joined the Chinese government after a dispute against the 13th Dalai Lama. The Dalai Lama sent a message to Ma Fuxiang on 28 December 1930, accusing the Panchen Lama's adherents of inciting Sichuan warlords during the Sino-Tibetan War.
During the Sino-Tibetan War, Ma Fuxiang, as head of the Mongolian and Tibetan Affairs Commission, sent a telegraph to Muslim Kuomintang official Tang Kesan ordering him to breach the agreement with Tibet, because he was concerned that political rivals among the Kuomintang in Nanjing were using the incident for their own gains.
Ma Fuxiang opened a session of the Mongolian Affairs Conference in 1931 with an inaugural speech. In the conference, China condemned the division of Outer Mongolia and Tannu Tuva by the Soviets. Ma then led the closing ceremony of the conference on 12 July.
Death.
Ma Fuxiang died around Lianghsiang, 19 August 1932, while he was traveling to Beijing to receive medical treatment, from Chikungsan around Hankou.

</doc>
<doc id="7013274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013274" title="Prajmaline">
Prajmaline

Prajmaline (Neo-gilurythmal) is a class Ia antiarrhythmic agent which has been available since the 1970s. Class Ia drugs increase the time one action potential lasts in the heart. Prajmaline is a semi-synthetic propyl derivative of ajmaline, with a higher bioavailability than its predecessor. It acts to stop arrhythmias of the heart through a frequency-dependent block of cardiac sodium channels.
Mechanism.
Prajmaline causes a resting block in the heart. A resting block is the depression of a person's Vmax after a resting period. This effect is seen more in the atrium than the ventricle. The effects of some Class I antiarrhythmics are only seen in a patient who has a normal heart rate (~1 Hz). This is due to the effect of a phenomenon called reverse use dependence. The higher the heart rate, the less effect Prajmaline will have.
Uses.
The drug Prajmaline has been used to treat a number of cardiac disorders. These include: coronary artery disease, angina, paroxysmal tachycardia and Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome. Prajmaline has been indicated in the treatment of certain disorders where other antiarrhythmic drugs were not effective.
Administration.
Prajmaline can be administered orally, parenterally or intravenously. Three days after the last dose, a limited effect has been observed. Therefore, it has been suggested that treatment of arrhythmias with Prajmaline must be continuous to see acceptable results.
Pharmacokinetics.
The main metabolites of Prajmaline are: 21-carboxyprajmaline and hydroxyprajmaline. Twenty percent of the drug is excreted in the urine unchanged.
Daily therapeutic dose is 40–80 mg.
Distribution half-life is 10 minutes.
Plasma protein binding is 60%.
Oral bioavailability is 80%.
Elimination half-life is 6 hours.
Volume of distribution is 4-5 L/kg.
Side Effects.
There are no significant adverse side-effects of Prajmaline when taken alone and with a proper dosage. Patients who are taking other treatments for their symptoms (e.g. beta blockers and nifedipine) have developed minor transient conduction defects when given Prajmaline.
Overdose.
An overdose of Prajmaline is possible. The range of symptoms seen during a Prajmaline overdose include: no symptoms, nausea/vomiting, bradycardia, tachycardia, hypotension, and death.
Other Potential Uses.
Due to Prajmaline's sodium channel-blocking properties, it has been shown to protect rat white matter from anoxia (82 +/- 15%). The concentration used causes little suppression of the preanoxic response.

</doc>
<doc id="7013285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013285" title="Fundamental weight">
Fundamental weight



</doc>
<doc id="7013288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013288" title="Chenard-Walcker">
Chenard-Walcker

Chenard-Walcker, also known as Chenard &amp; Walcker, was a French automobile and commercial vehicle manufacturer from 1898 to 1946. Chenard-Walcker then designed and manufactured trucks marketed via Peugeot sales channels until the 1970s. The factory was at first in Asnières-sur-Seine moving to Gennevilliers in 1906. The make is remembered as the winner of the first Le Mans 24 Hours Race in 1923.
History.
Ernest Chenard (1861–1922) was a railway engineer and maker of bicycles with a factory in the rue de Normandie at Asnières-sur-Seine, then just outside Paris on its north side. He joined with mining engineer Henri Walcker (1877–1912) in 1898 to make motor tricycles. Together they founded their automobile business on 19 January 1899, with Chenard in charge of design and Walcker sales and finance. The business was formally registered as Chenard, Walcker et Compagnie in 1900. In order to ensure short-term commercial viability they started out producing a quadricycle, but in 1900 their "first true automobile", the "Chenard et Walcker Type A" was homologated with the authorities. This had a two-cylinder, engine of their own design which drove the rear wheels through a four-speed gearbox and an unusual transmission system. From the gearbox there were two drive shafts, one to each rear hub, with the hubs driven by gear teeth cut on the inside. The car was shown at the 1901 Paris Salon. The "Chenard et Walcker Type B" followed in 1901 and a fuller range was very soon on offer.
In March 1906 the company went public, in the process being renamed as the Société Anonyme des Anciens Étabissements Chenard et Walcker, and moved to a new factory at Gennevilliers in 1908. The new name has caused confusion over the years as to whether the cars should be called Chenard-Walcker or Chenard et Walcker. Both names seem to have been used. Annual production steadily increased with a major market being the supply of taxis especially in Paris. In 1910 they made over 1500 cars making them the ninth largest car maker in France. A six-cylinder car of joined the line up in 1913 and at the outbreak of war in 1914 the model range consisted of the six-cylinder and fours of , and capacities.
During World War I Hispano-Suiza aircraft engines were made as well as military versions of the Type U car.
With peace, only production of the six-cylinder, now called the Model UU, was resumed but in 1920 a brand new four, the 12CV, was added. FAR commercial vehicles were also made. Following the death of Ernest Chenard in 1922, his son Lucien Chenard (1896–1971) took over.
The 3-litre car of 1922, designed by Henri Toutée (1884–1943) who had been with the company since 1906, with overhead camshaft engine was the winner of the first Le Mans 24 Hours Race, in 1923 driven by René Léonard and André Lagache, both engineers employed by Chenard et Walcker. A 2-litre version, the 10/12 was subsequently sold to the public.
In 1925 Chenard et Walcker was the fourth largest car maker in France. In 1927 the company entered into a tripartite "consortium" (collaboration) with Delahaye and Rosengart, sharing designs and components. Unic were also offered a place in the consortium but declined the offer. The "entente" was advertised in 1929 with the slogan "L'Union fait la force" The arrangement lasted almost four years, until 1931, when it would be Chenard et Walcker that broke with the other partners. In a letter dated 13 June 1930 to Delahaye, the company's president stated that it seemed quite impossible to continue the collaboration as it was then working, and the collaboration was formally dissolved at the end of September 1931, the fifteen intervening months having been used by the partners to configure their separate model ranges, although some "run-out" models from the period of the collaboration continued to appear after 1931.
Front independent suspension was introduced on some 1934 models and also front-wheel drive using Grégoire designs on the Super Aigle models but this was not a great success as it was launched at the same time as the Citroën Traction Avant but was considerably more expensive. In the same year the Aigle 8 with V-8 engine was launched.
Decline.
The company never had sufficient capital to modernise and the cars remained largely hand-built leaving them unable to compete on price. As a result, they went bankrupt in 1936 and were taken over by body maker Chausson. The 1938 models shared bodies with Matford, distinguishable only by the radiator grilles and were powered by Citroën or Ford V-8 engines. There were plans to rejuvenate (again) the appearance of the big Chenard &amp; Walcker "Aigle 22CV" model for 1939, giving it a raked grille, but this came to nothing and car production finally ceased in 1939 or 1940. In April 1940, an advertisement for the company's Matford-based passenger cars appeared in the French-language version of a leading Swiss-based but, by this time, the company appears to have been finishing up existing stocks of new cars rather than building more.
The war years.
In September 1939 France declared war on Germany and in June 1940 the German Army rapidly invaded and occupied Northern France. The war years were characterised by a desperate shortage of raw materials for civilian industry and of petrol. In 1940 Chenard &amp; Walcker presented the prototype for a light van based ambulance intended for the army, and this vehicle turned out to be the first in a long line of forward control light vans. By 1941 the van was listed for civilian use, powered by a compact two-stroke water-cooled engine which occupied a central position between the driver's right leg and the left leg of his passenger. Power output was in the region of which seems to have been barely compatible with the stated of carrying capacity. By 1942 fuel for civilian use had become virtually unobtainable and an electric-powered version of the little van was offered by a company called Sovel. Although the success of the little van was not sufficient to ensure the manufacturer a long-term future in vehicle production, the van itself endured. Towards the end of the 1940s Chausson (the company which by now had acquired Chenard &amp; Walcker) itself fell into the hands of Peugeot, and the van acquired the engine from the Peugeot 202. A few years later, in 1950, it was rebranded as the Peugeot D3 van. The last ones to carry the Chenard name were made in 1950.
Competition.
Chenard-Walcker won the inaugural 1923 24 Hours of Le Mans with one of three cars entered. Car number 9, driven by André Lagache and René Léonard, won the race by completing 128 laps. Four laps behind, in second place, came car number 10 driven by Raoul Bachmann and Christian Dauvergne. Their third entry, car number 11 driven by Fernand Bachmann and Raymond Glaszmann, completed 110 laps and finished in seventh place overall. All three cars were Type U 15CV Sport models competing in the 3.0 classification, within which they finished first, second, and fourth. Collectively they completed 362 laps, more than any other manufacturer in the race.
Tracteurs FAR.
FAR was a French truck manufacturer, affiliated with Chenard-Walcker. It was founded in 1919 and ceased manufacture in 1970. André Lagache, winner of the inaugural 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1923 driving a Chenard Walcker, was one of the founders of Tracteurs FAR and was denoted by the "A" in FAR.
Among the company's products was the 'Pony Mécanique', developed by the Napier motor company and improved in design by Oliver Danson North. It was a three-wheeled articulated tractor unit fitted with automatic coupling gear to enable rapid change of trailers. These vehicles were built under licence from UK company Scammell (Scammell "Mechanical Horse") from 1937 to 1970, but the FAR production used the Citroën Traction Avant engine.

</doc>
<doc id="7013296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013296" title="Sparteine">
Sparteine

Sparteine is a class 1a antiarrhythmic agent and sodium channel blocker. It is an alkaloid and can be extracted from scotch broom. It is the predominant alkaloid in "Lupinus mutabilis", and is thought to chelate the bivalent metals calcium and magnesium. It is not FDA approved for human use as an antiarrhythmic agent, and it is not included in the Vaughan Williams classification of antiarrhythmic drugs.
It is also used as a chiral ligand in organic chemistry, especially in syntheses involving organolithium reagents.
Biosynthesis.
Sparteine is a lupin alkaloid containing a tetracyclic bis-quinolizidine ring system derived from three C5 chains of lysine, or more specifically, -lysine. The first intermediate in the biosynthesis is cadaverine, the decarboxylation product of lysine catalyzed by the enzyme lysine decarboxylase (LDC). Three units of cadaverine are used to form the quinolizidine skeleton. The mechanism of formation has been studied enzymatically, as well as with tracer experiments, but the exact route of synthesis still remains unclear.
Tracer studies using 13C-15N-doubly labeled cadaverine have shown three units of cadaverine are incorporated into sparteine and two of the C-N bonds from two of the cadaverine units remain intact. The observations have also been confirmed using 2H NMR labeling experiments.
Enzymatic evidence then showed that the three molecules of cadaverine are transformed to the quinolizidine ring via enzyme bound intermediates, without the generation of any free intermediates. Originally, it was thought that conversion of cadaverine to the corresponding aldehyde, 5-aminopentanal, was catalyzed by the enzyme diamine oxidase. The aldehyde then spontaneously converts to the corresponding Schiff base, Δ1-piperideine. Coupling of two molecules occurs between the two tautomers of Δ1-piperideine in an aldol-type reaction. The imine is then hydrolyzed to the corresponding aldehyde/amine. The primary amine is then oxidized to an aldehyde followed by formation of the imine to yield the quinolizidine ring.
Via 17-oxosparteine synthase.
More recent enzymatic evidence has indicated the presence of 17-oxosparteine synthase (OS), a transaminase enzyme. The deaminated cadaverine is not released from the enzyme, thus is can be assumed that the enzyme catalyzes the formation of the quinolizidine skeleton in a channeled fashion . 7-oxosparteine requires four units of pyruvate as the NH2 acceptors and produces four molecules of alanine. Both lysine decarboxylase and the quinolizidine skeleton-forming enzyme are localized in chloroplasts.

</doc>
<doc id="7013302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013302" title="Zwitteron">
Zwitteron



</doc>
<doc id="7013307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013307" title="Ildebrando Zacchini">
Ildebrando Zacchini

Ildebrando Zacchini (July 31, 1868 – July 17, 1948) was an Italian-born painter, inventor, and travelling circus owner.
Inspired by the works of Jules Verne, Zacchini came up with an idea for a human cannonball act. Instead of explosives, Zacchini's human-firing cannon used compressed air, and he first tested it on his son Hugo Zacchini.
The idea for the cannonball act was initially proposed to the Italian government as a military maneuver to be used in conjunction with parachutes; when the proposal was rejected Zacchini looked to use the technique as part of an entertainment act.
Zacchini died in Tampa, Florida in 1948. Members of the Zacchini family were later inducted into the Ringling Brothers Circus Hall of Fame.
External links.
https://www.ancestry.com/genealogy/records/ildebrando-zacchini-24-29n4ly

</doc>
<doc id="7013309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013309" title="Aprindine">
Aprindine

Aprindine is a Class 1b antiarrhythmic agent and has antiarrhythmic properties similar to lidocaine.

</doc>
<doc id="7013320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013320" title="Lorcainide">
Lorcainide

Lorcainide (Lorcainide hydrochloride) is a Class 1c antiarrhythmic agent that is used to help restore normal heart rhythm and conduction in patients with premature ventricular contractions, ventricular tachycardiac and Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome. Lorcainide was developed by Janssen Pharmaceutica (Belgium) in 1968 under the commercial name Remivox and is designated by code numbers R-15889 or Ro 13-1042/001. It has a half-life of 8.9 +- 2.3 hrs which may be prolonged to 66 hrs in people with cardiac disease.
Arrhythmia.
Cardiac dysrhythmia is a heart rate disorder that manifests as an altered cardiac rhythm. It results from either abnormal pacemaker activity or a disturbance in impulse propagation, or both. Arrhythmias can be caused by various conditions including ischemia, hypoxia, pH disruptions, B adrenergic activation, drug interactions or the presence of diseased tissue. These events can trigger the development of ectopic pacemaker in the heart, which emit abnormal impulses at random times during the cardiac cycle. An arrhythmia can present itself as either bradycardia or tachycardia. Untreated arrhythmias may progress to atrial fibrillation or ventricular fibrillation. Treatment is aimed at normalizing cardiac rhythm by altering ion flow across the membrane. Antiarrhythmic agents can reduce arrhythmia related symptoms such as palpitations or syncope; however, they often have a narrow therapeutic index and can also be proarrhythmic.
Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome.
Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome (WPW) is a pre-excitation syndrome in which individuals are predisposed to supraventricular tachyarrhythmias (rapid and irregular heart beats). People with this condition have an extra or accessory atrioventricular conduction pathway that causes re-entry tachycardia. WPW is characterized by a short PR interval (&lt;0.12 second) and a prolonged, slurred QRS complex (&gt;0.12 seconds).
Class 1c activity.
Fast-acting voltage-gated sodium channels (Nav1.5) found in high concentrations in the ventricular myocytes, open at a membrane potential of −80 mv in typical cardiac rhythm. This will result in a rapid upstroke of an action potential that leads to contraction of the ventricles. Class 1c drugs have local anesthetic properties and have a high affinity for open Nav1.5 (but not closed or inactive Nav1.5), thus irreversibly binding and reducing the fast Na+ influx. Interactions of Lorcainide with Nav1.5 are time and voltage dependent. Class 1c drugs have a characteristically slow dissociation rate, which will slow the upstroke duration and amplitude of ventricular myocytes’ action potential and prolong the PR, QRS and QT intervals of an ECG. Lorcainide also increases the ventricular fibrillation threshold in a dose-dependent fashion. Overall, Lorcainide causes a decrease in tachycardiac events, but also reduced ventricular contractility ejection fraction. 
The effect on sinus node function is controversial, as some researchers have noted a decreased sinus cycle length and increase in sinus node recovery, whereas others have observed no change.
Other activities.
Lorcainide inhibits adenosine 5’-triphosphate (ATP)-hydrolytic action of myocardial Na+K+ATPase in-vitro in a concentration dependent manner. The mode of action and the implications of this finding are not well known.
Benefits and risks.
Lorcainide exhibits a prolonged duration of action (approximately 8-10 hrs), is well absorbed when taken orally and has a good safety profile as well as a good drug efficacy. Hematologic, biochemical and urinary analysis of Lorcainide revealed no significant abnormalities. However, an increased prevalence of central nervous system effects, including headache, dizziness and sleep disturbances have been associated with oral dosages of Lorcainide when compared to intravenous administration. This could be due to a greater accumulation of plasma Noriorcainide when exposed to oral Lorcainide. Noriorcainide, an N-dealkylated derivative, is an active metabolite of Lorcainide. It is as potent as its parent compound with similar antiarrhythmic efficacy, wherein it suppresses chronic premature ventricular complexes. It has a half life of 26.5 +-7.2 hrs.
Synthesis.
The starting material is the imine formed by combining 4-chloroaniline and "N"-carbethoxy-4-piperidone, which is reduced with sodium borohydride and then acylated with the acid chloride of phenylacetic acid to produce an amide. Selective hydrolysis with hydrobromic acid, followed by alkylation with isopropyl bromide gives lorcainide.

</doc>
<doc id="7013324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013324" title="Killer Klowns">
Killer Klowns



</doc>
<doc id="7013329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013329" title="Bunaftine">
Bunaftine

Bunaftine (or bunaphtine) is an antiarrhythmic agent. It is classified in class III.

</doc>
<doc id="7013332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013332" title="John Scott Maclay, 1st Viscount Muirshiel">
John Scott Maclay, 1st Viscount Muirshiel



</doc>
<doc id="7013335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013335" title="Source Of The Nile">
Source Of The Nile



</doc>
<doc id="7013337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013337" title="A1156 road">
A1156 road



</doc>
<doc id="7013355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013355" title="Ðyle">
Ðyle



</doc>
<doc id="7013365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013365" title="Araucarioxylon">
Araucarioxylon



</doc>
<doc id="7013369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013369" title="Flach frederic">
Flach frederic



</doc>
<doc id="7013372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013372" title="State Route 305 (Virginia pre-1940)">
State Route 305 (Virginia pre-1940)



</doc>
<doc id="7013375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013375" title="West Virginia Route 501 (1940)">
West Virginia Route 501 (1940)



</doc>
<doc id="7013377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013377" title="Participatory rural appraisal">
Participatory rural appraisal

Participatory rural appraisal (PRA) is an approach used by non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and other agencies involved in international development. The approach aims to incorporate the knowledge and opinions of rural people in the planning and management of development projects and programmes.
Origins.
The philosophical roots of participatory rural appraisal techniques can be traced to activist adult education methods such as those of Paulo Freire and the study clubs of the Antigonish Movement. In this view, an actively involved and empowered local population is essential to successful rural community development. Robert Chambers, a key exponent of PRA, argued that the approach owes much to "the Freirian theme, that poor and exploited people can and should be enabled to analyze their own reality."
By the early 1980s, there was growing dissatisfaction among development experts with both the reductionism of formal surveys, and the biases of typical field visits. In 1983, Robert Chambers, a Fellow at the Institute of Development Studies (UK), used the term "rapid rural appraisal" (RRA) to describe techniques that could bring about a "reversal of learning", to learn from rural people directly. Two years later, the first international conference to share experiences relating to RRA was held in Thailand. This was followed by a rapid acceptance of usage of methods that involved rural people in examining their own problems, setting their own goals, and monitoring their own achievements. By the mid-1990s, the term RRA had been replaced by a number of other terms including "participatory rural appraisal" (PRA) and "participatory learning and action" (PLA).
Robert Chambers acknowledged that the significant breakthroughs and innovations that informed the methodology came from community development practitioners in Africa, India and elsewhere. Chambers helped PRA gain acceptance among practitioners. Chambers explained the function of participatory research in PRA as follows:
Overview of techniques.
Over the years techniques and tools have been described in a variety of books and newsletters, or taught at training courses. However, the field has been criticized for lacking a systematic evidence-based methodology.
The basic techniques used include:
To ensure that people are not excluded from participation, these techniques avoid writing wherever possible, relying instead on the tools of oral communication and visual communication such as pictures, symbols, physical objects and group memory. Efforts are made in many projects, however, to build a bridge to formal literacy; for example by teaching people how to sign their names or recognize their signatures. Often developing communities are reluctant to permit invasive audio-visual recording.
Developmental changes in PRA.
Since the early 21st century, some practitioners have replaced PRA with the standardized model of community-based participatory research (CBPR) or with participatory action research (PAR). Social survey techniques have also changed during this period, including greater use of information technology such as fuzzy cognitive maps, e-participation, telepresence, social network analysis, topic models, geographic information systems (GIS), and interactive multimedia...

</doc>
<doc id="7013388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013388" title="Maria de los Angeles Felix">
Maria de los Angeles Felix



</doc>
<doc id="7013397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013397" title="Emil Richards">
Emil Richards

Emil Richards (born Emilio Joseph Radocchia; September 2, 1932 – December 13, 2019) was an American vibraphonist and percussionist.
Biography.
Musician.
Richards began playing the xylophone aged six. In High School, he performed with the Hartford Symphony Orchestra. He studied with Al Lepak at the Hartt School of Music in Hartford, graduating in 1952. After being drafted, he belonged to an Army band in Japan and played with Toshiko Akiyoshi. He cited Lionel Hampton as his first and biggest influence on vibraphone.
In 1954, Richards moved to New York City, where he played with Charles Mingus, Ed Shaughnessy, and Ed Thigpen while doing studio recordings for Perry Como, the Ray Charles Singers, and Mitchell Ayres. For about three years, he was a member of a group led by George Shearing, then moved to Los Angeles and worked with Don Ellis and Paul Horn. He led his own band, the Microtonal Blues Band, and spent time with composer and inventor Harry Partch. As a sideman, he accompanied George Harrison on tour and recorded with Frank Sinatra, Frank Zappa, Doris Day, Judy Garland, Nelson Riddle, Steely Dan, and Sarah Vaughan.
Richards worked often as a studio musician for movies and television. His credits include playing bongos on the theme song for the television program "". Other television work included finger snaps for the "Addams Family" theme, and xylophone work for the opening theme of "The Simpsons". He led a band with Joe Porcaro, and he released a solo album, "The Wonderful World of Percussion". His mallet pupils included Morten Grønvad, Stan Levey and Bo Wagner. Richards died on December 13, 2019.
Collector.
In 1962, Richards went on a worldwide tour with Frank Sinatra to raise money for poor children. The tour increased Richards's fascination with ethnic percussion instruments. During his career, he collected over 350 instruments, many of them more common in the East than the West. Richards wanted his instruments to continue to be heard in recordings and other performances and to remain together as much as possible. The Emil Richards Collection includes common percussion, such as xylophone and marimba and exotic, such as the angklung, bulbul tarang, chimta, flapamba, jal tarang, janggu, lujon, mbira, and pakhavaj.
In 1992, he gave sixty-five instruments to the Percussive Arts Society museum in Lawton, Oklahoma. He was a member of the Society's Hall of Fame. Part of the collection was sold to Los Angeles Percussion Rentals. Many instruments were restored and are used in recordings and other performances in Los Angeles. LAPR works with Odd Art Fabrications to custom design and fabricate instruments and hardware such as chromatically tuned wood blocks and chromatically tuned bell plate.
Discography.
As leader.
With The Surfmen
As sideman.
With Louis Bellson
With Alessi Brothers
With Frank Capp
With Rosemary Clooney
With Nat King Cole
With George Duke
With Michael Giacchino
With George Harrison
With Paul Horn
With James Newton Howard
With Quincy Jones
With Roger Kellaway
With Stan Kenton
With Julie London
With Henry Mancini
With Harry Partch
With Shorty Rogers
With Lalo Schifrin
With Shadowfax
With George Shearing
With Frank Sinatra
With The Manhattan Transfer
With L. Subramaniam
With Frank Zappa
With Hans Zimmer
With others

</doc>
<doc id="7013418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013418" title="Electroantenogram">
Electroantenogram



</doc>
<doc id="7013421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013421" title="Sobekhotep III">
Sobekhotep III

Sekhemre Sewadjtawy Sobekhotep III was an Egyptian king of the mid Thirteenth Dynasty of Egypt who reigned three to four years.
Family.
Parents and siblings.
The family of the king is known from several sources. A monument from Sehel Island shows Sobekhotep with his father Mentuhotep, his mother was king's mother Iuhetibu (Yauheyebu), his brothers Seneb and Khakau, and a half-sister called Reniseneb. Reniseneb was a daughter of Iuhetibu and her second husband Dedusobek.
Wife and children.
Sobekhotep III had two wives, Senebhenas and Neni. A stela from Koptos (Qift), now in the Louvre (C 8), mentions the daughters of Neni: Iuhetibu Fendy and Dedetanqet. Iuhetibu Fendy wrote her name in a cartouche. This is the second time in Egyptian history that a king's daughter received this honor.
Senebhenas is shown with Sobekhotep on an altar in Sehel Island and a stela in Wadi el-Hol. The stela depicts Sobekhotep III before the god Monthu. He receives an ankh and a was-scepter from the god. Sobekhotep is followed by his father Montuhotep, his mother Iuhetibu, and his wife Senebhenas.
Early life.
A number of scarab seals have been found that were from an "officier of the ruler's table" Sobekhotep begotten of the "officier of the ruler's table" Mentuhotep. It is possible that these seals belonged to Sobekhotep III before he became king.
Reign.
Sobekhotep III is known from many objects despite the fact that the Turin King List gives him a reign of only four years and two to four months in length. He added inscriptions to the temple of Menthu at Madamud and built a chapel at El Kab. On Sehel an altar with his name was found.
Sobekhotep III was the first of a group of Thirteenth Dynasty kings about whom there exists historical records. This group of Thirteenth Dynasty kings are all known from many objects. These kings produced many seals and there are many private monuments that can be dated to these reigns. This would seem to indicate that Egypt was relatively stable during this period.
Attestations.
The main attestations of Sobekhotep III are found in Upper Egypt. Only small finds (tradables) are attested in Lower Egypt and Nubia. For a full list, see Ryholt 1997:343-44 File 13/26 Sobekhotep III is also indirectly attested by monuments owned by people associated with him.
Nubia.
At the fortress of Mirgissa (Nubia), a scarab-impression with the royal name of Sobekhotep III and the King's Mother Iuhetibu. Also a seal-impression with the name Sekhemre Sewadjtawy, a seal with two impressions.
Non-contemporary attestation.
Karnak King List.
The Karnak King List does not mention Sobekhotep III in its preserved cartouches.
Turin King List.
The Turin King List 7:24 contains the entry: "The Dual King Sekhem[ka]re Wadjtawy Sobekhotep, 4 years, 2 months x days"
("nsw-bit sḫm-kꜢ-rꜤ wꜢḏ-tꜢ.wy sbk-ḥtp rnpt 4 Ꜣbd 2 hrw x"). In the list, Sekhemre Wadjtawy Sobekhotep is preceded by [Mer]ib[ra] ...Seth (7:23) and succeeded by Khasekhemre Neferhotep, son of Haankhef (7:25).

</doc>
<doc id="7013422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013422" title="Union Stade Bordelais-Club Athlétic Bordeaux-Bègles Gironde">
Union Stade Bordelais-Club Athlétic Bordeaux-Bègles Gironde



</doc>
<doc id="7013423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013423" title="Don Fisher">
Don Fisher

Donald Raymond Fisher (February 6, 1916 – July 29, 1973) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who appeared in two games for the New York Giants in 1945. The 29-year-old rookie was a native of Cleveland, Ohio.
Fisher is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. Fisher did not play minor league baseball for several years before joining the Giants. The Giants instead signed him directly out of the semi-pro ranks.
He made his major league debut in relief on August 25, 1945, against the Brooklyn Dodgers at Ebbets Field. He pitched the last five innings of one of the games of the doubleheader and gave up four earned runs.
Fisher played his next and last game on September 30, 1945, the last day of the season, he started the first game of a doubleheader against the Boston Braves at Braves Field. He pitched a 13-inning complete game shutout, winning 1–0.
In 18 total innings pitched, Fisher allowed just 19 baserunners and 4 earned runs, giving him an ERA of 2.00 to go along with his 1–0 record.
Fisher died at the age of 57 in Mayfield Heights, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="7013425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013425" title="Retainer (dentistry)">
Retainer (dentistry)



</doc>
<doc id="7013428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013428" title="Port Tower">
Port Tower

A Port Tower is a control tower structure used by a port authority found at seaports. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7013431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013431" title="Darryl Jones (politician)">
Darryl Jones (politician)



</doc>
<doc id="7013432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013432" title="AlJawal">
AlJawal



</doc>
<doc id="7013433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013433" title="Mike Merriweather">
Mike Merriweather

Michael Lamar Merriweather (born November 26, 1960) is an American former professional football player who was a linebacker in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the Pacific Tigers and was selected by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the third round of the 1982 NFL draft. He played for professionally for the Steelers, Minnesota Vikings, New York Jets, and Green Bay Packers during the 1980s and 1990s.
Early life.
Merriweather was born in Albany, New York, and attended Vallejo High School in northern California, where he played football, baseball, and basketball. He graduated from University of the Pacific in Stockton, where he played college football for the Tigers. Merriweather is a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity.
Professional career.
Merriweather was selected in the third round (70th overall) of the 1982 NFL draft by the Pittsburgh Steelers. He was elected to the Pro Bowl in three consecutive seasons: 1984, 1985, and 1986. In 1984, Merriweather was fifth in the NFL with fifteen sacks (Mark Gastineau led the league with 22), and was named first-team all-NFL that year. He was named the Steelers' Most Valuable Player in 1987.
After a salary dispute which saw him sit out the entire 1988 season, Merriweather was traded to the Minnesota Vikings for a first-round pick. In his first season with Minnesota in 1989, he became the first in NFL history to score the winning points in an overtime game with a safety when he blocked a punt out of the end zone in a game against the Los Angeles Rams for a final score of 23–21. Vikings' placekicker Rich Karlis had scored a then-record seven field goals, accounting for all 21 points that sent the game into overtime.
Merriweather's last year at Minnesota was 1992, and he played his final season in 1993 for the New York Jets and Green Bay Packers.
In 1993, Merriweather was inducted into the Pacific Athletics Hall of Fame. He was inducted into the Vallejo Sports Hall of Fame in 2004, and was inducted into the Sac-Joaquin Section Hall of Fame in 2012.
Life after the NFL.
After leaving the NFL, Merriweather worked as an insurance broker in Sacramento, California. In 2013, he became the athletic director at Vacaville Christian High School. He and his wife Sandra live in Stockton, California.

</doc>
<doc id="7013440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013440" title="Little Terrorist">
Little Terrorist

Little Terrorist is a 2004 Indian short film directed, written and produced by Ashvin Kumar. It was nominated for the 2005 Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film. Ashvin Kumar is the son of fashion designer Ritu Kumar, and made his debut with "Road to Ladakh" (2002), starring Irrfan Khan and Koel Purie.
Production.
The leading cast of the movie consisted of Zulfuqar Ali (Jamal), Sushil Sharma and Megnaa Mehtta. None of them had ever acted in a movie before this and while Zulfuqar is a street child, Sushil Sharma is a clerk in the government service in Delhi and Megnaa was a 12th standard student at the time of shooting the movie.
The production of the film commenced in November 2003 and was completed in March 2004. The crew were selected by Alipur Films via Shooting People, the online filmmakers community and worked free of cost for the movie and even travelled to India at their own expense.
The movie was shot in the deserts of Rajasthan on a very tight budget. The crew faced various difficulties due to the multilingual production team, remote locations and the shoestring budget. These were further complicated when a tent with the reel burnt down. The crew were however able to salvage the reel from the tent. At another time, a herd of cows stampeded through the shooting location.
Synopsis.
The movie revolves around Jamal (played by Salim), a 10-year-old Pakistani Muslim boy. While playing cricket near the Indo Pakistani border, the cricket ball is tossed over to the Indian side of the border separated by a fence.
Jamal crosses the fence to fetch the ball. He is however spotted by the Indian security forces. He hides in an Indian village where he is provided shelter by Bhola (Sushil Sharma), a devout Hindu Brahmin. Both Bhola and his niece, Rani (Megnaa Mehtta), are sceptical about allowing a Muslim boy in their home.
However, when the security forces come looking for Jamal in the village, he is protected by Bhola and Rani.
Jamal does manage to return to Pakistan in the end.
Awards.
Since its world premiere in September 2004, the film has been invited to 103 film festivals and has won awards in fourteen of them.
Chief among them was the nomination for Academy Awards, USA in the Best Live action short films category. It was also nominated for the best short film award in the European Film Awards.
It went on to win the audience award in the Almería International Short Film Festival, the UIP Ghent Award for European Short Films in the Flanders International Film Festival, the grand prize in the Manhattan Short Films festival and the first prize in the Short Films category in the Montréal World Film Festival.
The movie was officially mentioned and selected in various other competitions. It also won an honourable mention by BAFTA LA. It is the first Indian short film to get a theatrical release in India.
The film features on the list of "10 Shorts You Must See" at | url = http://www.making-short-films.com/ |

</doc>
<doc id="7013445" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013445" title="Cottage Savings Ass'n v. Commissioner">
Cottage Savings Ass'n v. Commissioner

Cottage Savings Association v. Commissioner, 499 U.S. 554 (1991), was an income tax case before the Supreme Court of the United States.
The Court was asked to determine whether the exchange of different participation interests in home mortgages by a savings and loan association was a "disposition of property" under § 1001(a) of the Internal Revenue Code (since this was the requirement for them to realize, and deduct, their losses on these mortgages).
The Court determined that it was a "disposition of property" by making the following three holdings:
Background.
Cottage Savings Association was a savings &amp; loan association (S&amp;L) serving the Greater Cincinnati area. Like many other S&amp;L's, Cottage Savings had a large number of long-term, low-interest mortgages on its books, which declined in value as interest rates increased during the late 1970s.
These S&amp;Ls could have achieved a tax savings from selling these mortgages at a loss, but they were dissuaded from doing so because the accounting regulations of the Federal Home Loan Bank Board (FHLBB) would have required them to report these losses on their books, possibly putting them into insolvency. Hoping to find another way for these S&amp;Ls to realize their tax losses, the FHLBB promulgated a new regulation called "Memorandum R-49", under which the S&amp;Ls would not have to show a loss on their books if they exchanged their mortgages for "substantially identical" mortgages held by other lenders.
Cottage Savings made a transaction pursuant to this regulation by exchanging 90% participation interests in 252 mortgages to four other S&amp;Ls, receiving in return 90% participation interests in 305 mortgages. All the mortgages involved in the transaction were for homes in the Greater Cincinnati region. The fair market value of the interests exchanged by each side was approximately $4.5 million. The face value of the interests which Cottage Savings relinquished was approximately $6.9 million. On its 1980 federal income tax return, Cottage Savings claimed a loss of $2,447,091, the adjusted difference between the face value of the participation interests it gave up and fair market value of the interests it received.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue disallowed Cottage Savings' deduction, so the S&amp;L filed a petition for redetermination in the United States Tax Court, which reversed the Commissioner's decision and permitted the deduction. The Commissioner appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, which reversed the decision of the Tax Court, holding that even though Cottage Savings realized a loss in the transaction, it had not actually realized the loss during the 1980 tax year. The U.S. Supreme Court then granted certiorari.
Issues.
§ 1001(a) of the Internal Revenue Code requires that the tax consequences of a gain or loss in property value be deferred until it is realized by "the sale or other disposition of property". Since the transaction was certainly not a sale, the Court identified the main legal issue to be whether the exchange was a "disposition of property." 
Thus, to determine whether the exchange was a "disposition of property," the court first had to determine whether §1001 incorporated a "material difference" requirement, and if so, what that requirement involved.
Opinion of the Court.
In an opinion by Justice Marshall, the Court came to three key findings:
Material difference is a requirement for a disposition under §1001. Justice Marshall cited Treasury Regulation §1.1001-1 (), which required that an exchange of materially different properties constitutes a realization under the Tax Code. Congress delegated to the Commissioner the authority to make rules and regulations to enforce the Internal Revenue Code. Because Title 26 of the Code of Federal Regulations represents the Commissioner's interpretation of the Code, the Court deferred to the Commissioner's judgment, holding that the regulation was a reasonable interpretation of the Code and consonant with prior case law.
Material difference defined. Justice Marshall defined what constituted a "material difference" in property under §1001 by examination at what point "realization" had been found in past case law. He started with "Eisner v. Macomber" (1920), which dealt with exchange of stock in corporations. In several cases after "Eisner", the court held that an exchange of stock which occurred when a corporation reorganized in another state was a realization, because corporations have different rights and power in different states. Marshall reasoned that properties materially differ for tax purposes when their respective possessors enjoy different legal entitlements from each. As long as the properties being exchanged were not identical, a realization had taken place. This was a simpler, black letter rule, as compared to what the Commissioner was arguing for, which would have examined not just the underlying substance of the transaction, but also the market and other non-tax regulations.
The properties exchanged were "materially different." Justice Marshall held that the participation interests exchanged by Cottage Savings and the other S&amp;Ls were "materially different" because the loans involved were made to different obligors and secured by different properties. Even though the interests were "substantially identical" for the FHLBB's purposes, that did not mean they were not materially different for taxation purposes. Therefore, the exchange was a "disposition of property," Cottage Savings had realized a loss, and their deduction was appropriate.
Dissent.
Justice Blackmun dissented, joined by Justice White.
Academic Commentary.
The emphasis in "Cottage Savings" on realization as an administrative requirement makes evident the capricious role that realization plays in the tax field.

</doc>
<doc id="7013447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013447" title="Alex Flanagan">
Alex Flanagan

Alex Flanagan (née Wystrach; born on September 23, 1973) is the Vice president of Broadcasting for the Montag group, a Wasserman company and a former American sportscaster. She is a graduate of the University of Arizona. She began her career as a news reporter and anchor and began covering sports in 1998. She has worked for networks including, NBC Sports, NFL Network, ESPN, and Fox Sports.
Fox Sports.
In 1998, Bruce Fraser, a friend and former teammate of Flanagan's husband, helped her get an interview with a neighbor who worked for Fox. During the interview she met executives at Fox Sports, who had recently launched Fox Sports News (now Fox Sports Networks). Flanagan was hired as a reporter for the National Sports Report and as a producer/reporter on the Emmy-nominated weekly sports investigative magazine show Goin' Deep, hosted first by Joe Buck and later by Chris Myers. While working for "Goin' Deep," Alex was introduced to former Fox Sports anchor Keith Olbermann, whose office was next to her desk. A year or so later, Olbermann was given his own weekly show, "The Keith Olbermann Evening News." He picked Alex to be his only full-time reporter.
ESPN.
Flanagan left Fox Sports in 2000 for ESPN. She spent five years reporting from the college football sidelines for ESPN. First teamed with Rod Gilmore and Steve Levy on Friday night football and the trio called the Rose Bowl for ESPN Radio on Jan. 1, 2003. In 2004 she was part of ESPN2's College Football Saturday Primetime crew first teamed with Mike Tirico, then Dave Barnett, Bill Curry and Mike Golic and then with Sean McDonough and Mike Gottfried. She also served as a sideline reporter for the College World Series, the Women's Tennis Association's tour championships, NCAA men's college basketball, and the NCAA Women's basketball tournament. Flanagan worked both in the remote division and the studio for ESPN. As a reporter for "SportsCenter", she frequently filed reports on the Lakers, Dodgers, Angels, UCLA, USC and the Chargers. She covered spring training, the NBA playoffs, college football bowl games, the NCAA Men's basketball tournament and did a weekly segment for "NFL Monday Night Countdown". She also launched an entertainment-themed segment for "SportsCenter" called “Hollywood Highlights”, served as co-host of the Home Depot College Football Awards and ESPN Classic road shows.
NFL Network and Los Angeles Chargers.
Flanagan was hired by the NFL Network as a host and reporter in 2006. She was the network's first full-time female studio host. She covered twelve Super Bowls and hosted a variety of studio programs including "NFL Total Access".
In 2008, Steve Bornstein, president and CEO of NFL Network, announced Flanagan would be part of a new two-hour Sunday morning football show called "NFL GameDay Morning." Flanagan served as cohost with Spero Dedes.
In 2010, Flanagan joined play-by-play announcer Bob Papa and analysts Matt Millen and Joe Theismann when the NFL Network added her as its first sideline reporter for "Thursday Night Football" (TNF). She was also featured on the pre-game and post-game shows. From 2011 to 2013 she was part of the TNF broadcaster team with Play-by-Play announcer Brad Nessler and analyst Mike Mayock.
Flanagan worked for the Chargers as the team's preseason reporter with Spero Dedes and Dan Fouts. She emceed of the NFL draft for the league with Michael Irvin in 2016 and Maurice Jones-Drew during the 2017 NFL draft on Friday, April 28, 2017, in Philadelphia.
Flanagan covered the East West Shrine Bowl game and the Reeses Senior Bowl in Mobile, Alabama from 2015 to 2018 for the NFL Network. Her 2018 interview with one-handed UCF standout linebacker Shaquem Griffin during the fourth quarter of the Senior Bowl started trending after teammates and coaches interrupted him."Oh, lord!" Griffin exclaimed, before running to grab his helmet. He was supposed to be on punt team duty.
Notre Dame Football on NBC and Football Night in America.
Flanagan became the Sideline reporter for Notre Dame Football on NBC in 2007 while pregnant with her third child, who was born in December 2007. The Irish went 3–9 during her first year, and the following seasons, which saw Charlie Weis lose his job in 2009, again fell short of meeting expectations in South Bend. Her 2009 on-field post-game interview with an emotional UConn coach Randy Edsall remembering one of his players who had died was cited as the best interview of the weekend.
In 2009, along with Al Michaels, John Madden, and Andrea Kremer, Alex Flanagan was part of the broadcast team for Super Bowl XLIII from Tampa's Raymond James Stadium. In the final game of John Madden’s historic broadcasting career, the Pittsburgh Steelers defeat the Arizona Cardinals, 27–23, on February 1, 2009, to become the first team to win six Super Bowls. Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger completed a game-winning six-yard touchdown pass to Santonio Holmes – who was named Super Bowl XLIII MVP.
In a surprise move in 2014, it was announced that NBC's Alex Flanagan would no longer be the sideline reporter for Notre Dame football games. Flanagan had roamed the South Bend sidelines for NBC since the 2007 season and also appeared on FNIA every Sunday reporting from the big NFL games of the day.
NBC Sports Olympics and Swimming.
Flanagan covered her first Olympic assignment for NBC in August 2008, anchoring six hours of Olympic coverage nightly on CNBC and USA Network during the Beijing Olympics. That following year, she reported from the U.S. Swimming National Championships where Michael Phelps broke the 100-meter butterfly record. She was also on deck for the 2010 Pan Pacific championships in Australia helping call the action with Rowdy Gaines and Ted Robinson and Dan Hicks.
The Rio Olympics were her fifth consecutive Games with NBC Olympics. She previously served as a reporter in Vancouver in 2010 (sports desk), London in 2012 (diving), and Sochi in 2014 (biathlon and cross-country skiing), and was a host of CNBC and USA Network coverage during the 2008 Beijing Olympics. In Rio she and Dhani Jones did a shopping story on the Rio megastore for NBC New York.
Other notable appearances.
"Today Show".
Flanagan worked as a reporter for NBC's Today Show. She did a segment called Today's Extra Yard which highlighted the charitable work of various NFL players.
"INC.com and USA Today".
Flanagan has written for publications and websites including USA today High school sports and INC.com. In one article she wrote about the 5 best leadership traits from Peyton Manning.
"Bridgestone Commercial".
Flanagan appeared in Bridgestone's ad campaign for the company's performance tires which debuted during the Winter Classic on Jan. 2, 2012. The first ad spot depicted a press conference, ostensibly at Bridgestone headquarters but actually filmed in an office park south of Los Angeles, in Irvine. In the ad an earnest chief engineer takes the stage addressing a group of media types, including NBC's Mike Milbury, ESPN's Barry Melrose, Dick Vitale and Adam Schefter, TNT's Kenny Smith, and Alex Flanagan, who was doing double duty for NFL Network and NBC.
"Madden Most Valuable Protectors Award".
The NFL Network's Alex Flanagan announced the New England Patriots as winners of the Madden Most Valuable Protectors Award as the year's best offensive line during the week of Super Bowl XLV in Dallas, Texas, on February 3, 2011
"Madden NFL" video games.
Flanagan can be heard and seen in the popular video games "Madden NFL 10" and "Madden NFL 11", in the franchise mode. NFL Network analysts Fran Charles and Flanagan go through the week's matchups and highlights where she hosts an in-game weekly recap show called The Extra Point. The Extra Point also provided a halftime report, listing scores and statistics. Reviews called it a nice addition to the series saying the show still goes a long way toward bringing your Sunday TV experience into video game form, but could do with some fleshing out and less robotic dialogue.
The Alliance of American Football (AAF).
In 2019 Flanagan was announced as the first on-air hire for the Alliance of American Football (AAF). Flanagan was the host of the league pregame, halftime, and postgame shows with Cynthia Frelund, Rod Woodson, Terrell Davis and Marvin Lewis. The Alliance of American Football filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy after the league folded and left many of its employees unpaid.
"The Bowerman Presentation".
Flanagan hosted The Bowerman Presentation in 2019 at the Grande Lakes Resort in Orlando, Florida. The Bowerman Award is considered track &amp; field's highest honor and is given to the top collegiate male and female athlete annually.
Personal life.
Flanagan is a native of Sonoita, Arizona. She is married to former University of Arizona basketball player Kevin Flanagan. They have two daughters: Addie and Grace and a son: Declan. Her family owns the Arizona steak restaurant, "The Steak Out" (located in Sonoita). Her brother, Mark Wystrach, is the lead singer of the country band Midland and her brother Mike Wystrach is the founder of the food delivery company, Freshly.

</doc>
<doc id="7013458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013458" title="Broughton Island, Northwest Territories">
Broughton Island, Northwest Territories



</doc>
<doc id="7013475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013475" title="Islip MacArthur">
Islip MacArthur



</doc>
<doc id="7013476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013476" title="Carrero Blanco">
Carrero Blanco



</doc>
<doc id="7013481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013481" title="Demographics of Åland">
Demographics of Åland



</doc>
<doc id="7013502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013502" title="Cottage Savings Assoc. v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue">
Cottage Savings Assoc. v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue



</doc>
<doc id="7013509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013509" title="Cottage Savings Ass'n v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue">
Cottage Savings Ass'n v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue



</doc>
<doc id="7013512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013512" title="Cottage Savings Association v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue">
Cottage Savings Association v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue



</doc>
<doc id="7013517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013517" title="Joggers">
Joggers

Joggers may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="7013540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013540" title="Araschnia levana">
Araschnia levana



</doc>
<doc id="7013554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013554" title="Enter Deception">
Enter Deception

Enter Deception is the debut full-length album by American power metal band Cellador.
Track listing.
Japanese edition bonus tracks.
9. "Forever Unbound" (demo version)
10. "No Chances Lost" (demo version)

</doc>
<doc id="7013556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013556" title="HYIP">
HYIP



</doc>
<doc id="7013560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013560" title="Digital Entertainment Network">
Digital Entertainment Network

Digital Entertainment Network (often abbreviated as DEN and stylized as &gt; ⁠e ⁠n™̣) was a multimedia dot-com company founded in the late-1990s by Marc Collins-Rector and his partner, Chad Shackley. Rector and Shackley had sold their ISP, Concentric Network, and used the proceeds of that sale, along with additional investor funding, to launch DEN. In February 1999, Jim Ritts resigned as commissioner of the LPGA to become chairman of DEN.
DEN's goal was to deliver original episodic video content over the Internet aimed at niche audiences. DEN was one of a crop of dot-com startups that focused on the creation and delivery of original video content online in the late 1990s prior to wide adoption of broadband internet access. 
In May 1999, DEN announced that their business model had earned them $26 million USD in investments from Microsoft, Dell, Chase Capital Partners, and others. In September 1999, Microsoft announced that DEN was one of their partners in the Windows Media Broadband Jumpstart initiative, focusing on the creation of video and audio entertainment for the Windows Media format for high-speed connections. By 1999, the company was reportedly valued at $58,500,000 USD and included former Walt Disney Television President David Neuman, Garth Ancier, David Geffen, Gary Goddard, and Bryan Singer as investors.
DEN was slated for a $75 million USD IPO in October 1999 but the IPO was withdrawn in the wake of allegations of child rape against Collins-Rector, Shackley, and fellow executive Brock Pierce. All three executives subsequently resigned. Layoffs followed in February 2000. While a new executive team led by former Capitol Records President Gary Gersh and former Microsoft executive Greg Carpenter tried to salvage the company and relaunch in May 2000, DEN filed for bankruptcy and shut down in June 2000.
Programs.
DEN produced and distributed a number of programs aimed at specific young male demographics. That included "Chad's World", which targeted gay viewers and included Seann William Scott in the cast, "Tales from the Eastside", which targeted Latinos, "The Chang Gang", which targeted Asians, "Redemption High" which starred Judge Reinhold and targeted Christians, Frat Ratz, which targeted frat boys, and "Fear of a Punk Planet", which targeted punks, included Joe Escalante from The Vandals in the cast, and shared a name with the band's 1990 album.
Controversies.
DEN became indicative of excess in the era of the dot-com bubble, with high pay for executives while not generating any revenues and very little traffic.
In October 1999, a young man from New Jersey identified only as Jake W. filed a lawsuit alleging that Collins-Rector had sexually molested him for 3 years beginning in 1993 when he was 13-years-old. The lawsuit was filed just prior to DEN's scheduled IPO, causing concern among potential investors. and leading to the resignations of Collins-Rector, Shackley, and Pierce, leaving Ritts in charge
In July 2000, Alex Burton, then an 18-year-old DEN actor, Mark Ryan, a second DEN employee, and an unnamed third plaintiff who was 15 years old at the time, filed suit against Collins-Rector, Shackley and Pierce, alleging rape, assault, and death threats. Attorney Jacob Arash Shahbaz, who represented the plaintiffs, indicates that the lawsuit was settled confidentially but the three were reportedly awarded $2,000,030 in a judgment and $1 million in accrued interest in 2011. A renewal of judgment was filed in November 2019 against Collins-Rector and Shackley, citing an additional $4.8 million in accrued interest.
The controversy and turmoil caused by the allegations led DEN to withdraw its IPO and subsequently filed for bankruptcy in August 2000.
In 2014, Michael F. Egan III filed suit, alleging he was sexually assaulted by Goddard, Singer, Neuman, and Ancier at parties hosted by DEN executives but the suits against Neuman and Ancier were dropped. Ancier sued Egan and his attorneys, with the attorneys ultimately apologizing to Ancier and Neuman, saying the allegations were false.
Following the bankruptcy of DEN, the company's trustee alleged possible fraudulent sale of assets prior to its bankruptcy.

</doc>
<doc id="7013566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013566" title="Eterna Inocencia">
Eterna Inocencia

Eterna Inocencia ("Everlasting Innocence") is an Argentine rock band with politically motivated lyrics and opinions. Their origin dates to 1995, in the city of Quilmes, Buenos Aires Province. They come from the hardcore punk trend of the mid-1990s. They form part of their own independent label, called "Discos Del Sembrador".

</doc>
<doc id="7013568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013568" title="Eterna inocencia">
Eterna inocencia



</doc>
<doc id="7013570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013570" title="Glycosynthase">
Glycosynthase

The term glycosynthase refers to a class of proteins that have been engineered to catalyze the formation of a glycosidic bond. Glycosynthase are derived from glycosidase enzymes, which catalyze the hydrolysis of glycosidic bonds. They were traditionally formed from retaining glycosidase by mutating the active site nucleophilic amino acid (usually an aspartate or glutamate) to a small non-nucleophilic amino acid (usually alanine or glycine). More modern approaches use directed evolution to screen for amino acid substitutions that enhance glycosynthase activity.
The first glycosynthase.
Two discoveries led to the development of glycosynthase enzymes. The first was that a change of the active site nucleophile of a glycosidase from a carboxylate to another amino acid resulted in a properly folded protein that had no hydrolase activity. 
The second discovery was that some glycosidase enzymes were able to catalyze the hydrolysis of glycosyl fluorides that had the incorrect anomeric configuration. The enzymes underwent a transglycosidation reaction to form a disaccharide, which was then a substrate for hydrolase activity.
The first reported glycosynthase was a mutant of the "Agrobacterium" sp. β-glucosidase / galactosidase in which the nucleophile glutamate 358 was mutated to an alanine by site directed mutagenesis. When incubated with α-glycosyl fluorides and an acceptor sugar it was found to catalyze the transglycosidation reaction without any hydrolysis. This glycosynthase was used to synthesize a series of di- and trisaccharide products with yields between 64% and 92%.
Reaction mechanism.
The mechanism of a glycosynthase is similar to the hydrolysis reaction of retaining glycosidases except no covalent-enzyme intermediate is formed. Mutation of the active site nucleophile to a non-nucleophilic amino acid prevents the formation of a covalent intermediate. An activated glycosyl donor with a good anomeric-leaving group (often a fluorine) is required. The leaving group is displaced by an alcohol of the acceptor sugar aided by the active site general base amino acid of the enzyme.
Modern extensions.
The first glycosynthase was a retaining exoglycosidase that catalyzed the formation of β 1-4 linked glycosides of glucose and galactose. Glycosynthase enzymes have since been expanded to include mutants of endoglycosidase, as well as mutants of inverting glycosidase. Substrates of glycosynthase include glucose, galactose, mannose, xylose, and glucuronic acid. 
Modern methods to prepare glycosynthase use directed evolution to introduce modifications, which improve the enzymes function. This process was made available due to the development of high throughput screens for glycosynthase activity.
Limitations.
Glycosynthase have been useful for the preparation of oligosaccharides; however, their use suffers from certain limitations. First, glycosynthase can only be used to synthesize glycosidic linkages for which there is a known glycosidase. That glycosidase must also be first converted into a glycosynthase, which is not always possible. Second, the product of the glycosynthase reaction is often a better substrate for the glycosynthase then the starting material, resulting in the formation of multiple products of varying lengths. Finally, glycosynthase are specific for the donor sugar but often have loose specificity for the acceptor sugar. This can result in different regioselectivity depending on the acceptor resulting in products with different glycosidic linkages. One example is the "Agrobacterium" sp. β-glucosynthase, which forms a β-1,4-glycoside with glucose as the acceptor, but forms a β-1,3-glycoside with xylose as the acceptor.

</doc>
<doc id="7013574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013574" title="Alciatus">
Alciatus



</doc>
<doc id="7013578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013578" title="Clothing sizes">
Clothing sizes

Clothing sizes are the sizes with which garments sold off-the-shelf are labeled. Sizing systems vary based on the country and the type of garment, such as dresses, tops, skirts, and trousers. There are three approaches:
Traditionally, clothes have been labelled using many different ad hoc size systems, which has resulted in varying sizing methods between different manufacturers made for different countries due to changing demographics and increasing rates of obesity, a phenomenon known as vanity sizing. This results in country-specific and vendor-specific labels incurring additional costs, and can make internet or mail order difficult. Some new standards for clothing sizes being developed are therefore based on body dimensions, such as the EN 13402 "Size designation of clothes".
History of standard clothing sizes.
Before the invention of clothing sizes in the early 1800s, all clothing was made to fit individuals by either tailors or makers of clothing in their homes. Then garment makers noticed that the range of human body dimensions was relatively small (for their demographic). Because of the drape and ease of the fabric, not all measurements are required to obtain a well-fitting apparel in most styles. Sizes were based on:
"Pit-to-pit measurement" is not a tailoring measurement, but a finished garment measure, used in the second-hand internet marketplace, generally the straight line measure across the garment, laid flat, at the bottom of the armpits.&lt;ref name="stcyrvintage/size-guide"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;&lt;ref name="nimisski/pit-to-pit"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;&lt;ref name="3sixteen/measuring-guide-tops"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;&lt;ref name="fritidsklader/pit-to-pit"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;&lt;ref name="toffs/pit-to-pit"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
Standards.
International standards.
There are several ISO standards for "size designation of clothes", but most of them are being revised and replaced by one of the parts of ISO 8559 which closely resembles European Standard EN 13402:
European standards.
The European Standards Organisation (CEN) produced a series of standards, prefixed with EN 13402:
These are intended to replace the existing national standards of the 33 member states. It is currently in common use for children's clothing, but not yet for adults. The third standard EN 13402-3 seeks to address the problem of irregular or vanity sizing through offering a SI unit based labelling system, which will also pictographically describe the dimensions a garment is designed to fit, per the ISO 3635 standard.
British standards.
BS 3666:1982, the standard for women's clothing, is rarely followed by manufacturers as it defines sizes in terms of hip and bust measurements only within a limited range. This has resulted in variations between manufacturers and a tendency towards vanity sizing.
Yugoslavian standards.
Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, North Macedonia and Serbia still use the JUS (F.G0.001 1979, F.G0.002 1979, F.G0.003 1979) standards developed in the former Yugoslavia. In addition to typical girth measurements clothing is also marked to identify which of 5 height bands: X-Short, Short, Medium, Tall, X-Tall, and body types: Slim, Normal, or Full, it is designed to fit.
American standards.
US standards.
There is no mandatory clothing size or labeling standard in the US, though a series of voluntary standards have been in place since the 1930s. The US government, however, did attempt to establish a system for women's clothing in 1958 when the National Bureau of Standards published "Body Measurements for the Sizing of Women's Patterns and Apparel". The guidelines were made a commercial standard and were even updated in 1970. But the guide was eventually degraded to a voluntary standard until it was abolished altogether in 1983. Private organization ASTM International started to release its own recommended size carts in the 1990s.
Since then, the common US misses sizes have not had stable dimensions. Clothing brands and manufacturers size their products according to their preferences. For example, the dimensions of two size 10 dresses from different companies, or even from the same company, may have grossly different dimensions; and both are almost certainly larger than the size 10 dimensions described in the US standard. Vanity sizing may be partly responsible for this deviation (which began in earnest in the 1980s).
Women.
Inch-based women's sizes (US/UK).
British (UK) and American (US) standard dress sizes, "s", are calculated by "bust circumference", "b", measured in inches, as follows: 
Japanese women's sizes.
Note: a Japanese dress marked 13-Y-PP or 13-Y-P would be designed for someone with an 89 cm bust and 89 cm hips, while a dress marked 13-B-T would be targeted at a taller individual with 105 cm hips, but the same 89 cm bust. The B fitting adds 12 cm and the T height modifier 4 cm to the base hip measurement 89 + 16 = 105 cm. Additionally there are a set of age based waist adjustments, such that a dress marketed at someone in their 60s may allow for a waist 9 cm larger than a dress, of the same size, marketed at someone in their 20s. The age based adjustments allow for up to a 3 cm increase in girth, per decade of life.
Continental European women's sizes.
Italian (IT), French (FR) and German (DE) standard dress sizes, "s", are calculated by "bust circumference", "b", and "body height", "h", both measured in centimetres, as follows: 
French sizes are also used by Belgian manufacturers and retailers, while German sizes are also used by Austrian, Dutch and Scandinavian ones.
Men.
Continental European men's sizes.
French (FR) and German (DE) standard suit sizes, "s", are calculated by "chest circumference", "b", measured in centimetres, as follows: 
French sizes are also used by Belgian manufacturers and retailers, while German sizes are also used by Austrian, Dutch and Scandinavian ones.
Size dividers.
Size dividers are used by clothing stores to help customers find the right size. Like index cards, they are found on racks between sizes. There are three basic types: the rectangular, round and the king size. Among the stores that use them are Marshalls and TJ Maxx.
Inclusive sizing.
Inclusive sizing is the practice of having clothing ranges which do not make a distinction between "regular sizes" and "plus sizes".

</doc>
<doc id="7013579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013579" title="Alciato">
Alciato



</doc>
<doc id="7013590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013590" title="E.F.C.">
E.F.C.



</doc>
<doc id="7013595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013595" title="Adrián Zabala">
Adrián Zabala

Adrián Zabala Rodríguez (August 26, 1916 – January 4, 2002) was a Cuban-born professional baseball pitcher. He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball for the New York Giants in 1945 and 1949. The , left-hander was a native of San Antonio de los Baños, Cuba.
Amateur ball, minor leagues, and Cuban ball.
Zabala played amateur baseball in Cuba in the mid-1930s, signing with the minor league Panama City Pelicans in 1937. He continued to play professionally in Cuba in the winter while pitching minor league ball independently, then with Jersey City, a Giants farm club. After serving with the Cuban Army in 1943–44, he returned to Jersey City in 1945, and was promoted to the majors in mid-season.
First major league stint and suspension.
Zabala made his major league debut on August 11, 1945, starting and winning 10–1 against the St. Louis Cardinals at the Polo Grounds. In 1946, Zabala jumped to the Mexican League and was suspended for five years. He pitched two seasons for the Pericos de Puebla, then joined the Sherbrooke Athletics of the Provincial League in 1948 while he awaited reinstatement. His suspension was lifted on June 5, 1949, allowing him to return to the Giants.
Second major league stint.
Perhaps his finest major league effort came on July 31, 1949, his first game back in New York since 1945. Zabala started the second game of a doubleheader against the Cincinnati Reds at Crosley Field and pitched a complete game shutout, winning 9–0. Zabala spent the rest of the season with the Giants, posting a 2–3 record with a 5.27 ERA in 15 games.
Return to the minors.
In 1950, Zabala was sent back to the minors, where he played with the Minneapolis Millers until 1953. He was then traded to the San Francisco Seals in October with two other players and cash for pitcher Windy McCall. In 1955, he joined the Jacksonville Braves, finishing his career there in 1956.
Career overview.
Zabala's MLB career totals include 26 games pitched, 4 wins, 7 losses, 9 starts, 3 complete games, 1 shutout, 8 games finished, and 1 save. He allowed 47 earned runs in 84.1 innings pitched, giving him an ERA of 5.02. Overall, he pitched professionally for twenty years.
Death.
Zabala died at the age of 85 in Jacksonville, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="7013598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013598" title="GNOME Panel">
GNOME Panel



</doc>
<doc id="7013600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013600" title="Boborás">
Boborás

Boborás is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of O Carballiño.

</doc>
<doc id="7013603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013603" title="Instituto Nacional de Industria">
Instituto Nacional de Industria

Instituto Nacional de Industria (INI, National Institute of Industry) was a Spanish state-owned financing and industrial holding company established in Francoist Spain for the development of industry and social control. It was succeeded by the Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones Industriales (SEPI) in 1995.
History.
The INI was established on 25 September 1941 with a starting capital of fifty million pesetas. It aimed to promote the development of Spanish industry and the self-sufficiency of the Spanish economy. It aimed to overturn the effects of the devastation caused by the Spanish Civil War by carrying out in Spain functions similar to those of the Istituto per la Ricostruzione Industriale (IRI) in Italy.
Despite its inefficiencies, INI was instrumental in moving the mostly underdeveloped primary-sector-focused closed Spain of the 1940s to the booming Spain of the 1960s and early 1970s of the so-called Spanish miracle. To achieve its goal, INI either financed on its own or directed private funds to the creation of the country's fundamental industries under the spirit of the national interest and autarky. Although its first acts ended in failure (e.g., Adaro), INI soon turned itself into the biggest industrial conglomerate of Spain.
INI included a broad range of companies, from heavy and basic industries to "soft" services, most of them with E.N., standing for Empresa Nacional (National Corporation), in their names. Among them were: Ensidesa (Empresa Nacional Siderúrgica S.A.)–Aceralia (steel), Enasa (Empresa Nacional de Autocamiones S.A.)–Pegaso (trucks), SEAT (Sociedad Española de Automóviles de Turismo; cars), INH (Instituto Nacional de Hidrocarburos)–Repsol (Refinería de Petróleos de Escombreras Oil; oil and gas), ENCE (Empresa Nacional de Celulosas de España) (cellulose, biofuels), ENDASA (Empresa Nacional de Aluminio S.A.; aluminium), Endesa (Empresa Nacional de Electricidad S.A.; power), ENFERSA (Empresa Nacional de Fertilizantes S.A.; fertilizers), E.N. Calvo Sotelo (petrochemicals), E.N. Bazán–ASTANO (Astilleros y Talleres del Noroeste)–Navantia (naval shipyards), Astilleros Españoles–AESA (civilian shipyards), E.N. Santa Bárbara (weapons), E.N. Elcano (merchant shipping line), ATESA (Autotransporte Turístico Español S.A.; operator), ENTURSA (Empresa Nacional de Turismo S.A.; tourism) and others.
INI also assisted mergers and integration, including of private enterprises, like the airlines Iberia (Iberia Líneas Aéreas de España S.A.) and Aviaco (Aviación y Comercio), and the aircraft manufacturer CASA (Construcciones Aeronáuticas S.A.). It absorbed failed companies in order to service debt, among other purposes. In the mid-to late 1970s, (Hulleras del Norte S.A.), a large Asturian coal mining conglomerate, and Compañía Transatlántica Española (CTE) were among the non-functional companies that were integrated into the Instituto Nacional de Industria.
However, there were other Spanish state owned companies such as Campsa (Compañía Arrendataria del Monopolio de Petróleos S.A.; filling stations), RENFE (Red Nacional de los Ferrocarriles Españoles; railways), RTVE (public broadcaster), Tabacalera (tobacco), or Telefónica (Compañía Telefónica Nacional de España; telecommunications) that were never under INI's control.
In the 1980s, when the Spanish economy was fully opened to international trade and joined the European Economic Community, INI lost its . Most of its companies were privatized in the 1980s and early 1990s. In this process, ENSIDESA was taken over by Arcelor, SEAT by Volkswagen Group, ENASA by Iveco, Calvo Sotelo by Repsol, and so on. Others, including ENDESA and Iberia, have kept their independence.
In 1992 INI was entitled to create a new holding company ("Sociedad Anónima") over which it would pass all shares owned in every company's capital it had still participated. The new company named , which was founded on July 4 of the same year, merged into Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones Industriales (SEPI) in 1996 and the latter has practically disposed the totality of its owned shares with the exception of HUNOSA and a few other industries. In 1995 the INI was abolished.
Presidents.
The chairmen of the INI were as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="7013605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013605" title="Cenlle">
Cenlle

Cenlle is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of O Ribeiro.

</doc>
<doc id="7013606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013606" title="Water as fuel">
Water as fuel



</doc>
<doc id="7013607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013607" title="Glycoside hydrolase">
Glycoside hydrolase

In biochemistry, glycoside hydrolases (also called glycosidases or glycosyl hydrolases) are a class of enzymes which catalyze the hydrolysis of glycosidic bonds in complex sugars. They are extremely common enzymes, with roles in nature including degradation of biomass such as cellulose (cellulase), hemicellulose, and starch (amylase), in anti-bacterial defense strategies (e.g., lysozyme), in pathogenesis mechanisms (e.g., viral neuraminidases) and in normal cellular function (e.g., trimming mannosidases involved in "N"-linked glycoprotein biosynthesis). Together with glycosyltransferases, glycosidases form the major catalytic machinery for the synthesis and breakage of glycosidic bonds.
Occurrence and importance.
Glycoside hydrolases are found in essentially all domains of life. In prokaryotes, they are found both as intracellular and extracellular enzymes that are largely involved in nutrient acquisition. One of the important occurrences of glycoside hydrolases in bacteria is the enzyme beta-galactosidase (LacZ), which is involved in regulation of expression of the "lac" operon in "E. coli". In higher organisms glycoside hydrolases are found within the endoplasmic reticulum and Golgi apparatus where they are involved in processing of N-linked glycoproteins, and in the lysosome as enzymes involved in the degradation of carbohydrate structures. Deficiency in specific lysosomal glycoside hydrolases can lead to a range of lysosomal storage disorders that result in developmental problems or death. Glycoside hydrolases are found in the intestinal tract and in saliva where they degrade complex carbohydrates such as lactose, starch, sucrose and trehalose. In the gut they are found as glycosylphosphatidyl anchored enzymes on endothelial cells. The enzyme lactase is required for degradation of the milk sugar lactose and is present at high levels in infants, but in most populations will decrease after weaning or during infancy, potentially leading to lactose intolerance in adulthood. The enzyme O-GlcNAcase is involved in removal of N-acetylglucosamine groups from serine and threonine residues in the cytoplasm and nucleus of the cell. The glycoside hydrolases are involved in the biosynthesis and degradation of glycogen in the body.
Classification.
Glycoside hydrolases are classified into EC 3.2.1 as enzymes catalyzing the hydrolysis of O- or S-glycosides. Glycoside hydrolases can also be classified according to the stereochemical outcome of the hydrolysis reaction: thus they can be classified as either "retaining" or "inverting" enzymes. Glycoside hydrolases can also be classified as exo or endo acting, dependent upon whether they act at the (usually non-reducing) end or in the middle, respectively, of an oligo/polysaccharide chain. Glycoside hydrolases may also be classified by sequence or structure-based methods.
Sequence-based classification.
Sequence-based classifications are one of the most powerful predictive methods for suggesting function for newly sequenced enzymes for which function has not been biochemically demonstrated. A classification system for glycosyl hydrolases, based on sequence similarity, has led to the definition of more than 100 different families. This classification is available on the CAZy (CArbohydrate-Active EnZymes) web site. The database provides a series of regularly updated sequence based classification that allow reliable prediction of mechanism (retaining/inverting), active site residues and possible substrates. The online database is supported by CAZypedia, an online encyclopedia of carbohydrate active enzymes. Based on three-dimensional structural similarities, the sequence-based families have been classified into 'clans' of related structure. Recent progress in glycosidase sequence analysis and 3D structure comparison has allowed the proposal of an extended hierarchical classification of the glycoside hydrolases.
Mechanisms.
Inverting glycoside hydrolases.
Inverting enzymes utilize two enzymic residues, typically carboxylate residues, that act as acid and base respectively, as shown below for a β-glucosidase.
The product of the reaction has an axial position on C1, but some spontaneous changes of conformation can appear.
Retaining glycoside hydrolases.
Retaining glycosidases operate through a two-step mechanism, with each step resulting in inversion, for a net retention of stereochemistry. Again, two residues are involved, which are usually enzyme-borne carboxylates. One acts as a nucleophile and the other as an acid/base. In the first step, the nucleophile attacks the anomeric centre, resulting in the formation of a glycosyl enzyme intermediate, with acidic assistance provided by the acidic carboxylate. In the second step, the now deprotonated acidic carboxylate acts as a base and assists a nucleophilic water to hydrolyze the glycosyl enzyme intermediate, giving the hydrolyzed product. The mechanism is illustrated below for hen egg white lysozyme.
An alternative mechanism for hydrolysis with retention of stereochemistry can occur that proceeds through a nucleophilic residue that is bound to the substrate, rather than being attached to the enzyme. Such mechanisms are common for certain N-acetylhexosaminidases, which have an acetamido group capable of neighboring group participation to form an intermediate oxazoline or oxazolinium ion. This mechanism proceeds in two steps through individual inversions to lead to a net retention of configuration.
A variant neighboring group participation mechanism has been described for endo-α-mannanases that involves 2-hydroxyl group participation to form an intermediate epoxide. Hydrolysis of the epoxide leads to a net retention of configuration.
Nomenclature and examples.
Glycoside hydrolases are typically named after the substrate that they act upon. Thus glucosidases catalyze the hydrolysis of glucosides and xylanases catalyze the cleavage of the xylose based homopolymer xylan. Other examples include lactase, amylase, chitinase, sucrase, maltase, neuraminidase, invertase, hyaluronidase and lysozyme.
Uses.
Glycoside hydrolases are predicted to gain increasing roles as catalysts in biorefining
applications in the future bioeconomy. These enzymes have a variety of uses including degradation of plant materials (e.g., cellulases for degrading cellulose to glucose, which can be used for ethanol production), in the food industry (invertase for manufacture of invert sugar, amylase for production of maltodextrins), and in the paper and pulp industry (xylanases for removing hemicelluloses from paper pulp). Cellulases are added to detergents for the washing of cotton fabrics and assist in the maintenance of colours through removing microfibres that are raised from the surface of threads during wear.
In organic chemistry, glycoside hydrolases can be used as synthetic catalysts to form glycosidic bonds through either reverse hydrolysis (kinetic approach) where the equilibrium position is reversed; or by transglycosylation (kinetic approach) whereby retaining glycoside hydrolases can catalyze the transfer of a glycosyl moiety from an activated glycoside to an acceptor alcohol to afford a new glycoside.
Mutant glycoside hydrolases termed glycosynthases have been developed that can achieve the synthesis of glycosides in high yield from activated glycosyl donors such as glycosyl fluorides. Glycosynthases are typically formed from retaining glycoside hydrolases by site-directed mutagenesis of the enzymic nucleophile to some other less nucleophilic group, such as alanine or glycine. Another group of mutant glycoside hydrolases termed thioglycoligases can be formed by site-directed mutagenesis of the acid-base residue of a retaining glycoside hydrolase. Thioglycoligases catalyze the condensation of activated glycosides and various thiol-containing acceptors.
Various glycoside hydrolases have shown efficacy in degrading matrix polysaccharides within the extracellular polymeric substance (EPS) of microbial biofilms. Medically, biofilms afford infectious microorganisms a variety of advantages over their planktonic, fre-floating counterparts, including greatly increased tolerances to antimicrobial agents and the host immune system. Thus, degrading the biofilm may increase antibiotic efficacy, and potentiate host immune function and healing ability. For example, a combination of alpha-amylase and cellulase was shown to degrade polymicrobial bacterial biofilms from both "in vitro" and "in vivo" sources, and increase antibiotic effectiveness against them.
Inhibitors.
Many compounds are known that can act to inhibit the action of a glycoside hydrolase. Nitrogen-containing, 'sugar-shaped' heterocycles have been found in nature, including deoxynojirimycin, swainsonine, australine and castanospermine. From these natural templates many other inhibitors have been developed, including isofagomine and deoxygalactonojirimycin, and various unsaturated compounds such as PUGNAc. Inhibitors that are in clinical use include the anti-diabetic drugs acarbose and miglitol, and the antiviral drugs oseltamivir and zanamivir. Some proteins have been found to act as glycoside hydrolase inhibitors.

</doc>
<doc id="7013608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013608" title="Cortegada">
Cortegada

Cortegada is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of O Ribeiro. It has a population of 1,407 (2004) and an area of . It contains the abandoned hamlet of A Barca.

</doc>
<doc id="7013612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013612" title="Cualedro">
Cualedro

Cualedro is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Verín. Its population was 1,792 in 2016. The municipality has an area of 117.6 km. The elevation level is 843 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="7013613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013613" title="Superman's Dead">
Superman's Dead

"Superman's Dead" is a song by Canadian alternative rock group Our Lady Peace. It was released on January 16, 1997 as the lead single from their second album "Clumsy", preceding the album's release by a week. This has become one of Our Lady Peace's most popular songs.
The song has become the definitive example of Our Lady Peace's staple sound, highlighted by vocalist Raine Maida's unusual yet powerful falsetto. This song, in contrast to some others on the album, contains very heavy electric guitar, especially in comparison to tracks like "4 A.M." and Carnival". It peaked at number 17 on the Canadian "RPM" Top Singles Chart while spending five weeks at number 2 on the "RPM" Alternative Chart. In the U.S, it peaked at number 11 on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart, while reaching number 14 on the Mainstream Rock, making it one of their most successful songs in the U.S. Between 1995 and 2016, "Superman's Dead" was the 15th most played song by a Canadian artist on rock radio stations in Canada.
Background and writing.
Our Lady Peace producer Arnold Lanni recalls that late in the recording of "Clumsy", he and the band were working on tracking a song called "Hello Oskar", when they decided to take a break for a few minutes.
"From the bathroom I heard Raine playing something on an acoustic guitar. When I came out I asked him what it was. He told me that it was just something he was toying around with. I really liked what he was doing so for the next day or so the band and I worked on developing what became "Superman's Dead." ~Arnold Lanni
Content.
"Superman's Dead" was seen by the band as a dark statement on how much television kids watch and the content of it. It looks at the dark expectations that are garnered from media images:
Raine Maida stated, "I grew up with the old Superman, the black-and-white one. There was something so honest about it, and it's evolved into "Beavis and Butt-Head"". He also says of youthful TV pleasures, "Their images are defined by television: How they should think or what they should wear. It's kind of sad that way"
Music videos.
Three music videos have been made for this song - the Canadian version of a child (played by Ryan Dennis) trapped in the box, which was co-directed by George Vale and the band, the U.S. version which featured an unusual array of characters including clowns and goblins, and another U.S. version which simply showed the band playing the song. The original video was filmed in an abandoned warehouse in Toronto. That version premiered on MuchMusic on January 20, 1997. This version also won the award for "" at the 1997 MuchMusic Video Awards. In the U.S. versions, Raine Maida is shown playing the guitar in some parts, while in the original Canadian version he is not. The video peaked at number 1 (for three weeks) on the MuchMusic Video Countdown and finished as the number 2 video of the year on the channel.
Live performances.
The first performance of "Superman's Dead" took place on January 13, 1997 at Harbour Station in Saint John, New Brunswick, the first date of the "Clumsy" tour. Since then it has seldom been excluded from the band's live set. "Superman's Dead" was played live on the Conan O'Brien Show on October 1, 1997.
During concerts, when the song always pauses abruptly for the "Doesn't anybody ever know..." section, the band takes a slight pause, and the audience sings the outro. This can be heard in their live album "Live" (2003), and many other live concerts.
Single releases.
Canadian CD Single
Acoustic Single
Austrian Single
US/GER Promo CD
French Single
United Kingdom Single

</doc>
<doc id="7013614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013614" title="Entrimo">
Entrimo

Entrimo is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of A Baixa Limia.

</doc>
<doc id="7013616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013616" title="Pre-Harappan">
Pre-Harappan



</doc>
<doc id="7013619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013619" title="Esgos">
Esgos

Esgos is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Ourense.

</doc>
<doc id="7013622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013622" title="Manzaneda">
Manzaneda

Manzaneda is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Terra de Trives. Its neighbor municipalities include A Pobra de Trives to the north, O Bolo to the east, Vilariño de Conso to the south and Chandrexa de Queixa to the west. In 2018 its population was 890.
Manzaneda is known for its medium sized ski resort.

</doc>
<doc id="7013624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013624" title="Maside">
Maside

Maside is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of O Carballiño.

</doc>
<doc id="7013626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013626" title="Rapid Rural Appraisal">
Rapid Rural Appraisal



</doc>
<doc id="7013627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013627" title="EFC (disambiguation)">
EFC (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="7013630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013630" title="Monterrei">
Monterrei

Monterrei, historically spelled Monterrey in Spanish and English, is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Verín.
Monterrei is well known for its castle, built in the 10th century. The Mexican city of Monterrey was named in honour of Gaspar de Zúñiga, 5th Count of Monterrey, as well as the American city of Monterey.

</doc>
<doc id="7013638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013638" title="Porqueira">
Porqueira

Porqueira is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of A Limia.

</doc>
<doc id="7013639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013639" title="Participatory Learning and Action">
Participatory Learning and Action



</doc>
<doc id="7013643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013643" title="Selja Kumari">
Selja Kumari

Selja Kumari (born 24 September 1962) is an Indian politician and a member of the Lok Sabha, the lower house of Indian parliament. She is a member of the Indian National Congress and has served as the union minister of state (independent charge) for social justice and empowerment and tourism during Manmohan Singh's premiership.
Selja was first elected to the Lok Sabha in 1991 from Sirsa, a constituency that she retained in the 1996 elections. Following her election in 2009 to the Lok Sabha from Ambala, she was appointed the minister of social justice and empowerment. Selja unsuccessfully contested the general elections in 2019 from Ambala, and following that made a return to state politics, being elected the president of the Haryana unit of the Congress party later that year. 
She was a member of the Rajya Sabha from 2014 to 2020. In the 2024 Indian general election, she was elected to the Lok Sabha again from the Sirsa constituency.
Early life and education.
Selja Kumari was born in a Jatav family on 24 September 1962 in Parbhuwala Hisar to Chaudhary Dalbir Singh, who was a politician from the Indian National Congress. She studied at the Convent of Jesus and Mary, New Delhi and later attended the Panjab University, where she completed her master's which is a postgraduate degree.
Political career.
Early career and electoral debut (1990–2003).
Selja began her political career in the Mahila Congress becoming its president in 1990. She was elected to the 10th Lok Sabha in 1991 from Sirsa in Haryana. She was Union Minister of State for Education and Culture in the Narasimha Rao-led Congress government. Despite the Congress debacle in Haryana in 1996, she was re-elected to the 11th Lok Sabha.
Selja began actively participating in international conferences and summits following her election to the 14th Lok Sabha in 2004. She was elected as a member of the governing board of Commonwealth Local Government Forum in 2005. She continued to engage with other such organisations as the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and also headed the Commonwealth Consultative Group on Human Settlements.
Role under UPA governments (2004–2013).
Selja also took the oath as the Union Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation in the Manmohan Singh-led government that following the 2004 electoral victory.
Following her election to the 15th Lok Sabha from Ambala, Selja was appointed the Minister of Tourism in Manmohan Singh's second cabinet. She visited such countries as Italy and Cyprus aimed at improving international relations during her time in office.
In March 2011, Selja was issued notices by the Punjab and Haryana High Court over a petition that has accused her of "forgery, criminal intimidation, fabrication and hatching a criminal conspiracy".
The petitioner, advocate B S Chahar, has alleged that Selja, who was "instrumental in instigating leaders and members of the Balmiki community against Jat leaders in Mirchpur case", tried to save herself from a litigation by pressurising the undertrials and forcing them to sign "blank and non judicial papers".
Selja later took oath as Minister of Social Justice and Empowerment in 2012. She remained in office for five years until the completion of her term in May 2014, a period during which she worked on issues relating to empowerment of women and rights of marginalised communities.
Move to Rajya Sabha and beyond (2014–present).
Selja was elected to the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament of India, from her home state of Haryana in 2014. She unsuccessfully contested the 2019 Indian general elections from Ambala, losing out to Bhartiya Janata Party's Rattan Lal Kataria. Following that, she expressed a renewed interest in the politics of the state and was appointed the president of the Haryana Pradesh Congress Committee in September 2019, just ahead of the assembly elections scheduled for October.
In the 2024 General Elections, Kumari Selja has been nominated by Indian National Congress to contest Lok Sabha election from Sirsa - SC parliamentary constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="7013644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013644" title="Trasmiras">
Trasmiras

Trasmiras is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of A Limia.

</doc>
<doc id="7013658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013658" title="Verea">
Verea

Verea is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Terra de Celanova.
According to the National Statistics Institute of Spain (INE), Verea had a total population of 964 in 2023.
It has an area of 94.23 km², divided into forty population centers divided into eleven parishes. The municipal capital is in the town of .

</doc>
<doc id="7013664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013664" title="Benetton">
Benetton

Benetton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7013667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013667" title="Paderne de Allariz">
Paderne de Allariz

Paderne de Allariz is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Allariz-Maceda.

</doc>
<doc id="7013675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013675" title="Punxín">
Punxín

Punxín is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of O Carballiño.

</doc>
<doc id="7013676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013676" title="Hnevin">
Hnevin



</doc>
<doc id="7013680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013680" title="Punxin">
Punxin



</doc>
<doc id="7013687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013687" title="Xunqueira de Espadanedo">
Xunqueira de Espadanedo

Xunqueira de Espadanedo is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Allariz – Maceda.

</doc>
<doc id="7013692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013692" title="RRA">
RRA

RRA can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7013693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013693" title="Quintela de Leirado">
Quintela de Leirado

Quintela de Leirado is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Terra de Celanova.

</doc>
<doc id="7013696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013696" title="FBI's Most Wanted">
FBI's Most Wanted



</doc>
<doc id="7013699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013699" title="San Amaro">
San Amaro

San Amaro is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of O Carballiño. Its name is a homage to Saint Amaro.

</doc>
<doc id="7013704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013704" title="Beade, Ourense">
Beade, Ourense

Beade is a small municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of O Ribeiro.

</doc>
<doc id="7013705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013705" title="Posterior talofibular ligament">
Posterior talofibular ligament

The posterior talofibular ligament is a ligament that connects the fibula to the talus bone. It runs almost horizontally from the malleolar fossa of the lateral malleolus of the fibula to the lateral tubercle on the posterior surface of the talus. This insertion lies immediately lateral to the groove for the tendon of the flexor hallucis longus.

</doc>
<doc id="7013707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013707" title="Anterior talofibular ligament">
Anterior talofibular ligament

The anterior talofibular ligament is a ligament in the ankle.
It passes from the anterior margin of the fibular malleolus, passing anteromedially to insert at the lateral aspect of the talus at the talar neck , in front of its lateral articular facet. It is one of the lateral ligaments of the ankle and prevents the foot from sliding forward in relation to the shin. It is the most commonly injured ligament in a sprained ankle—from an inversion injury—and will allow a positive anterior drawer test of the ankle if completely torn.

</doc>
<doc id="7013711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013711" title="Chandrexa de Queixa">
Chandrexa de Queixa

Chandrexa de Queixa is a municipality in the northeast of the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Terra de Trives.

</doc>
<doc id="7013716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013716" title="Hell-Volhard-Zelinsky">
Hell-Volhard-Zelinsky



</doc>
<doc id="7013720" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013720" title="Beariz">
Beariz

Beariz is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of O Carballiño. As of 2016, it had a population of 1,003.

</doc>
<doc id="7013722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013722" title="A Ride for Cinderella">
A Ride for Cinderella

A Ride for Cinderella is a 1937 Technicolor cartoon sponsored film, and is a sequel to "A Coach for Cinderella".
Storyline.
Cinderella meets her young prince, but has to leave him when the clock turns to midnight. Meanwhile, the head dwarf, Nicky Nome, has to stop the wicked witch, hired by the evil stepsisters, from ruining Cinderella's chance of marrying the prince.
Production.
The cartoon is an advertisement for Chevrolet, and a Chevrolet that helps Cinderella get her prince. The cartoon was made by the Jam Handy Organization, famous for their advertising films. It is in the public domain.

</doc>
<doc id="7013725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013725" title="Tatiana Zatulovskaya">
Tatiana Zatulovskaya

Tatiana Zatulovskaya (; , ; 8 December 1935 – 2 July 2017) was an Israeli (formerly Soviet and Russian) chess player. She was a three-time Soviet women's champion and twice the world women's senior champion. She was awarded the titles Woman International Master (WIM) in 1961 and Woman Grandmaster (WGM) in 1976 by FIDE. Her last name may also be spelled as "Zatulovskaia" or "Zatulovskaja".
Zatulovskaya won the Women's Soviet Chess Championship in 1960, 1962, and 1963. She represented the USSR at the Women's Chess Olympiad in 1963 and 1966, winning the team gold medal on both occasions. She won an individual silver medal in 1963 and an individual gold in 1966. In the 1960s and the 1970s, she often qualified for Interzonals and Candidates Tournaments for the Women's World Chess Championship.
In 1993, she won the Women's Seniors World Championship with a score of 10 out of 11 points (10 wins, 0 losses, and 2 draws). She repeated this success in 1997. In 2000, she emigrated to Israel, which she represented at the 2002 Women's Chess Olympiad. Zatulovskaya died on 2 July 2017 at age 81. In her lifetime, she was also a geological engineer and a good gymnast.

</doc>
<doc id="7013727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013727" title="Chenard &amp; Walcker">
Chenard &amp; Walcker



</doc>
<doc id="7013728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013728" title="Calcaneonavicular ligament">
Calcaneonavicular ligament



</doc>
<doc id="7013730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013730" title="The Ister (film)">
The Ister (film)

The Ister is a 2004 documentary film directed by David Barison and Daniel Ross.
The film is loosely based on the works of philosopher Martin Heidegger, in particular the 1942 lecture course he delivered, "Hölderlins Hymne »Der Ister«", concerning a poem, "Der Ister", by the German poet Friedrich Hölderlin.
The film had its premiere at the International Film Festival Rotterdam in 2004.
Sources.
"The Ister" was inspired by a 1942 lecture course delivered by the German philosopher Martin Heidegger, published in 1984 as "Hölderlins Hymne "Der Ister"". Heidegger's lecture course concerns a poem by the German poet Friedrich Hölderlin about the Danube River.
The film "The Ister" travels upstream along the Danube toward its source, as several interviewees discuss Heidegger, Hölderlin, and philosophy. The film is also concerned with a number of other themes, including: time, poetry, technology, home, war, politics, myth, National Socialism, the Holocaust, the ancient Greek polis, Sophocles, "Antigone", Agnes Bernauer, Edmund Husserl, the 1991 battle of Vukovar, and the 1999 NATO bombing of Yugoslavia.
Interviewees.
"The Ister" features extensive interviews with the French philosophers Bernard Stiegler, Jean-Luc Nancy, and Philippe Lacoue-Labarthe, as well as with the German film director Hans-Jürgen Syberberg. Other interviews are conducted with a bridge engineer (Nemanja Calic), an amateur botanist (Tobias Maier), and a Romanian archaeologist ().
An extended interview with philosopher Werner Hamacher is also included as one of the "extra features" on the DVD.
Locations.
The film travels upriver: from the Danube Delta, opening onto the Black Sea in Romania, to the source of the river in the Black Forest of southern Germany, moving along the way through the Histria (Sinoe) archaeological site, through Novi Sad in Serbia, Vukovar in Croatia, Budapest, Dunaföldvár, and Dunaújváros in Hungary, and Vienna and the Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp in Austria. Also featured are the Walhalla temple near Regensburg, the Befreiungshalle at Kelheim, the tomb of Agnes Bernauer, and the castle at Sigmaringen to which Marshal Pétain fled in 1945.
Notable places from Heidegger's own life which feature in the film include his birthplace in Meßkirch, his hut at Todtnauberg, and the lecture theatre at Freiburg University where he delivered his infamous "Rectoratsrede" (rectorial address).
Eventually the film arrives at Donaueschingen, and at the Breg and the Brigach, the two tributaries whose confluence marks the point at which the river becomes known as the Danube. The film then travels upstream along the Breg, past Vöhrenbach and Furtwangen, in search of the "true" mountain source of the Danube.
Structure.
"The Ister" is divided into five chapters, plus a prologue and epilogue:
Soundtrack.
Three excerpts from classical works feature in the film:
Premiere and awards.
"The Ister" premiered at the International Film Festival Rotterdam on 23 January 2004. It has won two awards:
Additionally, Robert Koehler, film critic for "Variety", listed "The Ister" as the second best film released theatrically in the United States in 2006.
Reception.
On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an 88% approval rating, based on 8 reviews, with an average rating of 7.1/10. On Metacritic, the film holds a score of 75 out of 100, based on 6 reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="7013734" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013734" title="Chenard et Walcker">
Chenard et Walcker



</doc>
<doc id="7013736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013736" title="O Barco de Valdeorras">
O Barco de Valdeorras

O Barco de Valdeorras is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Valdeorras, serving as its capital. It is located in the Sil valley and lying in the Serra do Eixo. One of its economic foundations, besides mining and slate processing, is wine production, which qualified for the Designation of Origin Valdeorras. Remains of Roman and pre-Roman culture and several stately manor houses are the most important monuments in the town. It is also famous for its wines.
History.
In some caves of the Sierra de la Lastra early human remains were found. In other places close to O Barco, Castreño petroglyphs and settlements have been discovered. The Gegurros, one of the 22 villages that were part of Asturican convent, were the ancient inhabitants of this land and the adjective derived from the current name of the region (Val-de-giorres).
Romanization was intense in a strategic area rich in minerals. Among the Médulas and Montefurado are frequent traces of gold mining activity. By passing the Via Nova (XVIII of the Antonine Itinerary) that joined Braga and Astorga, and other secondary platforms, forced the people of these areas to build bridges that are a testament of that time.
In the Middle Ages, the Lordship of Valdeorras was administered by the nobility.

</doc>
<doc id="7013737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013737" title="Hell Volhard Zelinsky reaction">
Hell Volhard Zelinsky reaction



</doc>
<doc id="7013740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013740" title="Chenard and Walcker">
Chenard and Walcker



</doc>
<doc id="7013742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013742" title="4am (Our Lady Peace song)">
4am (Our Lady Peace song)

"4am" is a song by Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace. It was released in December 1997 as the fourth single from their second album "Clumsy".
The band has described the title of the song as having a double meaning. The band wrote the entire song at 4 am. Also, the band's lead vocalist's father's name was Anthony Maida. The song being written at 4am and the initials of Raine's father give meaning to the song's name. Raine has confessed that the song was triggered by a dream about his father. The dream was about their relationship and the fear he had about his father supporting his musical career. The meaning has resonated with many of the band's fans. The song has a steady upbeat tempo throughout, with poetic lyrics.
Critical reception.
The song 4am made the band very popular in North America and ultimately helped them win two Juno Awards. It also helped propel the album "Clumsy" to platinum status. The song was reviewed negatively by "Billboard Magazine" who said, "To warrant a snail-paced tempo, a song should ideally deliver pleasing vocals or poetic lyrics, and this overwrought ballad by Our Lady Peace unfortunately does neither."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Tony Pantages and was filmed in Los Angeles during El Niño. In the video, the band is shown riding in a black 1958 Cadillac Series 75 limousine. There is also an edited version of the video made for airing in the U.S. The edited version is similar to the original, except it is shorter and features different camera shots at different times than the original. For example, in the original, Maida sings the majority of the song in the car, while in the edited version, he sings mostly on an empty street.

</doc>
<doc id="7013743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013743" title="Chenard - Walcker">
Chenard - Walcker



</doc>
<doc id="7013747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013747" title="Walcker">
Walcker



</doc>
<doc id="7013752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013752" title="Chenard">
Chenard



</doc>
<doc id="7013754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013754" title="Chenard-Walker">
Chenard-Walker



</doc>
<doc id="7013756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013756" title="A Bola, Ourense">
A Bola, Ourense

A Bola is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Terra de Celanova.

</doc>
<doc id="7013759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013759" title="Chenard - Walker">
Chenard - Walker



</doc>
<doc id="7013761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013761" title="A Arnoia">
A Arnoia

A Arnoia is a municipality in the province of Ourense in the Galicia region of north-west Spain. It is located to the west of the province, by the confluence of the río Arnoia and the río Miño.

</doc>
<doc id="7013762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013762" title="Chenard et Walker">
Chenard et Walker



</doc>
<doc id="7013765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013765" title="Chenard and Walker">
Chenard and Walker



</doc>
<doc id="7013769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013769" title="Located">
Located



</doc>
<doc id="7013774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013774" title="Omnibus test">
Omnibus test

Omnibus tests are a kind of statistical test. They test whether the explained variance in a set of data is significantly greater than the unexplained variance, overall. One example is the F-test in the analysis of variance. There can be legitimate significant effects within a model even if the omnibus test is not significant. For instance, in a model with two independent variables, if only one variable exerts a significant effect on the dependent variable and the other does not, then the omnibus test may be non-significant. This fact does not affect the conclusions that may be drawn from the one significant variable. In order to test effects within an omnibus test, researchers often use contrasts.
"Omnibus test", as a general name, refers to an overall or a global test. Other names include F-test or Chi-squared test. It is a statistical test implemented on an overall hypothesis that tends to find general significance between parameters' variance, while examining parameters of the same type, such as:
Hypotheses regarding equality vs. inequality between k expectancies vs. at least one pair , where and , in Analysis Of Variance (ANOVA); 
or regarding equality between k standard deviations vs. at least one pair in testing equality of variances in ANOVA; 
or regarding coefficients vs. at least one pair in Multiple linear regression or in Logistic regression.
Usually, it tests more than two parameters of the same type and its role is to find general significance of at least one of the parameters involved.
Definitions.
"Omnibus test" commonly refers to either one of those statistical tests:
These omnibus tests are usually conducted whenever one tends to test an overall hypothesis on a quadratic statistic (like sum of squares or variance or covariance) or rational quadratic statistic (like the ANOVA overall F test in Analysis of Variance or F Test in Analysis of covariance or the F Test in Linear Regression, or Chi-Square in Logistic Regression).
While significance is founded on the omnibus test, it doesn't specify exactly where the difference is occurred, meaning, it doesn't bring specification on which parameter is significantly different from the other, but it statistically determines that there is a difference, so at least two of the tested parameters are statistically different. If significance was met, none of those tests will tell specifically which mean differs from the others (in ANOVA), which coefficient differs from the others (in regression) etc.
In one-way analysis of variance.
The F-test in ANOVA is an example of an omnibus test, which tests the overall significance of the model. A significant F test means that among the tested means, at least two of the means are significantly different, but this result doesn't specify exactly which means are different one from the other. Actually, testing means' differences is done by the quadratic rational F statistic ( F=MSB/MSW). In order to determine which mean differs from another mean or which contrast of means are significantly different, Post Hoc tests (Multiple Comparison tests) or planned tests should be conducted after obtaining a significant omnibus F test. It may be considered to use the simple Bonferroni correction or another suitable correction.
Another omnibus test we can find in ANOVA is the F test for testing one of the ANOVA assumptions: the equality of variance between groups.
In One-Way ANOVA, for example, the hypotheses tested by omnibus F test are:
H0: μ1=μ2=...= μk
H1: at least one pair μj≠μj'
These hypotheses examine model fit of the most common model: yij = μj + εij, 
where yij is the dependent variable, μj is the j-th independent variable's expectancy, which usually is referred to as "group expectancy" or "factor expectancy"; and εij are the errors results on using the model.
The F statistics of the omnibus test is:
formula_1
Where, formula_2 is the overall sample mean, formula_3 is the group j sample mean, k is the number of groups and nj is sample size of group j.
The F statistic is distributed F(k-1,n-k),(α) under assumption of null hypothesis and normality assumption. 
F test is considered robust in some situations, even when the normality assumption isn't met.
Model assumptions in one-way ANOVA.
If the assumption of equality of variances is not met, Tamhane's test is preferred. When this assumption is satisfied we can choose amongst several tests. Although the LSD (Fisher's Least Significant Difference) is a very strong test in detecting pairs of means differences, it is applied only when the F test is significant, and it is mostly less preferable since its method fails in protecting low error rate. Bonferroni test is a good choice due to its correction suggested by his method. This correction states that if n independent tests are to be applied then the α in each test should be equal to α /n. Tukey's method is also preferable by many statisticians because it controls the overall error rate. On small sample sizes, when the assumption of normality is not met, a nonparametric analysis of variance can be made by the Kruskal-Wallis test.
An alternative option is to use bootstrap methods to assess whether the group means are different. Bootstrap methods do not have any specific distributional assumptions and may be an appropriate tool to use like using re-sampling, which is one of the simplest bootstrap methods. A person can extend the idea to the case of multiple groups and estimate p-values.
Example.
A cellular survey on customers' time-wait was reviewed on 1,963 different customers during 7 days on each one of 20 in-sequential weeks. Assuming none of the customers called twice and none of them have customer relations among each other, One Way ANOVA was run on SPSS to find significant differences between the days time-wait:
Dependent variable: time minutes to respond.
The omnibus F ANOVA test results above indicate significant differences between the days time-wait (P-Value =0.000 &lt; 0.05, α =0.05).
The other omnibus tested was the assumption of Equality of Variances, tested by the Levene F test:
Dependent variable: time minutes to respond.
The results suggest that the equality of variances assumption can't be made. In that case Tamhane's test can be made on Post Hoc comparisons.
Considerations.
A significant omnibus F test in ANOVA procedure, is an in advance requirement before conducting the Post Hoc comparison, otherwise those comparisons are not required. If the omnibus test fails to find significant differences between all means, it means that no difference has been found between any combinations of the tested means. In such, it protects family-wise Type I error, which may be increased if overlooking the omnibus test. 
Some debates have occurred about the efficiency of the omnibus F Test in ANOVA.
In a paper Review of Educational Research (66(3), 269-306) which reviewed by Greg Hancock, those problems are discussed:
William B. Ware (1997) claims that the omnibus test significance is required depending on the Post Hoc test is conducted or planned: "... Tukey's HSD and Scheffé's procedure are one-step procedures and can be done without the omnibus F having to be significant. They are "a posteriori" tests, but in this case, "a posteriori" means "without prior knowledge", as in "without specific hypotheses." On the other hand, Fisher's Least Significant Difference test is a two-step procedure. It should not be done without the omnibus F-statistic being significant."
William B. Ware (1997) argued that there are a number of problems associated with the requirement of an omnibus test rejection prior to conducting multiple comparisons. Hancock agrees with that approach and sees the omnibus requirement in ANOVA in performing planned tests an unnecessary test and potentially detrimental, hurdle unless it is related to Fisher's LSD, which is a viable option for k=3 groups.
Other reason for relating to the omnibus test significance when it is concerned to protect family-wise Type I error.
The publication "Review of Educational Research" discusses four problems in the omnibus F test requirement:
"First", in a well planned study, the researcher's questions involve specific contrasts of group means' while the omnibus test, addresses each question only tangentially and it is rather used to facilitate control over the rate of Type I error.
"Secondly", this issue of control is related to the second point: the belief that an omnibus test offers protection is not completely accurate. When the complete null hypothesis is true, weak family-wise Type I error control is facilitated by the omnibus test; but, when the complete null is false and partial nulls exist, the F-test does not maintain strong control over the family-wise error rate.
A "third" point, which Games (1971) demonstrated in his study, is that the F-test may not be completely consistent with the results of a pairwise comparison approach. Consider, for example, a researcher who is instructed to conduct Tukey's test only if an alpha-level F-test rejects the complete null. It is possible for the complete null to be rejected but for the widest ranging means not to differ significantly. This is an example of what has been referred to as non-consonance/dissonance (Gabriel, 1969) or incompatibility (Lehmann, 1957). On the other hand, the complete null may be retained while the null associated with the widest ranging means would have been rejected had the decision structure allowed it to be tested. This has been referred to by Gabriel (1969) as incoherence. One wonders if, in fact, a practitioner in this situation would simply conduct the MCP contrary to the omnibus test's recommendation.
The "fourth" argument against the traditional implementation of an initial omnibus F-test stems from the fact that its well-intentioned but unnecessary protection contributes to a decrease in power. The first test in a pairwise MCP, such as that of the most disparate means in Tukey's test, is a form of omnibus test all by itself, controlling the family-wise error rate at the α-level in the weak sense. Requiring a preliminary omnibus F-test amount to forcing a researcher to negotiate two hurdles to proclaim the most disparate means significantly different, a task that the range test accomplished at an acceptable α -level all by itself. If these two tests were perfectly redundant, the results of both would be identical to the omnibus test; probabilistically speaking, the joint probability of rejecting both would be α when the complete null hypothesis was true. However, the two tests are not completely redundant; as a result the joint probability of their rejection is less than α. The F-protection therefore imposes unnecessary conservatism (see Bernhardson, 1975, for a simulation of this conservatism). For this reason, and those listed before, we agree with Games' (1971) statement regarding the traditional implementation of a preliminary omnibus F-test: There seems to be little point in applying the overall F test prior to running c contrasts by procedures that set [the family-wise error rate] α ... If the c contrasts express the experimental interest directly, they are justified whether the overall F is significant or not and (family-wise error rate) is still controlled.
In multiple regression.
In multiple regression, the omnibus test is an ANOVA F test on all the coefficients, that is equivalent to the multiple correlations R Square F test.
The omnibus F test is an overall test that examines model fit, thus failure to reject the null hypothesis implies that the suggested linear model is not significantly suitable to the data. None of the independent variables has explored as significant in explaining the dependent variable variation.
These hypotheses examine model fit of the most common model: 
yi = β0 + β1 xi1 + ... +βk xik + εij
estimated by , where E(yi|xi1...xik) is the dependant variable explanatory for the i-th observation, xij is the j-th independent (explanatory) variable, βj is the j-th coefficient of xij and indicates its influence on the dependant variable y upon its partial correlation with y.
The F statistics of the omnibus test is: 
formula_4
Whereas, ȳ is the overall sample mean for yi, ŷi is the regression estimated mean for specific set of k independent (explanatory) variables and n is the sample size.
The F statistic is distributed F (k,n-k-1),(α) under assuming of null hypothesis and normality assumption.
The omnibus F test regarding the hypotheses over the coefficients.
H0: β1= β2=...= βk = 0
H1: at least one βj ≠ 0
The omnibus test examines whether there are any regression coefficients that are significantly non-zero, except for the coefficient β0. The β0 coefficient goes with the constant predictor and is usually not of interest. The null hypothesis is generally thought to be false and is easily rejected with a reasonable amount of data, but in contrary to ANOVA, it is important to do the test anyway. When the null hypothesis cannot be rejected, this means the data are completely worthless. The model that has the constant regression function fits as well as the regression model, which means that no further analysis need be done.
In many statistical researches, the omnibus is usually significant, although part or most of the independent variables has no significance influence on the dependant variable. So the omnibus is useful only to imply whether the model fits or not, but it doesn't offers the corrected recommended model which can be fitted to the data. 
The omnibus test comes to be significant mostly if at least one of the independent variables is significant. This means that any other variable may enter the model, under the model assumption of non-colinearity between independent variables, while the omnibus test still shows significance. The suggested model is fitted to the data.
Example 1- omnibus F test on SPSS.
An insurance company intends to predict "Average cost of claims" (variable name "claimamt") by three independent variables (Predictors): "Number of claims" (variable name "nclaims"), "Policyholder age" (variable name holderage), "Vehicle age" (variable name vehicleage).
Linear Regression procedure has been run on the data, as follows:
The omnibus F test in the ANOVA table implies that the model involved these three predictors can fit for predicting "Average cost of claims", since the null hypothesis is rejected (P-Value=0.000 &lt; 0.01, α=0.01). 
This rejection of the omnibus test implies that "at least one" of the coefficients of the predictors in the model have found to be non-zero. The multiple- R-Square reported on the Model Summary table is 0.362, which means that the three predictors can explain 36.2% from the "Average cost of claims" variation.
ANOVA.
a. Predictors: (Constant), nclaims Number of claims, holderage Policyholder age, vehicleage Vehicle age
b. Dependent Variable: claimant Average cost of claims
Model summary.
a. Predictors: (Constant), nclaims Number of claims, holderage Policyholder age, vehicleage Vehicle age
However, only the predictors: "Vehicle age" and "Number of claims" has statistical influence and prediction on the "Average cost of claims" as shown on the following "Coefficients table", whereas "Policyholder age" is not significant as a predictor (P-Value=0.116&gt;0.05). That means that a model without this predictor may be suitable.
Coefficients.
a. Dependent Variable: claimant Average cost of claims
Example 2- multiple linear regression omnibus F test on R.
The following R output illustrates the linear regression and model fit of two predictors: x1 and x2. The last line describes the omnibus F test for model fit. The interpretation is that the null hypothesis is rejected (P = 0.02692&lt;0.05, α=0.05). So Either β1 or β2 appears to be non-zero (or perhaps both). Note that the conclusion from Coefficients: table is that only β1 is significant (P-Value shown on Pr(&gt;|t|) column is 4.37e-05 « 0.001). Thus one step test, like omnibus F test for model fitting is not sufficient to determine model fit for those predictors.
Coefficients.
Residual standard error: 1.157 on 7 degrees of freedom
Multiple R-Squared: 0.644, Adjusted R-squared: 0.5423
F-statistic: 6.332 on 2 and 7 DF, p-value: 0.02692
In logistic regression.
In statistics, logistic regression is a type of regression analysis used for predicting the outcome of a categorical dependent variable (with a limited number of categories) or dichotomic dependent variable based on one or more predictor variables. The probabilities describing the possible outcome of a single trial are modeled, as a function of explanatory (independent) variables, using a logistic function or multinomial distribution.
Logistic regression measures the relationship between a categorical or dichotomic dependent variable and usually a continuous independent variable (or several), by converting the dependent variable to probability scores. 
The probabilities can be retrieved using the logistic function or the multinomial distribution, while those probabilities, like in probability theory, takes on values between zero and one:
formula_5
So the model tested can be defined by:
formula_6
whereas yi is the category of the dependent variable for the i-th observation and xij is the j independent variable (j=1,2...k) for that observation, βj is the j-th coefficient of xij and indicates its influence on and expected from the fitted model .
Note: independent variables in logistic regression can also be continuous.
Omnibus test relates to the hypotheses.
H0: β1= β2=...= βk = 0
H1: at least one βj ≠ 0
Model fitting: maximum likelihood method.
The omnibus test, among the other parts of the logistic regression procedure, is a likelihood-ratio test based on the maximum likelihood method. Unlike the Linear Regression procedure in which estimation of the regression coefficients can be derived from least square procedure or by minimizing the sum of squared residuals as in maximum likelihood method, in logistic regression there is no such an analytical solution or a set of equations from which one can derive a solution to estimate the regression coefficients. So logistic regression uses the maximum likelihood procedure to estimate the coefficients that maximize the likelihood of the regression coefficients given the predictors and criterion. The maximum likelihood solution is an iterative process that begins with a tentative solution, revises it slightly to see if it can be improved, and repeats this process until improvement is made, at which point the model is said to have converged. Applying the procedure in conditioned on convergence ( see also in the following "remarks and other considerations ").
In general, regarding simple hypotheses on parameter θ ( for example):H0: θ=θ0vs.H1: θ=θ1, the likelihood ratio test statistic can be referred as: 
formula_7
, where L(yi|θ) is the likelihood function, which refers to the specific θ.
The numerator corresponds to the maximum likelihood of an observed outcome under the null hypothesis. The denominator corresponds to the maximum likelihood of an observed outcome varying parameters over the whole parameter space. The numerator of this ratio is less than the denominator. 
The likelihood ratio hence is between 0 and 1.
Lower values of the likelihood ratio mean that the observed result was much less likely to occur under the null hypothesis as compared to the alternative. Higher values of the statistic mean that the observed outcome was more than or equally likely or nearly as likely to occur under the null hypothesis as compared to the alternative, and the null hypothesis cannot be rejected.
The likelihood ratio test provides the following decision rule:
If do not reject H0,
otherwise
If reject H0
and also reject H0 with probability,
whereas the critical values c, q are usually chosen to obtain a specified significance level α, through : formula_8.
Thus, the likelihood-ratio test rejects the null hypothesis if the value of this statistic is too small. How small is too small depends on the significance level of the test, i.e., on what probability of Type I error is considered tolerable
The Neyman-Pearson lemma states that this likelihood ratio test is the most powerful among all level-α tests for this problem.
Test's statistic and distribution: Wilks' theorem.
First we define the test statistic as the deviate formula_9 which indicates testing the ratio:
formula_10
While the saturated model is a model with a theoretically perfect fit. Given that deviance is a measure of the difference between a given model and the saturated model, smaller values indicate better fit as the fitted model deviates less from the saturated model. When assessed upon a chi-square distribution, non-significant chi-square values indicate very little unexplained variance and thus, good model fit. Conversely, a significant chi-square value indicates that a significant amount of the variance is unexplained. 
Two measures of deviance D are particularly important in logistic regression: null deviance and model deviance. The null deviance represents the difference between a model with only the intercept and no predictors and the saturated model. And, the model deviance represents the difference between a model with at least one predictor and the saturated model. In this respect, the null model provides a baseline upon which to compare predictor models. Therefore, to assess the contribution of a predictor or set of predictors, one can subtract the model deviance from the null deviance and assess the difference on a chi-square distribution with one degree of freedom. If the model deviance is significantly smaller than the null deviance then one can conclude that the predictor or set of predictors significantly improved model fit. This is analogous to the F-test used in linear regression analysis to assess the significance of prediction.
In most cases, the exact distribution of the likelihood ratio corresponding to specific hypotheses is very difficult to determine. A convenient result, attributed to Samuel S. Wilks, says that as the sample size n approaches the test statistic has asymptotically distribution with degrees of freedom equal to the difference in dimensionality of and parameters the β coefficients as mentioned before on the omnibus test. e.g., if n is large enough and if the fitted model assuming the null hypothesis consist of 3 predictors and the saturated ( full ) model consist of 5 predictors, the Wilks' statistic is approximately distributed (with 2 degrees of freedom). This means that we can retrieve the critical value C from the chi squared with 2 degrees of freedom under a specific significance level.
Example 1 of logistic regression.
Spector and Mazzeo examined the effect of a teaching method known as PSI on the performance of students in a course, intermediate macro economics. The question was whether students exposed to the method scored higher on exams in the class. They collected data from students in two classes, one in which PSI was used and another in which a traditional teaching method was employed. For each of 32 students, they gathered data on
Dependent variable.
• GRADE — coded 1 if the final grade was an A, 0 if the final grade was a B or C.
The particular interest in the research was whether PSI had a significant effect on GRADE. 
TUCE and GPA are included as control variables.
Statistical analysis using logistic regression of Grade on GPA, Tuce and Psi was conducted in SPSS using Stepwise Logistic Regression.
In the output, the "block" line relates to Chi-Square test on the set of independent variables that are tested and included in the model fitting. The "step" line relates to Chi-Square test on the step level while variables included in the model step by step. Note that in the output a step chi-square, is the same as the block chi-square since they both are testing the same hypothesis that the tested variables enter on this step are non-zero. If you were doing stepwise regression, however, the results would be different. Using forward stepwise selection, researchers divided the variables into two blocks (see METHOD on the syntax following below).
LOGISTIC REGRESSION VAR=grade
/METHOD=fstep psi / fstep gpa tuce
/CRITERIA PIN(.50) POUT(.10) ITERATE(20) CUT(.5).
The default PIN value is .05, was changed by the researchers to .5 so the insignificant TUCE would make it in. In the first block, psi alone gets entered, so the block and step Chi Test relates to the hypothesis H0: βPSI = 0. 
Results of the omnibus Chi-Square tests implies that PSI is significant for predicting that GRADE is more likely to be a final grade of A.
Omnibus tests of model coefficients.
Then, in the next block, the forward selection procedure causes GPA to get entered first, then TUCE (see METHOD command on the syntax before).
Omnibus tests of model coefficients.
The first step on block2 indicates that GPA is significant (P-Value=0.003&lt;0.05, α=0.05)
So, looking at the final entries on step2 in block2,
Tests of Individual Parameters shown on the "variables in the equation table", which Wald test (W=(b/sb)2, where b is β estimation and sb is its standard error estimation ) that is testing whether any individual parameter equals zero . You can, if you want, do an incremental LR chi-square test. That, in fact, is the best way to do it, since the Wald test referred to next is biased under certain situations. 
When parameters are tested separately, by controlling the other parameters, we see that the effects of GPA and PSI are statistically significant, but the effect of TUCE is not. Both have Exp(β) greater than 1, implying that the probability to get "A" grade is greater than getting other grade depends upon the teaching method PSI and a former grade average GPA.
Variables in the equation.
a. Variable(s) entered on step 1: PSI
Example 2 of logistic regression.
Research subject: "The Effects of Employment, Education, Rehabilitation and Seriousness of Offense on Re-Arrest". 
A social worker in a criminal justice probation agency tends to examine whether some of the factors are leading to re-arrest of those managed by the person's agency over the past five years who were convicted and then released. 
The data consist of 1,000 clients with the following variables:
Independent variables (coded as a dummy variables).
Note: Continuous independent variables were not measured on this scenario.
The null hypothesis for the overall model fit: The overall model does not predict re-arrest. OR, the independent variables as a group are not related to being re-arrested. (And for the independent variables: any of the separate independent variables is not related to the likelihood of re-arrest).
The alternative hypothesis for the overall model fit: The overall model predicts the likelihood of re-arrest. (The meaning respectively independent variables: having committed a felony (vs. a misdemeanor), not completing high school, not completing a rehab program, and being unemployed are related to the likelihood of being re-arrested).
Logistic regression was applied to the data on SPSS, since the Dependent variable is Categorical (dichotomous) and the researcher examine the odd ratio of potentially being re-arrested vs. not expected to be re-arrested.
Omnibus tests of model coefficients.
The table shows the "Omnibus Test of Model Coefficients" based on Chi-Square test, which implies that the overall model is predictive of re-arrest (focus is on row three—"Model"): (4 degrees of freedom) = 41.15, p &lt; .001, and the null can be rejected. Testing the null that the Model, or the group of independent variables that are taken together, does not predict the likelihood of being re-arrested. This result means that the model of expecting re-arrestment is more suitable to the data.
Variables in the equation.
One can also reject the null that the B coefficients for having committed a felony, completing a rehab program, and being employed are equal to zero—they are statistically significant and predictive of re-arrest. Education level, however, was not found to be predictive of re-arrest. Controlling for other variables, having committed a felony for the first offense increases the odds of being re-arrested by 33% (p = .046), compared to having committed a misdemeanor. Completing a rehab program and being employed after the first offense decreases the odds or re-arrest, each by more than 50% (p &lt; .001).
The last column, Exp(B) (taking the B value by calculating the inverse natural log of B) indicates odds ratio: the probability of an event occurring, divided by the probability of the event not occurring. An Exp(B) value over 1.0 signifies that the independent variable increases the odds of the dependent variable occurring. An Exp(B) under 1.0 signifies that the independent variable decreases the odds of the dependent variable occurring, depending on the decoding that mentioned on the variables details before.
A negative B coefficient will result in an Exp(B) less than 1.0, and a positive B coefficient will result in an Exp(B) greater than 1.0. The statistical significance of each B is tested by the Wald Chi-Square—testing the null that the B coefficient = 0 (the alternate hypothesis is that it does not = 0). p-values lower than alpha are significant, leading to rejection of the null. Here, only the independent variables felony, rehab, employment, are significant ( P-Value&lt;0.05. Examining the odds ratio of being re-arrested vs. not re-arrested, means to examine the odds ratio for comparison of two groups (re-arrested = 1 in the numerator, and re-arrested = 0 in the denominator) for the felony group, compared to the baseline misdemeanor group. Exp(B)=1.327 for "felony" can indicates that having committed a felony vs. misdemeanor increases the odds of re-arrest by 33%. For "rehab", a person can say that having completed rehab reduces the likelihood (or odds) of being re-arrested by almost 51%.

</doc>
<doc id="7013777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013777" title="Baños de Molgas">
Baños de Molgas

Baños de Molgas is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Allariz – Maceda.

</doc>
<doc id="7013778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013778" title="Natalia Iretskaya">
Natalia Iretskaya

Natalia Alexandrovna Iretskaya (, 1843 – 15 November 1922) was a Russian singer and teacher of singing. Vocally, she is best known as a soprano. 
Biography.
She was born in 1843 and graduated from the Saint Petersburg Conservatory, where she studied with Henriette Nissen-Saloman (a pupil of Manuel Patricio Rodríguez García). 
She also studied in Paris with Pauline Viardot (a daughter and pupil of Manuel García). In 1874, she taught singing in the Saint Petersburg Conservatory, and became a professor in 1881.
Pupils.
Among her pupils were:

</doc>
<doc id="7013782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013782" title="Barbadás">
Barbadás

Barbadás is a municipality located in the northwest of the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Ourense.

</doc>
<doc id="7013786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013786" title="Barbadas">
Barbadas



</doc>
<doc id="7013789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013789" title="Talar shelf">
Talar shelf



</doc>
<doc id="7013790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013790" title="O Bolo">
O Bolo

O Bolo is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Valdeorras.

</doc>
<doc id="7013791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013791" title="Carballeda de Valdeorras">
Carballeda de Valdeorras

Carballeda de Valdeorras is a large municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Valdeorras.
The only "taxus baccata" forest in Galicia is located within this municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="7013792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013792" title="Spring-Heeled Jack">
Spring-Heeled Jack



</doc>
<doc id="7013794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013794" title="Edmund Mortimer McDonald">
Edmund Mortimer McDonald

Edmund Mortimer McDonald (September 29, 1825 – May 25, 1874) was a Nova Scotia journalist, publisher and political figure. He represented Lunenburg in the House of Commons of Canada as an Anti-Confederate and then a Liberal-Conservative from 1868 to 1872.
Early life.
He was born in West River, Nova Scotia in 1825.
Before politics.
He worked as a journalist with Joseph Howe on the "Novascotian" during the 1840s. In 1847, he became the owner of the "Eastern Chronicle" at New Glasgow. He served as Queen's Printer for Nova Scotia from 1860 to 1863. In 1863, he founded the "Halifax Citizen" with William Garvie; the paper favoured a maritime union but opposed Confederation. McDonald and Garvie also helped found the Anti-confederation League, which had the same aims.
Political career.
In 1867, he was elected to the House of Commons and lobbied for the removal of Nova Scotia from the union and for repealing of the British North America Act for Nova Scotia. When Howe was able to negotiate better terms for the province in 1869, McDonald threw his support behind Sir John A. Macdonald.
Later life and death.
In 1872, he was named customs inspector for the port of Halifax. He died at Halifax in 1874.

</doc>
<doc id="7013798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013798" title="Castrelo do Val">
Castrelo do Val

Castrelo do Val is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Verín.

</doc>
<doc id="7013799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013799" title="Dominick Brooklier">
Dominick Brooklier



</doc>
<doc id="7013803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013803" title="A Merca">
A Merca

A Merca is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Terra de Celanova.

</doc>
<doc id="7013805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013805" title="A Mezquita">
A Mezquita

A Mezquita is the southeasternmost municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Viana.

</doc>
<doc id="7013811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013811" title="Viccy Park">
Viccy Park



</doc>
<doc id="7013812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013812" title="A Gudiña">
A Gudiña

A Gudiña () is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Viana.

</doc>
<doc id="7013813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013813" title="Lickin' On Both Sides">
Lickin' On Both Sides



</doc>
<doc id="7013815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013815" title="Shepherd Dog">
Shepherd Dog



</doc>
<doc id="7013816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013816" title="A Gudina">
A Gudina



</doc>
<doc id="7013817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013817" title="Leaving All Behind">
Leaving All Behind

Leaving All Behind is a EP/demo by American power metal band Cellador.

</doc>
<doc id="7013833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013833" title="2006 Escherichia coli Outbreak">
2006 Escherichia coli Outbreak



</doc>
<doc id="7013836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013836" title="Arvind Kumar Sharma">
Arvind Kumar Sharma

Arvind Kumar Sharma (born 25 November 1962) is an Indian dental surgeon, politician who currently represents the Gohana Assembly constituency in the Haryana Legislative Assembly. He was also a Member of Parliament in the 17th Lok Sabha from Rohtak (Lok Sabha constituency). He represented the Karnal (Lok Sabha constituency) constituency of Haryana in 15th Lok Sabha and was a member of the Indian National Congress but he joined Bharatiya Janata Party in 2019.
Personal life.
Sharma was born on 25 November 1962 to Satguru Dass Sharma and Bimla Devi in the village of M.P. Majra in Jhajjar district of Haryana. He completed his Bachelor of Dental Surgery from Gujarat University, Ahmedabad and Master of Dental Surgery from Maharshi Dayanand University, Rohtak. Sharma married Rita Sharma on 9 November 1989, with whom he has a son and a daughter. He is a medical practitioner, social worker and agriculturist.
Political career.
In January 2014, he left Indian National Congress and joined Bahujan Samaj Party and was named chief ministerial candidate. He lost from both Yamunanagar and Julana seats and was pushed to the third slot in both the seats.
In 2019, he joined Bharatiya Janata Party and contested from Rohtak Lok Sabha seat in 2019 Indian general election and defeated Deepender Singh Hooda of Indian National Congress with margin of 7,503 votes. However, in 2024 Lok Sabha election, he lost to Hooda by 345,298 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="7013838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013838" title="Pixelon">
Pixelon

Pixelon was an American dot-com company founded in 1998 that promised better distribution of high-quality video over the Internet. It was based in San Juan Capistrano, California. It gained fame for its extravagant Las Vegas launch party, followed by its sudden and violent decline less than a year later as it became evident it was using technologies that were, in fact, fake or misrepresented. Its founder, "Michael Fenne", was actually David Kim Stanley, a convicted felon involved in stock scams who was "on the lam and living out of the back of his car" when he arrived in California two years earlier. In the year 2000, Pixelon began to fire employees and reduce its operations until its bankruptcy. Pixelon ousted their management team and filed for bankruptcy in June 2000.
iBash '99.
The party event for Pixelon's product launch, called "iBASH '99", was held October 29, 1999, at the MGM Grand Las Vegas, at a reported cost of US$16 million. The lineup featured performances by Chely Wright, LeAnn Rimes, Faith Hill, Dixie Chicks, Sugar Ray, Natalie Cole, KISS, Tony Bennett, the Brian Setzer Orchestra, and a reunion of the Who.
Pixelon announced that iBash would be broadcast over the Internet as a technology demonstration. The live stream displayed error messages to thousands of people, and most of those watching the concert did so with Microsoft's streaming software instead of Pixelon's. Pixelon leased the large video screen on One Times Square in New York City to show an eight-hour-plus live feed of the event. An edited 2-hour show aired on October 30, 1999 on Pax TV (now known as Ion Television).
iBash was produced by Woody Fraser Productions and was hosted live by David Spade and Cindy Margolis. The Who later released their set as a DVD titled "The Vegas Job", featuring two short pre-show interviews with Roger Daltrey and John Entwistle, and a short after-crash interview with David Kim Stanley admitting to embezzlement.
Aftermath.
The history of the company has been the subject in 2019 National Geographic's docudrama miniseries "Valley of the Boom".

</doc>
<doc id="7013840" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013840" title="Hell Volhard Zelinsky">
Hell Volhard Zelinsky



</doc>
<doc id="7013842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013842" title="Os Blancos">
Os Blancos

Os Blancos is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of A Limia.

</doc>
<doc id="7013845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013845" title="How the Grinch Stole Christmas! (cartoon)">
How the Grinch Stole Christmas! (cartoon)



</doc>
<doc id="7013848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013848" title="Carballeda de Avia">
Carballeda de Avia

Carballeda de Avia is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of O Ribeiro. It is located to the west of the province, northwest of Ribadavia off the A-52 road. As of 2012 it had a population of 1487 people. It is a wine-producing area with about 3000 hectares dedicated to vineyards, some of which are at an altitude of . River valleys in the municipality include the Miño, Avia, Arnoia and Barbantiño.

</doc>
<doc id="7013853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013853" title="Castro Caldelas">
Castro Caldelas

Castro Caldelas is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Terra de Caldelas.
Its area is 87,6 km2. Castro Caldelas is divided into 16 areas and 86 entities of population, with a population of 1,313 (INE 2016).
Its residents are called .
History.
Archaeological evidence suggests that it was settled during the prehistoric and Roman periods. The Romans established a presence in the region, leaving behind ruins and artifacts that attest to their influence.
During the Middle Ages, Castro Caldelas was a part of the Kingdom of Galicia. It was strategically located, and a fortress or "castro" was built to defend the town and its surroundings. The castle of Castro Caldelas was constructed during this time and played a significant role in the history of the region.
Like many other places in Spain, Castro Caldelas was involved in the process of the Reconquista. During this time the town was subject to various battles and power struggles during this period.
Castro Caldelas continued to develop during the 16th and 17th centuries, with the construction of religious buildings and expansion of the town. The castle, which had been a defensive structure, also served as a noble residence during this time.
In the 19th and 20th centuries, Castro Caldelas, like many other towns, experienced social and economic changes which caused it to become an administrative and cultural center in the region.
Today, Castro Caldelas is known for its historical and cultural significance. The castle has been restored and is a prominent tourist attraction. The town is also famous for its winemaking traditions, with the Ribeira Sacra (DO) wine region nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="7013856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013856" title="A Peroxa">
A Peroxa

A Peroxa is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Ourense.

</doc>
<doc id="7013859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013859" title="Neil Broom">
Neil Broom

Neil Trevor Broom (born 20 November 1983) is a New Zealand former international cricketer. He played domestic cricket for Otago and Canterbury and in England for Derbyshire County Cricket Club. After making his One Day International debut in 2009, Broom was recalled to the squad in 2017 following a successful domestic season, and made his Test debut. He played two Test matches, 39 One Day Internationals and 11 Twenty20 Internationals for the national side.
Broom was born at Christchurch in Canterbury in 1983. He was educated at Shirley Boys' High School. He retired from professional cricket at the end of the 2021–22 season, and in July 2022 was appointed coach of University Grange Cricket Club in the Dunedin Premier Grade competition (2022–23). His brother, Darren Broom, played for Canterbury and Otago between 2007–08 and 2012–13.
Domestic career.
Broom played in a strong Canterbury side in the early years of his professional career, making his top-class debut in the 2002–03 season. With limited opportunities in the representative side, he moved to play for Otago from the 2005–06 season. He established himself as a core element of the Otago side and played almost 350 senior matches for the provincial side, although he returned to Canterbury for one season in 2014–15.
In September 2015 Broom signed a two-year deal with English domestic side Derbyshire County Cricket Club. He held a British passport and qualified as a domestic player. He played a total of 32 matches for the side in all competitions during the 2016 season. In December 2016, however, he cancelled his contract with the team after a surprise recall to the New Zealand side.
When he retired from cricket in 2022 he was Otago's leading run scorer in both List A and Twenty20 cricket, and the province's second leading run scorer in first-class cricket, with 6,085 runs for the team. He had made 101 first-class appearances for the side, the second most of any player. He also held two partnership records for the side, putting on 306 runs with Shaun Haig for the third wicket in 2009–10 and 239 runs with Nick Beard for the fourth wicket in 2012–12.
International career.
Broom was first selected in the New Zealand squad for the One Day International series against the West Indies in 2008–09. He made his debut in the fourth match at Auckland in January 2009, scoring 24 not out and kept his place for the final match of the series. He played against Australia in February 2009 and made his Twenty20 International debut during the tour. He was a regular in the New Zealand team until the end of the 2009–10 season.
A single Twenty20 International against Sri Lanka was the only international cricket Broom played until he was named in the squad for the ODI series against Bangladesh in 2016–17, replacing Ross Taylor in the side after he was not passed fit after recovering from an eye surgery. He had to terminate his contract with Derbyshire in order to play again for New Zealand. Broom scored his maiden ODI century against Bangladesh during the second ODI of the series, batting with Kane Williamson in a partnership of 176 for the second wicket, setting a new record second wicket partnership for New Zealand in ODIs. He went on to score 97 in the third ODI and was added to New Zealand's T20I squad, after Martin Guptill was ruled out due to injury. The single match he played during the T20I series was his last for New Zealand.
In March 2017, he was included in New Zealand's Test squad against South Africa as a replacement for injured Ross Taylor. He made his Test debut for New Zealand against South Africa on 16 March 2017 in the second Test of the series and retained his place in the side for the final Test, although he scored only 32 runs with a high score of 20 in his two Test matches. He retained his place in the ODI side throughout 2017, including playing in the 2017 Champions Trophy. His final international appearances came at the end of the year against the touring West Indians. Both of his final ODIs were at the Hagley Oval in his hometown to Christchurch.

</doc>
<doc id="7013861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013861" title="Wang Jialie">
Wang Jialie

Wang Jialie () (1893 – August 11, 1966) was Chairmen of the Guizhou government from November 1931 – May 1935. He continuously resisted Chiang Kai-shek's attempt to unify China under his central government.
One of Wang's most notorious and successful attempts occurred during Chiang's first operation to spread his power to Guizhou by establishing Kuomintang party memberships there that were previously non-existent. Wang first refused Chiang's request but later, when he realized he would not get away with it, answered Chiang by claiming that everyone in Guizhou would become a member of Kuomintang. Chiang was too far away to offer any actual help to his recruiters in Guizhou, and as a result they had to randomly circle names from the local population registry in order to fulfill their task, and Wang thus successfully thwarted Chiang's initial takeover attempt.
However, Chiang got his chance for revenge years later when pursuing the fleeing Chinese Red Army during the Long March. Wang's local provincial army was no match for the communist forces and, under the excuse of helping the locals get rid of the communists by chasing after them, Chiang sent his own troops into Guizhou and successfully bribed Wang's trusted lieutenants to defect to Chiang's camp. Without effective military support, Wang was deposed by Chiang after the Chinese Red Army left Guizhou. He eventually returned to Zunyi in May 1946 for his retirement. After the communist revolution, Wang was named the deputy chairman of the provincial People's Political Consultative Conference, but he was denounced during the Cultural Revolution by Red Guards and died in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="7013862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013862" title="Pontedeva">
Pontedeva

Pontedeva is a small municipality in Ourense in the Galicia region of north-west Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Terra de Celanova. It is located to the very west of the province.

</doc>
<doc id="7013864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013864" title="A Coach for Cinderella">
A Coach for Cinderella

A Coach for Cinderella is a 1936 Technicolor animated cartoon sponsored film based on the Cinderella fairy tale. Directed by Max Fleischer for Jaminson Handy, the film is an advertisement for Chevrolet automobiles.
Summary.
The story begins with Cinderella wishing to have a better life, away from her evil stepsisters. There is a gnome that is watching Cinderella live a strenuous life. When Cinderella falls asleep the gnome takes Cinderella's measurements, then leaves to meet other gnomes in the woods. He tells them that Cinderella has done quite a bit for them when they were in need, so they should return the favor. The gnomes decide to help Cinderella by making her a dress for the ball, and a car that she can travel in. They use various things around the forest to make her a carriage. Then, they put it through the "modernizer" and at the end of the clip it is revealed to be a new Chevrolet. Cinderella then goes out to the ball in the car, with the rest of the story told by the sequel "A Ride for Cinderella".
Availability.
This film is in the public domain.

</doc>
<doc id="7013866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013866" title="O Pereiro de Aguiar">
O Pereiro de Aguiar

O Pereiro de Aguiar is a small municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Ourense.

</doc>
<doc id="7013869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013869" title="Tabriz Shahid Madani International Airport">
Tabriz Shahid Madani International Airport

Tabriz Shahid Madani International Airport () is an airport that serves the Iranian city of Tabriz. It is the primary airport of this city in the East Azerbaijan province of northwestern Iran. The runway of the airport is also used by Tactical Air Base 2 of the Islamic Republic of Iran Air Force.
The airport has been damaged from Israeli airstrikes on 13 June 2025 leading to a full closure that lasted 23 days. The airport reopened for both domestic and international operations on 5 July 2025.
History.
In June 2025, the airport was damaged in airstrikes during Israel's Operation Rising Lion on 13 June 2025. The focus of the attacks was on military aircraft and aircraft hangars. As of 14 June, the airport is closed and all flights are grounded.

</doc>
<doc id="7013870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013870" title="Blacking up">
Blacking up



</doc>
<doc id="7013871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013871" title="Vilar de Santos">
Vilar de Santos

 
Vilar de Santos is a small municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of A Limia.

</doc>
<doc id="7013876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013876" title="Ocular scale">
Ocular scale



</doc>
<doc id="7013877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013877" title="The Chronicles of a Bohemian Teenager">
The Chronicles of a Bohemian Teenager

The Chronicles of a Bohemian Teenager is the first album by singer-songwriter Sam Duckworth, "alias" Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly. Recorded mostly in his bedroom studio in Essex, it was released on 18 September 2006 on Atlantic Records.
While "The Guardian" complained that "Duckworth's style can get a little samey", allmusic.com's review said that he "is not particularly different from the other vaguely introspective young singer/songwriters out there... with his plaintive, often monotonous and sometimes whiny vocals" and that his "simple acoustic guitar chords can get a little repetitive". The album is certified as Silver in the U.K., having sold over 60,000 copies.
"I-Spy", "Call Me Ishmael", "The Chronicles of a Bohemian Teenager (Part One)" and "War of the Worlds" were all released as singles, the first two as a double A-side.
The Track "If I Had £1 for Every Stale Song Title I'd Be 30 Short of Getting Out of this Mess" was originally titled "The Chronicles of a Bohemian Teenager (Part Four)”.
In 2021, the album was re-released on gold heavyweight vinyl to celebrate the record's 15th anniversary. A subsequent tour, due to celebrate the reissue in Autumn 2021, was postponed until 2022 over insurance fears relating to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

</doc>
<doc id="7013881" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013881" title="Ocular scales">
Ocular scales

In scaled reptiles, the ocular scales are those forming the margin of the eye. The name originates from the term which is Latin for 'eye' and, in the broadest sense, refers to a scale associated with the eye. The numbers of these scales present, and sometimes the shapes and sizes, are some of many characteristics used to differentiate species from one another.
Prefixes are usually included to indicate the positions or locations of the individual scales:
Collectively these scales are referred to as circumorbital scales, circumorbitals, or a circumorbital ring.
Occasionally, the term ocular scale is used without a prefix, in which case it specifically refers to the brille, also known as the spectacle or eyecap. This is a transparent scale that covers and protects the eye. It is formed in embryonic snakes when the transparent upper and lower eyelids fuse. Once hatched, a snake does not possess eyelids and the brille carries out some of these functions.

</doc>
<doc id="7013883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013883" title="List of current members of the Rajya Sabha">
List of current members of the Rajya Sabha

The Parliament of India a bicameral legislature composed of the Rajya Sabha (Council of States) and the Lok Sabha (House of the People). Membership is limited to 250 members. 238 are elected by the State legislative assemblies, and 12 are nominated by the president of India for their contributions to art, literature, science, and social services. Members sit for overlapping six years terms, with one-third of the members retiring every two years.
Andhra Pradesh.
Keys:
Arunachal Pradesh.
Keys:
Assam.
Keys:
Bihar.
Keys:
Chhattisgarh.
Keys:
Delhi.
Keys:
Goa.
Keys:
Gujarat.
Keys:
Haryana.
Keys:
Himachal Pradesh.
Keys:
 
Jammu and Kashmir.
Keys:
Jharkhand.
Keys:
Karnataka.
Keys:
Kerala.
Keys:
Madhya Pradesh.
Keys:
Maharashtra.
Keys: 
Manipur.
Keys:
Meghalaya.
Keys:
Mizoram.
Keys:
Nagaland.
Keys:
Odisha.
Keys:
Puducherry.
Keys:
Punjab.
Keys:
Rajasthan.
Keys:
Sikkim.
Keys:
Tamil Nadu.
Keys:
Telangana.
Keys:
Tripura.
Keys:
Uttar Pradesh.
Keys:
Uttarakhand.
Keys:
West Bengal.
Keys:
Nominated.
Keys:
Party position.
Number of members of parliament by party-wise and their floor leaders "(As on 25 July 2025)":

</doc>
<doc id="7013884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013884" title="Inotropic state">
Inotropic state



</doc>
<doc id="7013886" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013886" title="Ahmed Baduri">
Ahmed Baduri

Ahmed Tahir Baduri (23 October 1946 – 30 January 2024) was an Eritrean politician and diplomat who was the Ambassador and Permanent Representative to the United Nations for Eritrea between 2001 and 2005, replacing Haile Menkerios. Baduri was replaced by Araya Desta. 
Biography.
Ahmed Tahir Baduri was born in Hargigo on 23 October 1946. After finishing elementary education in Hargigo, he travelled to Egypt where he completed secondary education. He joined Halab University in Syria and studied medicine, but quit his studies in 1969 and joined the Eritrean Liberation Front. He then joined the People's Liberation Forces, PLF, which split from the ELF in 1970 and was a founding member of the Eritrean People's Liberation Front. He was a member of the central committee of the Eritrean People's Liberation Front. After the liberation of Eritrea, he served in the government in different capacities and was the head of the investment office and the chamber of commerce. Baduri died on 30 January 2024, at the age of 77.

</doc>
<doc id="7013897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013897" title="Kishan Singh Sangwan">
Kishan Singh Sangwan

Kishan Singh Sangwan (15 June 1948 – 2 December 2012) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Sonepat constituency of Haryana and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party.

</doc>
<doc id="7013899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013899" title="San Cristovo de Cea">
San Cristovo de Cea

San Cristovo de Cea is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of O Carballiño.

</doc>
<doc id="7013904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013904" title="San Cibrao das Viñas">
San Cibrao das Viñas

San Cibrao das Viñas is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Ourense.
Population.
As of census 2023, San Cibrao das Viñas has a population of 5,692.

</doc>
<doc id="7013909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013909" title="San Cibrao das Vinas">
San Cibrao das Vinas



</doc>
<doc id="7013913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013913" title="Brilles">
Brilles



</doc>
<doc id="7013917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013917" title="Nong Phai district">
Nong Phai district

Nong Phai (, ) is a district ("amphoe") in the southern part of Phetchabun province, northern Thailand.
History.
The area was created as a minor district ("king amphoe") in 1961. It was upgraded to a full district in 1963.
Geography.
Neighboring district are (from the east clockwise) Nong Bua Daeng and Phakdi Chumphon of Chaiyaphum province, Bueng Sam Phan, Chon Daen and Mueang Phetchabun of Phetchabun Province.
The main water resource is the Pa Sak River.
Administration.
The district is divided into 13 sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 135 villages ("mubans"). There are six townships ("thesaban tambons") in the district: Ban Phot, Bo Thai, Bua Watthana, Chaliang Thong, Na Chaliang, and Nong Phai, each covering parts of the same-named "tambon". There are a further 13 tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="7013920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013920" title="Deepender Singh Hooda">
Deepender Singh Hooda

Deepender Singh Hooda (born 4 January 1978) is an Indian politician. He is a five-term Member of Parliament from the Indian National Congress. He was elected as the Member of the Lok Sabha from Rohtak in 2024. He was also a Member of Parliament, Rajya Sabha from Haryana. He is a special invitee to the Congress Working Committee.
Hooda was the youngest parliamentarian when he entered politics in 2005. He writes frequently on Indian economics and international affairs in the Indian Express and other prominent publications.
Political career.
Hooda has served three terms as Member of Parliament in Lok Sabha from Rohtak. He was elected to the Rajya Sabha in 2020. Earlier he was elected to the Lok Sabha from Rohtak for three terms. During the 16th Lok Sabha, he was the Whip of Indian National Congress in Parliament. He served on several other statutory and parliamentary bodies in various capacities as an elected board member of the Council of Indian Institutes of Technology; as a Member of Parliamentary Standing Committee on Energy; as chairman of Indo-UK forum of Parliamentarians. In past, he has been a member of Parliamentary Standing Committees of Finance, External Affairs, Agriculture and Human Resource Development.
He is the fourth generation of his family to be in public service. His father Bhupinder Singh Hooda served as the Chief Minister of Haryana for two terms while his grandfather, Ranbir Singh Hooda, was a freedom fighter, a member of the Constituent Assembly, a member of the 1st and 2nd Lok Sabha from Rohtak, and Minister in Punjab (when Haryana was part of Punjab) and a member of Rajya Sabha. His great grandfather Choudhary Matu Ram was a social reformer and a freedom fighter who worked closely with Mahatma Gandhi.
Corporate career.
He then took a break to finish his MBA at Kelley School of Business, Indiana University, where he majored in finance and strategy. After his MBA, he joined American Airlines, Sabre Holdings, Dallas, USA as a senior manager. 
Education.
Deepender Hooda holds a Bachelor of Technology and Master of Business Administration and a bachelor's degree in law. He did his engineering from the Technological Institute of Textile &amp; Sciences, Bhiwani. He did his MBA from Kelley School of Business at the Indiana University, Bloomington, where he majored in Finance and Strategy. At the Indiana University, he was awarded honorary Beta Gamma Sigma (top 1% of class) and was elected president of Asian Students Association at the University. During this period, he successfully led team of Asian students from the top 15 business schools in United States in holding "Asian Business Conference" at Harvard Business School.
He is an alumnus of Mayo College, Ajmer.
Personal life.
Deepender Hooda married Sweta Mirdha, granddaughter of Nathuram Mirdha who is a member of the Indian National Congress in Rajasthan. Her older sister, Jyoti Mirdha, is a former Congress MP from Nagaur in Rajasthan. Sweta and Deepender have a son Kesarvir.
Hooda was earlier married to Geeta Grewal, they divorced in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="7013921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013921" title="Jean-Michel Gaillard">
Jean-Michel Gaillard

Jean-Michel Gaillard (May 16, 1946, Pont-Sant-Esprit in Gard, France – July 19, 2005, Paris) was a high-ranking French official. He was, most notably, director general of Antenne 2 (now France 2), from 1989 to 1991.
He was a student of the École normale supérieure de Saint-Cloud, where he received a doctorate in history. As a politician he was a militant socialist, aligned with the likes of François Hollande and Ségolène Royal. He was father to two girls.
Before his death from cancer at the age of 59, he was counsel for the Academy of Television Arts. During the presidency of François Mitterrand, he worked as a senior advisor at the Élysée Palace. As a television script writer he co-wrote the television film "Leclerc, a Dream of Indochina" with Nicolas Sarkozy, which debuted on France 3 in 2003.
He wrote many works, including a biography of Jules Ferry, published in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="7013924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013924" title="Viana do Bolo">
Viana do Bolo

Viana do Bolo is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Viana.
The "Entrudio" (carnival) of Viana do Bolo is its most famous celebration. It features the character of the "boteiro", the "fulións" from all over the territory and the "comparsas", a traditional masquerade that travels through the small villages of the municipality performing humorous plays in verse and playing music.
In 2015 the ‘Mascarada Ibérica’ (‘Festival Internacional Mascarada Ibérica ViBoMask’ since 2020) has been held in Viana do Bolo and Vilariño de Conso. This festival, which acts as a prelude to the local "Entrudio" (carnival), is usually held in winter and has come to congregate in its last edition more than 45 winter masquerades from various parts of Spain, Portugal and even Italy, with about 700 participants, making it the largest concentration of masquerades in the entire Iberian Peninsula. The festival has been held in Viana do Bolo and Vilariño de Conso since 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="7013928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013928" title="Drone antisubmarine helicopter">
Drone antisubmarine helicopter



</doc>
<doc id="7013931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013931" title="Bradley Scott (cricketer)">
Bradley Scott (cricketer)

Bradley Esmond Scott (born 16 September 1979) is a New Zealand former first-class cricketer. He played over 200 top-level matches for Otago and Northern Districts between the 2000–01 and 2012–13 seasons.
Scott was born at Ashburton in Canterbury in 1979 and educated at King's High School in Dunedin. He played age-group and A team cricket for Otago and in the Hawke Cup for Dunedin Metropolitan before making his representative debut for Otago in the 2000–01 season. He made a total of 151 senior appearances for the side, playing in first-class, List A and Twenty20 competitions in two spells. He was part of a record Otago partnership for the ninth wicket in first-class matches. Scott and Warren McSkimming scored 208 runs against Auckland during the 2004–05 season, Scott scoring a career best 96 before being last out in Otago's first innings total of 348.
Primarily a left-arm fast-medium bowler, Scott was selected as part of the 30 man preliminary New Zealand squad for the Champions Trophy in 2006 alongside Otago team-mate Nathan McCullum. He was later selected in the squad for the World Twenty20 held in September 2007 but did not play a match for the national side. Ahead of the 2008–09 season he joined Northern Districts, making more than 70 appearances for the side before returning to play for Otago after the 2012–13 season. In a total of 66 first-class matches he took 182 wickets before retiring due to an injured back which required surgery in 2017.
Professionally Scott has worked as a maths and physical education teacher. He worked as King's High School in his first stint playing for Otago before moving to work in Hamilton whilst playing for Northern Districts. He returned to King's when he moved back to Otago in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="7013934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013934" title="Sunbus">
Sunbus

Sunbus was an Australian bus operator in the Australian state of Queensland. It operated in 5 regional areas across the state under contract to the Government of Queensland under the Translink banner. As of 2022 Sunbus has changed its name as part of a business re-brand by the parent company, Kinetic. Sunbus has now been dissolved into the Kinetic brand with its fleet of buses reflecting this change.
History.
In 1995, Harry Blundred, the proprietor of Thames Transit in the United Kingdom, was awarded the operating rights to route services in a number of regions in Queensland following the state government deciding to put the operation of these services out to tender. Sunbus were awarded the rights to operate services in the Cairns, Ipswich, Rockhampton, Sunshine Coast and Townsville regions. As part of the deal, Sunbus was also responsible for the operation of school bus services in the region, however these were sold in 1997 to fellow British bus operator Stagecoach.
In January 2000, the Ipswich business was sold to the Pulitano Group and in September 2003 Hagan's, Bus Service, Toowoomba was purchased and rebranded Garden City Sunbus and was based at 487 Greenwattle Street, Wilsonton. This was sold in April 2009 to the Pulitano Group.
In April 2008, Blundred sold the remaining Sunbus operations to Transit Australia Group.
In November 2008, Magnetic Island Bus Services was purchased and in April 2010 the Townsville operation was expanded with the acquisition of Hermit Park Bus Service.
In April 2019, Transit Australia Group was purchased by AATS Group, parent company of Skybus and majority owned by OPTrust. In August 2019, AATS Group was rebranded the Kinetic Group.
In late 2022, Sunbus was officially branded as KINETIC with all new advertising now showing the Kinetic Brand. All new buses will display the Kinetic logo with the current fleet of Sunbus slowly being updated to reflect the new brand name. The current website for Sunbus will stay active until early 2023 before it will be deactivated, directing customers to the new Kinetic website.
Operations.
Sunbus operated as:
Fleet.
As at July 2022, the fleet consisted of 275 buses. When Sunbus commenced it introduced a large number of Mercedes-Benz Vario midibuses. These were replaced by Bustech bodied Volvo B7RLEs, B12BLEs, Bustech MDis and XDis. Fleet livery was light blue.

</doc>
<doc id="7013935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013935" title="Parker (Veronica Mars character)">
Parker (Veronica Mars character)



</doc>
<doc id="7013936" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013936" title="Audenshaw Urban District">
Audenshaw Urban District



</doc>
<doc id="7013937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013937" title="Ezra Kenyoke Sambu">
Ezra Kenyoke Sambu



</doc>
<doc id="7013938" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013938" title="USS Charr (AGSS-328)">
USS Charr (AGSS-328)



</doc>
<doc id="7013948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013948" title="Safari Park Dvůr Králové">
Safari Park Dvůr Králové

Safari Park Dvůr Králové, known as Dvůr Králové Zoo until 2018, is a zoo located in Dvůr Králové nad Labem, Czech Republic. It is the second largest zoo in the country, showcasing a large open "safari" section. One of its most significant missions is to protect endangered and threatened wildlife species.
The zoo's specialization is African fauna, and has the largest group of African animals in Europe. The zoo is also one of the most important breeders of African ungulates in the world.
Their rarest animals are northern white rhinoceros, which are now on loan (Last Chance to Survive Program) to Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya. The zoo is the only one in the world where northern white rhinos have successfully given birth, with the last calf being born in 2000.
History of the zoo.
The zoo was established in 1946 on an area of 6.5 hectares to house a small collection of local fauna and was originally known as the East Bohemian Zoological Garden ().
After the first twenty years of its existence, the area had quadrupled and the animal collections had expanded. Nonetheless, before 1965 the institution's significance for environmental education and conservation was limited to the region.
From local to global importance.
In 1965, Josef Vágner took over as the zoo's director. The transformation of the zoo initiated by Vágner influenced animal husbandry standards and zoo culture throughout Czechoslovakia and the world.
An enthusiast of Africa, Vágner developed the previously unknown zoo into Europe's largest collection of African ungulates.
Ten expeditions to Africa.
Ten expeditions of Vágner resulted in more than 3,000 animals being imported to Czechoslovakia, mostly from the great plains of East Africa.
Despite logistical challenges and strenuous days of sea travel, the shipments of African animals had a high survival rate. While some of the imported animals travelled further to other zoos across Europe, most remained in Dvůr Králové, forming some of the largest breeding herds of antelopes, zebras, giraffes, buffalos and rhinos outside of Africa.
The rhinos eventually became the zoo's flagship species, and included the Northern White Rhinoceros, a subspecies of the White Rhino which, unlike the now abundant Southern White Rhinoceros, has been exterminated in the wild.
Among them, the most famous of the animals was Sudan, the last known male Northern White Rhinoceros in the world.
Safari.
Vágner's idea of exhibiting large herds of African ungulates at the zoo was based on the concept of panoramic enclosures, developed by Karl Hagenbeck in Hamburg.
A part of the zoo's area was landscaped panoramically, with dry moats and paths between individual grassed exhibits not visible to the spectator. Visitors thus have the illusion of animals of many different species inhabiting one common exhibit. The main part of Vágner's concept was the "Safari," a 30-hectare area with visitors driving in their cars among free-roaming animals.
This stage of the zoo's development was completed six years after Vágner retired in 1983. Specially adapted buses were introduced instead of private cars.
Membership.
Safari Park Dvůr Králové is a member of the Czech and Slovak Union of Zoological Gardens (UCSZ), founded in 1990, with 15 Czech and 4 Slovak member zoos. From 1995 to 2010, Safari Park Dvůr Králové was a member of the European Association of Zoos and Aquaria (EAZA). From 1997 to 2012, Safari Park Dvůr Králové was a member of the World Association of Zoos and Aquariums (WAZA).

</doc>
<doc id="7013949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013949" title="Avtar Singh Bhadana">
Avtar Singh Bhadana

Avtar Singh Bhadana (born 17 December 1957) is an Indian politician from Faridabad in Haryana. He is a former Minister in Haryana, former MP and former MLA of Uttar Pradesh representing the Meerapur Assembly constituency as a member of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He has formerly been a member of the Lok Sabha for 4 terms.
He has won from Faridabad Lok Sabha in the years 1991, 2004 and 2009 and Meerut Lok Sabha in 1999. He was defeated by Krishan Pal Gurjar in 2014 and 2019 consecutively.
Early life.
Avtar Singh Bhadana was born on 17 December 1957 in a Hindu Gujjar family in Anangpur village in Faridabad district of Haryana. His father was Nahar Singh and his mother was Bharti Devi. Kartar Singh Bhadana is his brother.
Politics.
When he was 34, he became the Member of Parliament for Faridabad. Bhadana started his political career at a very young age and also became a minister in the Haryana government while he was also an MLA and MP for six months in the Devi Lal government.
He is the longest serving Lok Sabha MP from Gurjar Caste. The Chief Minister of Delhi, Arvind Kejriwal, also apologized to him in Court for claiming that Bhadana was one of the most corrupt politicians in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="7013952" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013952" title="A Teixeira">
A Teixeira

A Teixeira is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Terra de Caldelas. In 2008, it had a population of 505.

</doc>
<doc id="7013956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013956" title="List of banks in Greece">
List of banks in Greece

Systemic Greek banks.
Greek banks with a significant presence domestically and overseas with large assets under management, listed in alphabetical order.
They typically make up a large part of the market capitalization of the overall stock market in Greece, making them top constituents of relevant indices like MSCI Greece index and the FTSE/Athex Large Cap.

</doc>
<doc id="7013957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013957" title="Billy Corkhill">
Billy Corkhill

Billy Corkhill is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera "Brookside", played by John McArdle. The character debuted on-screen during the episode broadcast on 27 August 1985. Billy was introduced as part of the show's new family, the Corkhills, consisting of Billy, his wife Doreen (Kate Fitzgerald) and their teenage children Rod (Jason Hope) and Tracy (Justine Kerrigan). Billy is characterised as the reluctant husband of Doreen, an aspiring woman who wants the Corkhills to own their own home. Her mission to present a good image for the family is marred by her secret spending which gets the family into debt. Writers explored their debt issues throughout Billy's early tenure. They portrayed him as desperate to provide, tampering with the electricity and committing fraud with the help of his brother Jimmy Corkhill (Dean Sullivan).
Writers portrayed Billy having a mental breakdown in which he drives his car over his neighbours' front gardens. McArdle has said it was his favourite storyline as Billy. Doreen's over spending and Billy's crime of armed robbery eventually end their marriage. Producers then paired the character with Sheila Grant (Sue Johnston) and they later marry. Doreen returned to the series but Billy decides to remain loyal to Sheila. Billy was well received by viewers, especially for his representation of unemployed men in British society during the 1980s. Television critics have praised on McArdle's portrayal of Billy. Allan Crow from "Fife Today" branded Billy a "legendary soap character" and Andrew Bullock from the "Daily Express" opined that McArdle was an "integral" cast member "in Brookside's heyday". The character also became subjected to controversy when the Independent Broadcasting Authority investigated "Brookside" after an episode depicted Billy holding durex condoms. The regulator later retracted their complaint and praised the show.
Casting.
McArdle was performing in a play which he thought was so awful he wanted to quit. The director convinced him to stay with the promise of helping secure further work. In the play, McArdle put on a Scouse accent and a "Brookside" producer witnessed his performance which resulted in an audition. The director was then hired by "Brookside" and they helped McArdle secure the role of Billy. Kate Fitzgerald was hired to play Billy's wife Doreen. Jason Hope and Justine Kerrigan were then cast as their children, Rod and Tracy respectively. In an interview about his casting, Hope recalled that he had to meet with McArdle and Fitzgerald to ensure they "could pass of as family members." Kerrigan branded McArdle a "brilliant actor and a lovely man" and praised the casting dynamic of the Corkhills. She added that McArdle "was another delight to work with [...] John would take you by surprise with the energy he put into everything, he kept you on your toes. He would start off in some scenes and I would have no idea where it would go, he was amazing at that."
Development.
Introduction and family.
Billy's profession is an electrician and the Corkhills move to Brookside Close from a council housing estate. Billy is characterised as a devoted husband who loves his wife Doreen enough to risk financial ruin by purchasing a home of their own. Despite being an electrician by trade, Billy works at a processed food factory. In the book "Brookside: The Official Companion", Billy is described as a "be-denimed Derek Hatton look-alike" who has lived most of his life on a council estate. In his backstory, Billy had been led astray by his "villainous" brothers but his marriage to Doreen proved a "stabilising influence". He is portrayed as the reluctant husband to "aspiring" wife Doreen. Writers pitted the Corkhills against their more socialist neighbours, the Grant family. Billy has to contend with Doreen's "shopaholic" tendencies, as she competes with the Collins family and presents a "good image" of the Corkhills, an image she portrays despite knowing Billy's family have a "shady" side.
Billy's plight resonated well with viewers, especially those facing hardship in 1980s Britain. McArdle started to receive letters from male viewers who believed that Billy's story was identical to their own experiences. McArdle's performance also blurred fiction and reality with some viewers. The actor received job offers from businessmen and a young viewer sent their £2 pocket money to the "Brookside" set to help Billy. So convincing was Billy's character that a gangster approached McArdle in a bar offering advice how to commit better robberies. McArdle felt that Billy's unemployment story was his "hardest" story. He told Richard Johnson from "TV Guide" that "I've been in trade unions, I've been on picket lines - for me that was the very hardest thing I had to do."
A controversial story for the Corkhills was created when Tracy begins a romance with her geography teacher Peter Montague (Mark Draper). After the pair return from a skiing trip, Billy goes to the school and punches Peter. Billy is arrested for assault and later given a three month prison sentence, suspended for a year. At the time, Lucy O'Brien from "The Guardian" described it as the "most dramatic analysis" of child abuse on television. She added that "pugnacious Billy" had to face the fact his "wayward daughter" was in love with her teacher; the story subsequently played out over a "tense month". From this producers developed an issue lead story for the Corkhills, as they deal with the problems that arise from debts. Billy is sacked from his job at Pollocks because his court case garnered negative publicity. The Corkhills mounting debts result in their utilities being cut off and their television is repossessed. Billy tries to help his family out of debt by tampering with the electricity supply. This causes problems with his son Rod, who is training to be a police officer. Writers continued to develop the story into 1987. Billy's brother, Jimmy Corkhill (Dean Sullivan) convinces him to allow him to stage a burglary at his home but Jimmy also steals from the Collins family to make it appear genuine. This upsets Doreen and she discovers the stolen property and the bank begin repossession proceedings. After all of Billy's crimes, McArdle told Johnson ("TV Guide") that "at one time I thought I couldn't live next door to Billy Corkhill." He added that the supermarket robbery would continue to be an issue for Billy, adding that the writers "can bring that up at any time."
Mental breakdown.
Writers created one of the show's "significant moments" when they created a large hole in the middle of Brookside Close. They hole was actually dug into one of the back garden sets as it was impractical to dig into the actual road. Camera trickery was used to make character interaction with the hole appear authentic. The significance of the hole in relation to Billy was that other characters drove over his front garden lawn to avoid the hole. Billy's unemployment cause him much stress and his neighbours' disregard for his home results in Billy having a breakdown. Billy retaliates by going on a rampage in his car, driving all over the other front gardens on Brookside Close.
McArdle told Graham Kibble-White, the author of "20 Years of Brookside", that his character reacted badly because he suspected Doreen of having an affair with her work boss at the dentists. Doreen had not had an affair with her boss but he could not believe she was willing to have sex with him in exchange for money. McArdle told Johnson that "Billy just felt like a total failure - that his wife had nearly turned to prostitution because of him being unemployed. He smacked her. She threw the key in the mud." Billy subsequently felt like his "whole word [and] his whole family were falling down." Kibble-White believed that the car scene perfectly demonstrated the desperation that Billy. He felt like a "non-person" whose neighbours disrespected him for being a "dole-ite". Ken Horn, who directed the episode added that it was a well-remembered "Brookside" moment and credited its success to McArdle and Fitzgerald's "terrific" acting. McArdle was allowed to perform the driving stunt himself. He added "it was a gift to get material like that and to be able to actually do it." After the scenes were broadcast, viewers sympathised with Billy's plight and told him that he had "exorcised" all of their feelings on-screen. Billy's breakdown was filmed in one take because McArdle wanted to capture the emotion. He added that the crew were sensitive and rehearsed without McArdle and Fitzgerald until the final take. McArdle added that too much rehearsal would have "diminished" the authenticity of the scene.
The debt story culminated in the break-down of Billy and Doreen's marriage. He becomes desperate for money and participates in an armed robbery at a supermarket. Billy drives the getaway vehicle but the supermarket manager is injured. Doreen decides to leave Billy, but keeps his involvement a secret from Rod. She leaves in November 1987 and in February 1988, Billy travels to Bristol to find Doreen. Doreen's departure from the series occurred because Fitzgerald was exhausted and unhappy with the role. Doreen and Billy "had been going through fairly painful emotions", which won Fitzgerald and McArdle weekly praise from television critics. Fitzgerald told Anthony Hayward from "TVTimes" that she and other actors disliked the Corkhill's backstory because "it was a nonsense in the first place". She explained that Billy and Doreen met at a young age and she put all of her energy into her family from then on. Fitzgerald believed it "out of character" for Doreen to put her family into debt, but she praised the writers who "worked hard" to "make it believable." In 1997, McArdle said that the breakdown was his "favourite storyline of all time", adding that "it was absolutely fantastic to do".
Marriage to Sheila Grant.
Billy is later paired romantically with Sheila Grant (Sue Johnston). Sheila moves into the Corkhill's house following the end of her marriage to Bobby Grant (Ricky Tomlinson). Billy develops a close friendship with Sheila and in episodes airing set on New Years Eve 1988, the pair share their first kiss. Writers developed the story into a serious relationship. In 1989 McArdle and Johnston were written out of "Brookside" for two months. Producers had allowed the actors the time off to appear in a theatre production. Writers reintroduced Doreen into the show in 1989 to create problems for Billy and Sheila. Fitzgerald had declined the producer's request for her return the previous year. She is reintroduced Doreen back into the Corkhill household, despite Sheila living in the home. Sheila orders Billy to get rid of Doreen, but he refuses. Sheila moves out instead and writers plotted Doreen attempting to resume her broken marriage. Fitzgerald added "I think you can assume it will be a good bit of drama."
Johnston welcomed the return of Doreen because it added drama for Billy and Sheila. She told Karen Swayne from "Chat" magazine that "everyone has been getting a bit nice in the Close. It's got a bit even keel and it needed conflict to give it an edge." Fitzgerald stated that she found the scripts "rather shocking" because of the dialogue the two females exchange. Johnston added that Doreen is "very uncompromising" in the way she speaks to Sheila. Doreen insults her age and accuses her of being desperate. Fitzgerald concluded that her return gave fans what they wanted. She revealed that people would approach her in public and tell her that she needed to get back with Billy because she was "breaking their hearts". In August, Doreen empties the house of Sheila's belongings and changes the locks. She then makes Billy's involvement in the supermarket robbery common knowledge causing Sheila to break-up with Billy. He later tells Doreen he does not love her and the she was written out the series once again.
Billy and Sheila's wedding took place in episodes aired in August 1990. Filming the scenes became a case of life imitating art. In the episode, Billy is late for the wedding because his car breaks down. McArdle's car actually broke down on his way to film the scenes. McArdle had to call the AA out to the motorway for help. McArdle told Andrea Kon from "TVTimes" that he was upset but "didn't have to think about" acting the scene out immediately after it happened for real. He added that he thought Johnston would be on set "tearing her hair out" over him.
On-screen, Billy and Rod abandon the car and run on foot to the Register Office. The wedding ceremony is nearly ruined because of Jimmy. McArdle explained that "Billy knew things would go wrong with Jimmy in charge. He doesn't trust his brother as far as he can throw him. But he's delighted he's got his girl to the altar at long last." The wedding also brought about the end to Sheila and Tracy's fraught relationship. Kerrigan told Kon that "Tracy doesn't actively dislike Sheila. She's tolerated her for her father's sake and she's pleased her dad has a chance to be happy." Off-screen production planned to cancel filming if it rained outside. The weather on that morning changed from "dull" and production went ahead. Set designers transformed the Bluecoats School board room into a make-shift Registry Office venue. 
Godden feud and departure.
Writers created two new feud stories for Billy. The first begins in November 1989 with Mr Trevor (Fred Bryant), after Billy rewires the electrics inside his wool shop. Mr Trevor is slow to pay Billy for the job resulting in Billy and Jimmy escalating a vendetta. Mr Trevor sends his sons Carl Trevor (Mark Moraghan) and Rob Trevor (Seamus O'Neil) to get revenge on the Corkhills. They drive a JCB digger onto Brookside Close, dig up Billy's front lawn and deposit it onto his garage roof.
The second and more significant feud revisits a long-standing rivalry between the Corkhill and Godden families. Billy and Jimmy's older brother Frankie Corkhill had been murdered by Joey Godden (Carl Chase) some years earlier. Jimmy attacks Joey inside The Swan pub, but Jimmy is later beaten and hospitalised. Godden begins to threaten the Corkhills and sends a wreath to their home reading "Billy and Sheila - R.I.P". Billy tries to reason with Godden but he vows to carry on. Billy tells Rod about his criminal past in order for him to admit the truth about the Godden feud. He asks Rod to unofficially involve himself in getting rid of Godden, but he opts to report the matter to a detective at work. Godden agrees to a truce on the condition the Corkhill's keep out of The Swan and The British Lion. Jimmy is angry about the truce and he gets their cousin Don Corkhill (Bernard Merrick) to join him for a drink in The British Lion. They are confronted by Godden and a bar fight break out, resulting in Don being murdered by Godden. Then Godden digs up Frankie's grave and removes the headstone. He then launches the headstone through the front door glass of Billy and Sheila's home. This escalation causes Barry to intervene to protect his mother, Sheila and he threatens Godden with a shotgun. Godden is scared of Barry and he agrees to leave the Corkhills alone.
McArdle and Johnston decided to leave "Brookside" in 1990. Off-screen the pair had planned a national theatre tour of their two-handed show titled "To". Johnston revealed that producers would not be killing off their characters so that they could return in the future. Billy and Sheila's departure story featured them moving to begin a new life in Basingstoke.
Reception.
A writer from the official "Brookside" website stated "a dominating presence on the Close for the second half of the ‘80s, Billy Corkhill ensured his legacy would last for at least another decade." Allan Crow from "Fife Today" branded Billy a "legendary soap character". Tim Hughes from the "Oxford Mail" said that McArdle is "best known" as the "long-suffering" Billy. Patrick McLennan from "What's on TV" opined that Billy is a "troubled" character. Matt Wolf from "The Sacramento Bee" stated that "Brookside's" characters, such as the Corkhills, represent the British working class and their problems. They added "a typical episode shows the Corkhills behind in their rent. Tracy's job is in the balance, Billy is unemployed and Doreen bets on horses to make ends meet." Gareth McLean from "The Guardian" opined that Billy and Doreen were an accurate portrayal of "the aspiring lower-middle-class" living in Liverpool. Catherine Jones from the "Liverpool Echo" said the Corkhill's were "blighted by financial difficulties" and that McArdle was best known as Billy. McArdle agreed with Jones' assessment and revealed that he even gets recognised as Billy in Australia. Liam Rudden writing for the "Edinburgh Evening News" echoed this stating that McArdle is "known and loved by millions as Billy Corkhill." A "Lancashire Telegraph" writer stated that McArdle "won millions of fans as Billy Corkhill".
Reminiscing of the importance of Billy, Andrew Bullock from the "Daily Express" wrote "in Brookside's heyday, John was an integral part of the cast, playing Billy Corkhill – who endured a mental breakdown as part of his story line." A writer for The Guide Liverpool said "played superbly by scouse actor, John McArdle, Billy narrowly escaped a prison stay, armed robbery, periods of depression and that mad episode where he drove over all the neighbours gardens shouting 'I'm just a doleite'." Daniel Kilkelly from Digital Spy opined that Billy driving over his neighbours' driveways is one "Brookside's most memorable scenes". The Corkhills' house was depicted as the most rundown household on Brookside Close. Author Geoff Tibbals quipped "the natural starting point for any tour of the Close is the Corkhills' house, which, in the days of Doreen and Billy, was the only residence a brick through the window qualified as a home improvement."
In 2003, Frances Traynor from the "Daily Record" branded Billy and Sheila's romance as one of the show's "most controversial plotlines". Traynor observed that "everyone knew they were destined to be together, but it still took Billy Corkhill and Sheila Grant months to realise it. Their first kiss on New Year's Eve was as romantic as anything Hollywood could come up with." Similarly, a writer from "The Observer" opined that "Brookside" captured viewers' imaginations, adding "who did not gulp in recognition and hope when Billy Corkhill and Sheila Grant exchanged a meaningful glance across the crowded close?" They also believed that the show's stories eventually became sensationalist plotlines. They favoured early dramatic stories such as Billy's armed robbery, which "seemed to make sense". "The Guardian's" John Mulholland branded Billy "the neighbour from hell". A reporter from "Inside Soap" wrote that "we just wanted to cheer when the pair finally got it together, because if anyone deserved happiness, it was Sheila." Jim Shelley ("The Guardian") opined that Billy and Sheila's departures caused the quality of "Brookside" to decline. Richard Johnson from "TV Guide" branded Billy a "daft melt", "the Scouse with the nous", Liverpool's "second coming" and concluded that "like fellow Liverpudlian Derek Hatton, Corkhill is not everyone's choice of Neighbour". "Inside Soap's" Jon Peake wrote that Billy is known for his fake burglaries, run-ins with gangsters and nearly making his wife a prostitute. He added that Billy was a hero to the struggling men living in Britain during the 1980s.
In 1998, writers from "Inside Soap" published an article about the top ten characters they wanted to return to soap. Billy was featured and they described him as Jimmy's "hot-tempered younger brother". The publication later ran a feature compiling "The 100 greatest soap stories ever told". They featured Billy and Sheila's romance as their 96th choice. They were also included in the magazine's "greatest love stories ever told" feature. A reporter wrote that "they were an unlikely couple. He was a rugged working-class hero, she was a saintly figure wracked with Catholic guilt. But when Billy took in Sheila after her husband Bobby left her, friendship grew into true love." Paul Brooks from "Soaplife]" included Billy and Sheila in his list of "dream lovers". He assessed that Billy was "a reformed scally, a man who'd fiddled more leccy meters than Ron Dixon has had angina attacks".
An episode featured Billy discovering a packet of Durex branded condoms, belonging to his daughter Tracy and her boyfriend Jamie Henderson (Sean McKee). The scene depicted Billy with the condom's branding visible for 1.83 seconds. This caused controversy in the United Kingdom and the Independent Broadcasting Authority (IBA) lodged a complaint against Brookside claiming it featured in the scene for too long. Channel 4 asked Phil Redmond for a response to submit to the IBA. In his response he detailed how "Brookside" wanted to promote safe sex and educate viewers during the 1980s AIDS in the United Kingdom. The IBA changed their stance on the scene and told Redmond that it was "absolutely marvellous".

</doc>
<doc id="7013959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013959" title="O Irixo">
O Irixo

O Irixo is a municipality in the northwest province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of O Carballiño.

</doc>
<doc id="7013961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013961" title="How the Grinch Stole Christmas the Musical">
How the Grinch Stole Christmas the Musical



</doc>
<doc id="7013964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013964" title="Ionic channel">
Ionic channel



</doc>
<doc id="7013966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013966" title="Thiruvananthapuram International airport">
Thiruvananthapuram International airport



</doc>
<doc id="7013967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013967" title="Gomesende">
Gomesende

Gomesende is a municipality in the province of Pontevedra, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Terra de Celanova.

</doc>
<doc id="7013968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013968" title="Vadim Zvjaginsev">
Vadim Zvjaginsev

Vadim Zvjaginsev (; born 18 August 1976 in Moscow) is a Russian chess player who received the FIDE title of Grandmaster (GM) in 1994. He played for the gold medal-winning Russian team in the 1997 World Team Chess Championship and in the 1998 Chess Olympiad.
He graduated from Moscow State University (Faculty of Economics) in 1996.
Career.
Zviagintsev started playing chess competitively at a young age at the Moscow Chess School of Olympic Reserve. Shortly after, he came into limelight by becoming one of the youngest Candidate Masters of Sport in USSR and then - one of the Youngerst Masters of Sport (National Masters)Zvjanginsev won the European under-16 championship in 1992. Two years later, he tied for first place in the Reykjavik Open with Hannes Stefánsson and Evgeny Pigusov.
In 1997, at the FIDE World Championship, which took place in Groningen, he single-handedly knocked out most of the U.S. contingent. In consecutive rounds, he defeated Joel Benjamin, Gregory Kaidanov and Yasser Seirawan, before losing to fellow Russian GM Alexey Dreev in round 4. In the same year, Zvjanginsev won the Vidmar Memorial in Portorož.
In 2000, he was first at Essen (ahead of Dreev and Klaus Bischoff) and triumphed there again in 2002 (this time ahead of Leko). At the Mainz Chess Classic in 2003, he finished joint second behind Levon Aronian, repeating his placing the following year. At the Russian Championships of 2005, he took 3rd place at the Kazan qualifier and finished joint 4th at the Superfinal. In 2006, he tied for 2nd at the Poikovsky Karpov Tournament, behind Alexei Shirov.
In 2002, Zvjanginsev took part in the Russia vs Rest of the World match, held in Moscow.
He won the Russian Cup knockout tournament in 2011 by beating Denis Khismatullin in the final. In the 2013 Chigorin Memorial in Saint Petersburg, Zvjanginsev tied for 1st–11th with Pavel Eljanov, Dmitry Kokarev, Maxim Matlakov, Alexander Areshchenko, Denis Khismatullin, Oleg Korneev, Dragan Šolak, Sanan Sjugirov, Ivan Bukavshin and Ildar Khairullin. In the 2016 Aeroflot Open, he tied 3rd-10th with Vladimir Fedoseev, Gata Kamsky, Daniil Dubov, Mateusz Bartel, Sanan Sjugirov, Maxim Matlakov, and Mikhail Kobalia.
In team competitions, he took team and individual silver medals at the 1997 European Team Chess Championship. At the 1994 Chess Olympiad, while still only an International Master, he helped the Russian second team obtain a team bronze medal. In the 1997 World Team Chess Championship Zvjanginsev won two gold medals, team and individual playing second reserve board. With the main Russian team, in 1998 and 2004, he contributed respectively to team gold and team silver medals at the Chess Olympiad.
Playing style.
Zvjaginsev has been described as a very aggressive, tactical player. Viktor Korchnoi in an interview described him as a very original player, with an unusual view on life, which is reflected in his chess. He has been known to unleash the occasional outlandish opening novelty in order to catch his opponent off guard and avoid established theory and home preparation. At a number of events, he even rolled out his own startling antidote to the Sicilian Defence, which renders the game a battle of wits from the very start. The revolutionary 1.e4 c5 2.Na3!? surprised the entire chess world around 2005, not least top grandmasters Alexander Khalifman and Ruslan Ponomariov (both former FIDE World Champions), whom Zvjaginsev defeated with his creation.
Notable games.
The following game demonstrates Zvjaginsev's opportunistic, tactical style. White probes black's defences on the kingside, the queenside and ultimately in the centre, forcing a series of weaknesses that spell disaster.
Zvjaginsev (2635) – Seirawan (2630) [D63] FIDE WCh KO Groningen NED (3.4), 16.12.1997 
1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 e6 3.Nc3 d5 4.Bg5 Nbd7 5.Nf3 h6 6.Bh4 Be7 7.e3 0-0 8.Rc1 a6 9.b3 b6 10.cxd5 exd5 11.Bd3 Bb7 12.Bf5 g6 13.Bh3 Re8 14.0-0 Nf8 15.Ne5 N6h7 16.Bxe7 Rxe7 17.g3 Qd6 18.Bg2 Rd8 19.Qc2 Ne6 20.Rfd1 Kg7 21.Qb2 f6 22.Nd3 Nhf8 23.b4 g5 24.Nc5 bxc5 25.bxc5 Qc6 26.e4 Red7 27.exd5 Rxd5 28.Nxd5 Rxd5 29.Rb1 Nd8 30.Qe2 Qd7 31.Rxb7 Nxb7 32.c6 Qxc6 33.Qe7+ Kg8 34.Qe4 1–0
In the following game, Zvjaginsev unleashes a stunning sacrificial attack:
Cifuentes-Parada – Zvjaginsev, Wijk aan Zee Open 1995 
1.d4 e6 2.Nf3 d5 3.c4 Nf6 4.Nc3 c6 5.e3 Nbd7 6.Qc2 b6 7.Be2 Bb7 8.0-0 Be7 9.Rd1 0-0 10.e4 dxe4 11.Nxe4 Qc7 12.Nc3 c5 13.d5 exd5 14.cxd5 a6 15.Nh4 g6 16.Bh6 Rfe8 17.Qd2 Bd6 18.g3 b5 19.Bf3 b4 20.Ne2 Ne4 21.Qc2 Ndf6 22.Ng2 Qd7 23.Ne3 Rad8 24.Bg2? (see diagram) 
24...Nxf2! 25.Kxf2 Rxe3! 26.Bxe3 Ng4+ 27.Kf3 Nxh2+ 28.Kf2 Ng4+ 29.Kf3 Qe6! 30.Bf4 Re8 31.Qc4 Qe3+!! 32.Bxe3 Rxe3+ 33.Kxg4 Bc8+ 34.Kg5 h6+ 35.Kxh6 Re5 0–1 
Here is another Zvjaginsev brilliancy, this time against super-grandmaster Vladimir Malakhov:
Malakhov (2700) – Zvjaginsev (2654), 5th Karpov Tournament, Poikovsky 2004 
1.Nf3 Nf6 2.c4 g6 3.Nc3 Bg7 4.e4 d6 5.Be2 0-0 6.0-0 e5 7.d4 Nc6 8.d5 Ne7 9.Nd2 a5 10.a3 Bd7 11.b3 c6 12.Bb2 Qb6 13.dxc6 bxc6 14.Na4 Qc7 15.c5 d5 16.Nb6 Rad8 17.Bc3 Nxe4 18.Nxe4 dxe4 19.Bxa5 Nf5 20.Nc4 Qb8 21.Bxd8 Rxd8 22.b4 Be6 23.Qe1 Nd4 24.Na5 Qc8 25.Rd1 Bh6 26.Kh1 Bf4 27.a4 Bd5 28.Bc4 Nf3! 29.Qe2 Nxh2 30.Bxd5 cxd5 31.f3 Nxf1 32.Rxf1 e3 33.c6 d4 34.Rd1 Bg3 35.f4 e4 36.Nb3 d3 37.Qxe3 Qg4 38.Rb1 Qh4+ 39.Kg1 Qh2+ 40.Kf1 Qh1+ 41.Qg1 (see diagram) 41...e3!! 42.Qxh1 e2+ 43.Kg1 d2 0–1

</doc>
<doc id="7013969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013969" title="Sinoatrial">
Sinoatrial



</doc>
<doc id="7013972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013972" title="Chon Daen district">
Chon Daen district

Chon Daen (, ) is a district ("amphoe") in the western part of Phetchabun province, northern Thailand.
History.
Chon Daen minor district ("king amphoe") was created in 1917. It was upgraded to a full district in 1956.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Wang Pong, Mueang Phetchabun, Nong Phai and Bueng Sam Phan of Phetchabun Province, Nong Bua of Nakhon Sawan province, and Dong Charoen and Tap Khlo of Phichit province.
Administration.
The district is divided into nine sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 125 villages ("mubans"). There are three townships ("thesaban tambons"): Chon Daen covers parts of "tambon" Chon Daen, Dong Khui parts of "tambons" Dong Khui and Takut Rai, and Tha Kham covers parts of "tambon" Tha Kham. There are nine tambon administrative organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="7013977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013977" title="Vilamartín de Valdeorras">
Vilamartín de Valdeorras

Vilamartín de Valdeorras is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Valdeorras.

</doc>
<doc id="7013979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013979" title="Danio sp &quot;KP01&quot;">
Danio sp &quot;KP01&quot;



</doc>
<doc id="7013982" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013982" title="Vilamartin de Valdeorras">
Vilamartin de Valdeorras



</doc>
<doc id="7013986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013986" title="Pawel Nastula">
Pawel Nastula



</doc>
<doc id="7013988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013988" title="Rao Inderjit Singh">
Rao Inderjit Singh

Rao Inderjit Singh (born 11 February 1951) is an Indian politician who is serving as the 17th minister of Planning, Statistics and Programme Implementation and minister of state in the ministry of Culture since 2024. He is also a member of the Lok Sabha . He represents the Gurgaon constituency in Haryana and is a member of Bharatiya Janata Party.
Early life.
Rao was born in Rewari (Ahirwal) and is the son of Rao Birendra Singh, who served as a second Chief Minister of Haryana. Rao studied at the Lawrence School, Sanawar and the Faculty of Law, University of Delhi where he took a law degree. He is the great-great grandson of Rao Tula Ram, a freedom fighter of India's first war of independence in 1857.
Political career.
Haryana Legislative Assembly.
Rao was an MLA in the Haryana assembly for four terms, beginning in 1977. From 1982 to 1987 he was a provincial Minister of State responsible for Food and civil supplies.
He was elected to the Lok Sabha as a Member of Parliament in 1998, serving in the parliaments of 1998 - 1999, 2004 –2009, 2014 - 2019, 2019 - 2024, 2024 - 2029. From 1991 to 1996 he served as Cabinet Minister for the Environment, Forest, Medical and Technical Education, then as Minister of State for External Affairs (2004–2006) and as Minister of State for Defense Production from 2006 to 2009. He was the chairman of Parliamentary Information technology committee since 2009.
Union minister in Modi governments.
Singh was a Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Statistics and Programme Implementation and Planning in the first Modi government. Singh became the Minister of State for Chemicals and Fertilisers, Minister of State for Corporate Affairs. Singh became the Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Statistics and Programme Implementation and Planning in May 2019.
Shooting career.
Rao Inderjit Singh was a member of the Indian shooting Team from 1990 to 2003 and won a Bronze Medal at the Commonwealth Shooting Championship. He was also a National Champion in Skeet for three consecutive years and won three gold medals in the SAF Games.
Controversies.
Against Bhupinder Singh Hooda.
Rao Inderjit Singh, who hails from South Haryana, alleged that the Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda was developing his own constituency Rohtak at the cost of other parts of the state. 
He presented the data procured through RTI to support his allegation: Out of a total of 5,135 announcements of schemes in Haryana, 2,045 were for the three districts of Rohtak, Jhajjar and Sonepat that comprise areas of Hooda's own constituency and that of his son Deepender Singh Hooda. Of the 3,356 completed schemes, 1,560 were from these three districts. On 23 September 2013, he resigned from Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="7013990" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013990" title="Vilar de Barrio">
Vilar de Barrio

Vilar de Barrio is a municipality in the centre of the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of A Limia.

</doc>
<doc id="7013991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013991" title="Tatetopusu">
Tatetopusu



</doc>
<doc id="7013993" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013993" title="Mulligan (surname)">
Mulligan (surname)

Mulligan is a surname originating from Ireland, coming from the Irish literally meaning . 
People.
People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="7013995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013995" title="Clumsy (Our Lady Peace song)">
Clumsy (Our Lady Peace song)

"Clumsy" is a song by Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace. It was released in 1997 as the second single from their second album, "Clumsy". It is one of the band's most successful singles, reaching number one in Canada for three weeks. It was also one of their highest charting singles in the United States, reaching number five on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart and staying in the top ten for 15 weeks. The song ranked number one on CILQ-FM's Top 107 songs of 1997.
"Clumsy" has become a staple in Our Lady Peace's live setlist. A live version of the song is featured on their first live compilation "Live" released in 2003. The song was included on the soundtrack to the 1997 movie "I Know What You Did Last Summer".
Track listings.
Canadian CD single and European CD1 
European CD2 
Australian CD single 

</doc>
<doc id="7013997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013997" title="Calvos de Randín">
Calvos de Randín

Calvos de Randín is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia in northwestern Spain. It is located in one of the southernmost points of Galicia, bordering Portugal to the south.
It consists of the parishes of Calvos (Santiago); Castelaus (San Martiño), Feás (San Miguel), Golpellás (San Xoán), Lobás (San Vicente), Randín (San Xoán), Rioseco (Santa Mariña) Rubiás dos Mixtos and Vila (Santa María).

</doc>
<doc id="7013999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7013999" title="Union of Czech and Slovak Zoological Gardens">
Union of Czech and Slovak Zoological Gardens

The Union of Czech and Slovak Zoological Gardens () is an organization for the community of zoos in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. It was founded in 1990 and comprises 19 member zoos.
Members.
The organization comprises 15 member zoos in the Czech Republic and 4 in Slovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="7014000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014000" title="Villa Comunale">
Villa Comunale

The Villa Comunale is a park in Naples, Southern Italy. It was built in the 1780s by King Ferdinand IV (later known as Ferdinand I of the Two Sicilies) on land reclaimed along the coast between the main body of the city and the small port of Mergellina. The park was originally a "Royal Garden", reserved for members of the royal family, but open to the public on special holidays such as the Festival of Piedigrotta. The park was opened to the general public on a permanent basis in 1869 after the unification of Italy.
The park houses the Anton Dohrn aquarium, a renowned scientific institution built in the 1870s. The seaside road, via Caracciolo, which now lies between the aquarium and the sea, is another more recent reclamation project added to the city in 1900 to provide another connecting road between the city and the suburbs to the west.
The Villa Comunale Park stretches over through an area of land between Pizzofalcone and Posillipo Hills and follows the curve of the bay from Piazza Vittoria to Piazza della Repubblica.

</doc>
<doc id="7014001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014001" title="Calvos de Randin">
Calvos de Randin



</doc>
<doc id="7014008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014008" title="Rairiz de Veiga">
Rairiz de Veiga

Rairiz de Veiga is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of A Limia.
First same-sex marriage in the Iberian Peninsula.
A same-sex marriage between two men, Pedro Dias and Muño Vandilas, occurred on 16 April 1061 in Rairiz de Veiga. They were married by a priest at a small chapel. The historic documents about the church wedding were found at Monastery of San Salvador de Celanova.

</doc>
<doc id="7014009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014009" title="Co-transporters">
Co-transporters



</doc>
<doc id="7014010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014010" title="Karachi University Business School">
Karachi University Business School

The Karachi University Business School (KUBS) (Urdu: کراچی یونیورسٹی بزنس اسکول) operates under the Faculty of Management &amp; Administrative Sciences at the University of Karachi. The school was established between 1999-2000 and was subsequently granted autonomy. Mohammad Uzair was the first Dean and Project Director of KUBS.
The 2 year MBA (Banking and Finance) program is administered in collaboration with the Institute of Bankers Pakistan (IBP), whose admissions are made public separately.

</doc>
<doc id="7014012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014012" title="Rick O'Shea">
Rick O'Shea

Paul Crossan (born 7 May 1973) is an Irish radio personality, known as Rick O'Shea. He was born in Drimnagh, Dublin, grew up in Crumlin, and attended Drimnagh Castle Secondary School and University College Dublin. He has been a presenter on RTÉ 2fm since 2001. O'Shea also presented "The Poetry Programme" on RTÉ Radio 1 in 2015 and 2016. Since 2017, he has been presenting the morning show on RTÉ Gold. He has presented "The Book Show" on RTÉ Radio 1 since 2019.
Activities.
Before joining RTÉ 2fm in 2001, he had worked for East Coast Radio, Atlantic 252, South East Radio and FM104. Rick had previously been involved with hospital radio. O'Shea presented the weekday afternoon show on 2fm until 2015, when the show was moved to the weekend schedule.
He presented "The Poetry Programme" on RTÉ Radio 1 in 2015 and 2016.
O'Shea was diagnosed with epilepsy at the age of 16. and has been a patron of Epilepsy Ireland, formerly known as Brainwave, the Irish Epilepsy Association, since 2006. He represented the charity in an Irish celebrity version of the quiz show "Mastermind" in 2012, winning the competition.
He runs the Rick O’Shea Book Club, Ireland's largest book club, with over 28,000 members, and recommends the Eason Must Reads lists four times a year with author Sinéad Moriarty. He is currently presenting "The Book Show" on RTÉ Radio 1.
Awards and nominations.
O'Shea has been nominated for Best Irish Radio DJ at the Meteor Music Awards on three occasions, in 2002, 2008 and 2009. In 2009, he was winner of Entertainment.ie's "Sexiest Radio Voice" award.

</doc>
<doc id="7014013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014013" title="Danio sp Hikari">
Danio sp Hikari



</doc>
<doc id="7014017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014017" title="Xunqueira de Ambía">
Xunqueira de Ambía

Xunqueira de Ambía is a municipality in the centre of the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Allariz – Maceda.

</doc>
<doc id="7014018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014018" title="Nikolay Karazin">
Nikolay Karazin

Nikolay Nikolaevich Karazin (; born 1842, Kharkov, Russian Empire (today Ukraine) — died 1908, Gatchina, Russian Empire) was a Russian military officer, painter and writer. He is mostly known for his paintings depicting wars and exotic places.
Biography.
Nikolay Karazin was born to a family of enlightenment scientists. His grand father Vasily Karazin was a Serbian-born Russian enlightenment intellectual, inventor, and the founder of Kharkiv University. His father "Nikolay Vasilivech Karazin" was an inventor trying to market a "liquid smoke" for the "instant smoking" of meats.
Nikolay Karazin graduated from the Moscow cadet school in 1862. In 1865–1867 he studied at the Imperial Academy of Arts in Saint Petersburg.
As a military officer he participated in the campaign against the January Uprising in Poland (1864), and the military campaigns in Turkestan (1864–1870). In 1871 he retired from the military service but as a military correspondent and illustrator he took part in the Russo-Turkish War, 1877–1878 with Serbian and Russian armies. For his military service he was awarded the Order of St. Vladimir and a gold sword. From 1874-1879 he worked on a scientific expedition exploring the Central Asia. In 1885-1886 Karazin travelled to India together with Ivan Minaev. He also travelled to Egypt, Italy, Switzerland and many other exotic places.
After his retirement from military service, Karazin wrote many adventure and ethnographic stories and novels: 
The most popular was his children's book, "Cranes Flying South", telling the story of a crane migrating from the Ostashkov swamps to the Upper Nile. The book combined an interesting story, geographic descriptions of the places the crane flew and illustrations by the author.
Later Karazin became known mostly as a painter and illustrator. He painted many large canvases devoted to battles and especially military actions in Turkestan. He was a prolific book illustrator and one of the most notable authors of the postcards. In 1902 he participated in the first (rejected by the government) project of the Moscow Metro and produced many paintings showing his vision of the project. In 1904 Karazin became an academician of the Imperial Academy of Arts.
He died in 1908 in Gatchina.

</doc>
<doc id="7014022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014022" title="Xunquiera de Ambia">
Xunquiera de Ambia



</doc>
<doc id="7014029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014029" title="Danio sp &quot;Hikari&quot;">
Danio sp &quot;Hikari&quot;



</doc>
<doc id="7014037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014037" title="Vitas Bumac">
Vitas Bumac



</doc>
<doc id="7014038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014038" title="Barium follow-through">
Barium follow-through



</doc>
<doc id="7014041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014041" title="× Cyathidaria">
× Cyathidaria



</doc>
<doc id="7014057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014057" title="Extracellular potential">
Extracellular potential



</doc>
<doc id="7014060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014060" title="San Xoán de Río">
San Xoán de Río

San Xoán de Río is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Terra de Trives. It is named after Saint John (Galician: "San Xoán"), the local patron. The village of Domecelle is located within the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="7014066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014066" title="Devario apogon">
Devario apogon

Devario apogon is a fish from the Yunnan province of China which is not dissimilar to "Devario shanensis". The fish appears to grow to a maximum of 5–6 cm and is found in the Irrawaddy drainage in Yunnan, China.

</doc>
<doc id="7014069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014069" title="San Xoan de Rio">
San Xoan de Rio



</doc>
<doc id="7014071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014071" title="Barium follow through">
Barium follow through



</doc>
<doc id="7014072" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014072" title="Isopogon formosus">
Isopogon formosus

Isopogon formosus, commonly known as rose coneflower, is a species of flowering plant in the family Proteaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is a shrub with divided leaves with cylindrical segments, and spherical to oval heads of pink or red flowers.
Description.
"Isopogon formosus" is an erect or spreading shrub that typically grows to a height of with pale to reddish brown young branchlets. The leaves are up to long on a petiole up to long, and divided with grooved cylindrical segments that have a sharply-pointed tip. The flowers are arranged on the ends of branchlets or in upper leaf axils, in sessile, spherical to oval heads about in diameter with egg-shaped to lance-shaped involucral bracts at the base. The flowers are red or mauve-pink and more or less glabrous, and the fruit is a hairy nut fused with others in a spherical or oval head up to long in diameter.
Taxonomy.
"Isopogon formosus" was first formally described in 1810 by Robert Brown and the description was published in Transactions of the Linnean Society. The specific epithet ("formosus") is a Latin word meaning "beautifully-formed" or "handsome".
In 1995, Donald Bruce Foreman described two subspecies of "I. formosus" in the "Flora of Australia", and the names are accepted by the Australian Plant Census:
Subspecies "dasylepis" was originally described in 1856 by Carl Meissner as "I. formosus" var. "dasylepis" in de Candolle's "Prodromus Systematis Naturalis Regni Vegetabilis".
In a 2017 paper in the journal "Nuytsia", Rye and Hislop reduced "I. heterophyllus" to a synonym of "I. formosus" subsp. "formosus", but the change has not been accepted by the Australian Plant Census as at November 2020.
Distribution and habitat.
Rose coneflower grows in a range of soils in swampy places, rocky outcrops and on sandplains mainly between Bunbury and Esperance in the Esperance Plains and Jarrah Forest biogeographic regions. Subspecies "dasylepis" occurs between Busselton, Noggerup and the Scott River and subsp. "formosus" in near-coastal areas between Walpole and Hopetoun and from Dalyup to Cape Arid National Park.
Conservation status.
Subspecies "formosus" is classified as "not threatened" but subsp. "dasylepis" is classified as "Priority Three" by the Government of Western Australia Department of Parks and Wildlife meaning that it is poorly known and known from only a few locations but is not under imminent threat.
Use in horticulture.
"Isopogon formosus" requires excellent drainage and full sun. It will not tolerate long periods of dryness or heavy frost.

</doc>
<doc id="7014075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014075" title="USS Medregal (AGSS-480)">
USS Medregal (AGSS-480)



</doc>
<doc id="7014077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014077" title="MP 89">
MP 89

The MP 89 (; ) is a rubber tired variant of electric multiple units used on the Paris Métro. Designed by Roger Tallon, two types were built by Alstom for service on Lines 4 and 14, and has begun service on Line 6. The trains on Line 1 were moved to Line 4 between 2011 and 2013 to replace the older MP 59s, though only 48 trains are used for revenue service. The remaining four trains are stored either at Montrouge or Saint Ouen as operational spares.
Description.
The MP 89 contains many features that are equipped in both subclasses. These innovative features made the MP 89 the first of its kind on the Metro and allowed the RATP to continue to equip its lines with the modernized stock.
Among many features, the MP 89 is the first class of rolling stock to include the automatic opening and closing of doors. Instead of a passenger having to pull a lever or push a button to open the door in order to enter or exit the train, all of the doors on the platform side open and close automatically. This is due to the fact that the lines using this material are predominantly underground. This feature was carried on by the MF 2000 and MP 05 rolling stock.
The MP 89 is also equipped with an audio and visual automatic system (AVSA Annonces Visuelles et Sonores Automatiques) which automatically detects the positioning of the station platform (whether the platform is on the left, or on the right side of the train). This detection allows the automatic opening of the train doors on the appropriate side of the platform. The system also allows for the operation of automated station announcements. Instead of the conductor having to utilize the intercom to announce station names, the automated system does this automatically. On curved stations, this system is especially vital due to the gap between the train and the curved platform. Automated messages announce the presence of the curves.
For example; if an MP 89 CC train approaches the curved station of Barbès – Rochechouart on Line 4, there will be an automated announcement of the station name "Barbès – Rochechouart" just prior to the train entering the station. As the train approaches the platform and begins to slow down, a second station name announcement "Barbès – Rochechouart" is made. In the case that a platform is curved, a third announcement is made in French, English, and a third language (usually Spanish, German, or Italian) that alerts passengers to "Please mind the gap between the train and platform". The MP 89 CA does not utilize "mind the gap" announcements at the present time because none of the platforms on Line 14 are curved.
Another new feature of the MP 89 is the interconnecting gangways in between cars, which was previously achieved with the prototype and later the MF 88. This is described further in the next section, because the type of gangway equipped differs between the CC (SIG-Hübner) and CA (Paulstra) versions. The gangways were subsequently improved and equipped the later MF 2000 and MP 05 stock trains. "(from )".
Manually driven (CC) stock (Line 4 and 6).
The MP 89 CC is manually controlled by the driver and originally circulated on Line 1 from their inception in 1997 until February 2013, replacing the aging MP 59 during the course of 1997 and 2000. The first train (#01) was delivered to the RATP in 1995 and was originally without articulation. Interconnecting gangways would not be installed until the train went into passenger service in 1997. 52 6-car trains were ordered for Line 1.
From 2006 to 2007, an experimental program ran on selected train-sets on an LCD passenger information system (Dilidam). This system would later be adopted by the new MP 05 automated rolling stock that now operate on Line 1 "(from )".
Besides the provision of a driver's cab on the CC version of the MP 89, another key difference between the CC and CA stock is the interconnecting gangways between trains. Most of the CC stock are equipped with reinforced gangways, which consists of solid interior panels. This was designed mainly due to fears that the curved platforms on Line 1 (such as Bastille), as well as storage of the trains within the tunnels, could cause significant damage to rubber gangways. However, some trains (#s 02, 08, 09, 13, 18, 51, and 52) have been fitted with rubber gangways since 2000, and six trains (#s 43, 45, 46, 48, 49, and 50) contain prototype gangways that were later implemented in the MF 01 stock "(from )". In 2012, train #12 was retrofitted with the MF 01 type gangways upon transfer of the train to Line 4, and in March 2014 train #01 was retrofitted.
Because Line 4 is a much curvier line compared to Line 1, there were also concerns that the interconnecting gangways would become damaged from excessive wear and tear caused by the curvature of the tracks and stations. It was originally planned that all of the MP 89 CC trains would be re-fitted with the same rubber gangways as the MP 05. However, after modifying the Line 4 tracks to better suit the MP 89, the plan was cancelled.
Transfer of (CC) stock to Line 4.
Beginning in April 2011, and lasting through March 2013, the MP 89 trainsets on Line 1 were gradually transferred over to Line 4. This cascading process was initiated by the full automation of Line 1, which brought on board a new class of fully automated rolling stock, the MP 05. This in-turn, allowed the aging MP 59 trainsets on Line 4 to be retired.
In April 2011 the MP 89 CC #01 was moved to Line 4, as work to fully automate Line 1 was nearing completion. The transfer of these trains to Line 4 allowed RATP to retire the MP 59 stock, which were reaching the ends of their useful lives. After various internal components (such as the automated station announcements) were updated to accommodate service on Line 4, train #01 went into service on 23 May 2011. Until September 2011 train #01 was the only MP 89CC train to operate on Line 4. On 10 September 2011 train #44 went into service, marking the second train to be transferred. As the new MP 05 rolling stock began to debut on Line 1 during November 2011, more MP 89 stock was put into service, allowing the RATP to transfer two to three trains per month.
By 21 December 2012 Line 1 had reached 100% automation, though three MP 89 trains, #s 02, 46, and 50, continued to operate as supplemental trains during rush hour. As of 21 February 2013 the MP 89 are no longer used on Line 1 and the MP 05 trains are now fully controlled by the central command centre and train spacing (SAET) instead of the signaling system that guided the MP 89 trains.
As of June 2013 all 52 trains have been transferred over to Line 4. However, only 48 trains are used for revenue service (just as the MP 59s were). The remaining four trains are stored at either the garage behind the Mairie de Montrouge station, or at the Saint Ouen workshop as operational spares.
Formations.
MP89 CC.
 used trains in a 6-car formation (4M2T).
As of 13 January 2024, all six-car sets were left in Saint-Ouen Depot.
These trains stopped providing service on line 4 on 15 December 2023, and officially left the line 4 in June 2024.
 use trains in a 5-car formation (3M2T).
As of 1 July 2024, 18 five-car sets are allocated to Place d’Italie depot for use on Line 6.
The last set, which is six cars long, is unassigned.
MP89 CA.
 use driverless trains in a 6-car formation (4M2T).
As of 4 May 2023, 21 six-car sets are allocated to Saint-Ouen Depot for use on Line 4.
 used driverless trains in a 6-car formation (4M2T).
24 March 2023 marked the last day of the MP89 CA on line 14, which lost its original rolling stock.
Transfer of (CA) stock to Line 4.
New trains of the MP 14 series will replace the current fleet of Line 14, because of the extensions of the Grand Paris Express project. The current fleet of 21 MP 89 CA and 11 MP 05 trains will transfer to the newly-automated Line 4, where it will be joined by 20 MP 14 trains to meet the current peak vehicle requirements. The MP 89 CA trains entered service on Line 4 in September 2022 along with the MP 05 and MP 14 trains.
Transfer of (CC) stock to Line 6.
The 52 MP 89 CC trains that currently serve Line 4 would then be shortened from six to five cars, and transfer to Line 6 to replace the MP 73 trains. Line 6 currently has 47 MP 73 trains, meaning that Île-de-France Mobilités would be able to immediately start refurbishment on five MP 89 CC trains when they are released from service.
For the transfer from the line to the , there are several modifications to be made, such as:
For the transfer only the technical modifications will be carried out. The aesthetic modifications and the modifications will be later. The RATP changing the 52 trainsets into 5 cars it will be able to carry out the renovation of 2 or 3 trains at a time without degrading the operation of the M6, reserves included.
The MP 89 CC trains entered service on Line 6 in January 2023.

</doc>
<doc id="7014081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014081" title="USS Bluegill (AGSS-242)">
USS Bluegill (AGSS-242)



</doc>
<doc id="7014082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014082" title="Software freedom day">
Software freedom day



</doc>
<doc id="7014084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014084" title="Kuldeep Bishnoi">
Kuldeep Bishnoi

Kuldeep Bishnoi (born 22 September 1968) is an Indian politician and a member of Bharatiya Janata Party. He served as fourth-time member of Haryana Legislative Assembly from Adampur in the Hisar (city) of Haryana. He was also a member of Congress Central Working Committee (CWC). Earlier in 2007, Bishnoi had founded a new party, Haryana Janhit Congress, a breakaway faction of Indian National Congress.
Personal life.
Born to Smt. Jasma Devi and Ch. Bhajan Lal - Union Cabinet Minister (Agriculture; Environment &amp; Forests) and three-time Chief Minister of Haryana - he graduated with a BA in Public Administration from Punjab University in Chandigarh.
He is married to Renuka Bishnoi, who was a Member of Legislative Assembly from Hansi (Hisar district) in Haryana. He has three children - two sons and a daughter. His elder son, Bhavya Bishnoi, is an aspiring political leader, and younger son, Chaitanya Bishnoi, is a professional cricketer with Chennai Super Kings in the IPL and Haryana in the Ranji Trophy. His daughter, Sia Bishnoi, is pursuing studies in New York, USA.
Political career.
Kuldeep Bishnoi first became MLA in 1998 from Adampur, a seat from which the family has never lost since 1968 till now. In 2004, he defeated the sons of Om Prakash Chautala (serving Chief Minister of Haryana at the time) and Bansi Lal (former Chief Minister of Haryana) - from Bhiwani in the Lok Sabha elections.
Kuldeep Bishnoi founded Haryana Janhit Congress - jatin (HJC (BL)) in 2007 along with his father Ch. Bhajan Lal. He founded the party after he was ousted from the Indian National Congress as he had criticised the then Haryana Chief Minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda, for harming the interests of farmers by promoting special economic zones (SEZs) on fertile land.
In October 2009, the party fielded candidates in 89 of the 90 constituencies for the state assembly elections and won seven of those seats, he himself winning from Adampur as an MLA and his father becoming MP from Hisar Lok Sabha constituency.
Six of the seven elected representatives defected and transferred their support to Indian National Congress in lieu of ministerial portfolios. He filed a case against the defectors in the court of law and won. The Punjab and Haryana High Court disqualified them as members of the Haryana Legislative Assembly. 
In March 2010, he and his party workers were lathi charged by the Chandigarh Police for peacefully protesting against rising inflation and unemployment, and unfair government policies for the farmers.
In 2011, following the death of his father, HJC and BJP formed an alliance. The alliance was announced at a joint press conference addressed by BJP president Nitin Gadkari, party leader Sushma Swaraj, former Minister Prof. Ganeshi Lal, HJC co-founder Kuldeep Bishnoi. He won the Lok Sabha by-election, defeating Ajay Singh Chautala of the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) and Jai Prakash of the governing Indian National Congress, among others. Prakash and 38 other candidates forfeited their deposits. The elections gained attention due to their simultaneous occurrence with the Indian anti-corruption movement of 2011. In 2014, prior to the assembly elections, HJC-BJP alliance was broken off, the HJC claiming that BJP had failed to keep the alliance conditions.
In 2016, after his meeting with the Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi, Kuldeep Bishnoi merged HJC (BL) with the Indian National Congress. He is presently a Special Invitee to the Congress Working Committee (CWC) and was a campaigner for the Rajasthan Assembly elections in 2018.
In 2019 assembly election he was elected from Adampur constituency defeating rival candidate by nearly a margin of 29782 votes.
On 4 August 2022 he joined Bharatiya Janata party in party headquarters.
Controversy.
In June 2022, Bishnoi was blamed for the loss of Congress Rajya Sabha nominee Ajay Maken in Haryana, when he allegedly cross-voted in favour of JJP-backed and BJP-supported Independent candidate, Kartikeya. He was removed from all party posts from Congress. On 3 August 2022, he resigned from the Legislative Assembly and joined the Bharatiya Janata Party.

</doc>
<doc id="7014088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014088" title="Doreen Corkhill">
Doreen Corkhill

Doreen Corkhill is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera "Brookside", played by Kate Fitzgerald. The character debuted on-screen during the episode broadcast on 27 August 1985. Doreen was introduced as part of the new Corkhill family consisting of herself, husband Billy (John McArdle) and their two children Tracy (Justine Kerrigan) and Rod (Jason Hope). Doreen was portrayed as the aspiring housewife who wants to buy her own home. Billy risks financial ruin to help Doreen get her ideal home on Brookside Close. She is characterised as competitive and wants to portray a positive family image to her neighbours. She is a shopaholic and over spender, a trait writers used to get the Corkhills into debt. Her behaviour causes her family many problems, Billy begins committing fraud and robberies to fund their lifestyle.
Fitzgerald decided to leave "Brookside" in 1987, citing exhaustion and issues with Doreen's characterisation. Writers created a dramatic exit story for her in which her marriage ends and abandons her children. In 1988, producers requested that Fitzgerald return to the show. She eventually agreed to a later invitation and Doreen returned in July 1989. Doreen's personality had been changed and she acknowledges that her earlier behaviour was wrong. She wants to resume her marriage, but Billy began a relationship with Sheila Grant (Sue Johnston) in her absence. The character was once again written out of the series following Doreen being unsuccessful in her aims to resume her marriage. Fitzgerald branded her departure a mistake and she believed that she had let real women like Doreen down. Television critics have praised Doreen's realism, Gareth McLean from "The Guardian" opined that Doreen and Billy were a true representation of the Liverpudlian "aspiring lower-middle-class". Matt Wolf from "The Sacramento Bee" stated that the Corkhills accurately portrayed the British working class.
Casting.
Fitzgerald secured the role in 1985. John McArdle was hired to play Doreen's husband Billy Corkhill. Justine Kerrigan and Jason Hope were then cast as their children, Tracy and Rod Corkhill. In an interview about his casting, Hope recalled that he had to meet with Fitzgerald and McArdle "to make sure we could pass of as family members." Kerrigan branded Fitzgerald a "brilliant actor" and praised the casting dynamic of the Corkhills. She added "I bonded with Kate straight away and she spoke to me like I was an adult, which I really appreciated. I had never or since – met anyone like her."
Development.
Characterisation and debts.
Doreen works as a receptionist at a dentists. She is characterised as "hard-working woman" who has had to "scrimped and saved" to get where she is. She also has a "atmosphere-sensitive sixth sense". In the book "Brookside: The Official Companion", Doreen is described as being aware that good houses need tenants with good finances, but "she can't stop dreaming". Billy loves her enough to risk financial ruin by buying her dream house on Brookside Close. Doreen was written to be an aspiring woman at odds with her more reluctant husband, Billy. Writers pitted the characters against the more socialist Grant family. Doreen is a "shopaholic", she strives to keep up with the Collins family and her social aspirations ultimately are her downfall. She is aware that the Corkhills have a "shady" side but tries to present a "good image" to her neighbours.
Writers used Doreen to portray the issues that arise from debts. The Corkhills face financial difficulties after Doreen free spending without thinking of the implications. Billy loses his job and their utilities are cut off and their television gets repossessed. Billy tries to help his family out of debt by tampering with the electricity supply. This causes issues with their son Rod, who is training to be a police officer. Writers continued to develop the story into 1987. Billy's brother, Jimmy Corkhill (Dean Sullivan) convinces him to stage a burglary at his home and steal from the Collins family. This upsets Doreen and she discovers the stolen property and the bank begin repossession proceedings.
The Corkhills struggle with Billy's unemployment and then he becomes angry with his neighbours for driving over his lawn to avoid a hole in the road. Billy retaliates by going on a rampage in his car, driving all over the other front gardens on Brookside Close. McArdle told Graham Kibble-White, the author of "20 Years of Brookside", that his character was reacted badly because his "family were falling down" and he suspected Doreen of having an affair with her dentist. The director of the episode, Ken Horn added that it was a well-remembered "Brookside" moment and credited its success to Fitzgerald and McArdle's "terrific" acting.
Their debt story culminated in the break-down of their marriage. Billy becomes desperate for money and participates in an armed robbery at a supermarket. Billy helps drive the getaway vehicle but the supermarket manager is injured. Doreen decides to leave Billy, but keeps his involvement a secret from Rod. She leaves in November 1987 and in February 1988, Billy travels to Bristol to find Doreen. Fitzgerald chose to leave "Brookside" because she was exhausted and unhappy with the role. She cited working long hours and issues with Doreen's characterisation in her decision to leave. Doreen and Billy "had been going through fairly painful emotions". Their dramas won Fitzgerald and McArdle praise on a weekly basis from television critics. The negative impact of the emotional drama caused Fitzgerald to swear that she would not portray such "pain and angst" again. Fitzgerald told Anthony Hayward from "TVTimes" that "I was very, very tired, part of that was, I think, because I'd never played a character for that length of time."
The actress also felt guilty about leaving because she believed that Doreen's absence destroyed the Corkhill family. She noted Doreen was "never going to leave her husband and children" and "I [felt I] had actually let a certain type of woman down." Fitzgerald claimed that she and other actors disliked the Corkhill's backstory because "it was a nonsense in the first place". She explained that Doreen had met Billy at a young age and put all of her energy into her family. For Doreen to then put her family into debt was "out of character", but she praised the writers who "worked hard" to make it believable."
Return.
Producers asked Fitzgerald to return the following year but she declined. They asked again in 1989 and she accepted because she needed the money they offered her. Fitzgerald told Hayward that she was "absolutely petrified" about returning, but the cast made her feel welcome. She realised that she had good friends at "Brookside" and that her earlier departure had been a mistake. Doreen's absence helped her overcome her earlier troubles and she returns "refreshed". Fitzgerald explained that "Doreen never had opportunities before because she had put everything into her family. Now she has put energies into other areas of her life. She is supposed to have been living in Bristol." The actress also praised the realism of Doreen's story because she had known women to walk out on their family.
Doreen returns during the episode broadcast on 10 July 1989. Doreen appears with a new look complete with a peroxide-blonde cropped hairstyle, which Fitzgerald had done during her time away. Writers reintroduced Doreen back into the Corkhill household, despite Billy now being in a relationship with Sheila Grant (Sue Johnston). Sheila orders Billy to throw Doreen out, but he refuses. Sheila moves out instead and writers played Doreen creating a plan to resume her marriage. Fitzgerald added "I think you can assume it will be a good bit of drama." Johnston liked Doreen's return because it added conflict for Sheila and Billy's relationship. She told Karen Swayne from "Chat" magazine that "everyone has been getting a bit nice in the Close. It's got a bit even keel and it needed conflict to give it an edge." Fitzgerald stated that she found the dialogue the two females exchange "rather shocking". Johnston added that Doreen is "very uncompromising" in the way she speaks to Sheila. Doreen accuses Sheila of being desperate and uses her older age as a "weapon" in her bid to snare Billy. Johnston branded Doreen's age discrimination tactic as "very painful because I know exactly how that hurts." She stated it was "absolutely the right thing" Doreen would say because she believed women know exactly how to hurt each other emotionally. Fitzgerald concluded that her return gave fans what they wanted. She revealed that viewers approached her in public and told her that to reunite with Billy and the children because she was "breaking their hearts". She added that she felt "knocked out" by how strongly the show's viewers cared about Doreen's story. In August, Doreen empties the house of Sheila's belongings and changes the locks. She then causes Sheila to break-up with Billy by revealing his part in the supermarket robbery. This forces Billy to tell Doreen he does not love her and Doreen was written out the series once again.
In 1994, it was revealed that Doreen was still living in Bristol and worked in a shoe factory, regretting losing Billy and having never found anyone to replace him.
Reception.
Critics from "The Guardian" have commented on the stark realism of Doreen's characterisation and stories. Gareth McLean opined that Doreen and Billy were a true reflection of "the aspiring lower-middle-class" living in Liverpool. Shyama Perera wrote that Doreen's debt problems were a common problem faced by many in society. In the book "British Television Drama in the 1980s", writers analysed an argument between Doreen and Sheila and compared it with an argument between the "Dynasty" characters Alexis Colby (Joan Collins) and Krystle Carrington (Linda Evans). Their conclusion was that "Brookside's" portrayal of women was more realistic than those featured in American soap operas. 
Matt Wolf from "The Sacramento Bee" stated that "Brookside's" characters, such as the Corkhills, represent the British working class and their problems. They added "a typical episode shows the Corkhills behind in their rent. Tracy's job is in the balance, Billy is unemployed and Doreen bets on horses to make ends meet." The Corkhills' house was depicted as the most rundown household on Brookside Close. Author Geoff Tibbals quipped "the natural starting point for any tour of the Close is the Corkhills' house, which, in the days of Doreen and Billy, was the only residence a brick through the window qualified as a home improvement." Lynne St Claire from the "Nottingham Post" branded Doreen a "wily" character. In the book, "To Be Continued... Soap Operas Around the World", Christine Geraghty wrote that Doreen was an example of one of "Brookside's" early authentic female characters. Geraghty branded Doreen a "strong mother" and assessed that she was someone "who controlled and negotiated family life within the home." She added that the show lacked such female roles during the 1990s. 

</doc>
<doc id="7014094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014094" title="Carmine Castle">
Carmine Castle

The Carmine Castle () was a castle in Naples, Italy. It was one of the fortifications built by the Spaniards under viceroy Pedro Álvarez de Toledo in the mid-16th century as part of the Spanish plans to surround the city with walls and forts. It stood at what was then the south-east corner of the walled city, that wall then turning in to the north. The fortress had great strategic value in the military history of the city up to and including the defense of the Neapolitan Republic of 1799 against the returning royalist forces of King Ferdinand IV. The castle was partially demolished in 1900 as part of Naples' great urban renewal in order to make room for a road along the sea. Two towers and fragmentary ruins still stand as historic markers.

</doc>
<doc id="7014107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014107" title="Carmine castle">
Carmine castle



</doc>
<doc id="7014111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014111" title="Devario interruptus">
Devario interruptus

Devario interruptus is a species of freshwater ray-finned fish belonging to the family Danionidae, very similar to "Devario shanensis". This species is found in the Irrawaddy River basin in Yunnan, China, The fish appears to grow to 5 to 6 cm, the maximum length can reach 7 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="7014114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014114" title="Robin and the Seven Hoods">
Robin and the Seven Hoods



</doc>
<doc id="7014116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014116" title="Epesse">
Epesse

Epesse could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7014126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014126" title="Local Boy in the Photograph">
Local Boy in the Photograph

"Local Boy in the Photograph" is the first single by rock band Stereophonics. The song is taken from their debut album, "Word Gets Around" and was released on 17 March 1997. The song reached number 51 in the UK Singles Chart. On 9 February 1998, the song was re-released and reached number 14 on the same chart.
Title and lyrics.
During an interview with Sky Arts HD after his performance at the Hay Festival in June 2010, Kelly Jones explained the meaning of a few of his songs and said that "Local Boy in the Photograph" was based on the true story of local boy Paul David Boggis, who was killed by a train travelling between Cwmbach and Aberdare. All the songs on the album are about people and events in the Aberdare area.
Stuart Cable.
Following the death of former Stereophonics drummer Stuart Cable, a campaign was launched on Facebook to get the song to number one in the UK charts. On 13 June 2010 it re-entered the UK charts at number 60.
Track listings.
All music written by Kelly Jones, Richard Jones and Stuart Cable. All lyrics composed by Kelly Jones; Except where indicated.
Personnel.
Stereophonics

</doc>
<doc id="7014129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014129" title="Barking and Dagenham Civic Centre">
Barking and Dagenham Civic Centre



</doc>
<doc id="7014131" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014131" title="Civic Centre, Dagenham">
Civic Centre, Dagenham

The Civic Centre in Dagenham is a former municipal building in Becontree Heath, an area within the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham. The building was designed in the modern style by the British architect Ernest Berry Webber in 1936 and was opened the following year. The local authority, Barking and Dagenham London Borough Council, occupied the building until 2016 when it was vacated and leased to CU London, a new university, the following year. It was designated as a Grade II listed building in 1981.
History.
Because of the lack of available land in London, the Housing Act 1919 permitted the London County Council (LCC) to build housing and act as landlord outside of its territory. G. Topham Forrest was appointed as the chief architect on behalf of the LCC and between 1921 and 1935 the cottage estate, comprising around 26,000 homes, was developed. The area was to be called Becontree.
In August 1928, following implementation of the Dagenham Urban District Council Act 1928 (18 &amp; 19 Geo. 5. c. cxvii), the council purchased 135 acres, with the intention of using the area as public space. Planners decided to designate the entrance to the area, since named Central Park, as the site of a new municipal building which was intended to be the work premises for members of the local authority.
Construction of the Civic Centre, which was undertaken by Allen Fairhead and Sons Limited, began in 1936 and was completed in October the following year. It was designed by Ernest Berry Webber, a designer of English municipal buildings, who the same year, designed Hammersmith Town Hall. He originally intended the building to be part of a complex which was to also include a fire station, library, shops, assembly hall and theatre, but the plan never came to fruition. The land on which the building was constructed featured lily ponds which became known as "blue lagoons" by the locals. The ponds were illuminated and filled with goldfish. The fish gradually died out, and in 1953 the ponds were filled in.
The Civic Centre's foundation stone was laid by Harry Snell, 1st Baron Snell on 11 July 1936. The building was officially opened on 16 October the following year by Sir Kingsley Wood who was the Secretary of State for Health.
Design.
The Civic Centre is designed in the modern style. The interior features a stair hall which is made using champagne-coloured Botticino marble and the ceilings are decorated with art deco paintings. The internal doors are mostly mahogany with bronze fixtures. The Council Chamber is semi-circular in layout and is flanked by walnut-panels. The Mayor’s Parlour is panelled in Canadian betula veneer and sycamore. The building has a number of pieces of specially designed walnut furniture. Cherry, O'Brien and Pevsner, in their "London: East" volume of the "Buildings of England" series, describe the building as "Dagenham's best building by far and a good inter-war example of the traditional language of civic architecture absorbing a more go ahead modern style".
Later history.
In 1964 the local authority deemed the Civic Centre too small to house the 500 staff that they employed so built extensions to the south. It was designated as a Grade II listed building on 24 August 1981.
In 2003, the building underwent a major refurbishment. The work was carried out by the architectural practice Richard Griffiths &amp; Hawkins Brown who removed all non-original fittings and restored the original stonework. The ceiling was stripped to reveal the original paint colours. The main Council Chamber was fitted with audio-visual equipment, air conditioning, a scene-setting lighting scheme, induction loops and more flexible furniture to allow different seating plans. Also upgraded and remodelled were the meeting rooms, members lounge, washrooms, kitchen and offices. Lifts were installed in the main foyer.
In March 2014, the building was threatened with closure because of the austerity measures imposed by the national coalition government. Its sale had been suggested as a means to find savings of £53.5million. A local petition was set up which was signed by 3,700 local residents. This forced the council to defer their decision pending further information. The Labour politician for Dagenham and Rainham, Jon Cruddas, led calls to retain the building as a result of overwhelming public support. Local residents called the building the "heart of Dagenham" and thought that it served a purpose that "cannot be quantified". In December 2015, the council disclosed their plans to scrap the sale and to allow the building to remain as the Civic Centre. A plan was proposed to turn the Civic Centre into a school, but in September 2017, CU London, part of the Coventry University Group, launched a new university in the Civic Centre, with permission from the council. The construction company Willmott Dixon was awarded the £4.5 million contract to modernise the building for higher educational purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="7014138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014138" title="Bueng Sam Phan district">
Bueng Sam Phan district

Bueng Sam Phan (, ) is a district ("amphoe") in the southern part of Phetchabun province, northern Thailand.
History.
Tambon Sap Samo Thot was created by separating it from Tambon Ban Phot, Nong Phai district in 1966. On 15 May 1975 "tambon" Sap Samo Thot together with "tambons" Sap Mai Daeng, Nong Chaeng, and Kan Chu were split from Nong Phai District to create the minor district ("king amphoe") Bueng Sam Phan. It was named "Bueng Sam Phan" ('Sam Phan pond') after the most important water resource of the district. 
The minor district was upgraded to a full district on 25 March 1979.
Geography.
Neighbouring districts are (from the north clockwise) Chon Daen and Nong Phai of Phetchabun Province, Phakdi Chumphon of Chaiyaphum province, Wichian Buri of Phetchabun, and Phaisali and Nong Bua of Nakhon Sawan province.
Administration.
The district is divided into nine sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 117 villages ("mubans"). Sap Samo Thot is a township ("thesaban tambon") and covers parts of "tambons" Sap Samo Thot and Bueng Sam Phan. There are nine tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="7014151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014151" title="Jai Parkash">
Jai Parkash

Jai Parkash Saharan (born 2 December 1954) is an Indian politician and currently serving as Member of Parliament of Lok Sabha representing Hisar and is a member of the Indian National Congress. He served as Deputy Minister in Ministry of Petroleum and Chemicals in Chandra Shekhar ministry. He was member of 9th, 11th, 14th Lok Sabha.
External links.
Also minister of petroleum in Chandrashekhar government

</doc>
<doc id="7014160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014160" title="George Finnegan">
George Finnegan

George V. Finnegan (September 28, 1881 – February 28, 1913) was an American bantamweight and flyweight boxer who competed in the early twentieth century. He died in San Francisco, California.
Finnegan won two medals in Boxing at the 1904 Summer Olympics, a gold medal in the flyweight category and a silver medal against fellow American, Oliver Kirk in the bantamweight category in which he gained several pounds in several days. Finnegan remains only one of four boxers in boxing history to win two different medals at the same Games.

</doc>
<doc id="7014166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014166" title="Treaty of Good-Neighborliness and Friendly Cooperation Between the People's Republic of China and the Russian Federation">
Treaty of Good-Neighborliness and Friendly Cooperation Between the People's Republic of China and the Russian Federation



</doc>
<doc id="7014178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014178" title="Melvin van Horne">
Melvin van Horne



</doc>
<doc id="7014185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014185" title="Atma Singh Gill">
Atma Singh Gill

Atma Singh Gill (12 October 1938 – 6 November 2017) was an Indian politician from Haryana. He was member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India from Sirsa constituency of Haryana and was a member of the Indian National Congress.
His son in law Mr. Maghar Singh Bhullar is a former Zila Parishad member from the INLD living in Vill Nezadela Sirsa. Gill died on 6 November 2017, at the age of 79.

</doc>
<doc id="7014188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014188" title="List of Greek banks">
List of Greek banks



</doc>
<doc id="7014190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014190" title="Mutually intelligible languages">
Mutually intelligible languages



</doc>
<doc id="7014193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014193" title="Simon Rowland-Jones">
Simon Rowland-Jones

Simon Rowland-Jones (born 1950) is a violist, composer, and music editor. He is best known for his arrangement of the Bach Cello Suites for Viola, which is widely praised as one of the best scholarly editions of the work for viola.
He has taught at the Malmö Academy of Music in Sweden, the Royal College of Music, the Royal Northern College of Music, the Royal Welsh College of Music &amp; Drama and the Yehudi Menuhin School. He studied at the Yehudi Menuhin School, and later with Bruno Giuranna at the Academia de Santa Cecila in Rome. He was the founding violist of the Chilingirian Quartet, and has also recorded several albums as a soloist.
His mother Penny was the niece of philosopher Henri Bergson.

</doc>
<doc id="7014198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014198" title="Tracey (Pokémon)">
Tracey (Pokémon)



</doc>
<doc id="7014199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014199" title="Calcium-induced calcium release">
Calcium-induced calcium release

Calcium-induced calcium release (CICR) describes a biological process whereby calcium is able to activate calcium release from intracellular Ca2+ stores (e.g., endoplasmic reticulum or sarcoplasmic reticulum). Although CICR was first proposed for skeletal muscle in the 1970s, it is now known that CICR is unlikely to be the primary mechanism for activating SR calcium release. Instead, CICR is thought to be crucial for excitation-contraction coupling in cardiac muscle. It is now obvious that CICR is a widely occurring cellular signaling process present even in many non-muscle cells, such as in the insulin-secreting pancreatic beta cells, epithelium, and many other cells. Since CICR is a positive-feedback system, it has been of great interest to elucidate the mechanism(s) responsible for its termination.
Examples in biology.
Excitation-contraction coupling.
Excitation-contraction coupling in myocardium relies on sarcolemma depolarization and subsequent Ca2+ entry to trigger Ca2+ release from the sarcoplasmic reticulum. When an action potential depolarizes the cell membrane, voltage-gated Ca2+ channels (e.g., L-type calcium channels) are activated. CICR occurs when the resulting Ca2+ influx activates ryanodine receptors on the SR membrane, which causes more Ca2+ to be released into the cytosol. In cardiac muscle, the result of CICR is observed as a spatio-temporally restricted Ca2+ spark. The result of CICR across the cell causes the significant increase in cytosolic Ca2+ that is important in activating muscle contraction.

</doc>
<doc id="7014201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014201" title="Ernest Goes to School">
Ernest Goes to School

Ernest Goes to School is a 1994 American comedy film directed and co-written by Coke Sams. It stars Jim Varney, Linda Kash and Bill Byrge. It is the seventh film to feature the character Ernest P. Worrell, and the sixth film in the "Ernest" series, after "Ernest Rides Again" (1993). It is the only "Ernest" film to not be directed by John Cherry and the first to not have a wide theatrical release. 
The film received a limited theatrical release in Cincinnati, Ohio beginning on June 10, 1994. It was released on direct-to-video on December 14, 1994. The next film in the series, "Slam Dunk Ernest" was released in June 1995.
Plot.
Ernest works as a janitor at Chickasaw Falls High School, which is facing closure due to the school board's decision to merge other schools in the area. There is also a new rule: All employees are required to have a high school diploma, which Ernest lacks due to an incomplete high school transcript. Ernest has two choices as a result: Resign or go through the twelfth grade. Ernest reluctantly decides to redo school and enters the student body, attending regular classes and performing usual student activities, but all not with a little catastrophe or predicament or distraction.
Soon, the principal tells him he is failing and that he may as well forget about the experiment. As Ernest is off sulking about it, two science teachers show up in his locker to reveal their biggest experiment to him - a potential brain accelerator, and they make Ernest their "Human Guinea Pig". The experiment is successful and Ernest becomes significantly smart. He is extremely proficient at virtually everything from mathematics to drama to music. The only downside is that his personality turns snobbish and superior, alienating him from his friends. He impresses his teachers and it seems he is well on the way to graduating with top marks. While Ernest is doing well, Ms. Flugal, who is Ernest's love interest, makes him band conductor and puts him in charge of directing the marching band in preparation for the halftime show during the football game. Ernest diligently does so and instructs the whole band to watch him if anything wrong happens. This rule is very instrumental in the ending result.
Eventually, two bullies find out about Ernest's secret by watching him descend into his locker to recharge his intelligence. They in turn destroy the accelerator right before the night of the football game. The whole procession is ultimately ruined when Ernest realizes he cannot recharge and has to direct the band with his usual mind and intelligence. He spends the whole disastrous affair with his head inserted in a tuba which resulted after he descended toward the band from the podium in his clumsiness, ending up causing a series of catastrophic events and disappointing everyone in the whole school, especially the principal and Ms. Flugal. Depressed, with the knowledge that he cannot recharge his head anymore, Ernest starts packing his things until he finds three of his friends mocking him. They force Ernest haplessly through days of study for the final exam. On the day of the big exam, Ernest is about to go in, but before he does, the scientists return and tell him excitedly that the brain accelerator has been repaired. Feeling for his friends who labored with him all that time, he declines to use the machine and takes the exam on his own.
Later, the football game finals for the district championship take place. During the game, the board inspector, who personally wants the merger to happen, bribes the football coach into purposely losing the game against the rival team by offering him a better coaching job at the newly merged Central High. As the head of the school board is in the audience, the forthcoming loss will likely convince the board the merger must happen. The coach accepts, resulting in the football team losing every play, though one of Ernest's friends overhears the scheme and informs Ernest and some members of the band of the fix. While Ernest is leading the halftime show with his unique routines, four band members are able to sneak off to try to prevent the fix from going through. With the help of the two science teachers, they infiltrate the locker room with sleeping gas, effectively replacing the football team to win the game themselves. During the game between the rival team and the replacements, the two scientists reveal to Ernest their new brain accelerator. He immediately charges up and becomes the new quarterback for the team. With his new intelligent strategies, the tide turns and they begin to rally. However, in the last play of the game, Ernest forgets to recharge and loses his intelligence while in play. He ends up rolling down field on a drum after the ball that was thrown and makes a miraculous catch in the end zone for the game-winning touchdown. In the midst of the celebration, the football players arrive from the locker room in bewilderment and the board chairperson is informed of the inspector's actions and intentions and the coach's involvement.
In the end, due to the victory at the football game, the school stays open and both the coach and the inspector get fired. It is also revealed Ernest passed the final exam, so he earns his high school diploma and is permitted to keep his job.
Release.
The film received a limited theatrical release in Cincinnati, Ohio on June 10, 1994, and in Louisville, Kentucky on July 29. It was released on direct-to-video on December 14, 1994, and the first to not have a wide theatrical release.

</doc>
<doc id="7014203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014203" title="List (programming)">
List (programming)



</doc>
<doc id="7014204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014204" title="European Association of Zoos and Aquaria">
European Association of Zoos and Aquaria

The European Association of Zoos and Aquaria (EAZA) is an organisation for the European zoo and aquarium community that links over 340 member organisations in 41 countries. EAZA membership is open to all zoos and aquaria across Europe that comply with EAZA's standards. The organisation is administered and headquartered at Natura Artis Magistra in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
The mission of the association is to promote cooperation for furthering regional collection planning and wildlife conservation. EAZA also promotes educational activities and advises EU lawmakers through standing committees of the European Parliament and the European Council.
EAZA Ex-situ Programme.
EAZA manages the EAZA Ex-situ Programme (EEP), a population management and conservation programme. As of 2022, over 400 animal species are represented in the programme.
Each EEP has a coordinator who is assisted by a species committee. The coordinator collects information on the status of all the animals kept in EAZA zoos and aquariums of the species for which they are responsible, produces a studbook, carries out demographic and genetic analyses, produces a plan for the future management of the species and provides recommendations to participating institutions.
Thematic conservation campaigns.
Every two years EAZA launches a campaign dedicated to a threatened species or a threatened Environment. The campaign's aims are to draw attention to the problem, to promote biodiversity awareness, raise funds for special projects and to do lobbying work in national governments and international organizations.
The campaigns address EAZA members to get involved in the themes and to spread information about the importance of biodiversity and its conservation to the visitors.
Campaign for the Ukrainian zoos.
In 2022, during the Russo-Ukrainian War, EAZA launched a funding campaign to save animals from Ukrainian zoos. In June 2022 EAZA had collected €1 324 884 from over 130 institutional and 11 000 private donors, and funds have been provided to nearly 20 institutions in Ukraine. Funds were allocated on the basis of need according to the requests received from zoos, and were distributed to recipients through channels subject to change due to possible war-time disruptions.
List of EAZA member institutions.
Source:
As of October 2023, EAZA has 308 Full Members, 20 Temporary Members, 20 Candidates for Membership, 55 Corporate Members and 38 Associate Members represented in 47 countries.
Indirect members.
These zoos and aquariums are members through an aforementioned associate organization. 

</doc>
<doc id="7014205" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014205" title="Demilitarized Zone (Vietnam)">
Demilitarized Zone (Vietnam)



</doc>
<doc id="7014207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014207" title="Paul Henshall">
Paul Henshall

Paul Henshall (born 1977 in Staffordshire) is a British actor. He uses a wheelchair because he has cerebral palsy.
Paul is best known for playing the roles of medical student Dean West in "Holby City", and Paul in "I'm With Stupid". He has also had roles in "A Thing Called Love", "Casualty" and the film "The Confusion of Tongues" (2014). Henshall also performed in the 2007 Edinburgh Fringe Festival in a new play for 'Liberated Theatre' called "Mutton" at the Gillded Balloon. He was seen as Alan in Rock Rivals in 2008. Paul also played an alien abductee in an episode of The Trudy Lite Comedy Chat Show.
In June 2015, he appeared in two 'Blue Badge' specials of "Off Their Rockers" on ITV.
He lives in Truro.
Education.
Paul graduated from Manchester Metropolitan University's Theatre School in 2001, where he was the first disabled person in the country to gain a BADC certificate in stage combat (armed and unarmed).

</doc>
<doc id="7014209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014209" title="Voltage-gated K+ channel">
Voltage-gated K+ channel



</doc>
<doc id="7014211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014211" title="Sir John Campbell, 1st Baronet">
Sir John Campbell, 1st Baronet

Sir John William Campbell, 1st Baronet, (1836–1915) was a major-general in the British Army who served in the Crimean War in 1855, in the China campaign in 1860 and in the Second Anglo-Afghan War in 1879–80. He was made a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1886. He was appointed 1st Lieutenant in the Royal Artillery in 1855; his service in the Crimea in 1854-5 was "in the trenches with the siege train before Sebastopol," for which he was awarded a medal and clasp.
He was the eldest son of John Campbell, Lt Governor of St Vincent 1845–53, by his wife, Hannah Elizabeth Macleod, the daughter of James Macleod, Esq., of Rasay. He succeeded his father to the baronetcy in 1853. He married Catherine Lyona Sophia Cavie in 1867; they had one son, John Bruce Stuart, b. 1877, who succeeded him as baronet in 1915.
His claim to be Baronet of Campbell of Ardnamurchan was not officially recognised by the Standing Council of the Baronetage, but he was listed as the 8th baronet in contemporary peerages (particularly those that pre-date the existence of the SCB), so he apparently used the title socially. He was granted a new baronetcy as Campbell of Ardnamurchan, Argyll on 29 November 1913 with precedency of 1804. The earlier baronetcy was in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia; the second creation was in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.
After the death of the 2nd Baronet in 1943 (while a prisoner in Palenbang Camp, Sumatra), no one put forward a claim to the baronetcy, and it is listed by the Standing Council of the Baronetage as dormant.

</doc>
<doc id="7014235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014235" title="Lyn Rogers">
Lyn Rogers



</doc>
<doc id="7014239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014239" title="Abdul Rashid Shaheen">
Abdul Rashid Shaheen

Abdul Rashid Shaheen (born August 3, 1945) is an active politician, socialist and a philanthropist. He has served as minister for industries back is 1980s and member of parliament two times from baramulla constituency in 1990s. He was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He used to represent the Baramulla (Lok Sabha constituency)constituency of Jammu and Kashmir and was a member of the Jammu and Kashmir National Conference (JKNC) political party.

</doc>
<doc id="7014248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014248" title="Kevin Davids">
Kevin Davids

Kevin Davids (born Kevin Davies) is a British actor and Paralympic fencing champion. He is best known for his role as Syd in the BBC television series "I'm with Stupid". In 2003 he was one of the two supporting cast members in the short film "Shotgun Dave Rides East", which starred Peter Capaldi and Tim Dantay as the two leads. In 2014, 2015, &amp; 2018 he appeared in "Coronation Street" as an important client of the Underworld factory.
Paralympic career.
At the 1984 Summer Paralympics, Davies took gold in the wheelchair fencing sabre individual 4-5 event.

</doc>
<doc id="7014250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014250" title="Colburn conservatory">
Colburn conservatory



</doc>
<doc id="7014253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014253" title="Arctic Monkeys discography">
Arctic Monkeys discography

English rock band Arctic Monkeys have released seven studio albums, five extended plays, two video albums, 24 music videos and 23 singles. Formed in 2002 by guitarist and vocalist Alex Turner, guitarist and backing vocalist Jamie Cook, bass guitarist and backing vocalist Andy Nicholson and drummer and backing vocalist Matt Helders, Arctic Monkeys released their first EP, "Five Minutes with Arctic Monkeys", in May 2005, and signed with London-based Domino Recording Company in June.
The band's first two singles on Domino, "I Bet You Look Good on the Dancefloor" and "When the Sun Goes Down", both peaked at number one on the UK Singles Chart. Their debut studio album, "Whatever People Say I Am, That's What I'm Not", followed in January 2006 and reached number one on the UK Albums Chart, the Irish Albums Chart and the Australian Albums Chart. The British Phonographic Industry (BPI) certified the album seven times platinum. The band released a second EP, "Who the Fuck Are Arctic Monkeys?", which was their last to be recorded with Nicholson, in April 2006; Nicholson officially departed in June, replaced by Nick O'Malley. Their first single after Nicholson's departure, "Leave Before the Lights Come On", reached number four on the UK Singles Chart.
Arctic Monkeys released their second studio album, "Favourite Worst Nightmare", in April 2007. "Favourite Worst Nightmare" peaked atop the UK Albums Chart and the Irish Albums Chart. In the United States, the album peaked at number seven on the "Billboard" 200, their first top-ten entry. Two singles from the album, "Brianstorm" and "Fluorescent Adolescent", reached the top five on the UK Singles Chart. The band followed with their third studio album, "Humbug", which was released in August 2009. Peaking atop the UK Albums Chart and the Irish Albums Chart, "Humbug" was preceded by the lead single "Crying Lightning", which reached number 12 on the UK Singles Chart. Their fourth studio album, "Suck It and See" (2011), was their fourth UK Albums Chart number one.
Arctic Monkeys' fifth studio album, "AM" (2013), peaked atop the Irish Albums Chart, the Australian Albums Chart and the New Zealand Albums Chart. In the United Kingdom, "AM" made Arctic Monkeys the first independent label band to earn five number-one albums and was certified four times platinum by the BPI. It earned platinum certifications by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA; double platinum), the Irish Recorded Music Association (IRMA), the Recorded Music NZ (RMNZ) and the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). "AM" second single, "Do I Wanna Know?", was the band's first to be certified triple platinum by the BPI and platinum by the RIAA. Its third single, "Why'd You Only Call Me When You're High?", reached the UK Singles Chart top ten. The band's sixth studio album, "Tranquility Base Hotel &amp; Casino" (2018), peaked atop the UK Albums Chart. Their seventh album, "The Car" (2022), peaked at number two on the UK Albums Chart, behind Taylor Swift's "Midnights". In the US, the album landed at number six on the "Billboard" 200.

</doc>
<doc id="7014254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014254" title="Lago Vista Independent School District">
Lago Vista Independent School District

Lago Vista Independent School District is a school district headquartered in Lago Vista, Texas, in the Austin metropolitan area.
Darren Webb is the current Superintendent of the district. Schools in the Lago Vista Independent School District include Lago Vista Elementary School, Lago Vista Intermediate School, Lago Vista Middle School, and Lago Vista High School.
The district serves almost of Lago Vista and all of Point Venture, as well as portions of nearby Jonestown. The school district's current UIL Classification is 4A, Division 2. In total, the Lago Vista Independent School District serves just under 2,000 students. Enrollment is projected to increase to approximately 2,500 students by the 2026 school year as the area's population continues to grow at a rapid pace. In recent years, Lago Vista voters have approved a host of ballot propositions aimed at increasing funding for varying district extracurricular opportunities and improving district facilities. 
Governance.
The Lago Vista Independent School District is governed by the Lago Vista ISD Board of Trustees, which has seven members elected to three year terms. Board members all represent the district at large rather than specific geographical areas.
Academics.
In 2010, the school district was rated "Exemplary" by the Texas Education Agency.
For the 2020-2021 academic school year, the graduation rate for Lago Vista ISD was 100%. The District is one of the top-rated districts in the Central Texas region with a Texas Education Agency (TEA) Accountability Rating of “A".
Awards.
In 2015, the theatre program at Lago Vista High School claimed the UIL Conference 3-A State One-Act championship with their production of "Over the River and Through the Woods." The show was directed by first-year teacher, Elisabeth Hunter.
The Lago Vista Vikings have become a very successful program in football, where they have won 3 district championships and played in the state semi-finals against Cameron at DKR Memorial Stadium. They are coached by Alan Haire.

</doc>
<doc id="7014258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014258" title="Lago Vista ISD">
Lago Vista ISD



</doc>
<doc id="7014265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014265" title="Nam Nao district">
Nam Nao district

 
Nam Nao (, ) is the northeasternmost district ("amphoe") of Phetchabun province, northern Thailand.
History.
On 16 November 1978 the "tambons" Nam Nao and Lak Dan were split from Lom Sak district and made into a minor district ("king amphoe"). It was upgraded to a full district on 19 July 1991.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Phu Luang and Phu Kradueng of Loei province, Phu Pha Man of Khon Kaen province, Khon San of Chaiyaphum province, and Lom Sak and Lom Kao of Phetchabun Province. The district's east side borders Phu Kradueng Mountain.
Nam Nao National Park is in the district.
Administration.
The district is divided into four sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 30 villages ("mubans"). There are no municipal ("thesabana") in the district. There are four tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="7014275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014275" title="Miles Burke">
Miles Burke

Miles J. Burke (January 15, 1885 – December 25, 1928) was an American flyweight boxer who competed in the early twentieth century. He died in St. Louis, Missouri.
Burke won a silver medal in Boxing at the 1904 Summer Olympics, losing to fellow American George Finnegan. Finnegan was the only other athlete competing in the weight class. Allegedly, Burke weighed 108 pounds for the bout, three pounds over the weight limit, but was still allowed to compete, perhaps because no other opponent could be found.
1904 Olympic results.
Below are the results of Miles Burke, an American flyweight boxer who competed at the 1904 St. Louis Olympics:

</doc>
<doc id="7014278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014278" title="Upper Colorado River Endangered Fish Recovery Program">
Upper Colorado River Endangered Fish Recovery Program

The Upper Colorado River Endangered Fish Recovery Program is a multi-agency partnership to recover endangered fish in the upper Colorado River basin while water development proceeds in compliance with state and federal law (e.g., state water law, the Endangered Species Act, and interstate compacts).
Overview.
Four species of fish native to the Colorado River basin are in danger of becoming extinct: the Colorado pikeminnow, the razorback sucker, the bonytail, and the humpback chub. The goal of the program is to stem further reductions in numbers of these species and, eventually, to create self-sustaining populations, while water development proceeds in compliance with state and federal law.
History.
The program was established in 1988 under a Cooperative Agreement signed by the Secretary of the Interior, the Governors of Colorado, Utah, and Wyoming, and the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration. In December 2001, those same officials signed an extension of the Agreement that extended the program through September 30, 2013. Recovery Program partners include: the Colorado River Energy Distributors Association, the Colorado Water Congress, the National Park Service, the State of Colorado, the State of Utah, the State of Wyoming, the Nature Conservancy, the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the Utah Water Users Association, the Western Area Power Administration, the Western Resource Advocates, and the Wyoming Water Association. As originally established, the program consists of five elements:
Impact.
According to a 2004 policy statement:
[N]onnative fishes of immediate primary concern and currently explicitly targeted for management are northern pike ("Esox lucius"), smallmouth bass ("Micropterus dolomieu"), and channel catfish ("Ictalurus punctatus"). These nonnative fish species pose significant threats to the endangered fishes because of their high or increasing abundance and range expansion, their habitat and resource requirements overlap with those of the endangered fish species, and they are known fish predators.
State and federal agencies have also entered into agreements about restricting the stocking of gamefish that might possibly escape into the river;
The Recovery Program believes it will be necessary to remove substantial numbers of the more abundant target nonnative fish species from certain river reaches, and, through research and monitoring, demonstrate sustained reductions in nonnative fish abundance and resulting positive native fish responses at the population level. As deemed appropriate and practical, efforts will be made to relocate nonnative sportfish removed from rivers to local ponds or reservoirs publicly accessible to anglers. Relocation of sportfish will be in compliance with State laws and regulations, in coordination with State fish and wildlife agencies, and in accordance with the 1996 Procedures for Stocking Nonnative Fish Species in the Upper Colorado River Basin. The number or biomass of sportfish relocated to any one body of water in a given year will be determined by State fish and wildlife agencies.
Reports indicate that native species are still rare in many of the areas under study. For example, a 2006 report on 83 habitat areas in the Yampa River, which sampled 14,140 fish, reported only 1.6% of that total (221 fish) were native. It also noted that 86% of these native fishes were taken in isolated pools where few or no smallmouth bass occurred; only 32 native fish were captured in the mainstem, where nonnative predatory species occur, considered an indication of the negative impact of non-native fish. A 2006 report on the middle Green River, following removal of large predatory nonnatives (pike and bass), suggested a small recent (2005–2006) increase in small nonnative cyprinids, but no increases in native species.
Reports like those about the lack of recovery of native species in the Yampa and Green Rivers have fueled public opposition to the sportfish-removal element of the program. In 2006, Colorado Wildlife Commissioner Rick Enstrom, appointed as the Commission's representative of the state's sportsmen, and an outspoken critic of the sportfish removal aspects of the recovery program, stated: 
Colorado leads the nation in T &amp; E [threatened and endangered]recovery success stories, and most have been accomplished through habitat manipulation or stocking, not the elimination of top tier predators.
Opponents of sportfish removal blame the decline of native fish on habitat loss through dam construction and irrigation diversions in the river basin, and claim that nonnative introduced sportfish serve largely as a scapegoat.

</doc>
<doc id="7014280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014280" title="Basolateral">
Basolateral



</doc>
<doc id="7014282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014282" title="USS Benner (DD-807)">
USS Benner (DD-807)

USS "Benner" (DD/DDR-807) was a of the United States Navy, named for Marine Second Lieutenant Stanley G. Benner (1916–1942), who was killed during the Battle of Guadalcanal.
Namesake.
Stanley Graves Benner was born on 5 July 1916 in Arlington, Massachusetts. He lived in Boston, Massachusetts, until 1940. Enlisting in the United States Marine Corps Reserve on 21 August 1940, he reported for active duty at Marine Corps Base Quantico, on 8 November that same year. After training at the Marine Corps' recruit depot at Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island, he arrived at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base, on 21 January 1941. While there, he participated in maneuvers on the Puerto Rican Island of Culebra. Transferred to the Marine Corps Base at Parris Island, S.C., on 12 April, he served there—receiving a promotion to private first class on 26 May, until shifting duty station to what would later become Camp Lejeune at New River, N.C., on 28 September. Benner was promoted to corporal on 11 October 1941 and to Sergeant on 1 April 1942.
Ordered to the field on 8 May 1942, Benner joined Company "A", 1st Battalion, 7th Marines, and, after traveling by rail to Marine Corps Recruit Depot San Diego, sailed for the South Pacific in late May. After arriving at Tutuila, the battalion reinforced other elements of the 7th Marines already on garrison duty in the Samoan Islands. It remained there, serving as a reserve amphibious force, during the initial landings on Guadalcanal in early August. While on Samoa, Sgt. Benner accepted appointment as second lieutenant on 4 August. The 7th Marines sailed from Samoa on 4 September, for Espiritu Santo in the New Hebrides. Upon arrival on the 12th, the regiment received orders to move to Guadalcanal as soon as possible. Departing the New Hebrides on the 14th, the transports arrived off Kukum, Guadalcanal, on 18 September. Later that same day, the 7th Marines took up a position astride "Bloody Ridge", guarding the perimeter's southern flank from there down to the Lunga River.
Over the next few weeks, Benner's unit took part in the fierce fighting along the Matanikau River, including the desperate amphibious evacuation west of Point Cruz on 27 September and the far more successful spoiling attack west of the river between 7 and 9 October. The 1st Battalion then returned to their original positions on "Bloody Ridge." On the night of 24 October the Japanese 4th Infantry Regiment closed the perimeter's southern flank. When the Japanese arrived, only Benner's 1st Battalion remained to face them because the 2d Battalion had been pulled out to reinforce the perimeter's western flank the day before.
The assault, coming under cover of heavy rain and darkness, surged out of the jungle just after midnight on the 25th. The Japanese, throwing grenades and firing rifles and machine guns, repeatedly charged the marine positions but were beaten back by American small arms, mortar, and artillery fire. The enemy kept the pressure on the ridge throughout the night, at one point forcing a salient into the Marines' line, but were eventually driven back with heavy losses. The Japanese resumed the attack the following evening, throwing fresh troops into the fray. Artillery, mortars, small arms, and canister-firing 37-millimeter guns cut down the repeated Japanese assaults, forcing the decimated units to withdraw. Benner led his platoon in the fierce two days of combat on "Bloody Ridge" and directed its fire against repeated assaults of enemy forces greatly superior in number. In so doing, contributing to the "rout and virtual annihilation of a Japanese regiment" he was killed in action in the early morning hours of 26 October. Benner was awarded the Silver Star, posthumously.
The destroyer escort was named for Benner, but her construction was cancelled in 1944 before it could begin.
Construction and commissioning.
"Benner" was laid down on 10 July 1944 at Bath, Maine, by the Bath Iron Works Corp.; launched on 30 November 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Gertrude A. Benner, 2ndLt Benner's mother; and commissioned at Boston, Massachusetts, on 13 February 1945.
1945.
Intended for service as a "picket ship" in the Pacific, "Benner" received radar and other modifications at the Boston Navy Yard between 13 February and 21 March. She then sailed for Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, on the 28th, arriving there on the 31st. The destroyer conducted four weeks of shakedown exercises, including gunnery, antiaircraft, and anti-submarine warfare (ASW) drills.
On 29 April, she steamed to Gonaïves Bay, Haiti, for ASW training on a friendly "bottomed out" submarine and conducted a shore bombardment exercise off Culebra Island the following day. After her rendezvous with in Windward Passage on 3 May, the warships sailed north on an antisubmarine patrol. Although "Benner"s crew dropped 11 depth charges on a possible submarine contact later that day, they later determined it to be a false contact. She parted company with HMS "Reaper" on the 7th and sailed independently for Boston, arriving on 8 May for three weeks of post-shakedown availability. Following those repairs, the destroyer steamed to Norfolk, Virginia, where she joined and in preparation for sailing to the Pacific.
"Benner" got underway for the Panama Canal on 2 June, transited the canal on the 8th, and arrived at San Diego, California on 15 June. After minor repairs, she sailed for Hawaii on the 18th, mooring in Pearl Harbor on 23 June. "Benner" spent the rest of the month conducting training missions – antiaircraft, fighter-direction, radar jamming, and motor-torpedo-boat (MTB) evasion exercises – in preparation for deployment to the waters off Japan.
In company with , escorting in Task Unit 12.5.3 (TU 12.5.3), "Benner" departed Pearl Harbor on 12 July. During the transit across the central Pacific, the destroyers screened "Wasp" as that aircraft carrier launched air strikes against Wake Island on the 18th. After a brief pause at Eniwetok to refuel the following day, the task unit joined Task Force 38 (TF 38) just south of the Japanese home islands on 26 July.
"Benner" screened in Task Group 38.3 (TG 38.3) during 28 July air strikes against enemy shipping at Maizuru and on 30 July against the Tokyo-Nagoya area. While a typhoon canceled further attacks scheduled for early August, the task group refueled and then moved into position for strikes against northern Honshū on 8 August. Taking up a picket position – about 50 miles (90 km) southwest of TF 38 – with , and , "Benner" watched as unidentified aircraft approached their position all day. Although most of the enemy aircraft retreated before friendly combat air patrol (CAP), some low-flying Japanese aircraft sneaked under the CAP's protective umbrella to attack the destroyers.
At 14:54, a single Aichi B7A1 "Grace" carrier attack plane dove over "Hank", passed across the formation, and, despite withering anti-aircraft fire, banked around to crash into "Borie". Large fires broke out immediately, especially in her forward superstructure around the bridge; and the three other destroyers spent the next two hours fending off four more enemy attacks. After "Borie"s damage control teams got the fires under control, "Benner" spent a fruitless evening searching the water for "Borie" crewmen lost over the side.
The destroyers continued screen operations between 10 and 15 August before TF 38 retired southeast of Honshū to await developments in the wake of news of the Japanese surrender. Detached on 24 August, "Benner" cruised off Nagoya to provide an aircraft homing beacon for flights to Tokyo from Okinawa. On 4 September, she joined a task group formed around and cruised off Honshū as that carrier launched POW-relief flights through 9 September. Following leave and upkeep in Tokyo, the destroyer steamed to the Marshall Islands at the end of September – for a week's upkeep alongside a tender – before returning to Japan for three more months of occupation duty.
1946–1948.
Departing Tokyo on 3 January 1946, "Benner" spent the next three months cruising in the western Pacific, visiting Guam, Saipan, and several Philippine Islands before finally sailing for home on 25 March. She arrived at San Diego, by way of Eniwetok and Pearl Harbor, on 11 April. After several months of limited operations out of San Diego, the destroyer received an overhaul at Terminal Island between 29 August and 23 November before returning to San Diego in preparation for an overseas deployment.
On 6 January 1947, "Benner" departed San Diego in company with and arrived at Hong Kong, via Pearl Harbor and Eniwetok, on the 30th. Tensions in the region were high, and "Benner" spent eight months cruising the East China Sea in support of the ultimately futile American efforts to resolve the Chinese civil war. She visited the Chinese ports of Shanghai, Qingdao, and Qinhuangdao, as well as the Korean port of Pusan, before sailing for San Diego, where she arrived on 8 October.
Following 11 months of local operations in California waters, the destroyer departed San Diego for China on 1 October 1948 – mainly to escort the Pacific Mobile Striking Force to Qingdao and to help monitor the withdrawal of Soviet forces from North Korea – before returning home on 23 December.
1949–1956.
She remained in California waters, conducting routine operations, into the spring of 1949. During this period, the warship was reclassified as a radar picket destroyer and was redesignated DDR-807 on 18 March 1949. Reassigned to the Atlantic Fleet on 1 May, "Benner" got underway the following day, transited the Panama Canal on 12 May and arrived at her new home port of Newport, R.I., on the 23rd. The destroyer operated out of there on normal peacetime duty with Destroyer Division 102 (DesDiv 102), conducting routine exercises in Narragansett Bay and making three reserve training cruises over the summer, visiting New London; Poughkeepsie; New York City; Washington, D.C.; and Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, Canada. In October and November, "Benner" participated in a bilateral amphibious landing exercise with units of the Canadian Navy on the coast of Labrador.
After another overhaul at Norfolk and a fourth reserve training cruise – this one to the West Indies between 24 February and 14 April 1950 – "Benner" embarked on her first Mediterranean deployment on 2 May. The destroyer visited Lisbon, Portugal; the island of Elba; and Naples, Italy; before steaming to La Spezia on 21 June. Following the North Korean invasion of South Korea on the 25th, "Benner" put to sea in case hostilities broke out in Europe. She operated in the eastern Mediterranean for the next three months – visiting such ports as Istanbul, Turkey; Beirut, Lebanon; and Argostoli, Greece – before coming home to Newport on 10 October.
Over the next five years, the destroyer made three more of these Mediterranean cruises (20 March to 4 October 1951, 2 October 1952 to 4 February 1953, and 4 May to 28 September 1954). In the course of these missions, she visited ports in Spain, France, Italy, Greece, and Turkey. During the latter deployment, she also visited Algiers and Tangier in North Africa. Following each of these overseas tours, the destroyer made short reserve and midshipmen training cruises to the West Indies – mainly visiting Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; Culebra Island, Puerto Rico; and Kingston, Bermuda. The warship also conducted several NATO training exercises during this period. On 26 August 1952, she voyaged above the Arctic Circle east of Greenland to take part in Operations "Mainbrace" and "Longstep" before sailing to the Mediterranean in October of that year.
Following an overhaul at Philadelphia in early 1955, "Benner" participated in 14 to 27 March Operation "LantFlex 1" – an amphibious exercise off Newfoundland – and then made another summer midshipmen cruise, visiting Málaga, Spain; Plymouth, England; and Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; before returning to Newport on 4 August. In October and November, the destroyer sailed south to the Gulf of Mexico, conducting air defense exercises with land-based aircraft and making port visits to Corpus Christi, Texas, and Port Everglades, Florida. After the holiday leave period, "Benner" proceeded to the New York Naval Shipyard in Brooklyn for a modernization overhaul. This yard work, which included repairs to hull and frame damage she suffered during a late December hurricane, took place between 6 January and 21 May 1956.
1956–1959.
Reassigned to the Pacific Fleet in the spring of 1956, "Benner" departed Newport on 9 June and sailed south, transiting the Panama Canal on 18 June and mooring at her new home port at Long Beach, California, on the 28th. Assigned to DesDiv 91 on 26 August, the destroyer spent the next six months conducting refresher and type training in and around the San Diego operating area.
On 12 March 1957, the warship departed Long Beach on a regular deployment to the western Pacific for operations with the 7th Fleet. The destroyer crossed the Pacific via the southern route, stopping at Suva in the Fiji Islands between 25 and 27 March and at Melbourne, Australia, from 2 to 7 April. Proceeding northward, she refueled at Manus and Guam before arriving at Yokosuka, Japan, on 24 April. As one of the major functions of the 7th Fleet was to patrol the Taiwan Strait – part of the American commitment to secure Taiwan against communist attack – "Benner" spent most of this deployment screening carrier operations in this part of the region. While there, she visited Kaohsiung, Keelung, and Hong Kong as well as occasionally steaming north for upkeep at Yokosuka, Japan. The destroyer sailed for home on 27 August and arrived at Long Beach on 10 September.
Following a short leave period, "Benner" conducted local operations in the Long Beach area, maneuvers that were punctuated by tender availability and upkeep periods. Between 21 November 1957 and 10 March 1958, she underwent a routine overhaul at the Long Beach Naval Shipyard. This was followed by six weeks of refresher training in preparation for another Far East deployment.
Underway on 29 April, "Benner" first proceeded to Eniwetok Atoll in the Marshall Islands. There, she participated in "Operation Hardtack I" – a 35-detonation series of atmospheric nuclear tests designed to evaluate new types of weapons, the effects of high-altitude explosions, and the new Polaris missile warhead prototype. "Benner"s assignments during these tests included weather observations, search and rescue, and scientific equipment recovery. She also performed air operations center functions at Bikini Atoll. The destroyer then departed Eniwetok on 1 August and arrived in Yokosuka five days later.
After several weeks of screening carrier operations off Okinawa, "Benner" received orders to proceed south to Taiwan on 25 August. Two days previously, Chinese Communist artillery on the mainland had opened fire on Chinese Nationalist forces on the islands of Quemoy and Matsu. "Benner" joined what eventually became a six-carrier task force in the region and, over the next eight weeks, helped to protect supply convoys to the beleaguered Nationalist garrison on Quemoy until the crisis eased. After brief stops at Yokosuka and Midway, the destroyer returned to Long Beach on 21 November.
The warship spent the next seven months in the Long Beach area, either conducting local operations or in a tender availability and upkeep status. In June 1959 "Benner" visited Portland, Oregon as part of the Portland Rose Festival fleet. "Benner" commenced her third western Pacific tour on 17 July 1959, visiting Hong Kong, Kaohsiung, and Yokosuka in between tours on the Taiwan Strait patrol. She returned home to Long Beach for upkeep on 26 November.
1960–1970.
The destroyer continued this pattern of operations – routine exercises off the California coast in preparation for a deployment to the Orient which was then followed by an upkeep or overhaul period at Long Beach – for the next four and a half years. This pattern was broken in June 1962, when "Benner" entered the Long Beach Naval Shipyard for an eight-month Fleet Rehabilitation and Modernization (FRAM) overhaul. During this yard period, the destroyer received new sonar and anti-submarine warfare (ASW) weapons, including a Drone Anti-Submarine Helicopter. In addition, she was reclassified from a radar picket destroyer to a destroyer and was redesignated DD-807 on 15 November 1962. She returned to normal operations in May 1963 and, after a series of ASW exercises intended to test her DASH equipment, deployed to the western Pacific again on 20 February 1964. During this cruise, "Benner" participated in a Southeast Asia Treaty Organization (SEATO) exercise in the Philippines in May and a Taiwan Strait patrol in June before returning home to Long Beach on 12 August for an extended period of leave, upkeep, and local operations.
In April 1965, "Benner" and DesDiv 232 joined for seven weeks of refresher training in San Diego waters. Early in June, she embarked 35 midshipmen for a two-week training cruise in the Puget Sound area. In July, during a five-day shoot on the San Clemente Island range, "Benner" qualified for both day and night shore bombardment.
On 12 August, the destroyer got underway for a six-month tour of duty in the Far East. After a two-week stop in Hawaii for an ASW readiness evaluation, the warship continued on to Japan, mooring at Yokosuka on 23 September. On 12 October, "Benner" joined TF 77 for patrol and surveillance duties off the coast of Vietnam. Over the next three days, the destroyer carried out naval gunfire support missions off Quang Ngai before conducting a search and rescue (SAR) patrol in the Gulf of Tonkin. Following a week of recreation in Hong Kong, the warship set out for Taiwan on 10 November, and then operated out of Kaohsiung on the Taiwan Strait patrol. On 5 December, she proceeded north for a joint ASW operation with ships of the Republic of Korea (ROK) Navy and a visit to Chinhae, before steaming to Sasebo for the Christmas holidays. On 3 January 1966, the warship sailed south to Taiwan to conduct four weeks of patrols in the Taiwan Strait. Returning north to Yokosuka on 9 February, she got underway for home on the 18th, and moored at Long Beach on 3 March.
After six weeks of leave and upkeep, "Benner" underwent a regular three-month overhaul at the San Francisco Bay Naval Shipyard. Returning to Long Beach on 19 July, she spent the next three months preparing for her next Far Eastern cruise. After leaving Long Beach on 4 November, "Benner" participated in a joint American and Canadian ASW operation in Hawaiian waters where she was awarded the "Golden Plunger Award" for "sinking" during the exercise. Continuing on to Yokosuka late that month, the destroyer proceeded to the Gulf of Tonkin and, on 24 December, joined "Operation Sea Dragon", a logistics interdiction effort in the coastal waters of North Vietnam. "Benner" first action of the tour came when she fired upon three small logistic craft on 6 January 1967, damaging one before they escaped into coastal inlets. The next afternoon, the warship destroyed an enemy anti-aircraft battery. After a short period drydocked in at Subic Bay, the destroyer sailed to Hong Kong for rest and recreation on the 31st. She returned to routine "Sea Dragon" operations on 8 February.
The tempo of operations increased on 26 February when "Benner" joined up with and for a bombardment of the North Vietnamese coast. During that day, the warship fired seven missions – including two counter-battery actions – and received 116 enemy rounds close aboard. Although the destroyer was straddled twice by fire from Hon Matt Island, her counter-battery fire managed to silence the enemy guns. Over the next week, the destroyer conducted another 36 fire missions – firing off 1,281 5-inch rounds in the process – against enemy targets. After a two-week tender availability at Sasebo, Japan, "Benner" served a short stint in the Taiwan Strait before returning to Long Beach on 12 May. She spent the remainder of the year in leave, upkeep, and local operations.
"Benner" began 1968 with ASW refresher training out of San Diego and then deployed once more to Far Eastern waters. Arriving at Yokosuka on 29 May, she headed south to Vietnamese waters and duty as a naval gunfire support ship. Her first opportunity for action came on 26 June when she fired almost 900 5-inch rounds at Viet Cong troops in the Vũng Tàu area in support of "Operation Game Warden". Over the next three weeks, the destroyer also fired in the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) and in I Corps territory.
Steaming south for rest and recreation, "Benner" crossed the equator – and observed the traditional "shellback" initiation rites – to visit Port Swettenham in Malaysia between 26 and 29 July. Rejoining TF 77 on 1 August, she participated in ASW Exercise "Swift Move" before steaming to Sasebo on the 7th. Following two weeks of repairs alongside , "Benner" returned south for carrier screen duties in the Gulf of Tonkin. She finally returned home to Long Beach, via Yokosuka, on 9 November.
In a change of pace, "Benner" got underway on 3 January 1969 to provide three days of target services to submarines , , and . Following these exercises, she conducted local operations out of San Diego until moving into the Long Beach Naval Shipyard for an overhaul on 29 January. The destroyer received upgrades to her sonar system during this repair period. Returning to duty on 4 June, the crew then took "Benner" through a 10-week refresher training cycle.
On 30 July, a fuel oil fire broke out in the destroyer's after fireroom. Although the space was temporarily abandoned owing to the flames, the fire was brought under control and extinguished shortly thereafter. Under closer inspection, the damage proved light and new electrical cables and fixtures were installed at San Diego by 3 August. Returning to local operations the next day, "Benner" suffered another accident when she lost a remote-controlled DASH helicopter at sea.
Following a series of inspections and a tender availability, "Benner" departed Long Beach on 8 October for another Far Eastern deployment. After brief stops at Pearl Harbor, Midway, and Yokosuka, she arrived on "Yankee Station" on 13 November. With the prohibition against attacks on targets in North Vietnam in effect since 1 November, the destroyer's duties were limited to plane guard and ASW screen operations to protect TF 77's carriers as they attacked targets in Laos, South Vietnam, and Cambodia. Aside from brief diversions to cover – the primary sea-air rescue ship in the Tonkin Gulf – "Benner" spent the majority of this cruise screening on "Yankee Station".
After "Benner" returned home on 9 April, she fell victim to the drastic defense infrastructure budget cuts of the time to fund the war in Vietnam. Reporting to the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard in Bremerton on 29 August, the warship began inactivation preparations on 1 September. "Benner" was decommissioned on 20 November 1970, and her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 1 February 1974. Although authorized for sale to South Korea on 7 February 1974, the offer was refused on 14 March; and she was sold for scrapping to General Metals of Tacoma, Inc., Tacoma, Washington, on 18 April 1975.
Awards.
"Benner" received one battle star for her World War II service and five battle stars for service in the Vietnam War.

</doc>
<doc id="7014284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014284" title="Frank Haller">
Frank Haller

Frank Bee Haller (January 6, 1883 – April 30, 1939) was an American featherweight professional boxer who competed in the early twentieth century. He won a silver medal in Boxing at the 1904 Summer Olympics, beating fellow American Frederick Gilmore, but losing to Oliver Kirk in the final.
He was born in San Francisco, California and died in St. Louis, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="7014285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014285" title="Slender roughy">
Slender roughy

The slender roughy ("Optivus elongatus") is a fish of the family Trachichthyidae. Until 2004 when two new species were described, the slender roughy was believed to be the only species in the genus "Optivus". The slender roughy is found in the southwestern Pacific Ocean around New Zealand at depths between . Its length is up to standard length or overall total length.

</doc>
<doc id="7014294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014294" title="Optivus">
Optivus

Optivus is a fish genus from the family Trachichthyidae found from near the surface to depths of in the southwest Pacific Ocean off Australia ("O. agastos" and "O. agrammus") and New Zealand ("O. elongatus").
Species.
The currently recognized species in this genus are:

</doc>
<doc id="7014296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014296" title="USS Benner (DDR-807)">
USS Benner (DDR-807)



</doc>
<doc id="7014298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014298" title="DNO ASA">
DNO ASA

DNO ASA (OSE: DNO) is a Norwegian oil and gas operator focused on the Middle East and the North Sea. Founded in 1971 and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange, the Company holds stakes in onshore and offshore licenses at various stages of exploration, development and production in the Kurdistan region of Iraq, Norway, the United Kingdom and Yemen.
About DNO.
DNO is Norway's oldest oil company and the first to list on the Oslo Stock Exchange in 1981. During the last two decades, the company's focus has shifted from the North Sea to the Middle East region.
In 2004, DNO was the first international oil company to enter the Kurdistan region of Iraq, at a time when the Kurdish region's oil industry was virtually non-existent. The company began production from its flagship Tawke oil field in Kurdistan in 2007 – just two years after the start of exploration activities. The neighboring Peshkabir field was brought on production in 2018.
DNO is now the leading international operator in Kurdistan in terms of production (more than 110,000 barrels of oil per day in 2017) and reserves (the Tawke and Peshkabir fields together hold more than 500 million barrels of proven and probable reserves).
The company also re-entered the North Sea in 2017, acquiring offshore exploration licenses in Norway and the United Kingdom. This has since expanded to include the Norwegian Sea and the Barents Sea.
In April 2024, DNO ASA, with partners including OKEA ASA, announced the advancement of the Brasse field development in the North Sea, with plans for a tie-back to the nearby Brage platform and a projected start of production in the first half of 2027. The field, expected to be renamed Bestla, holds an estimated 24 million barrels of recoverable reserves and could contribute 10,000 boepd net to OKEA at peak production, with operation potentially extending beyond 2031.
Operations.
Kurdistan region of Iraq.
DNO entered the region in 2004 and now has a leading position in reserves and production.
Norway.
DNO re-entered Norway in 2017 through the acquisition of Origo Exploration and now holds twenty-one licenses on the Norwegian Continental Shelf.
United Kingdom.
DNO entered the United Kingdom in 2017 through the acquisition of Origo Exploration and now holds three licenses on the UK Continental Shelf.
Yemen.
In 1998, DNO entered Yemen, the company's first foray into the Middle East.
Board of directors.
Bijan Mossavar-Rahmani - Executive Chairman.
Bijan Mossavar-Rahmani is an experienced oil and gas executive and has served as DNO's Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors since 2011. Mr. Mossavar-Rahmani serves concurrently as Executive Chairman of Oslo-listed RAK Petroleum plc, DNO's largest shareholder. He is a member of the nomination and remuneration committees.
Lars Arne Takla - Deputy Chairman.
Lars Arne Takla has extensive experience from various managerial, executive and board positions in the international oil and gas industry. He was elected to DNO's Board of Directors in 2012 and is a member of the HSSE committee.
Elin Karfjell - Director.
Elin Karfjell is Managing Partner of Aelika AS and has held various management positions across a broad range of industries. Ms. Karfjell was elected to DNO's Board of Directors in 2015 and is a member of the audit committee.
Gunnar Hirsti - Director.
Gunnar Hirsti has executive experience from various managerial, executive and board positions in the oil and gas industry as well as the information technology industry in Norway. He was elected to DNO's Board of Directors in 2007 and is a member of the audit and remuneration committees.
Shelley Watson - Director.
Shelley Watson began her career as a reservoir surveillance and facilities engineer with Esso Australia in its offshore Bass Strait operation. She has served on DNO's Board of Directors since 2010 and is a member of the audit committee.
Criticism from the National Contact Point.
The Norwegian National Contact Point concluded in 2018 that DNO had not met the expectations expressed in the OECD Guidelines on prior notice and consultation with the employees of DNO Yemen in connection with suspension of the company's Yemeni operations in 2015. The key issue in the complaint concerned lack of prior notice and consultation between DNO and the employee representatives in Yemen in connection with collective dismissals and suspension of production in the war-like situation that prevailed in 2015. The complaint also concerned the question of whether DNO had obstructed the workers’ right to organize and collective bargaining in Yemen, and the validity of dismissals as part of the downsizing process.
Industri Energi had for some time tried to help the workers of DNO Yemen after having received desperate appeals from the workers who were sacked by text messages and e-mails when the company withdrew from the country, and not been given the wages and benefits they were entitled to. Still the workers have not received the compensation they legally are entitled to according to court decisions in Yemen.

</doc>
<doc id="7014306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014306" title="Optivus elongatus">
Optivus elongatus



</doc>
<doc id="7014309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014309" title="Ecdysis (disambiguation)">
Ecdysis (disambiguation)

Ecdysis is the moulting of the exoskeleton in arthropods and other animals.
Ecdysis may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7014310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014310" title="USS Benner">
USS Benner

USS "Benner" has been the name of more than one United States Navy ship, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7014315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014315" title="Frederick Garfield Gilmore">
Frederick Garfield Gilmore

Frederick Garfield Gilmore (May 22, 1887 – March 17, 1969) was an American featherweight professional boxer who competed in the early twentieth century. He won a bronze medal in Boxing at the 1904 Summer Olympics, losing to Frank Haller in the semi-final.
He was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. He lived at least part of his life in Cook County, Illinois with his wife, Lempi Riippa. He died in Melrose Park, IL.

</doc>
<doc id="7014316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014316" title="Nemesis 2">
Nemesis 2

Nemesis 2 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7014325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014325" title="Det norske oljeselskap">
Det norske oljeselskap



</doc>
<doc id="7014326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014326" title="Bihor, Romania">
Bihor, Romania



</doc>
<doc id="7014327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014327" title="MF 88">
MF 88

The MF 88 (; ) is a steel-wheel variant of electric multiple units used on Paris's Métro system. RATP contracted a consortium of manufacturers, with Ateliers du Nord de la France in charge of the project. 
They were built following successful tests of a prototype train-set called the "BOA", derived from the MF 77, which tested new features such as open gangway connections between cars to improve passenger distribution and special bogies to reduce friction caused by the sharp curves found in the Métro network. The MF 88 introduced a number of innovations in its time, including AC induction motors and an on-board computer system using a new standard integrated computing architecture. It is planned for the MF 19 CC rolling stock to replace the MF 88 in 2026.
Design.
Carrying on the features of the BOA, a total of nine MF 88 train-sets were built, which have only ever operated on Line 7bis in a three-car formation. It was the first model with AC motors, supplied by GEC Alsthom, as opposed to DC and with interconnecting gangways. The MF 88 was also the first to adopt a new computing architecture, developed by TechnicAtome, over relay-based systems used in older Paris Metro rolling stock. It also introduced an independent-wheeled steering axle design, but this turned out to cause several problems for RATP and was not adopted in subsequent Paris Metro rolling stock.
It was also the last model not newly built with automatic announcements and with user-activated doors (all subsequent models, as well as more recently the MF 77s on Line 13, have had all doors open at once). The high rate of wear-and-tear of the train-sets has made maintenance much more expensive than expected. The independent-wheeled steering axle design was found to be problematic and was causing excessive wear on the track. This is because of a design flaw in the chassis, where each intermediate bogie only has one axle, similar to a typical car, bus, some rubber-tyred trains (although the rubber-tyred lines of the Paris Métro use the typical 2-axle bogies), or certain railbuses, but unusual for a more “standard” railcar, especially one powered by electricity.
Formations.
As of 1 September 2022, eight MF 88 trainsets were in service and were formed as shown below. One trainset was scrapped in 2013.
As of 1 March 2022, eight trainsets are allocated to Pré Saint-Gervais depot for use on Line 7bis.

</doc>
<doc id="7014333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014333" title="Thomas Killam">
Thomas Killam

Thomas Killam (February 8, 1802 – December 15, 1868) was a Nova Scotia shipbuilder and political figure. He represented Yarmouth as an Anti-Confederate member from 1867 to 1868.
Biography.
Early life.
He was born in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia in 1802, the son of a shipbuilder there, and built his first ship, a schooner, in 1839. He built a number of ships for the fisheries and owned or part-owned about 60 ships by 1865. He was also involved in the trade of goods between North America and Britain. In 1837, Killam became a director of the Yarmouth Marine Insurance Association; he was also a director of the Bank of Yarmouth from 1863 to 1868 and of the Yarmouth Academy.
Political career.
He was elected to the General Assembly of Nova Scotia for Yarmouth County in 1847 as a Reformer and served on the public accounts committee as a member and later chairman. He opposed public ownership of utilities; he was part of a private group that took over ownership of the Nova Scotia Electric Telegraph Company and opposed Joseph Howe's plans for a government-funded railway in the province. In 1851, Killam was reelected as a Reformer opposed to the Reform government's policies and, in 1855, he was elected to the assembly as a Conservative. He supported the development of municipal government in the province; Yarmouth incorporated in 1856, but then requested that its active of incorporation be repealed in 1858 because of higher taxes. He opposed railway expansion within the province and opposed Confederation.
In 1867, Killam was elected to the House of Commons; he supported the removal of Nova Scotia from the union and remain fixed in that opinion until his death in Digby in 1868.
Personal life.
Killam was married twice: to Sophia Corning in 1823 and to Elizabeth Gale Dudman in 1841. His son Frank was elected to his father's seat in the House of Commons as a Liberal in an 1869 by-election.

</doc>
<doc id="7014335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014335" title="Czech and Slovak Union of Zoological Gardens">
Czech and Slovak Union of Zoological Gardens



</doc>
<doc id="7014345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014345" title="Russell van Horn">
Russell van Horn

William Russell van Horn (July 30, 1885 – March 11, 1970) was an American lightweight boxer who competed in the early twentieth century. He was born in Pennsylvania and died in Wickenburg, Arizona.
In 1904, van Horn won a bronze medal in the lightweight class. In November 1905, the AAU disqualified the second placed Jack Egan from all AAU competitions and he had to return all his prizes. Therefore, van Horn moved up to silver.

</doc>
<doc id="7014346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014346" title="List of zoo associations">
List of zoo associations

This is a partial list of zoo and aquaria associations:

</doc>
<doc id="7014350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014350" title="NR-413">
NR-413

The NR-413 is a Belgian trip wire activated anti-personnel stake mine. The main body of the mine is wine bottle shaped, with an NR 410 tripwire fuse screwed into a fuse well on the top of the mine. Under the fuse well is a detonator and a row of booster pellets. Wrapped around the detonator and booster pellets is the main charge. An internally square cross-sectioned steel wire is coiled around the outside of the mine, which give a fragmentation effect. The mine produces 600 fragments with a velocity of approximately 1,660 metres per second. It has an effective range of around 15 metres. A variant is produced with a cast steel fragmentation jacket.
The mine is normally mounted on a metal stake.
The four wires protrude from the top of the NR 410 fuse, each of which has a ring attached for fixing to tripwires. A safety pin protrudes preventing the mine being triggered while it is handled. Once the mine is armed pull pressure on any of the wires raises a central collar inside the fuse releasing a small retaining ball, allowing the striker to detonate the mine.
The mine is found in Chad, Lebanon, Rwanda, Somalia, Uganda, the Western Sahara.
A copy of the mine is produced in Portugal as the M421.

</doc>
<doc id="7014354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014354" title="Hangar 18 (song)">
Hangar 18 (song)

"Hangar 18" is a song by American thrash metal band Megadeth from their 1990 studio album "Rust in Peace". The song was inspired by a mythical building purportedly located at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton, Ohio, where an alien spacecraft or bodies were supposedly stored. The song reached number 25 on the Irish Singles Chart, also reached number 26 on the UK Singles Chart.
Art.
The cover of "Rust in Peace", the album on which the song appears, depicts the band's mascot, Vic Rattlehead, and a number of world leaders viewing an alien in a cryogenic chamber, a clear reference to the track. Both the album's cover and single art were designed by the same artist, Ed Repka.
Music.
"Hangar 18", which was originally titled "N2RHQ" ("into our headquarters"), was one of a handful of Megadeth songs written for Dave Mustaine's first band, Panic. A unique feature about the song is that the bass uses a different tuning from the two guitars, the bass being in Drop D while the guitars are in standard tuning.
Sequel.
A sequel to "Hangar 18", called "Return to Hangar" was included on Megadeth's ninth album "The World Needs a Hero". It tells the fictional story of the life-forms said to be contained in Hangar 18 coming back to life and killing those inside the building before escaping.
Recognition.
"Hangar 18" was nominated for Best Metal Performance at the 34th Annual Grammy Awards.
The song won a Concrete Foundations Award for Top Radio Cut at the 1991 Foundations Forum.
Music video.
The "Hangar 18" video is themed after the song's lyrical concept. It depicts the torture of aliens and, at the end, shows all the band members in freezing chambers. The video was shot at the Scattergood Generating Station. It was filmed in one of the main power generating buildings and it was directed and produced by Primetime Emmy Award Winning Visual Effects Supervisor, Paul Stephen Boyington, Some of the performances and the visual effects for the video were created and produced at Boyington's visual effects studio in Culver City CA. Paul S. Boyington also created the visual effects for Tim Burton's film "Ed Wood". Coincidentally, the band would film the video for "Crush 'Em" on this same site nine years later. An edited version of "Hangar 18" is typically shown on MTV2 which has the song length cut down drastically. During the intro to the video the song "Dawn Patrol" from the "Rust in Peace" album can be heard in the background.

</doc>
<doc id="7014356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014356" title="Harry Spanjer">
Harry Spanjer

Henry John Spanjer (January 9, 1873 – July 16, 1958) was an American lightweight and welterweight boxer who competed in the early twentieth century.
He was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan and died in St. Petersburg, Florida. The correct spelling of his name is "Spanjer" nevertheless many sources misspell his name as "Spanger".
In the lightweight category of the 1904 Summer Olympics he defeated fellow American Jack Egan in the final to win a gold medal but took silver in the heavier welterweight category.
He won two medals in Boxing at the 1904 Summer Olympics, one of only a four boxers to capture more than one medal in the same Olympics. George Finnegan, Charles Mayer, and Oliver Kirk, who also competed in St. Louis, were the others.

</doc>
<doc id="7014358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014358" title="Transverse tubular system">
Transverse tubular system



</doc>
<doc id="7014361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014361" title="Thupstan Chhewang">
Thupstan Chhewang

Thupstan Chhewang (born 1 September 1947) is an Indian politician who was a member of the 14th and 16th Lok Sabha representing the Ladakh constituency in the former state of Jammu and Kashmir.
Early life.
He was born in Shey to Shey Lonpo] Sonam Tsephel, an aristocrat, who chose to serve the poor by imparting education to them, and Princess Norzin Wangmo, great-great-great-granddaughter of Tsepel Tundup Namgyal, the last independent ruler of Ladakh and sister to the 19th Kushok Bakula, aunt to Galdan Thripa Thupstan Nyima, younger sister to Princess Rigzin Wangmo, grand niece to the 18th Bakula and first cousin to Princess Tsering Dolkar of Leh Khangsar. He completed his primary education until class 5th from his native village and after that Kushok Bakula Rinpochey his uncle, took him with himself to Kashmir for studies. There he used to put up at Rainawari in Pandit Nehru’s house. Back then the students of officers working in the Secretariat also used to shift to Jammu, with the annual Durbar move so during winters he would to attend Model Academy School Jammu and during summers Tyndale Biscoe School in Srinagar. Bakula Rinpochey took around 16 students to Sarnath Varanasi at Mahabodhi Intermediate College from where he did his matriculation in 1962. In 1967, he completed his graduation from Delhi University in law.
Personal life.
He is married into the royal family of Ladakh. His wife, Princess Sarla Chewanng is the eldest daughter of King Chhosgyal Kunzang Namgyal and sister of the present King Jigmet Namgyal. He has a son and a daughter. He practices Buddhism.
Political career.
He began his career as a political activist in the year 1972, when he along with some other youths organised a protest when Syed Mir Qasim visited Ladakh and was imprisoned for twenty days. He spearheaded the agitations for inclusion of the Ladakhis as Scheduled Tribes, autonomy for the region demanding the status of Union Territory for Ladakh. He served as the President of the Ladakh Buddhist Association from 1988 to 1995. He became the first Chief Executive Councilor of the local autonomous administrative body, Ladakh Autonomous Hill Development Council, Leh when elections were held for the first time in 1995. Later he formed the Ladakh Union Territory Front in year 2000. In 2004 he contested for, and won, the 14th Lok Sabha Elections as an LUTF candidate. He again won the 16th General Elections in 2014 on a BJP ticket defeating his nearest rival by a margin of just 36 votes.
He resigned from Lok Sabha in November 2018, and quit Bharatiya Janata Party citing disagreements with the party's leadership.
In 2021, he was elected as the President of the Ladakh Buddhist Association.
Ancestry.
He is the great-great-great-great-grandson of Tsepel Tondup Namgyal, last independent ruler of Ladakh on his mother's paternal side. He is related to kings of Zangla on his mother's maternal side since his maternal grandmother, Princess Yeshes Wangmo was the daughter of King of Zangla. He is the nephew of The 19th Kushok Bakula and great-grandnephew of the 18th Kushok Bakula. He is the first cousin of Galdan Thripa Thupstan Nyima, head of the Rizong Monastery. His wife is the daughter of King Kunzang Namgyal and Queen Diskit Wangmo. His wife is his fourth cousin as King Kunzang Namgyal is his mother Princess Norzin Wangmo's third cousin.

</doc>
<doc id="7014365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014365" title="DHP receptor">
DHP receptor



</doc>
<doc id="7014368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014368" title="More Life in a Tramps Vest">
More Life in a Tramps Vest

"More Life in a Tramps Vest" is the second single released by Welsh rock band Stereophonics. The song is taken from the band's debut album, "Word Gets Around" (1997), and was released on 19 May 1997. It reached number 33 on the UK Singles Chart. The song is about life from the view of someone working on a market stall in Aberdare, whilst all the shops were closing down. The single's B-side, "Raymond's Shop", is featured on Stereophonics' greatest hits compilation album "Decade in the Sun".
Music video.
The video shows various activities (such as shopping, riding a bus, playing football), but everyone has televisions for heads, which show many different things. The only people who don't have televisions for head are the band, who are shown performing in nearby Aberdare Market, where lead singer Kelly worked selling fruit and vegetables before the band were signed. The band then perform on traffic islands with traffic signs to nearby villages of Maerdy and Hirwaun.
Track listings.
All music was composed by Kelly Jones, Richard Jones and Stuart Cable. All lyrics were written by Kelly Jones.
CD 1
CD 2 - "Live EP"
7-inch vinyl

</doc>
<doc id="7014371" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014371" title="Jack Egan (boxer)">
Jack Egan (boxer)

Frank Joseph Floyd (who fought under name Jack Egan) (May 27, 1878  – March 15, 1950) was an American lightweight and welterweight boxer who competed in the early twentieth century.
Biography.
He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on May 27, 1878.
Egan competed in boxing at the 1904 Summer Olympics, where he participated in two separate weight classes. Eagn earned a silver medal in the lightweight category, losing to Harry Spanjer in the final. He tied for the bronze medal in the welterweight category against fellow American boxer, Joseph Lydon. By the rules of the AAU it was illegal to fight under an assumed name. In November 1905, the AAU disqualified Egan from all AAU competitions and he had to return all his prizes including his two Olympics medals.
He died on March 15, 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="7014372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014372" title="M421 mine">
M421 mine



</doc>
<doc id="7014375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014375" title="Hib-Tone">
Hib-Tone

Hib-Tone is an American recording label, based in Atlanta, Georgia, founded by Jonny Hibbert, a law student at Woodrow Wilson College of Law, in 1981. The label has released eight records, including a full-length album by the band RF and the Radar Angels. The most recent release is by singer-songwriter Noёl Hamilton.
The label is notable because it released R.E.M.'s debut single "Radio Free Europe" and its B-side "Sitting Still". "Radio Free Europe" was re-recorded and released on the band's first full-length album, "Murmur". "Sitting Still" was remixed by Mitch Easter and also included on "Murmur". The mix produced by Hibbert and engineered by Easter of the "Hib-Tone" version of "Radio Free Europe" was subsequently released on R.E.M.'s 1988 compilation album "Eponymous". The original Hibbert mixes of both songs were collected on 2006's "And I Feel Fine... The Best of the I.R.S Years 1982–1987".

</doc>
<doc id="7014377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014377" title="Membrane resting potential">
Membrane resting potential



</doc>
<doc id="7014379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014379" title="Coleraine fc">
Coleraine fc



</doc>
<doc id="7014380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014380" title="Spanger">
Spanger



</doc>
<doc id="7014384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014384" title="Voltage-gated">
Voltage-gated



</doc>
<doc id="7014385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014385" title="Secret Garden (disambiguation)">
Secret Garden (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="7014393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014393" title="Chaudhary Lal Singh">
Chaudhary Lal Singh

Chaudhary Lal Singh (born 2 February 1959) is an Indian politician from Jammu and Kashmir. He was Minister for Forest, Environment, Ecology of J&amp;K in PDP-BJP coalition government in J&amp;K. He represented the Basohli in Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly.
He was Founder Chairman and his wife Smt. Kanta Andotra (Ex.MLA) is President of the Dogra Swabhimaan Sangathan Party.
Political career.
Singh started his political career as a student leader. He was elected as MLA from Basholi constituency in 1996 J&amp;K Assembly elections. He was re-elected as MLA from Basohli constituency in the 2002 J&amp;K Assembly Elections. He was inducted into the state cabinet as "Minister for Health and Medical Education" in Congress-PDP coalition government. After that he was elected as MP in 14th Lok Sabha in 2004 from Udhampur constituency. He was again elected as MP from there in the 15th Lok Sabha in 2009.
Change in political affiliation.
In August 2014, Singh parted ways with Congress after being denied ticket as Congress candidate during 16th Lok Sabha elections. He formally joined Bhartiya Janata Party in presence of BJP President Amit Shah at a function in Kathua. He resigned as cabinet minister in 2018 and left BJP. Later, formed his own party "Dogra Swabhimaan Sangathan Party".
On 20 March 2024, he joined Indian National Congress.
CBI probe against Chaudhary Lal Singh.
CBI initiates probe into education trust run by former J&amp;K Minister Chaudhary Lal Singh. HC stays re-investigation of this case.
Controversy.
In 2018 he was accused of supporting of the accused rapists in the Kathua Rape and Murder case. Singh defended his attendance at the rally, stating that he was there to "defuse the situation". Nonetheless, Singh resigned as a result of the controversy. He stood by his demand of CBI enquiry for justice to the victim and held large rallies for this demand.

</doc>
<doc id="7014395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014395" title="Electrotonic">
Electrotonic



</doc>
<doc id="7014401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014401" title="Ionic channels">
Ionic channels



</doc>
<doc id="7014404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014404" title="Transport Accident Investigation Commission">
Transport Accident Investigation Commission

The Transport Accident Investigation Commission (TAIC, ) is a transport safety body of New Zealand. It has its headquarters on the 7th floor of 10 Brandon Street in Wellington. The agency investigates aviation, marine, and rail accidents and incidents occurring in New Zealand, with a view to avoid similar occurrences in the future, rather than ascribing blame to any person. It does not investigate road accidents except where they affect the safety of aviation, marine, or rail (e.g. level crossing or car ferry accidents).
Mandate and functions.
It was established by an act of the Parliament of New Zealand (the Transport Accident Investigation Commission Act 1990) on 1 September 1990. TAIC's legislation, functions and powers were modelled on and share some similarities with the National Transportation Safety Board (USA) and the Transportation Safety Board (Canada). It is a standing Commission of Inquiry and an independent Crown entity, and reports to the minister of transport.
History.
Initially investigating aviation accidents only, the TAIC's jurisdiction was extended in 1992 to cover railway accidents and later in 1995 to cover marine accidents.
In May 2006, the Aviation Industry Association claimed too often the organisation did not find the true cause of accidents, after TAIC released the results of a second investigation into a fatal helicopter crash at Taumarunui in 2001. The commission rejected the criticism, CEO Lois Hutchinson citing the results of a March 2003 audit by the International Civil Aviation Organization.
Ron Chippindale, who investigated the Mount Erebus Disaster, was chief inspector of accidents from 1990 to 31 October 1998. He was succeeded as chief investigator of accidents by Capt. Tim Burfoot, John Mockett in 2002, Tim Burfoot again in 2007, Aaron Holman in 2019, Harald Hendel in 2020, and Naveen Kozhuppakalam in 2022.

</doc>
<doc id="7014420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014420" title="Madan Lal Sharma">
Madan Lal Sharma

Madan Lal Sharma (22 April 1952 – 23 December 2020) was an Indian politician.
Sharma was born in a Dogra Brahmin family in Jammu. He represented the Jammu-Poonch Loksabha constituency of Jammu and Kashmir from 2004 to 2014 and was a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party.
He also contested the 2014 Lok Sabha Elections on Congress ticket but was defeated by the BJP candidate Jugal Kishore Sharma.
He died in 2020 after testing positive for COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in India.

</doc>
<doc id="7014427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014427" title="Cheapside, Berkshire">
Cheapside, Berkshire

Cheapside describes a close triangle of roads in the civil parish of Sunninghill and Ascot and ecclesiastical parish of Sunninghill in the Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead in Berkshire, England which includes a school and had a Methodist chapel. It is a cluster of houses, bungalows and cottages. It is marked on maps as the area north and east of Silwood Park and south of Sunninghill Park. Harewood Lodge followed by Titness House to its immediate east are of similar 18th century construction and have sometimes been recorded as in the Cheapside locality.
Geography.
The bulk of this neighbourhood of Sunninghill has a less sandy soil, thus a tradition of mixed farming supporting its market hence its name, (the Anglo-Saxon word for a market is a "cheap". It is throughout at lower altitude than the mainly 18th century built-up village south of the church forming the heart of Sunninghill. In the south-east it has the west shore of Virginia Water Lake.
Cheapside is centred east of the centre of Ascot, one of Europe's main venues in horse racing. East is the southern part of Windsor Great Park which has denser pockets of tall trees; Sunninghill has remains of its forest throughout — Sunninghill Park was part of Windsor Forest until King Charles I sold it to Thomas Carey in 1630. The area is dotted with artificial feeder ponds or lakes to the Bourne which rises at multiple sources in the area.
Amenities.
The main public amenity is Cheapside (C of E) primary school, since the mid-20th century, a large building on a 2-acre site, having been directly south historically. The local pub is the Thatched Tavern; dated to, at least, the late 17th century and Grade II listed.
Religion.
The area has for more than eight centuries been a neighbourhood in the north of the Anglican parish of Sunninghill. Its church replaced a forerunner on the site (about half a mile south of Cheapside) built in about 1120 and may have had earlier predecessors.

</doc>
<doc id="7014429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014429" title="Houses of Parliament (disambiguation)">
Houses of Parliament (disambiguation)

The Houses of Parliament is the Palace of Westminster, the meeting place of the House of Commons and the House of Lords of the United Kingdom.
Houses of Parliament may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7014430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014430" title="N-Octyl bicycloheptene dicarboximide">
N-Octyl bicycloheptene dicarboximide

"N"-Octyl bicycloheptene dicarboximide (MGK 264) is an ingredient in some common pesticides. It has no intrinsic pesticidal qualities itself, but rather is a synergist enhancing the potency of pyrethroid ingredients. It is used in a variety of household and veterinary products.
MGK 264 is starting to appear on pesticide monitoring lists by states legalizing and mandating pesticide monitoring in medical and recreational cannabis. This is most likely due to the very large amounts of pyrethroids that are used in cannabis monitoring lists and the likelihood of MGK 264 usage to maximize yield.

</doc>
<doc id="7014431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014431" title="No man's land, cornwall">
No man's land, cornwall



</doc>
<doc id="7014433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014433" title="Samuel Berger (boxer)">
Samuel Berger (boxer)

Samuel Berger (December 25, 1884 – February 23, 1925) was an American heavyweight boxer who won the first Olympic Gold Medal in heavyweight boxing in 1904, competed as a professional, and acted as a promoter and manager for heavyweight Jim Jeffries in the first two decades of the 20th century.
Early life and amateur career.
Berger was born in Chicago, Illinois, on December 25, 1884, to a Jewish family of Polish descent. His father Reuben was a cigar merchant. Berger joined the Olympic Club in San Francisco when he was 16 years old and was also a member of the South End Rowing Club. In 1901 he took the amateur middleweight championship of the Pacific Coast at only seventeen, and the following year won the amateur heavyweight championship. Berger had 40 amateur fights, most of which were won by knockout.
Winning the first Heavyweight Gold Medal in boxing, St. Louis Worlds Fair, 1904.
He won the first gold medal in Boxing at the 1904 Summer Olympics, as heavyweight boxing had not earlier been featured in the Olympics. Berger defeated William Michaels in the semi-finals of the St. Louis Olympics and Charles Mayer, the middleweight champion, in the finals to take the Olympic Gold Medal. Having only eleven countries competing, the Olympic competition was not nearly as competitive as today, and occurred largely as an entertainment for the St. Louis World's Fair.
Boxing career.
Amateur boxing career.
In one of his first fights on May 14, 1902, Berger defeated Andy Gallagher in a third round technical knockout at the Olympic Athletic Club in San Francisco. Berger defeated Jack Joyce on July 10, 1902, in a four round points decision at the Mechanic's Pavilion in San Francisco as part of the Aerial Rowing Club. The match was part of the competition for Heavyweight Championship of the Pacific Coast. Berger seemed to land more blows, taking the Pacific Coast Championship, and Joyce did not appear to have trained adequately for the event.
Berger defeated George Sullivan in a fourth round knockout at Mechanic's Pavilion in San Francisco on January 19, 1904. A right and left to the head put Sullivan to the mat for good in the fourth. A short left hook dropped Sullivan as early as the first round, and he was down four times in the second, though several times purely to escape punishment, and he continued to fight back. Sullivan led decisively in the third landing punches almost at will. In the fourth, Sullivan clinched with frequency, and Berger was able to pummel him with left hooks after every break. Sullivan was unable to rise to the canvas after his fourth round knockout and was assisted to his corner by his seconds.
On May 25, 1904, Berger was defeated by William Rodenbach in a four round unanimous decision at the Mechanics Pavilion in San Francisco. The fight was billed as a heavyweight amateur championship. Berger had his best showing in the first and part of the second rounds, but afterwards, Rodenbach had the best of the fighting. Rodenbach was the American middle and heavyweight amateur champion.
Professional boxing career.
On February 17, 1905, Berger defeated Jim Casey in a first round knockout at Woodward's Pavilion in San Francisco. The bout could be considered Berger's professional debut. Berger sent Casey to the mat with a swift right uppercut to the jaw. When Casey arose, a series from both fists ended the bout only two minutes into the first round.
Berger knocked out Joe Long in the third of four rounds in San Francisco on March 3, 1905. Berger knocked long to the mat for nine seconds in the second round. He put Long to the mat once more, before Long arose, and was put to the mat a third time. Long's seconds protested that he was not down a full ten seconds, so Long came out for the third round, and was put to the mat for the final time by Berger with a stiff blow to the jaw.
Berger defeated Bill Rickard in San Francisco on March 16, 1905, by a knockout only 1:23 into the first round. He first dropped Rickard for a short count, and put him to the mat for good with a left right combination to the jaw.
Important bout with light heavyweight champion "Philadelphia Jack O'Brien", July 1906.
On July 16, 1906, Berger fought six no-decision rounds in Philadelphia with the 1905 Light Heavyweight champion Philadelphia Jack O'Brien. Newspapers accounts varied as to who won the bout. The "New York World" and "Philadelphia Inquirer" came out heavily for Berger, but the "Washington Post" considered the match a draw. The match, due to its large audience and the excitement it generated, was considered to be the most noteworthy of Berger's professional career. In the second and third, Berger opened a cut on O'Brien's left eye, but O'Brien scored with solid lefts to the chin of Berger at many points in the bout. The "Los Angeles Times" considered the fighting close, but gave a slight edge to O'Brien, who may have landed more telling blows, though Berger was the aggressor through much of the bout even in the fifth, when O'Brien landed frequently with his powerful left to the chin of Berger. The "Times" gave five rounds to O'Brien, though they considered several rounds to be quite close. Both boxers were bloodied by the second round. The referee needed to separate them frequently, as they clinched to retain their endurance and escape the blows of their opponent.
In another important bout, Berger took a beating and lost to Al Kaufman in a tenth round technical knockout on October 31, 1906, in San Francisco's Dreamland Pavilion. The scheduled 20 round fight was stopped in the tenth when Berger's seconds threw up the sponge. Kaufman was down twice in the third from blows by Berger, once with a right to the jaw for a count of nine at the round's opening and once with a left to the jaw for another count of nine, but Kaufman had a small but decided edge in the remaining rounds. Kaufman's constant jabs, particularly with his left during the infighting, tired Berger till his seconds were forced to concede in the tenth. The loss ended Sam Berger's career as a boxer.
Life outside boxing.
He was married to Etta Friedman Berger.
In October 1907 Berger was appointed boxing instructor at the University of California. During this time he worked as both a promoter and referee for various boxing competitions. After his boxing career, he became a successful businessman, holding interest in a high end clothing store in San Francisco, run by his two brothers Nat and Maurice. He also reported on boxing matches for the "San Francisco Call". He returned to the Olympic Club, which he had been required to resign as a professional, and headed up sports programs there.
In 1909 Berger faced heavyweight champion Jim Jeffries in at least five exhibitions in Pennsylvania and New York, and had two exhibition with him in California in 1910. At the time, Jeffries was one of highest paid vaudeville attractions in the United States, having retired undefeated as Heavyweight champion, and Berger's management of Jeffries was a lucrative proposition. He managed Jeffries for his fight in Reno, Nevada against black heavyweight champion Jack Johnson on July 4, 1910. As quite a profitable affair, the "Fight of the Century", drew 20,000, and fetched over $100,000 to divide between Berger, various trainers and support personnel, and Jeffries, whose cut was $60,000.
He had been in ill health for about a year before he died in San Francisco on February 23, 1925, at age 40. Perhaps a greater success at the business of refereeing and promoting boxing than competing, he died with a fortune equivalent to a million dollars today. Berger, who was Jewish, was inducted into the International Jewish Sports Hall of Fame in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="7014434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014434" title="Nomansland (Devon)">
Nomansland (Devon)



</doc>
<doc id="7014435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014435" title="10 K form">
10 K form



</doc>
<doc id="7014438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014438" title="Early Cats and Tracks">
Early Cats and Tracks

Early Cats and Tracks is the fourth EP released by electronica band Psapp. Unlike the band‘s other EPs, "Early Cats and Tracks" was released exclusively as a digital download through the iTunes Store rather than on vinyl record. The EP is often overlooked, possibly due to its digital distribution, and the fact that the only new track on the album is "In My Head". The band did not announce plans to release the EP on a more conventional format (such as CD or Vinyl).
Personnel.
Psapp
Additional personnel

</doc>
<doc id="7014444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014444" title="Queen's High School, Dunedin">
Queen's High School, Dunedin

Queen's High School is a state single-sex girls' secondary school in Dunedin.
It is located at the southern end of the city close to the boundary between the suburbs of St Clair and Forbury, next to the parallel single-sex boys' school, King's, with which it shares some facilities.
Pat Harrison (later Dame Pat) was principal of the school from 1975 to 1994.
Notable people associated with Queen's include drama teacher Terry McTavish and alumna chemical engineer Gretchen Kivell.
Enrolment.
As of , the school has roll of students, of which (%) identify as Māori.
As of , the school has an Equity Index of , placing it amongst schools whose students have socioeconomic barriers to achievement (roughly equivalent to decile 5 and 6 under the former socio-economic decile system).

</doc>
<doc id="7014452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014452" title="City of Glasgow Council">
City of Glasgow Council



</doc>
<doc id="7014453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014453" title="Dj bobo">
Dj bobo



</doc>
<doc id="7014455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014455" title="Bang Music hour">
Bang Music hour



</doc>
<doc id="7014459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014459" title="Square (the band)">
Square (the band)



</doc>
<doc id="7014461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014461" title="Standard Bank Cup">
Standard Bank Cup



</doc>
<doc id="7014467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014467" title="Manabendra Shah">
Manabendra Shah

Lt. Col. Maharaja Manabendra Shah (26 May 1921 – 5 January 2007) was a member of the 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 10th, 11th, 12th, 13th and 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Tehri Garhwal constituency of Uttarakhand and was a member of the Indian National Congress before joining the Bharatiya Jan Sangh and later the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He became one of the BJP's longest-serving members. Shah was India's ambassador to Ireland from 1980 to 1983.
Shah was also the last ruling Maharaja of the Garhwal Kingdom (1946–1949), when Tehri Garhwal princely state acceded to independent India on 1 August 1949.
He served as an Honorary Lieutenant Colonel in the Bengal Engineer Group (formerly, the King George V's Own Bengal Sappers and Miners Group, Royal Indian Engineers and prior to that, the 1st Prince of Wales Own Bengal Sappers and Miners).
Education and personal life.
He was born to Maharaja Narendra Shah Sahib Bahadur and Maharani Indu Matt Devi.
He studied at Government College, Lahore and ICS Camp, Dehradun (Uttarakhand).
He was also the Patron of the Badrinath and Kedarnath Temples, President of the Temple Board of Management, Tehri Garhwal, Trustee of the Maharaja Narendra Shah Trust and the Maharaja Kirti Shah Trust.
His interests include reading, photography and travelling.
He was a sports enthusiast and member of the following sports clubs: Cricket Club, Gymkhana Club, Golf Club, Army Golf Club, National Sports Club, Royal Western India Turf Club, and Rotary Club.
Parliamentary contributions.
During his long parliamentary career, he served on various Committees as follows:
Family in politics.
His daughter-in law Mala Rajya Laxmi Shah was elected to Lok Sabha from the same seat in 2012.
His son-in-law, Mahendra Singh Mewar, had led a yatra with Atal Bihari Vajpayee in Mewar. Mahendra was elected to the Lok Sabha from Chittorgarh in the 1989 Indian general election from BJP with a record winning margin of over 1,90,000 votes. He moved to Indian National Congress and contested from Chittorgarh Constituency and lost to Jaswant Singh of the BJP and then from Bhilwara Constituency where he lost to Subhash Chandra Baheria in 1996 Lok Sabha elections.
His grandson Vishvaraj Singh Mewar is the Bharatiya Janata Party candidate from Nathdwara constituency for the 2023 Rajasthan Legislative Assembly Elections.
Death.
He died on 5 January 2007 in New Delhi after a long illness, and was accorded a state funeral at Narendranagar, Tehri-Garhwal on the 7 January 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="7014472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014472" title="William Michaels">
William Michaels

William Mayes Michaels (July 13, 1876 – 1934) was an American professional heavyweight boxer who competed in the early twentieth century. He was born in Alcoa, Tennessee. Michaels won a bronze medal in Boxing at the 1904 Summer Olympics losing to Charles Mayer in the semi-finals.

</doc>
<doc id="7014474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014474" title="StraussElite">
StraussElite



</doc>
<doc id="7014476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014476" title="Juilliard Drama School">
Juilliard Drama School



</doc>
<doc id="7014478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014478" title="Zhu Biao, Crown Prince of Ming China">
Zhu Biao, Crown Prince of Ming China



</doc>
<doc id="7014480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014480" title="Cricket World Cup 2007">
Cricket World Cup 2007



</doc>
<doc id="7014490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014490" title="MTN Domestic Competition">
MTN Domestic Competition



</doc>
<doc id="7014496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014496" title="Opencvs">
Opencvs



</doc>
<doc id="7014500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014500" title="Matthew Perry (rugby player)">
Matthew Perry (rugby player)



</doc>
<doc id="7014506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014506" title="Mark Seagraves">
Mark Seagraves

Mark Seagraves (born 22 October 1966) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender for Liverpool, Norwich City, Manchester City, Bolton Wanderers and Swindon Town.
Career.
Seagraves was born in Bootle. He began his playing career with Liverpool. He came through their youth system and won England Youth caps. However, he was unable to break into Liverpool's first team. He made two appearances for the club, both in cup matches. His debut came in the first leg of the 1985–86 League Cup semi-finals, against Queen's Park Rangers, when he deputised for the injured Gary Gillespie. He made one further appearance in an FA Cup tie against York City, but after Gillespie recovered, Seagraves never again featured in the Liverpool team. He spent a short spell on loan at Norwich City F.C. during the 1986–87 season and made three appearances for "The Canaries".
Early in the 1987–88 season, Mel Machin signed Seagraves for Manchester City, then in the Second Division, for a transfer fee of £100,000. He made his debut the following Saturday, when he came on as a substitute for Paul Lake in a 2–0 home defeat at the hands of Leeds United. He made 14 starts in the 1987–88 season, mostly deputising for Kenny Clements. He was the first-choice right back in the first half of the 1988–89 season, in which City gained promotion to the First Division, but his season was ended in February by a cracked vertebra. His first team opportunities were limited the following season. A brief opportunity arrived after Machin was sacked in November 1989. Still, Seagraves made just two appearances before new manager Howard Kendall brought in Alan Harper as a new right-back. His final Manchester City appearance came on 9 December 1989 against Southampton. In September 1990 he was transferred to Bolton Wanderers for £100,000.
Whilst at Bolton Seagraves played in the 1995 Football League Cup Final. Seagraves went on to play for Swindon Town before moving into non-league football. He was appointed to his coaching position at Wigan in the summer of 2006. His manager at Wigan – Paul Jewell – was a teammate of Seagraves in the Liverpool FC youth team. In November 2007 he left Wigan to join Jewell at his new club Derby County.
On Monday 29 December 2008, Seagraves left his position as coach at Derby County after the resignation of Paul Jewell.
He linked up with Jewell for a fourth time when agreeing to become a scout for Ipswich Town in November 2011.
In May 2013 Seagraves began working in Delhi India, for a company called "India On Track" in conjunction with Arsenal Soccer Schools. He is working to create a structure within the Soccer Schools that will be sustainable and will ensure the future development of football and football players within India.
Post-playing career.
After his retirement from playing Seagraves ran "Football Faktory", a football school for children in India.
Honours.
Bolton Wanderers

</doc>
<doc id="7014510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014510" title="Bachi Singh Rawat">
Bachi Singh Rawat

Bachi Singh Rawat (1 August 1949 – 18 April 2021), was an Indian politician from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India and a 4 time MP. He represented the Almora constituency of Uttarakhand.
He had to shift base to Nainital for the 15th Lok Sabha, as Almora was designated a reserved constituency. He however lost the Election to K. C. Singh Baba (INC).
Rawat died on 18 April 2021, aged 71 due to COVID-19.
Early life and education.
Bachi Singh Rawat was born in Thapla village, near Ranikhet, Almora district.
He graduated in Law from Lucknow University and went on to get a master's degree in Economics from Agra University.

</doc>
<doc id="7014513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014513" title="`Ubaydullah">
`Ubaydullah



</doc>
<doc id="7014514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014514" title="Dutch Zoo Federation">
Dutch Zoo Federation

The Dutch Zoo Federation ("Nederlandse Vereniging van Dierentuinen" - NVD) is an association of 12 large zoos in the Netherlands. NVD was founded in 1966. All of its member zoos are members of the European Association of Zoos and Aquaria (EAZA).

</doc>
<doc id="7014515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014515" title="KP01 Danio">
KP01 Danio



</doc>
<doc id="7014516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014516" title="Sabu (disambiguation)">
Sabu (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="7014519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014519" title="San Lorenzo Maggiore, Naples">
San Lorenzo Maggiore, Naples

San Lorenzo Maggiore is a church in Naples, Italy. It is located at the precise geographic center of the historic center of the ancient Greek-Roman city, at the intersection of "via San Gregorio Armeno" and "via dei Tribunali". The name "San Lorenzo" may also refer to the new museum now opened on the premises, as well as to the ancient Roman market beneath the church itself, the Macellum of Naples.
The church's origins derive from the presence of the Franciscan order in Naples during the lifetime of St Francis of Assisi, himself. The site of the present church was to compensate the order for the loss of their earlier church on the grounds where Charles I of Anjou decided to build his new fortress, the Maschio Angioino in the late 13th century.
San Lorenzo is both a church and monastery and the new museum takes up the three floors above the courtyard and is given over to the entire history of the area that centers on San Lorenzo, beginning with classical archaeology and progressing to a chart display of historical shipping routes from Naples throughout Magna Grecia and the Roman Empire. The museum provides a detailed account of the local "city hall" that was demolished in order to put up the church in the 13th century and continues up past the Angevin period and into more recent history.
Beneath San Lorenzo, about half of an original Roman market has been excavated. The site has been open since 1992, the result of 25 years of painstaking excavation. The market place is the only large-scale Greek-Roman site excavated in the downtown area.
In this church Boccaccio met his beloved Fiammetta (1338).
The church and monastery now belong to the Conventual branch of the Franciscans.
Chapels.
Two of the chapels in this Gothic church are designed in baroque manner. These are the Cacace Chapel and the Chapel of Sant'Antonio. Both are designed by Cosimo Fanzago. The first of these chapels was commissioned by Giovan Camillo Cacace, lawyer and member of the "Accademia degli Oziosi"; while the latter chapel was made for the Carthusian Order. His use of richly colored inlaid marble contrasts with the more sober Gothic interior of the church.
Cacace Chapel.
The Cacace Chapel is dedicated to Mary of the Rosary when it was acquired by the De Caro family in 1571. Giovan Camillo Cacace, nephew of Francesco and Giuseppe De Caro, decided to renovate the chapel in the 1640s. He commissioned Fanzago for the realization, but other artists were invited as well. Four of the sculptures in this chapel were executed by Andrea di Bolgi, a sculptor from the Bernini studio in Rome. The sculptures include: to the left the whole figure of Giuseppe De Caro, kneeling, with below the bust of his brother, Francesco De Caro. To the right is the praying and kneeling figure of Vittoria De Caro, sister of Giuseppe and Francesco, and mother of the commissioner, Giovan Camillo. His bust is shown below Vittoria.
The cupola of the chapel is frescoed by Niccolò De Simone, who substituted the prior artist, Massimo Stanzione. It depicts the "Trinity" and "Glory of the Virgin", though the fresco is severely damaged and hardly visible nowadays. At the sides are the "Friendship between Saints Francis and Dominic" and the "Sleep of Innocent XIII Who Sees Saints Francis and Dominic rule over the ruined Lateran". The four pendants the painter depicted Saints "John the Baptist", "Joseph", "Anne" and "Joachim".
The altarpiece is painted by Massimo Stanzione and depicts the "Our Lady of the Rosary", a subject that became popular after the Council of Trent of 1563. His style annamolla of Caravaggio, though with brighter use of color and more attention to physiology.

</doc>
<doc id="7014525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014525" title="Privy Purse Bureau">
Privy Purse Bureau

The Privy Purse Bureau, known from 1948 to 2025 as the Crown Property Bureau (CPB), is a royal agency responsible for managing the property of the King of Thailand.
The Crown Property Bureau was originally set up following reforms to royal property following the abolition of absolute monarchy, which placed crown property—mostly investments and real estate holdings—under the control of the Ministry of Finance. In 1948, the CPB was set up as an independent juristic person, chaired by the Minister of Finance but operating outside the purview of the government, with its proceeds to be spent at the royal pleasure. During the reign of King Bhumibol Adulyadej (1946–2016), it was claimed that crown property does not belong to the king in his private capacity, but to the monarchy as an institution which continues from reign to reign. The bureau's unclear legal status, as an administrative agency of the state but not a government agency, was also subject to much legal analysis.
After the accession of King Vajiralongkorn, new laws were passed that put crown property within the king's personal ownership, and re-established the CPB as a royal agency with its chair appointed by the king. In 2018, the King was granted full, personal ownership of royal assets thought to be worth at least $70bn to as much as $130bn. In 2025, its name was changed to the Privy Purse Bureau, reverting to the title of its precursor during the absolute monarchy period.
Organisation and budget.
The CPB is headed by Director-General Air Chief Marshal Satitpong Sukvimol. CPB Property Co., Ltd. and CPB Equity Co., Ltd., both subsidiaries of the bureau, are headed by Michael David Selby, former partner of Business Advisory Indonesia and former employee of a United States government agency. During the late-1980s, the CPB had 600 employees, of which 90 percent were devoted to managing the bureau's massive real estate holdings. In 2004, the CPB recorded over five billion baht in earnings. The CPB reportedly controls more than US$37 billion in assets—some say as much as US$59.4 billion—that, according to Thai law, can be spent "at the king's pleasure."
Despite the wealth of the CPB, the royal family receives funds from the government for expenses. Around US$170 million annually in state funding covers the salaries of staff working in Bureau of the Royal Household and other palace offices, plus security provided for the royal family by police and armed forces. Public funds also cover the costs of many royal rural development projects. Separately, there is the "budget for the promotion of the dignity of the monarchy", which is granted to government offices for propaganda works. This came to US$438 million in 2015.
Background.
The Crown Property Bureau was established under the Royal Assets Structuring Act of 1936 and became a juristic person in 1948. According to the act, a Board of Crown Property was set up, to be chaired "ex officio" by the finance minister, and served by at least four royally appointed directors. The king names one of the board members as the director-general of the CPB. The Board of Crown Property is responsible for the overall supervision of the activities of the Crown Property Bureau. Duties and responsibilities of the director-general are prescribed by the Board of Crown Property.
Initially, the CPB was under the jurisdiction of the Royal Treasury of the Royal Household Bureau. On 21 April 1935, the 1934 act to exempt royal assets from taxation took effect. The act categorised royal assets into two types:
On 19 July 1937, the Royal Assets Structuring Act of 1936 became effective. It separated the royal assets into "His Majesty's personal assets", "crown property", and "public property". "His Majesty's personal assets" would be managed by the finance ministry. The CPB was set up with a status equivalent to a division under the treasury department of the finance ministry. Some of the functions, responsibilities, and officials were transferred from the Office of the Privy Purse to the Crown Property Bureau which sought permission to locate its office on the premises of the Office of the Privy Purse on the grounds of the Grand Palace in Bangkok.
The Royal Assets Structuring Act has been amended three times: the second amendment (1941) took effect on 7 October 1941, the third amendment (1948) was promulgated on 18 February 1948 when the CPB's status was then elevated to a juristic person responsible for supervising, preserving, and managing crown property. The CPB director-general is authorized to affix his signature on behalf of the bureau. In July 2017, under the new bill, King Vajiralongkorn will set up a board of directors to oversee his assets. The king is entitled to appoint the board members, as well as to remove them, at his discretion. The law prohibits the taking away of royal assets without the king's approval. Under King Bhumibol, the board of directors for the royal assets answered to the finance minister. Now it is independent of the government.
The Crown Property Bureau has moved its office four times, with Ladawan Palace (commonly referred to as the "Red Palace") having been its home since 18 July 1946. The anniversary of the CPB's establishment is marked on 18 February.
Mission.
The CPB claims to be responsible for protecting and managing the royal assets and property as well as supporting other activities for the benefit of Thai subjects and society. The Crown Property Bureau, however, is under no obligation to detail its holdings or how profits are spent.
Assets.
Real estate.
The CPB owns approximately of property throughout Thailand. The bureau owns 10 km2 in Bangkok, mainly in the city center. The specific tracts of land owned by the CPB in Bangkok have not been made public. Through its shares of Siam Cement Group and Siam Commercial Bank, the bureau received dividends from 2010 equivalent to more than US$200 million.
In central Bangkok, the CPB owns 10 km2 or 3,320 acres (estimates are contradictory) and another 13,200 acres elsewhere in Thailand. In 2008, the Bangkok holdings alone were estimated at US$31 billion in value. Historically, the bureau would rent the land cheaply to small shop owners and members of the lower class.
In 2010, aggregate income from property came to 2.5 billion baht (US$80 million at 2012 rates). Prime real estate includes CentralWorld, a shopping mall, and the nearby Four Seasons hotel. In total, the CPB says it has 40,000 rental contracts, of which 17,000 are in Bangkok.
The CPB renews tenant lease contracts every three years for rent rationalization and planned site development consistent with long-term city planning considerations. The CPB has the authority to assist tenants who are affected by floods or political unrest with rent and fee reductions.
With Bangkok's real estate values increasing in 2017, with average land prices projected to climb four percent, the CPB negotiated deals for some of its central Bangkok prime real estate:
Corporate social responsibility.
The CPB has expanded its diversified social projects such as temple restorations, and rice research and development with the Rice Department of the Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives.
"Youth development" is promoted jointly in partnership with the SCB and the SCG. The projects have been aimed at supporting the Ministry of Education for inculcating the king's "sufficiency economy" philosophy in the Thai school system and the establishment of the Nitasrattanakosin Exhibition Hall on Ratchadamnoen Avenue for Thai youth to learn, appreciate, and take pride in Thailand's artistic and cultural accomplishments of the Rattanakosin era. The CPB has supported numerous other projects such as scholarships for Thai youth.
Conservation.
In 2016, the CPB joined with the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration (BMA) to develop land near the Chao Phraya River to build Nagaraphirom Park, surrounding historical buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="7014527" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014527" title="Albert Young (boxer)">
Albert Young (boxer)

Albert Young (September 28, 1877 – July 22, 1940) was an American welterweight boxer who competed in the early twentieth century. He won a gold medal in boxing at the 1904 Summer Olympics.
Young was born in Lauterecken, German Empire in 1877.
Amateur career.
As an amateur boxer, Young captured the Olympic Gold Medal at 148 pounds, in the 1904 Olympic Games in St. Louis. Young was one of only four boxers, all Americans, who competed in this weight class. 85% of the athletes in total were Americans. Young defeated Harry Spanger in the final to win the gold medal.
Life After Boxing.
After he had quit boxing, became a promoter in his native San Francisco starting in 1906. Young initially worked at the Association Club, a small club where many Bay Area boxers got their start, before advancing on to bigger shows. In 1923, Young moved his promotional operations to National Hall, where he continued promoting entry level bouts.
After 10-round bouts were legalized at the start of 1925, Young would feature higher quality bouts, usually with a 10-round main event, while still maintaining his role as the starting place for young Bay Area boxers. During the 1920s, Young was also involved at the Golden Gate Arena in San Francisco.
Once the great depression hit, Young struggled to stay afloat, like many fellow promoters. He would promote much more sporadically during this period.
Young would continue promoting until his death in 1940 at National Hall in San Francisco, California. Young who suffered from anemia and ulcers, died after several unsuccessful blood transfusions. Many of the blood donations, came from former fighters that Young had promoted. He was survived by a wife and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="7014529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014529" title="Bishopric of Eger">
Bishopric of Eger



</doc>
<doc id="7014530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014530" title="K. C. Singh Baba">
K. C. Singh Baba

Rajadhiraj Karan Chand Singh Baba (born 29 March 1947) is current Maharaja of Kumaon also an Indian politician who was a member of the 14th and 15th Lok Sabha of the Parliament of India. He represented the Nainital-Udhamsingh Nagar constituency of Uttarakhand and is a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party.
He is a graduate of St.Joseph's College in Nainital. Currently he stays in Kashipur Fort, Kashipur.

</doc>
<doc id="7014533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014533" title="24P">
24P



</doc>
<doc id="7014538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014538" title="הרצליה">
הרצליה



</doc>
<doc id="7014540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014540" title="יצחק בשביס">
יצחק בשביס



</doc>
<doc id="7014541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014541" title="If You Go Down in the Woods Today">
If You Go Down in the Woods Today

If You Go Down in the Woods Today is a British TV film comedy released in 1981, written, directed and starring Eric Sykes, also featuring Fulton Mackay and Roy Kinnear amongst a cast of dozens. The film, produced by Thames TV, was described by Sykes as 'a comedy thriller, an Agatha Christie gone mad!'.
Plot.
A Boy Scout troop led by their scoutmaster (Sykes) is on a field trip to a seemingly-peaceful English woodland. However, the woods are actually teeming with strange characters, some of whom turn out to be disguised police officers and others criminals. The police are searching for £2,000,000 in stolen banknotes and hope that the criminals will lead them to them. The criminals, on the other hand, are aware that the police are looking for them and doing their best to avoid betraying the location of their stash. It later transpires that the money is just a smokescreen for a top-secret document that the gang's leader - actually a KGB officer - is trying to smuggle out of the country. Despite an escalation of security in which the police are eventually joined by the army, navy "and" air force, it is the scoutmaster's chaotic bungling that leads him to discover the money and flush out the ringleader. At the end it is revealed that the scoutmaster was in fact an undercover police officer and that his bungling was a ruse.

</doc>
<doc id="7014545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014545" title="יצחק בשביס זינגר">
יצחק בשביס זינגר



</doc>
<doc id="7014547" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014547" title="יצחק זינגר">
יצחק זינגר



</doc>
<doc id="7014548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014548" title="Marwa">
Marwa

Marwa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7014549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014549" title="Benjamin Spradley">
Benjamin Spradley

Benjamin Spradley (born 18 January 1879, date of death unknown) was an American middleweight boxer who competed in the early twentieth century. He won a silver medal in Boxing at the 1904 Summer Olympics. His feat, however, was achieved without a Spradley recording a single victory as there were only two entrants in the middleweight division of the Olympic boxing tournament in 1904. In the only bout in that weight classification, Spradley was knocked out in the third round by fellow American Charles Mayer.

</doc>
<doc id="7014551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014551" title="Chirayu Isarangkun Na Ayuthaya">
Chirayu Isarangkun Na Ayuthaya

Chirayu Isarangkun Na Ayuthaya (, , ; born 12 November 1942) is a Thai economist and court official. He has been the Director-General of the Crown Property Bureau and Grand Chamberlain of the Bureau of the Royal Household since 1987 and become Lord Chamberlain of the Royal Household in the end of 2016. Chirayu is an avowed proponent of the "sufficiency economy" philosophy that is promoted by King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
Background and education.
Chirayu was born in Bangkok. The Isarangkun family is a distant side branch of the ruling Chakri Dynasty. The particle "na Ayutthaya" indicates this distant royal ancestry. Chirayu's father Charunphan Isarangkun Na Ayuthaya was a diplomat, foreign minister, and member of King Bhumibol's Privy Council. Chirayu visited Bangkok's prestigious all-boys Saint Gabriel's College, before moving to the King's College School in Wimbledon, London, where he acquired his A-levels in 1960. Subsequently, he studied economics at the London School of Economics, receiving an Honours degree in 1964. He took a doctoral degree from the Australian National University in 1971.
Career.
From 1976 to 1979, Chirayu was the dean of the faculty of economics of the government-run National Institute of Development Administration (NIDA). Chirayu became Minister of Industry under Prime Minister Prem Tinsulanonda in 1985, and Minister to the Office of Prime Minister one year later. After he had taken a stand for a controversial tantalum factory in Phuket Province that was burnt down by furious locals who were afraid of hazardous wastes, Chirayu was confronted with allegations of corruption, that could however not been proven.
Later, King Bhumibol appointed him Director-General of the Crown Property Bureau (CPB), that is responsible for administering the immense royal assets. Moreover, the king appointed him as Grand Chamberlain of the Bureau of the Royal Household. He is member of the boards of directors of several companies in which the CPB is a principal shareholder. Since 1987 he has been President of the Board of Directors of Deves Insurance. During and after the Asian financial crisis, he was the President of the Board of Directors of Siam Cement — which is one of the biggest corporations of Thailand — from 1998 to 1999, and of Siam Commercial Bank — the country's second largest bank — from 1998 to 2007. Since 2007 he has again led the Board of Directors of Siam Cement.
Moreover, he has been Chancellor of the Council of NIDA since 1998. He manages several foundations under the auspices of the royal family, including the Sai Jai Thai Foundation (for wounded and disabled veterans), the Royal Project Foundation, and the Queen's Foundation of the Promotion of Supplementary Occupations (for farmers).

</doc>
<doc id="7014552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014552" title="2006-07 South African cricket season">
2006-07 South African cricket season



</doc>
<doc id="7014554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014554" title="Chirayu Isarangkul na Ayutthaya">
Chirayu Isarangkul na Ayutthaya



</doc>
<doc id="7014557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014557" title="Nederlandse Vereniging van Dierentuinen">
Nederlandse Vereniging van Dierentuinen



</doc>
<doc id="7014558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014558" title="Allen Drive">
Allen Drive



</doc>
<doc id="7014562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014562" title="Rudolf Schlesinger">
Rudolf Schlesinger

Rudolf Berthold Schlesinger (1909 – November 10, 1996) was a German American legal scholar known for his contributions to the study of comparative law, a discipline that examines the differences and similarities among the legal systems of nations.
Biography.
Schlesinger was the son of a lawyer and a relative of bankers. He was born in Munich, Bavaria, Germany, in 1909. His father was American, which is why Schlesinger acquired dual citizenship per jus sanguinis. As he was growing up, he exhibited especial intellectual abilities, but also a great interest for sports and art. He completed his doctoral thesis on commercial law, earning his degree in law from the University of Munich in 1933. He then worked as a lawyer for the bank that years before had been founded by his predecessors. He developed a background in finance while also helping German Jews transfer their assets out of the country in order to escape Nazi persecution.
In 1938, with the Nazi party gaining strength, Schlesinger, who was Jewish, emigrated to the United States. Soon, he enrolled in the Columbia Law School, where he became the first, and perhaps the only, non native English speaking editor of the Columbia Law Review. He graduated first in his class in 1942 and started working as an assistant to a New York Supreme Court judge. He briefly worked at Milbank, Tweed, Hadley &amp; McCloy, a renowned New York law firm; however, in 1948 he moved into academia and started teaching in the Cornell Law School, where he later became a professor of comparative law.
He also wrote important studies of civil procedure and international business transactions and directed a ten-year international research project on contracts.
In 1975 he left, as Professor Emeritus, and became a professor in the University of California's Hastings College of the Law, until his retirement in 1995. Schlesinger and his wife, Ruth Hirschland Schlesinger, both died on November 10, 1996, in San Francisco, California, an apparent double suicide.
Schlesinger and comparative law.
Schlesinger had an enormous impact on U.S. and European legal studies. Foremost was his pioneering 1950 book on comparative law, "Comparative Law: Cases, Text, Materials", which ultimately influenced two generations of readers. His arrival in the field during the early 1950s helped to give it both greater legitimacy and popularity in legal academia. His book "Comparative Law: Cases, Texts, Materials" (1950), written while Schlesinger taught at Cornell University, became a staple of law school curricula and entered its fifth edition in the late 1990s.
In 1955, working on behalf of the New York Law Revision Commission, he examined the important question of whether to codify commercial law. His study, "Problems of Codification of Commercial Law" (1955), paralleled the development of the Uniform Commercial Code. In 1995 the American Journal of Comparative Law published a tribute to Schlesinger that praised the brilliance of his "heroic work" and noted that its influence went beyond U.S. law: "Today's serious efforts to find and develop a unitary European private law is, consciously or unconsciously, a continuation of Schlesinger's effort."
In the 1960s Schlesinger launched the Cornell project on "Formation of Contract. A Study on the common core of legal systems" which deployed the entirely original methodology of the "factual approach" in comparative legal scholarship. The result of the Cornell seminars is a two-volume book published by Oceana in 1968 under Schlesinger's editorship. In 1993 Schlesinger's successor at Hastings Ugo Mattei together with Italian comparativist Mauro Bussani launched the "Common Core of European Private Law Project" deploying the Cornell factual approach to study European contract, property and tort law. The results of the common core project that "on the shoulders of Schlesinger" involves some two hundred scholars from all over the world are published in an ongoing series at Cambridge University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="7014563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014563" title="A Thousand Trees">
A Thousand Trees

"A Thousand Trees" is the third single released by Welsh rock band Stereophonics. The song is taken from their debut album, "Word Gets Around" (1997), and was released on 11 August 1997. It reached number 22 on the UK Singles Chart.
Background.
According to Kelly Jones, the song is about "a football coach who did some very untowards stuff with younger kids" and whose reputation was subsequently "basically burned to the ground". Reflecting on "A Thousand Trees" in an interview with "NME" in 2017, Jones said: "It was a very weird incident, when I look back at it now as a 43-year-old man, to put it into a song – if you want the truth. It’s obviously very personal to a lot of people. But it was basically about rumours in a very small environment crushing someone’s reputation".
Track listings.
All music was composed by Kelly Jones, Richard Jones and Stuart Cable. All lyrics were written by Kelly Jones except where indicated.
CD 1
CD 2 - "Acoustic EP"
7-inch vinyl

</doc>
<doc id="7014566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014566" title="List of Presidents of the Government (Spain)">
List of Presidents of the Government (Spain)



</doc>
<doc id="7014570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014570" title="Rajendra Kumar Badi">
Rajendra Kumar Badi

Rajendra Kumar Badi (born 10 October 1954) is an Indian politician and was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Haridwar constituency of Uttarakhand as a member of the Samajwadi Party (SP) political party
He joined the congress on 26 July 2021 in presence of Uttrakhand congress president shri Ganesh Godiyal and Devendra Yadav.

</doc>
<doc id="7014571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014571" title="Rentina Gorge">
Rentina Gorge

The Rentina Gorge () or Macedonian Tempe (Greek: Μακεδονικά Τέμπη) is a gorge in Rentina, Thessaloniki, Macedonia, Greece, named after Tempe (mod. pronunciation: "Tembi"), the long strip of gorges, hills and rivers in Thessaly.
The Rentina Gorge, located between Mount Cholomon and the Kerdylia mountains, lies just outside the major city of Thessaloniki and is a popular tourist spot during autumn, when the leaves change colour, and summer, when many people picnic there.

</doc>
<doc id="7014573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014573" title="Brampford Speke">
Brampford Speke

Brampford Speke ( ) is a small village in Devon, to the north of Exeter. The population is 419. It is located on red sandstone cliffs overlooking the river Exe. Its sister village of Upton Pyne lies to its southwest, and Stoke Canon is across the river, to the east. To the south is the hamlet of Cowley with its chapel of ease, which was formerly part of the ecclesiastical parish of Brampford Speke.
Brampford Speke has a Church of England parish church dedicated to St Peter. There is a primary school in the heart of the village near the river Exe, which was built as a national school in 1867. A baptist chapel was built near the school in 1894. The village also has a corner shop/tea room and a local pub, the Agricultural Inn (formerly the Lazy Toad). The village contains a number of fine houses, including the former landowner's Brampford House in the centre of the village and some traditional cob and thatch cottages and farmhouses.
History.
The village's name perhaps means 'bramble ford'. "Speke" is derived from the Anglo-Norman family "Espek" or "Speke" lords of the manor from the reign of King Stephen (1135–1154). The "Speke Chantry" in Exeter Cathedral contains the effigy of Sir John Speke (1442–1518) of Heywood in Wembworthy and Brampford Speke in Devon and of Whitelackington in Somerset. In 1815, the manor was purchased for the Northcote family, later Earls of Iddesleigh.
George Cornelius Gorham was recommended as vicar of the parish of Brampford Speke in 1847. However, when examined by the bishop of Exeter, Henry Phillpotts, he was declared to hold Calvinist views on baptismal regeneration. The bishop's decision was later overturned by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, and Gorham was instituted as vicar of Brampford Speke. The furore led some to abandon the Church of England to become Roman Catholics. As vicar, Gorham restored the church building, entirely rebuilding the tower, for which Bishop Phillpotts gave some money. The church's north aisle had been added in 1840. A marble tablet on the east wall of the south transept commemorates Gorham.
Railway Line.
Brampford Speke was served by the Exe Valley line of the Great Western Railway, which opened on 1 May 1885, until the Beeching Axe of 7 October 1963 closed its station. Both the old railway station and the old station house remain in residential use, and are situated across the river from the village. An iron footbridge over the river Exe connects a path from the school, down the cliff and across the meadow to the station. The current bridge is the third. The old railway embankment can be walked to Stoke Canon, whereas the line to Thorverton is now impassable due to collapsed bridges.
Notable residents.
The botanist Dr Richard Parnell FRSE (1810–1882) was born here.

</doc>
<doc id="7014576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014576" title="Oliver Danson North">
Oliver Danson North

Oliver Danson North (1887, Willesden Green — 11 November 1968, Haslemere) was a British engineer and automobile designer in the early twentieth century, working for Scammell Lorries from 1922.
Career.
He was responsible, most notably, for the Scammell Pioneer, a three-axle heavy truck, and the three-wheeled Scammell Mechanical Horse, which subsequently evolved into the Scammell Scarab, a familiar sight in cities and towns often engaged in postal and parcel deliveries. He was also heavily involved in Scammell's design and manufacture of the two 'SCAMMELL 100 Tonner' low-loader vehicles, delivered in early 1930 to Marston Road Services in Liverpool and H.E. Coley in Dartford, Kent. The vehicle delivered to Marston Road Services, known as KD 9168, was used for the delivery of steam locomotives from the manufacturers to Liverpool docks.
North Lucas.
In 1922 Ralph Lucas developed the North-Lucas Radial with Oliver North at the Robin Hood Engineering Works in Putney Vale. This time only one was built by the Chelsea Motor Building Co. The car had a streamlined aluminium bodied with a fabric roof. It was used by Ralph himself between 1922 and 1928, covering 65,000 miles in its lifetime.

</doc>
<doc id="7014583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014583" title="Joe Lydon (boxer)">
Joe Lydon (boxer)

Joseph Patrick Lydon (February 2, 1878 – August 19, 1937) was an American welterweight boxer who competed in the early twentieth century. He was born in Swinford, County Mayo, Ireland. He competed at the 1904 Summer Olympics, tying for a bronze medal in the welterweight division with fellow American boxer Jack Egan.
He also competed at the soccer tournament in the 1904 Olympics and his team Christian Brothers College took silver medals.

</doc>
<doc id="7014585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014585" title="Messiano">
Messiano



</doc>
<doc id="7014586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014586" title="Jack Eagan">
Jack Eagan



</doc>
<doc id="7014587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014587" title="Mathias Svensson">
Mathias Svensson

Johan Mathias Svensson (born 24 September 1974) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a striker. Starting off his career with IF Elfsborg in the mid-1990s, he spent most of his career in England before retiring at Elfsborg in 2008. A full international between 1997 and 2001, he won three caps for the Sweden national team.
Club career.
Svensson began his career with Elfsborg, and was their top scorer when they won promotion to Allsvenskan in 1996. Following his success, he moved to England in the same year to play for Portsmouth. He then moved to Crystal Palace and Charlton, and had a spell on loan with Derby County before joining Norwich in December 2003, making his debut for the Canaries in the East Anglian Derby against Ipswich Town at Portman Road.
Norwich paid an initial fee of £50,000 for Svensson, which rose to £300,000 when the Canaries won promotion at the end of that season. It took Svensson some time to find his form at Norwich and he came in for criticism from some City supporters. However, he began scoring goals towards the end of the season – including two in a 5–3 win at Burnley and a long range effort in a televised match against Wigan – and ended the season with a first division championship medal as The Canaries won promotion to the Premiership.
Svensson scored four times in Norwich's premiership season of 2004–05, including two in a 3–2 win against Bolton Wanderers. Norwich were relegated at the end of the season and a clause in Svensson's contract allowed him to move to a top flight club in another country in the event that such a club showed interest to him. IF Elfsborg offered Norwich £100,000 for Svensson, and he returned to the club where he began his career.
After his return to Elfsborg Svensson played his first Allsvenskan game on 4 July 2005 against Kalmar FF, and he scored the only goal of the game. The 2006 season was very successful for Svensson. He started all games and scored six goals, and at the end of the season he won the first title of his career, as Elfsborg were crowned Swedish champions. In 2008, he was forced to retire due to a knee injury. He remained at Elfsborg, with various duties.
International career.
Svensson made his full international debut for Sweden in a friendly 1–0 win against Israel on 12 March 1997, replacing Kennet Andersson in the 62nd minute. He appeared once for the Sweden B team on 21 May 1997, scoring the only goal in a 1–0 win against Poland. He made his competitive international debut for Sweden on 6 June 2001 in a 2002 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Moldova, replacing Magnus Svensson in the 83rd minute of a 6–0 win. In total, Svensson won three caps during an international career that spanned between 1997 and 2001.
Honours.
Norwich
IF Elfsborg

</doc>
<doc id="7014596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014596" title="Twin Mountain, New Hampshire">
Twin Mountain, New Hampshire

Twin Mountain is an unincorporated community within the town of Carroll in the White Mountains of New Hampshire, United States. It is named for two prominent summits which rise to the south of the village, North Twin Mountain () and South Twin Mountain ().
The village is located at the junction of U.S. highways 3 and 302, two major routes through the White Mountain notches. The Ammonoosuc River flows through the center of the village.
Twin Mountain has a separate ZIP Code (03595) from the rest of the town of Carroll.
Twin Mountain Airport lies southwest of the Route 3 / 302 junction. Opened in 1964, it has one runway (headings 9 and 27). Its FAA identifier is 8B2, and its height above sea level is . Its area control center is Boston Center, while its flight service station is Bangor, Maine. Its usage (as of 2019) is 60% transient general aviation and 40% local general aviation.

</doc>
<doc id="7014598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014598" title="Base exchanges">
Base exchanges



</doc>
<doc id="7014606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014606" title="Anterior olfactory nucleus">
Anterior olfactory nucleus

The anterior olfactory nucleus (AON) also called the anterior olfactory cortex, is a major early processing area for olfaction located behind the olfactory bulb, and in the olfactory tract (olfactory peduncle). The AON connects the olfactory processing centres of both hemispheres. 
It is involved in the sense of smell (olfaction), and has influence on other olfactory areas including the olfactory bulb and the piriform cortex. The AON is one of the major secondary structures of olfaction.
Structure.
The AON is found behind the olfactory bulb and in front of the piriform cortex (laterally) and olfactory tubercle (medially) in the olfactory tract (also olfactory peduncle) or retrobulbar area. The peduncle contains the AON as well as two other much smaller regions, the ventral and dorsal tenia tecta.
Function.
The AON plays a pivotal but relatively poorly understood role in the processing of odor information.
Odors enter the nose (or olfactory rosette in fishes) and interact with the cilia of olfactory receptor neurons. The information is sent via the olfactory nerve (CNI) to the olfactory bulb. After processing in the bulb the signal is transmitted caudally via the axons of mitral cells, and tufted cells in the lateral olfactory tract. The tract forms on the ventrolateral surface of the brain and passes through the AON, continuing on to run the length of the piriform cortex, while synapsing in both regions. The AON distributes the information to the contralateral olfactory bulb and piriform cortex as well as engaging in reciprocal interactions with the ipsilateral bulb and cortex. Therefore, the AON is positioned to regulate information flow between nearly every region where odor information processing occurs.
Components.
The AON is composed of two separate structures:

</doc>
<doc id="7014607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014607" title="James Carmichael">
James Carmichael

James Carmichael may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7014615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014615" title="Port Neches–Groves Independent School District">
Port Neches–Groves Independent School District

Port Neches–Groves Independent School District is a public school district based in Port Neches, Texas (USA). In addition to most of Port Neches, the district also serves most of the city of Groves, as well as portions of the neighboring city of Port Arthur.
It was originally named the Port Neches Independent School District but was later renamed.
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
Controversy.
The Port Neches–Groves Independent School District has a long history involving its continued use of their mascot, the Indians, despite years of controversy and calls of racism. Their drill team performs wearing decorative war bonnets, their chants include the words "Scalp 'Em, Indians", their yearbook is the "War Whoop", their newspaper is called "The Pow Wow news" and their stadium is called, "The Reservation."
In 2020, the Cherokee Nation requested that the school stop using their mascot, rescinding an outdated approval given to the school from 1980. Despite a nearly 150,000 signature petition requesting the name change, along with the request of the Cherokee Nation, the town voted to keep the mascot.
In 2022, the Indianettes were filmed performing at Walt Disney World. According to Disney, when the school sent their audition video for approval, the Indianettes were not included and the school was instructed that their members could not wear their war bonnets during the performance. Their inclusion was not approved by Disney and was a decision made by the school. During the performance at the park, the team shouted chants of "Scalp 'Em" and enacted simulated war dances.  The school has not issued a statement though many residents have defended their actions and stand by their refusal to change.
After the performance, Cherokee Nation's Principal Chief, Chuck Hoskin Jr, released a statement once again requesting that the school remove the mascot stating: "Port Neches-Groves Independent School District continues to use offensive and stereotypical depictions of our tribe, and this is yet again exampled by their cheer team recently in Orlando. For the past couple of years, we have written to the Port Neches superintendent and school board asking them to cease using this offensive imagery, chanting, symbolism and other practices in their school traditions as this does nothing but dishonor us and all Native American tribes who are making great strides in this country. School leaders need educating on cultural appropriateness, should apologize for continuing to ignore our requests to stop and need to make swift changes to correct these offensive displays across their school district."

</doc>
<doc id="7014618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014618" title="Maribyrnong Road">
Maribyrnong Road

Maribyrnong Road is a major road in northwestern Melbourne, Australia. Named after the Maribyrnong River, the road forms the boundary between the suburbs of Moonee Ponds and Ascot Vale for its entire length. It runs almost exactly east–west across the City of Moonee Valley, from the Maribyrnong River to Mount Alexander Road, another major road that links the city centre with the airport.
Route.
Maribyrnong Road starts at the eastern end of the Raleigh Road bridge over the Maribyrnong River and heads east as a four-lane, single-carriageway road, crossing the Craigieburn railway line, and supporting surface trams tracks until the intersection with Ascot Vale Road, where they turn north. The road continues a short distance east until it ends at the intersection with Mount Alexander Road; the road continues east as Ormond Road.
Melbourne tram route 82 runs east from the Raleigh Road bridge, to turn north along Ascot Vale Road, with the route 57 tram also sharing the tracks before turning south along Union Road.
History.
The Raleigh Road bridge, crossing the Maribyrnong River easterly and connecting directly to the western end of Maribyrnong Road, replaced two older bridges. Previously, road and tram traffic crossed the river on separate bridges: the former Raleigh Road bridge on a dog-leg alignment just to the north of the current bridge for vehicular traffic (designed by John Monash) dating from 1911, and a timber trestle bridge solely for trams crossing the river on a direct route dating from 1940, to serve the explosives factories on the western side of the Maribyrnong during WWII. While the trestle bridge was originally built only for trams, a gangway was bolted to the tram sleepers for pedestrian access, providing a short-cut from the neighbouring bridge for motorists (which had only one footpath). However, the council pushed for a replacement due to safety concerns, after reports of pedestrians falling through the trestles and drowning. Construction started in 1964, with the present-day bridge built in place of the old tram bridge, one abutment at a time, to in order to maintain tram services during construction, and the road bridge demolished afterwards. The new bridge, with seven spans long, carrying a roadway between kerbs with two footpaths, opened in 1967. A vestigial road alignment leading to the former Raleigh Road bridge survives as Anglers Way, on the western side of the river just to the north of the current bridge.
Maribyrnong Road was signed as Metropolitan Route 38 between Moonee Ponds and Ascot Vale in 1965. Metropolitan Route 37 runs concurrent along Maribyrnong Road from the Raleigh Road bridge over the Maribyrnong River to Orford Street 200m to the east.
The passing of the "Road Management Act 2004" granted the responsibility of overall management and development of Victoria's major arterial roads to VicRoads: in 2004, VicRoads re-declared the road as part of Ascot Vale-Keilor Road (Arterial #5864), beginning at the Maribyrnong River and ending at Mount Alexander Road in Ascot Vale. The road is still presently known (and signposted) as Maribyrnong Road along its entire length.
Due to the increasing amount of pedestrian and bicycle traffic over the Raleigh Road bridge, a $2.7 million project to widen the paths to 3 metres on each side of the bridge was started early January 2021, completed nearly two months later at the end of February 2021.
Major intersections.
Maribyrnong Road is entirely contained within the City of Moonee Valley local government area.

</doc>
<doc id="7014619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014619" title="Olfactory trigone">
Olfactory trigone

The olfactory trigone is a small triangular area in front of the anterior perforated substance.
Its apex, directed forward, occupies the posterior part of the olfactory sulcus, and is brought into view by throwing back the olfactory tract.
It is part of the olfactory pathway.

</doc>
<doc id="7014621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014621" title="Port Neches-Groves ISD">
Port Neches-Groves ISD



</doc>
<doc id="7014624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014624" title="Port Neches Groves Independent School District">
Port Neches Groves Independent School District



</doc>
<doc id="7014625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014625" title="Port Neches Groves ISD">
Port Neches Groves ISD



</doc>
<doc id="7014628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014628" title="Carlton Coon">
Carlton Coon



</doc>
<doc id="7014635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014635" title="Anders Petersen (boxer)">
Anders Petersen (boxer)

Anders Otto Petersen (16 December 1899 in Copenhagen, Denmark – 28 April 1966 in Copenhagen, Denmark) was a Danish flyweight professional boxer who competed in the 1920s. Known as "Vidunderbarnet (Wonder kid)", he won a silver medal in Boxing at the 1920 Summer Olympics, losing to American Frankie Genaro in the final. He was the first Danish boxer to win an olympic medal.
He had the nickname "Vidunderbarnet" (eng: the wonderkid), as he won the Danish Championship in 1917 at the age of only 15. He won the championship again in 1919 and 1920
He represented the clubs IK99 and Frederiksberg IF as an amateur. In 1921 he turned professional and represented Idrætshuset.
1920 Olympic results.
Below are the results of Anders Pedersen, a Danish flyweight boxer, who competed at the 1920 Olympics in Antwerp:

</doc>
<doc id="7014636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014636" title="World Association of Zoos and Aquariums">
World Association of Zoos and Aquariums

The World Association of Zoos and Aquariums (WAZA) is the "umbrella" organization for the world zoo and aquarium community. Its mission is to provide leadership and support for zoos, aquariums, and partner organizations of the world in animal care and welfare, conservation of biodiversity, environmental education and global sustainability.
History.
After the "International Union of Directors of Zoological Gardens" (IUDZG), founded in 1935 at Basel, Switzerland, ceased to exist during World War II, it was refounded in Rotterdam in 1946 by a group of zoo directors from allied or neutral countries. In 1950 IUDZG became an international organisation member of International Union for the Protection of Nature.
In 1991 the IUDZG adopted a new name, "World Zoo Organization", and revised its membership rules to include regional zoo associations.
In 2000 the organization got its current name, the "World Association of Zoos and Aquariums", to reflect a more modern institution working together at a global level. The association wants to build cooperative approaches to common needs, tackle common issues, share information and knowledge. WAZA also represents the zoo community in other international bodies such as the International Union for Conservation of Nature or at Conferences of the Parties to global Conventions, such as CITES, Convention on Biological Diversity or Convention on Migrating Species.
Organization.
All members of the WAZA network are obliged to comply with "WAZA's Code of Ethics and Animal Welfare", adopted by WAZA in 2003.
Members of the association include leading zoos and aquariums, and regional and national Associations of Zoos and Aquariums as well as some affiliate organizations, such as zoo veterinarians or zoo educators, from all around the world. Together they are 'United for Conservation'.
Members.
WAZA institutional members includes more than 250 zoos and aquaria.
In addition, about 1300 zoos are linked to WAZA through membership in one of the about 25 regional or national association members. 
Outside of the WAZA associations with direct memberships, there are also regional organizations who are members of the WAZA through an affiliated regional organization. 
Conservation.
WAZA-branding of "in situ" projects.
Members of the World Association of Zoos and Aquariums and the wider WAZA Network undertake or support thousands of "in situ", or combined "ex situ"-"in situ" projects. It is estimated that zoos, aquariums and zoo and aquarium associations jointly expend in excess of 50 million euros per year for such projects. Reintroduction and restocking projects have been undertaken with about 200 species. In addition, in situ activities include now often also educational programmes aimed at the local people and at the politicians, biological programmes (research and monitoring), socio-economic projects, social work among the local people, public relations activities and much more on a national and international scale – all in order to secure the conservation efforts far into the future.
Since these efforts are largely invisible to the general public, in 2003 WAZA started allowing organisations to request and use the WAZA brand on projects executed or supported by the WAZA constituency. Currently more than 150 projects around the world are WAZA branded.
The World Zoo and Aquarium Conservation Strategy.
In 1993, The World Zoo Organisation (IUDZG) and the Captive Breeding Specialist Group of The World Conservation Union (IUCN) published The World Zoo Conservation Strategy. That strategy defined, for the first time in a single document, the responsibilities and opportunities that the international zoo and aquarium community needed, in order to be fully involved in nature conservation. The pressures and threats to wildlife remain and have indeed increased. The need for help in conservation has intensified. It is therefore an opportune time for all zoos and aquariums to re-examine the ways and means by which they can consolidate and increase their support and involvement in conservation.
In 2005 a revised, second strategy, "Building a Future for Wildlife: the World Zoo and Aquarium Conservation Strategy", was published by the World Zoo and Aquarium Association (WAZA). This document reinforces and expands the overall themes of the first document and presents a vision of the roles that all zoos and aquariums can and must play in the conservation of wildlife and of their ecosystems. The 72-page document, which is the result of assistance and advice from over 350 people, is truly international in its scope and in its production.
The Strategy is aimed at all zoos and aquariums, however large or small, however rich or poor, and not just those that are members of WAZA. The Strategy provides a common philosophy for zoos and aquariums across the globe and defines the standards and policies that are necessary to achieve their goals in conservation. The 2005 Strategy will be of use and interest not to only zoo and aquarium people but to anyone concerned with biodiversity conservation and sustainable development.
The document begins with a supportive foreword from the Director General of The World Conservation Union (IUCN), and a preface by the President of WAZA and by the Chair of the WAZA Conservation Committee, that set out the genesis and production of the Strategy. The document comprises nine chapters, with each chapter having a summary, a vision statement, a main text, conclusions, and a series of recommendations. 
This Strategy will be used by individual zoos and aquariums, by national and regional associations, and by WAZA itself, as the basis for the development of action plans for the implementation of the recommendations.
The document is available today in English, German and Russian. Bahasa, French, Japanese and Polish versions, as well as Urdu, Hindi, Bengali or Bangla, Dari and Singala summaries are currently under preparation.
In 2009, the World Zoo and Aquarium Conservation Strategy (WZACS) was especially implemented for the international aquarium community in the document entitled "Turning the Tide: A Global Aquarium Strategy for Conservation and Sustainability".
International studbooks.
International studbooks for endangered and rare species are kept under the auspices of the World Association of Zoos and Aquariums (WAZA). In most cases, staff of WAZA member institutions serve as studbook keepers. The International Studbook Office is hosted by the Zoological Society of London, and a staff member of the WAZA executive office acts as International Studbook Coordinator. Within WAZA, the Committee on Population Management (CPM) is the body dealing primarily with studbook issues.
As of March 2008, there were 183 international studbooks including all subspecies and species that are kept as separate studbooks. Altogether, there are studbooks (international and regional) and/or breeding programmes for more than 850 different taxa.
Conservation breeding programs.
Conservation breeding programmes (such as the Species Survival Plan (SSP), established 1981, or the European Endangered Species Programme (EEP), established 1985) are typically organized at the level of the regional associations, in particular AZA and EAZA, because the exchange of animals between regions is expensive and - mainly due to veterinary restrictions - difficult. At its 2003 Annual Meeting, however, WAZA adopted a procedure for establishing interregional programmes, which may concern a number of species for which International Studbooks have been established.
Until today only few of the rare, endangered or extinct-in-the-wild species could be saved from complete extinction by keeping and breeding them in human care. But it may be well too early to really evaluate the contribution of zoos breeding programmes to the preservation of biodiversity.
Projects.
WAZA works in partnership with international organisations with a view to contribute to the conservation of biodiversity. 
Two examples of WAZA supported projects on the occasion of the International Year of the Gorilla 2009 are:
The Nouabalé - Ndoki Project in Democratic Republic of the Congo is supported by the WCS (USA), Toronto Zoo (Canada), La Palmyre Zoo (France), La Vallée des Singes (France), USAID (CARPE program), USFWS, and FFEM. Since the early 90s, WCS aims to help conserve biodiversity in Congo by working with the government, local communities and private sector partners to adopt a landscape scale management approach, establishing and maintaining a network of well-managed protected areas,
including the Nouabalé - Ndoki National Park.
Conservation of the Cross River gorilla in Nigeria, implemented by Kolmarden Foundation, the Great Ape Trust of Iowa (Iowa Zoo), Columbus Zoo, Zoo Boise, supported by Wildlife Conservation Society (Bronx Zoo), Great Ape Conservation Fund (US Fish and Wildlife Service), African Great Apes Programme (WWF), Margot Marsh Biodiversity Foundation, Berggorilla and Regenwald Direkthilfe, North Carolina Zoo.
The Cross River gorilla project in Nigeria has four main
components:
Education.
WAZA provides interactive, structured educational workshops, classes, and resources tailored to meet the specific needs of groups, zoos and aquariums and contribute to learning and understanding as part of local and national curricula frameworks. Many zoos now have an education department, a classroom, and full-time educational officers.
WAZA encourages all of its staff to participate in local, national, regional and international networks such as the International Zoo Educators Association (IZEA) and its regional groups.
Secretariat.
A permanent Executive Office has been established in October 2001. The Office was located in the centre of Bern, Switzerland at this time. From May 2010 to September 2018, the WAZA Executive Office was situated in the heart of IUCN's newly built Conservation Centre in Gland, Switzerland. The permanent executive office of WAZA is currently located in the city of Barcelona, Spain.
Under a MOU it provides also secretariat support to the International Zoo Educators Association (IZEA).

</doc>
<doc id="7014637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014637" title="Dawn Penn">
Dawn Penn

Dawn Penn (born 11 January 1952) is a Jamaican reggae singer. She first had a short career during the rocksteady era from 1967 to 1969, but she is most known for her single "You Don't Love Me (No, No, No)", which became a worldwide hit in 1994.
Career.
Penn's early recordings were composed and written by her around 1966 using session musicians. In 1967, she recorded the rocksteady single "You Don't Love Me", produced by Coxsone Dodd at Studio One. She also recorded "Why Did You Lie?" at Studio One, "Broke My Heart" for Bunny Lee, "I Let You Go Boy" and covers of "To Sir with Love" and "Here Comes the Sun". Penn also recorded for singer and producer Prince Buster early in her career with songs like "Long Day, Short Night", "Blue Yes Blue" and "Here's the Key". By 1970, Penn had left the music industry and had moved to the Virgin Islands. However, she faced racism there, and in 1987, she returned to Jamaica and to music.
In the summer of 1992, she was invited to appear on stage at a Studio One anniversary show, where she performed the song "You Don't Love Me" with Steely &amp; Clevie as backing musicians. The performance was a success, and she returned to the recording studio to re-record the song for the tribute album "Steely &amp; Clevie Play Studio One Vintage". It was released as the single "You Don't Love Me (No, No, No)" over a year later, reaching the charts in the U.S. and Europe, hitting #1 in her native Jamaica, and making #3 in the UK Singles Chart. Penn's album "No, No, No", was released on Big Beat Records in 1994.
"You Don't Love Me (No, No, No)" has been sampled and covered by the artists Kano, Hexstatic, Jae Millz, 311, Ghostface Killah, Mims, Eve featuring Stephen Marley, and Damian Marley. Their versions were renamed as "No, No, No", except for Ghostface's, which was named "The Splash", and 311's "Omaha Stylee".
Penn performed at the Drum in Birmingham, England, in April 2006, and, in the same year, she was on the bill at the Uppsala Reggae Festival in Sweden. In 2011, Penn released a music video for the song "City Life", directed by Antoine Dixon-Bellot. On 30 June 2013, Penn performed "You Don't Love Me (No, No, No)" at the BET Awards. In 2014, The Lee Thompson Ska Orchestra released the single "Bangarang" featuring Penn on lead vocals, and she appeared in the official video to accompany the single. Penn joined the Ska Orchestra on stage to perform the track on Halloween night 2013, at The Jazz Café in London's Camden Town. Penn also appeared with Thompson and backing singer Darren Fordham on Jools Holland's 2013/2014 "Hootenanny" and again at the Glastonbury Festival in 2014.
Penn features on the track "Crocadillaz" alongside De La Soul on Gorillaz's 2023 studio album "Cracker Island".

</doc>
<doc id="7014640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014640" title="Battle of Moreuil Wood">
Battle of Moreuil Wood

The Battle of Moreuil Wood (30 March 1918) was an engagement of World War I that took place on the banks of the river Avre in France, where the Canadian Cavalry Brigade attacked and forced the German 23rd Saxon Division to withdraw from Moreuil Wood, a commanding position on the river bank. While the Germans ultimately succeeded in recapturing the wood by the battle's end, the delay caused by the Allies contributed to the halt of the Spring Offensive. During the battle, a Victoria Cross was awarded to Canadian Gordon Flowerdew of Lord Strathcona's Horse.
Background.
By March 1918, the three years of stalemate seen in the First World War on the Western Front were about to end.
Russia had departed from the war thanks to the Bolshevik Revolution and peace negotiations, the United States had not yet established a strong fighting force in Europe, and the French Army had suffered heavily, and had disbanded many divisions in order to keep others fully manned. This left the British forces as the most formidable on the Western Front, but they had vital reinforcements withheld by the Prime Minister David Lloyd George, who was concerned that the British Expeditionary Force commander, Field Marshal Sir Douglas Haig, would feed them into a slaughter like those of 1916 and 1917.
With divisions freed up by the winding-down of the Eastern Front and victory against the Italians at Caporetto, General Erich Ludendorff of the German High Command thought the time ripe for a successful offensive. Much of the German Army in the west consisted of worn-out "trench" divisions, but the spearhead German divisions were fully manned, well equipped, and experienced. Three German armies (2nd, 17th and 18th), would break through the weakest section of the Allied lines, the areas of the British 5th and 3rd Armies. On 21 March 1918, at 04:00 and under the cover of a heavy artillery barrage, the German offensive began. The British, part of whose defences was a 40-kilometre-long stretch of poorly prepared trenches recently taken over from the French, were quickly forced to withdraw.
On 23 March the German forces broke through to the village of Ham, and the 3rd Cavalry Division, commanded by Brigadier-General A.E.W. Harman, was ordered to the village of Bouchoire along with 200 men from the Canadian Cavalry Brigade. As the German advance moved onwards, the newly formed force fought actions at Cugny, Villeselve, La Neuville-en-Beine and Beaumont-en-Beine. On 26 March, the enemy broke through the lines, and Allied forces began a withdrawal with the force under Harman conducting rearguard actions. By this time, the German advance had penetrated up to into Allied positions; however, by this time supply lines were beginning to be stretched, and Ludendorff diverted his objectives and thus lost some momentum of his attack while he attempted to drive a wedge through between British and French forces.
By 30 March the attack was renewed; however, by this time the Allied forces had rallied and received reinforcements. By the morning of 30 March, the German 23rd Saxon Division had occupied the Moreuil Woods overlooking the river Avre and controlling the Amiens–Paris railway.
Battle.
At 08:30 on 30 March, General Seely and his aides travelled towards the Moreuil Woods from where his forces were stationed on the other side of the River Avre, with orders to cross the river and delay the enemy advance as much as possible. At 09:30, upon reaching the wood, having received fire from German forces that were occupying it, Seely ordered The Royal Canadian Dragoons to send sections to protect the village of Moreuil, while other sections were to seize the northeast corner of the wood itself. While this was being undertaken, Lord Strathcona's Horse was ordered to occupy the southeast face of the wood and disperse any German units found there (both the Royal Canadian Dragoons and Lord Strathcona's Horse were two units making up the Canadian Cavalry Brigade).
The remaining squadrons of the Canadian Cavalry Brigade (the Fort Garry Horse) were ordered to enter the wood from the northwest, and sweep through it towards the eastern face where Lord Strathcona's Horse was awaiting them. After being driven back from their first assault by machine gun fire, the cavalry units dismounted and proceeded to attack a second time with fixed bayonets, driving German forces from the edge of the wood and into its centre. Hand-to-hand fighting broke out in several locations with swords and pistols as Allied forces fought through the German 101st Grenadiers, who became disorganised and demoralised.
Inside the Moreuil wood.
As Canadian cavalry fought through the wood, they were channelled eastwards by German machine gun fire. Simultaneously, units of the Royal Canadian Dragoons were forced to wheel into the woods at the north due to German attack. This battle quickly became a series of separate engagements due to the nature of the battlefield, with units separated and dispersed inside the German formations, and the fact that horses were ineffective in the woodland led to the pace of the battle slowing down considerably.
By this time, the remainder of the 3rd Cavalry had crossed the river and was distributed around the wood to support various Canadian forces currently engaged with German forces, many of these reinforcements were instructed to dismount before entering the battle. At this time, units from Lord Strathcona's Horse were formed into scouting teams of around ten men each and sent to discover details about the enemy forces and positions.
The commander of 'C' Squadron Lord Strathcona's Horse, Lieutenant Gordon Flowerdew, ordered his forces to secure the northeast corner then report back to him. Flowerdew was then ordered to cut off the German forces who were retreating to the east in the face of the Allied forces advancing through the wood. During this time, the forces dispatched by Flowerdew to the northeast corner ambushed and killed German forces looting from a French wagon, then dismounted and entered the wood under fire. Flowerdew arrived, assessed the situation, and decided that his unit would move to cut off the German retreat while the other section would help to drive the Germans from the wood.
There were six squadrons of cavalry in the wood at this point. Aeroplanes from the Royal Flying Corps were also attacking German forces from overhead, dropping 109 bombs and firing 17,000 bullets. Cavalry forces approached the southwest corner of the woods, coming under heavy fire and suffering heavy casualties, and they were forced to halt temporarily. Flowerdew reached high ground at the northeast corner of the wood just in time to encounter a 300-strong German force from the 101st Grenadiers, who were withdrawing. Flowerdew ordered, "It's a charge boys, it's a charge!" however, the bugle call was silenced by German fire before it was even sounded. During the charge, both sides were decimated, with only 51 of his unit still alive. Flowerdew died of his wounds the next day at No. 41 Casualty Clearing Station.
By 11:00 only the southern point of the wood was still occupied by German forces. With reinforcements arriving for the British, Seely ordered the remaining Germans to be driven away. Seely ordered British artillery fire into the wood to cease so he could operate without fear of friendly fire. The Germans were routed from the wood, and the day ended with 305 Allied casualties but the wood was in Allied hands.
The following morning.
The next morning, the 31 March, a German attack recaptured most of the wood, and the nearby Rifle Wood one mile to the northeast. General Seely was given command of the Allied counterattack. The Canadian Brigade attacked in three waves, securing their flanks whilst moving through the wood, and engaging the enemy in hand-to-hand combat. Once the German forces were again driven out, they commenced heavy artillery bombardment and several counterattacks; however, control of the wood remained with the Allies at the end of the day. To the northeast, Rifle Wood was attacked at 09:00 and by 11:00 was also in Allied hands. By 15:00, the Allied forces were relieved by fresh divisions.
Despite German forces eventually regaining control of the Moreuil woods and surrounding area, Ludendorff ended the offensive on the 5 April 1918.
Aftermath.
The German offensive had come to an end after dogged Allied resistance. Despite capturing of territory, it was at a cost of 250,000 men killed, wounded or missing. In the poor economic state of Germany by this time in the war, they could never recover such losses. The Allies, in comparison, lost 240,000. The strength of Allied forces in defence and in slowing down the German advance in engagements such as those at Moreuil Wood contributed to the ultimate defeat of the German offensive.
After the end of the German offensive, David Lloyd George sent the reinforcements to Haig. The American presence also increased from 162,000 to 318,000. The Allies launched their own counter-offensives starting at Amiens just north of Moreuil Wood, which proved to be a decisive victory for the Allies. Ludendorff commented after the first day of battle that it was a black day for the German army.
Flowerdew's posthumous Victoria Cross for his charge on the German forces was one of twenty that would be awarded during the German and later Allied offensive.
The Moreuil Wood was finally taken from the Germans in August by French forces, with elements of the Canadian Cavalry taking Rifle Wood.
Other medals won at the battle include:
This battle also caused the destruction of the Moreuil Castle, an estate of the family of Rougé, inherited from the Lords of Créquy, Princes of Poix and Dukes of Lesdiguières.

</doc>
<doc id="7014643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014643" title="Sullivan Heights Secondary School">
Sullivan Heights Secondary School



</doc>
<doc id="7014645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014645" title="Cork City League of Ireland Clubs">
Cork City League of Ireland Clubs



</doc>
<doc id="7014649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014649" title="Cambridgeshire Handicap">
Cambridgeshire Handicap

The Cambridgeshire Handicap is a flat handicap horse race in Great Britain open to horses aged three years or older. It is run on the Rowley Mile at Newmarket over a distance of 1 mile and 1 furlong (1,811 metres), and it is scheduled to take place each year in late September.
History.
The event was established in 1839, and the inaugural running was won by Lanercost. It was founded in the same year as another major handicap at Newmarket, the Cesarewitch. The two races came to be known as the Autumn Double.
The Cesarewitch initially took place before the Cambridgeshire, but the schedule was later reversed and the Cambridgeshire now precedes the other race by two weeks. Three horses completed the double in the 19th century — Rosebery (1876), Foxhall (1881) and Plaisanterie (1885) — but the feat has been rarely attempted since then.
The Cambridgeshire Handicap is currently held on the final day of Newmarket's three-day Cambridgeshire Meeting.
Records.
Most successful horse (2 wins):
Leading jockey (4 wins):
Leading trainer (5 wins):
Earlier winners.
1 The 1927 race was a dead-heat and has joint winners.2 The 1939 event was split into two separate divisions.3 The 1940 running took place at Nottingham.

</doc>
<doc id="7014654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014654" title="Úhorna">
Úhorna



</doc>
<doc id="7014655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014655" title="Tom Murray (musician)">
Tom Murray (musician)



</doc>
<doc id="7014661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014661" title="David McKiernan">
David McKiernan



</doc>
<doc id="7014668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014668" title="Cubebol">
Cubebol

Cubebol is a natural sesquiterpene alcohol first identified in cubeb oil. It is also found in basil. It was patented as a cooling agent in 2001 by Firmenich, an international flavor company. The taste of cubebol is cooling and refreshing. 
The patent describes application of cubebol as a refreshing agent in various products, ranging from chewing gum to sorbets, drinks, toothpaste, and gelatin-based confectioneries.

</doc>
<doc id="7014670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014670" title="Rangsit Canal">
Rangsit Canal

The Rangsit Canal (; ), is a canal in the eastern part of the Chao Phraya valley, central Thailand. The name of the canal was given by King Chulalongkorn (Rama V) in honour of his son, Rangsit, Prince of Chai Nat.
History and characteristics.
Rangsit Canal was the first irrigation project in Siam (Thailand). King Chulalongkorn ordered its construction in 1890 and assigned Prince Sai Sanitvongse (maternal grandfather of Prince Rangsit) as the project president.
The canal starts at the east bank of the Chao Phraya River in Tambon Ban Mai, Mueang Pathum Thani District, Pathum Thani Province. It then runs eastward passing by Thung Luang and empties into the Nakhon Nayok River in Ongkharak District, Nakhon Nayok Province.
In the past, the area around Rangsit Canal from Pathum Thani to Nakhon Nayok Provinces was the largest tangerine growing area in Thailand with no fewer than 150,000 rai (about 59,288 acres), producing 80% of the country's output. The Rangsit tangerine was once famous, just as the Bang Mot tangerine (ส้มบางมด) in Bangkok's Thonburi district is today. Though its orchards have nearly vanished, efforts are underway to revive them.
Rangsit Canal boat service.
The Rangsit Canal passenger boat service is a planned water bus service that would operate on the Rangsit Canal. The service was originally planned to begin in 2014. However, while construction of piers had been completed in June 2015, by 2019 the service had not begun operations.

</doc>
<doc id="7014673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014673" title="Anders Petersen (photographer)">
Anders Petersen (photographer)

Anders Petersen (born 1944) is a Swedish photographer, based in Stockholm. He makes intimate and personal documentary-style black and white photographs. Petersen has published more than 20 books. He has had exhibitions at Bibliothèque nationale de France, Liljevalchs konsthall, MARTa Herford, and Museum of Contemporary Art of Rome. His work is held in the collections of the Museum of Modern Art in New York and Moderna Museet in Stockholm.
Biography.
Petersen studied photography under Christer Strömholm in Sweden from 1966 to 1967. He is noted for his intimate and personal documentary-style black-and-white photographs.
For three years beginning in 1967 he photographed the late-night regulars (prostitutes, transvestites, drunks, lovers and drug addicts) in Café Lehmitz, a bar in Hamburg, Germany. The resulting photobook was first published in 1978 by Schirmer/Mosel in Germany. "Café Lehmitz" has since become regarded as a seminal book in the history of European photography. One of the photographs from this series was used as the cover art for Tom Waits' album "Rain Dogs".
Petersen's first book "Gröna Lund" (Green Grove), which was published in 1973, is set in the amusement park of Gröna Lund situated on an island in Stockholm, Sweden.
In 1970 Petersen co-founded SAFTRA, the Stockholm group of photographers, with Kenneth Gustavsson. At the same time, he taught at Christer Strömholm's school. He has been director of the 
Göteborg School of Photography and Film. He began to photograph for magazines, and continued his personal photo diary work, which continues to this day. He has photographed for extensive periods of time in prisons, mental asylums, and elderly care homes.
Collections.
Petersen's work is held in the following permanent collections:

</doc>
<doc id="7014675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014675" title="Závadka, Gelnica District">
Závadka, Gelnica District

Závadka () is a village and municipality in the Gelnica District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="7014681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014681" title="On Our Big Fat Merry-Go-Round">
On Our Big Fat Merry-Go-Round

On Our Big Fat Merry-Go-Round is the 1988 debut album by Irish rock band A House. According to AllMusic, the album reveals a taste for driving, catchy guitar rock somewhat in the style of U2. Among the album's tracks are attacks on journalists ("That's Not the Truth") and the production team of Stock Aitken Waterman ("Stone the Crows"). "Violent Love" deals with the topic of domestic violence.
"Call Me Blue" was released as a single and reached No. 9 on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart in December 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="7014683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014683" title="Mattias Remstam">
Mattias Remstam

Mattias Remstam (born January 25, 1975, in Nittorp, Sweden) is a professional Swedish ice hockey player, currently playing for Borås HC in the Swedish tier two division HockeyAllsvenskan.
Playing career.
Remstam is big, physical player who often uses his 214 pounds on the ice. He has got good scoring abilities but has from 2006 to 2007 suffered from several injuries. He started plying ice hockey with his hometown hockey club Nittorps IK in the Swedish tier four league system. After seven seasons with the club he was picked up by the Elitserien club HV71 and played for them from 1999 to 2008.
During HV71's last pre-season training match against Södertälje SK Remstam was hit by a hip tackle from Stefan Bemström. Remstam fell to the ice with an injured knee and a cut to his forehead. Later it was concluded that he had suffered a concussion and probably one of his ligaments in the knee was badly injured On October 4, 2006, Remstam played his first 2006–07 Elitserien game after a quick recovery. After five games of season 2007–08, Remstam broke his contract with HV71 due to lacking motivation of playing ice hockey on a professional level. He finished the season, first with KalPa in the Finnish SM-liiga and then Nordsjælland Cobras in the Danish Oddset Ligaen. In the 2008–09 pre-season he signed with Borås HC in the Swedish tier two division HockeyAllsvenskan.
Career statistics.
"Statistics as of end of season 2007–08" 

</doc>
<doc id="7014690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014690" title="Red Donahue">
Red Donahue

Francis Rostell "Red" Donahue (January 23, 1873 – August 25, 1913) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher from Waterbury, Connecticut, who played for 13 seasons both in the National League and the American League from through .
Career.
Red broke into the Majors with the New York Giants in 1893, while still attending Villanova University. After finishing college in , he appeared with the St. Louis Browns near the end of the season. On July 8, , he pitched a no-hitter against the Boston Beaneaters. He lost 35 games during the 1897 season, still an MLB record.
Post-career.
Red died in Philadelphia at the age of 40, after succumbing to the effects of paralysis, and was interred at St. Joseph Cemetery in Waterbury, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="7014694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014694" title="Ernest Goes to Africa">
Ernest Goes to Africa

Ernest Goes to Africa is a 1997 American comedy film written and directed by John Cherry. It stars Jim Varney, Linda Kash and Jamie Bartlett. It is the ninth film to feature the character Ernest P. Worrell, and the eighth film in the "Ernest" series, after "Slam Dunk Ernest" (1995). In the film, Ernest unknowingly comes into the possession of stolen jewels and is kidnapped and brought to Africa where he must rescue the woman he loves.
It was released on direct-to-video on July 27, 1997. The next and final film in the series, "Ernest in the Army", was released in February 1998.
Plot.
While attempting to fix a woman's car at a local garage, Ernest P. Worrell accidentally causes the car to get crushed, which results in his termination. He goes to a local restaurant and asks his crush, Rene Loomis, to go on a date with him. He is turned down by her because she wants to date somebody more adventurous. Ernest decides to buy her a gift to show that he really cares for her. He goes to a flea market where he buys two jewels, unaware that they are the "Eyes of Egoli" stolen from the Sinkatutu tribe in Africa by a runaway man named Mr. Rabhas who is being chased by two henchmen of Prince Kazim. He is cornered by the men but rescued by a man named Thompson and his strong African bodyguard, Bazu.
Threatening to kill him if he does not tell so he can steal them himself, Rabhas reveals where he stashed the Eyes of Igoli. Thompson walks away and Bazu takes a bag of deadly snakes and dumps it on Rabhas, leaving him to die. Meanwhile, Ernest creates a yo-yo made of the Eyes of Igoli. He does his around-the-world and crashes his fish's tank. He puts him in the sink but he flows down the drain. In trying to rescue him, he turns on the light switch to see down the drain, not realizing it was actually the garbage disposal switch. He briefly mourns. Meanwhile, Thompson eventually finds out that Ernest took the Eyes of Egoli. He spies on him at the restaurant where Rene works. Ernest gives Rene the yo-yo only to be called a small-town ordinary schmoe by her.
Thompson abducts Rene and Ernest comes to rescue her after a phone call. Thompson kidnaps him too when he gets there and puts them on a flight to Africa. After shutting Rene up in a country club's furnace room with Bazu, an old woman named Auntie Nelda comes in and explains to Bazu about how her husband died. She then throws ashes in his face and rescues Rene, knowing that it is Ernest. They escape in a golf cart and encounter many obstacles, from getting simple firewood to Ernest disguising as a girl and getting kissed by the prince to striking down the bad guys with ostrich eggs. Meanwhile, Thompson and Bazu look for Ernest and Rene. They walk down the river and encounter the cannibal Sinkatutu tribe who wants to eat them for lunch.
Ernest empties his pockets when they tell him to and plays the yo-yo one last time impressing the tribe, especially the Sinkatutu chief. He does tricks which easily turns the tribe to like them. Just as soon as the Chief is about to give him a "booster surgery", Thompson comes along by himself. He had kicked Bazu out. He suddenly blames Ernest of stealing the eyes. Thompson requests a battle of truth. Ernest has to fight Thompson in order to save Rene from becoming cooked. When Ernest hears the challenge he states "On second thought, I think I might have the booster." Thompson changes into a black warrior suit and pulls out his weapons. Ernest does the same, only his are little items. Yet, he successfully fights Thompson using them. All of a sudden, Thompson punches Ernest and knocks him out. But Ernest awakens and hears Rene calling him to use his yo-yo.
Ernest puts his fighting skills and yo-yo skills together and he does an around the world which knocks Thompson out cold and breaks the yo-yo to reveal the Eyes of Egoli. The tribe rushes toward them as Rene compliments Ernest on how he is her "Knight in Shining Armor". A few weeks later, Ernest and Rene are about to go on a date. As he enters the restaurant he takes his hat off and sets it down on the front counter. Ernest even paints an ostrich egg and gives it to her as a gift. Sadly, she tells Ernest that the date is off because he is too adventurous for her. Ernest makes a speech on how he is bold and adventurous and then, in conclusion, puts on his hat heroically, forgetting he had set it on the counter and put the ostrich egg in it.
Release.
"Ernest Goes to Africa" was released on VHS by Monarch Home Video on July 27, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="7014700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014700" title="Hubbard Independent School District (Hill County, Texas)">
Hubbard Independent School District (Hill County, Texas)

Hubbard Independent School District is a public school district based in Hubbard, Texas, United States.
Located in Hill County, small portions of the district extend into Limestone and Navarro counties.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="7014702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014702" title="Traffic (Stereophonics song)">
Traffic (Stereophonics song)

"Traffic" is the fourth single released by Welsh rock band Stereophonics. It is taken from their debut album, "Word Gets Around" (1997), and was released on 27 October 1997. The song reached number 20 on the UK Singles Chart and number 21 in Iceland.
Track listing.
All music was composed by Kelly Jones, Richard Jones, and Stuart Cable. All lyrics were written by Kelly Jones.
CD 1
CD 2 "Live Festival EP"
7-inch vinyl

</doc>
<doc id="7014707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014707" title="Don Murray (drummer)">
Don Murray (drummer)

Donald Ray Murray (November 8, 1945 – March 22, 1996) was an American drummer and Hanna-Barbera animator, best known for his work with the Turtles. After leaving the group, Murray played with Paul Williams's psychedelic folk group the Holy Mackerel. In the 1980s he went on to perform with the newly formed Surfaris.
Early life.
Murray grew up in Inglewood, California and started playing drums at the age of 15. He became popular playing high school dances with the band the Crossfires.
Career.
The Turtles.
The Crossfires released one album, Out Of Control, in 1963. By 1965, the Crossfires became the Turtles, but the band had troubles playing at most Southern California venues such as the Whisky a Go Go and the Troubadour, because all members of the band were under 21.
As the band went from high school band "Don Murray And The Crossfires" to "The Turtles", they signed to White Whale Records in 1965. As a member of the Turtles, he played on their debut and second album; It Ain't Me Babe (1965) and You Baby (1966). After appearances on "Shindig"!, "Where the Action Is", and "Hullabaloo", as well as a cameo in the 1966 film "Out of Sight", Turtles frontman Howard Kaylan and the other band members tossed Murray out of The Turtles after their first gig in New York City, saying "Don thought it was still his high school band".
Murray was interviewed along with former Turtle members Howard Kaylan, Mark Volman, Jim Tucker, Chuck Portz, Jim Pons, and Johnny Barbata in the 1991 documentary “"The Turtles: Happy Together"”.
The Holy Mackerel.
In 1968, Paul Williams, who was still a struggling musician trying to make it big in the music industry, recruited Murray to join his Psychedelic folk group The Holy Mackerel. In March 1968, the Holy Mackerel began work on their self-titled album at Sunset Sound Studios in Los Angeles.
During process on the album, Murray left to continue performing independently, and was replaced by Dewey Martin, previously of Buffalo Springfield.
The Sufaris.
In 1981, Murray was a member of the reformed version of the surf rock group The Surfaris. His only credit with the band is a 1983 live album.
Later life.
In the 1970s Murray was an art director for "Skateboarder" magazine, and also for "Hot Rod" magazine. By the 1980s, he was working as an animator for Hanna-Barbera.
Death.
Murray was admitted to a hospital in January 1996 for ulcer surgery, and died two months later in Santa Monica, California on March 22 from complications of the surgery aged 50.

</doc>
<doc id="7014708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014708" title="Joe Smith (football forward, born 1889)">
Joe Smith (football forward, born 1889)

Joseph Smith (25 June 1889 – 11 August 1971) was an English professional football player and manager. He is eleventh on the list of England's top-flight goal scorers, scoring 243 league goals. He was manager of Blackpool for 23 years and guided them to victory in the 1953 FA Cup final, the only time they have won the competition since their 1887 inception.
A forward, he began his career at Crewe Alexandra but did not play a first-team game for the club. He instead made his name at Bolton Wanderers, where with 277 league and cup goals between 1908 and 1927, he is the club's second highest goalscorer, only eight behind Nat Lofthouse. He won the Second Division title with Bolton 1908–09, and played in FA Cup final victories in 1923 and 1926. He later hit 61 goals in 70 league games for Stockport County, before being appointed player-manager at Darwen in 1929. Two years later, he was appointed manager of Reading and narrowly missed out on promotion during his four seasons in charge. He became Blackpool manager in August 1935 and remained in this position until April 1958. He led the "Seasiders" to one victory in three FA Cup final appearances (1948, 1951, and 1953), and also led the club to runners-up spot in the Second Division in 1936–37, second place in the First Division in 1955–56, and runners-up in the 1953 FA Charity Shield.
Early and personal life.
Joseph Smith was born in 1889, with the birth registered in Dudley, and the family moved to Newcastle-under-Lyme when he was three months old. His father, also named Joseph, was an iron puddler, and his mother was named Rosina. He was the youngest of three sons, and one brother, Philip, played professional football and was killed during the First World War. He married Priscilla (Cissie) Bond on 7 June 1921, at Manchester Cathedral.
Club career.
Bolton Wanderers.
Smith began his junior career at the age of 15 with Newcastle Parish Schools Association in the North Staffordshire Sunday School League. Both Stoke and Crewe Alexandra showed an interest in him, before he signed with Bolton Wanderers for a £10 transfer fee in 1908. Wanderers won the Second Division title in 1908–09, but were immediately relegated out of the First Division in 1909–10. They regained their top-flight status after securing a second-place finish in the Second Division in 1910–11. Smith then became the club's top-scorer in 1911–12 with 24 goals, as Bolton posted a fourth-place finish, six points behind champions Blackburn Rovers. He scored 22 goals in 1912–13, as Bolton dropped to eighth position. George Lillycrop then became the club's leading scorer in 1913–14, before Smith finished as the club's top-scorer for the third time in four seasons with 36 goals in 1914–15. During the First World War he guested for Chelsea and Port Vale.
After the war, Bolton finished sixth in 1919–20. With the help of "Trotters" teammate Ted Vizard, during the 1920–21 season Smith scored a club record 38 goals, which put him top of the First Division goalscoring chart for that season; the club recorded a third-place finish. However, Bolton dropped to sixth position again in 1921–22. Smith recorded 19 goals in 1922–23 to become the club's top-scorer for the fifth time. His goals helped Bolton to reach the 1923 FA Cup final – the first FA Cup final to be held at Wembley. Smith captained Bolton to a 2–0 victory over West Ham United. David Jack then took the mantle as the club's main source of goals in 1923–24 and 1924–25, as Bolton posted two top-four finishes in succession. Smith scored 21 goals in 1925–26 to finish as the club's top-scorer for the sixth and final time. He also captained the club to another FA Cup final victory, as a goal from namesake Jack Smith was enough to beat Manchester City 1–0. The 1926–27 season was then his last at the club, as he led Bolton to fourth in the league, eight points behind leaders Newcastle United. In his 19 years with Bolton, Smith scored 277 goals in 492 games (his league record being 254 goals in 449 appearances).
Later career.
On 16 March 1927, Smith signed for Stockport County for a fee of £1,000. However, an administration error meant that County were deducted two points and fined £125. He went on to score 61 goals in 70 league games at Edgeley Park. With 38 Third Division North goals in 1927–28, he was the division's top-scorer that season, though the "Hatters" could only manage a third-place finish. County then finished second in 1928–29, just one point behind champions Bradford City.
Upon leaving County, Smith joined Manchester Central on 22 June 1929, reuniting with his old Bolton teammate, Frank Roberts. In 1930, aged 41, and without a club for the 1930–31 season, rumours regarding Smith's retirement arose, but they were abated when he signed on for Darwen, also in the Lancashire Combination, on 8 September 1930, being appointed as club captain. Darwen had hoped to have him for another year, but Smith went on to end his career with Hyde United.
International career.
The first of Smith's five England caps came on 15 February 1913, in a 2–1 defeat to Ireland at Belfast's Windsor Park in the Home Championship. He then scored the opening goal of a 2–0 win over Wales at Ninian Park on 16 March 1914. He then played England's next three games either side of World War I: a 3–1 defeat to Scotland at Hampden Park (14 April 1914), a 1–1 draw with Ireland at Windsor Park (25 October 1919), and a 2–1 defeat to Wales at Highbury (15 March 1920).
Managerial career.
Darwen.
In 1929, Smith became player-manager of Darwen. As a player, he scored 42 goals in 51 games. As manager, he guided them to wins in the Lancashire Combination Championship (twice), the Combination Cup (twice), the Lancashire Junior Cup, and the Lancashire Challenge Trophy.
Reading.
Upon hanging up his playing boots in 1931, Smith became manager of Reading. In each of his four seasons at Elm Park, he took the club to within a few places of promotion out of the Third Division South. He led the "Biscuitmen" as they were then known to a second-place finish in 1931–32 – two points behind champions Fulham, a fourth-place finish in 1932–33 – 11 points behind leaders Brentford, third in 1933–34 – seven points short of Norwich City, and second in 1934–35 – eight points behind promoted Charlton Athletic.
His success was due mostly to his phenomenal home record. In 84 matches at Elm Park, he won 66 and lost only 3, scoring an average of three goals per game and steering the club on a 55-game unbeaten home run that lasted from April 1933 until after he left in 1935.
Blackpool.
In August 1935, Smith was approached to become the new manager of Blackpool, in place of the departed Sandy MacFarlane, an offer he immediately accepted; a love of the seaside being one of the main deciding factors. After a tenth-place finish in 1935–36, he led the club to promotion in 1936–37 with a second-place finish in the Second Division. He then secured the club's First Division status with mid-table finishes in 1937–38 and 1938–39. On 10 March 1939, Smith and club director Albert Hindley made the football headlines when they completed the £10,000 record signing of Jock Dodds from Sheffield United. However, World War II ensured that Smith's big signing barely featured in the Football League, though he went on to score well over 200 goals at Bloomfield Road during the war.
After the war, Smith built a formidable "M" forward line of Stan Mortensen, Stanley Matthews and Jackie Mudie. Mortensen and Mudie began their professional careers at the club, whilst Smith signed Matthews from Stoke City for an £11,500 fee in May 1947. Other key signings Smith made during his time at the club include: defender Danny Blair (joined from Aston Villa in 1936), George Farrow (defender signed from Bournemouth &amp; Boscombe Athletic for £1,250 in 1936), Scotland winger Alex Munro (signed from Hearts in March 1937 for £3,500), inside-forward Willie Buchan (signed from Celtic for £10,000), defender Eric Hayward (free signing from Port Vale in May 1937), Eddie Shimwell (signed from Sheffield United for £7,000 in December 1946), full-back Jackie Wright (signed from Mossley), goalkeeper George Farm (joined on a free transfer from Hibernian), midfielder Allan Brown (signed from East Fife in December 1950), forward Ernie Taylor (signed from Newcastle United for £25,000 in October 1951), defender Jimmy Kelly (signed from Watford in October 1954 for £15,000), and striker Ray Charnley (signed from Morecambe for a £750 fee in May 1957). Many significant players also began their professional careers under Smith, including Barrie Martin, Ron Suart, Ewan Fenton, Tommy Garrett, Bill Perry, Dave Durie, Roy Gratrix, Brian Peterson, Hughie Kelly, and Jimmy Armfield. Though he was at Bloomfield Road before Smith, after the war, defender Harry Johnston went on to win caps for England whilst at Blackpool.
Blackpool finished fifth in the league in 1946–47, just seven points behind champions Liverpool. The next season, 1947–48, they reached the FA Cup final at Wembley, which ended in a 4–2 defeat to Manchester United. The "Seasiders" dropped to 16th place in 1948–49, but rose to seventh in 1949–50, just four points behind champions Portsmouth. Though they finished in third place in 1950–51, they ended the campaign ten points behind champions Tottenham Hotspur. Smith led the club to another FA Cup final in 1951, where they were beaten 2–0 by Newcastle United after a brace from Jackie Milburn. Blackpool could only finished ninth and seventh in 1951–52 and 1952–53, but reached another FA Cup final in 1953. Known as the "Matthews final", Stan Mortensen scored a hat-trick against Bolton Wanderers to secure Blackpool a 4–3 victory and their first-ever FA Cup title. The club finished sixth in the league in 1953–54 and then dropped down to 19th place in 1954–55. Smith then led the club to a record high league finish of second in 1955–56. However, they ended up with 11 points short of the champions, Manchester United. They finished fourth in 1956–57 and seventh in 1957–58. After 714 Football League games in charge of Blackpool, Smith resigned in 1958, at 68, due to poor health. The Blackpool board rewarded his services by giving him a hefty "golden handshake" and bought him a house in the town.
Career statistics.
Playing statistics.
According to RSSSF, Smith scored over 616 career goals in 903 official matches, making him the highest goalscorer in football history at the end of the 1920s, with the next closest being Hungarian Imre Schlosser at +570 goals (1905–1928).
Honours.
As a player.
Bolton Wanderers
Darwen
England
As a manager.
Blackpool
Death.
Smith died in 1971, aged 82.

</doc>
<doc id="7014719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014719" title="Santa Gertrudis Independent School District">
Santa Gertrudis Independent School District

Santa Gertrudis Independent School District (SGISD) is a public school district in Kingsville, Kleberg County, Texas, United States. The district covers approximately , and is located in south of the city of Corpus Christi. SGISD operates Santa Gertrudis Elementary and Academy High School. During the 2009–2010 school year, SGISD had 397 students enrolled, according to Texas Education Agency.
A small slice of western Kingsville is in the district boundary.
History of SGISD.
Santa Gertrudis was formally established in 1917 as one of three schools associated with the King Ranch in South Texas. Today, Santa Gertrudis (now SGISD) is the only remaining school facility associated with the King Ranch. The district boundaries are located within the Santa Gertrudis division of the King Ranch and a small part of La Paloma Ranch.
Santa Gertrudis ISD is fully accredited by the Texas Education Agency and has operated as an independent school district since 1942. Prior to 1942, the district operated as a common school and in 1953 the district was formally recognized by legislative action.
In 1993, Santa Gertrudis began accepting nonresident transfer student from other area districts (before then the school was intended solely for children of King Ranch employees). During the same year, the district also adopted a year around school calendar with four nine-week attendance periods, including two-week intersessions between attendance periods. The school year begins late July and runs through late May (or early June).
Prior to 1994 Santa Gertrudis was solely a pre-kindergarten through eighth-grade school. After eighth-grade, students left the district and entered area high schools. It was not until 1994 when a high school program, grades nine through twelve, was established in partnership with Driscoll Independent School District and Texas A&amp;M University–Kingsville. The elementary school remained located on the King Ranch and the high school was, and is located on the Texas A&amp;M University Kingsville Campus. The two campuses are apart in location.
Campus Construction.
As of December 2009, SGISD is building a new campus for all students, located off of the King Ranch. This school is nearing completion and move in dates are scheduled for early 2010.
Santa Gertrudis Elementary School.
Santa Gertrudis Elementary provides programs for pre-kindergarten through eighth-grade, and had 182 students enrolled during 2009–2010. The school is known for quality educational programs, advanced technology, a small student to teacher ratio, and a safe and supportive educational environment. Located in the heart of the King Ranch, Santa Gertrudis continues the tradition of educating the children of King Ranch that originated with the famed matriarch of Rancho Santa Gertrudis, Mrs. Henrietta M. King (1832–1925), wife of Richard King.
The current facility was designed by PBK Architects.
The previous facility, constructed in 1917, was leased from the King Ranch and located on ranch property. It was a , 13 classroom complex with a classroom building, four annexes, two storage structures, and a gymnasium that had the possibility of being used for other reasons.
Academy High School.
Academy High School is a restructured, non-traditional high school program, with 210 enrolled during 2009–2010, located in Poteet Hall on the campus of Texas A&amp;M University–Kingsville.
The non-traditional approach offers each student a program developed to meet individual needs and capabilities. Since students are allowed to progress at a pace conducive to their abilities, they can master course requirements and move on to the next higher level of work. Small class size allows extensive student-teacher interaction on a day-to-day basis.
History.
Academy was approved by the Texas Education Agency in the spring of 1994 and the first year of operation was 1994–1995. Through support from Texas A&amp;M University Kingsville, qualified students are able to begin college courses starting in the ninth grade.
Billy Bowman, then the superintendent of Santa Gertrudis ISD, created the concept.
The first graduation in 1998 was held at Naval Air Station Kingsville, and all 36 inaugural ninth grade students graduated. Fifty percent of the graduating seniors had earned 12 or more hours of college credit while in high school, 80% earned three or more hours, and 80% of the class entered post secondary education following graduation.
Athletics.
Prior to 2007, Academy High School did not have a football team. In the fall of 07, academy successfully played its first season of six-man football, with a junior varsity team and five away games (no home games). During the first season, 44 athletes joined the team and became part of Academy High School history.
Entrepreneurship Program.
In 1997, the Academy Entrepreneurship Program was established. The program is a school-based business in which students manage all facets of a computer business, from building desktops and computer maintenance and repair, to technology training for faculty and staff. The "Entre" program, Pride Computers, has built all the computers within the district, and it also performs all the computer maintenance for the district, including managing the network.
Advanced Studies Program.
In the 2002–2003 school year, academy, working in collaboration with Coastal Bend College, established an Advanced Studies Program, offering students the opportunity to graduate high school with an Associate of Applied Science Degree in Computer Information Technology. Since the inception of the program, it has expanded to other career and degree areas within the community college. Students also have the opportunity to take courses at Texas A&amp;M University Kingsville, to earn credits applicable towards a four-year degree. Students are allowed to take as many classes as desired, as long as they fit within a degree plan at an accredited university. All college courses are tuition free to the students and are funded through several grants from the State and other sources. Key developers of the Entrepreneurship Program and the Advanced Studies Program were Bill Fette, District Technology Coordinator, and Thom Driver, District Network Administrator. Bill Fette was the first to serve as Entrepreneurship Program Coordinator.
In 2005, due to the Advanced Studies Program, three students graduated with both a high school diploma and an associated degree from Coastal Bend College. The three students were: Hailee Bugenhagen, Justin Walker, and Omar Gonzalez.
Demographics.
The enrollment is 70.8% Hispanic, 27.2% Anglo, and 7% African American.
Attendance rates.
Santa Gertrudis had a 98.08% overall attendance rate for the week of 02/22/2010 to 02/26/2010.
Academy High school had a 94.72% overall attendance rate for the week of 02/22/2010 to 02/26/2010.

</doc>
<doc id="7014721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014721" title="Colorado Independent School District">
Colorado Independent School District

Colorado Independent School District is a public school district based in Colorado City, Texas (USA).
Located in Mitchell County, a very small portion of the district extends into Scurry County.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="7014722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014722" title="Colorado ISD">
Colorado ISD



</doc>
<doc id="7014723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014723" title="Santa Gertrudis ISD">
Santa Gertrudis ISD



</doc>
<doc id="7014727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014727" title="Sir Richard Leese">
Sir Richard Leese



</doc>
<doc id="7014730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014730" title="Openospfd">
Openospfd



</doc>
<doc id="7014732" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014732" title="Canon XL-H1">
Canon XL-H1



</doc>
<doc id="7014733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014733" title="Giulia Sani">
Giulia Sani



</doc>
<doc id="7014737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014737" title="San Diego Independent School District">
San Diego Independent School District

San Diego Independent School District is a public school district based in San Diego, Texas, United States.
Located in Duval County, a small portion of the district extends into Jim Wells County. The portion in Jim Wells County includes the western part of Loma Linda East.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="7014741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014741" title="San Diego ISD">
San Diego ISD



</doc>
<doc id="7014743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014743" title="Premont Independent School District">
Premont Independent School District

The Premont Independent School District is a public school district based in the city of Premont, Texas, United States.
The district is about south of Corpus Christi. In addition to Premont, the district serves rural areas in southern Jim Wells and southeastern Duval counties, including the unincorporated communities of Cruz Calle and Rios. High school aged students living in La Gloria Independent School District may attend Premont High or Falfurrias High School of Brooks County Independent School District.
Premont ISD is a Conference AA school and part of the University Interscholastic League (UIL) Region IV District 32 schools.
History.
The school district was established in 1921.
In 1955 there was a school bond proposal to build a home economics and food laboratory facilities, facilities for sports teams going to Premont ISD, and a junior high school gymnasium and music room.
In 2009 and 2011, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency. The school also did not meet adequate yearly progress goals. 
This also prompted cancellation of sports programs. The approximately $50,000 saved would go towards science labs in the schools. The school was also placed on "accreditation probation" status in 2011.
With 570 students in 2012, the district has lost a quarter of its students since 2006.
By the Summer of 2012 there had been no art or music teacher at Premont Elementary for several years. Prior to the summer of 2012 the district closed its middle school building and relocated middle school students to the high school and laid off 8 employees. The science laboratories were infested with mold, so they were sealed off.
In the summer of 2011 TEA commissioner Robert Scott ordered the district closed, and that it would consolidate with San Diego ISD. In February 2012 Scott reconsidered and decided to let Premont ISD stay open for one more year. The TEA allowed the district to stay open when the board of education agreed to a 14-point improvement plan.
In Spring 2012 the school district ended its high school athletic programs. As part of changes, the district began requiring students to wear school uniforms, added time to teacher planning and training, and aligned curriculum with more stringent Texas state standards.
In 2015 the TEA announced that the district will close in 2016. However the TEA reversed course after Premont ISD and it entered into a voluntary agreement regarding financial and educational performance.
Athletics.
Prior to the Summer of 2012 the school district's high school had baseball, basketball, cheerleading, American football, track, tennis, and volleyball teams. The teams were maintained despite a lack of finances and maintenance in other areas of the district. Prior to 2012 there had been no consideration of ending athletic programs at the school. As of Fall 2012 the American football team had not reached the playoffs within a decade and in the 2011 season it won one game.
As of 2012 the yearly cost of all athletics programs was $150,000, with about one third made up of coaching stipends paid to teachers. Included in the yearly costs were $27,000 for athletic supplies, $15,000 for insurance, $13,000 for referees, and $12,000 to pay bus drivers. The per-student cost of the American football program was about $1,300 per player while the mathematics program had a per student cost of $618. The salary of a full-time elementary school music teacher for one year was equivalent to the annual cost of one American football season at Premont ISD.
Superintendent Ernest Singleton suspended all athletics programs at Premont ISD in Spring 2012, arguing there was a need to focus on academics and reduce costs. This move received media attention from U.S. news agencies. Several Texas communities, made aware of the cancellations, raised $400,000 for the school, which was used to improve the science laboratories. By Fall 2012 the basketball team was the only remaining athletic program. Its schedule was reduced from the previous year. As a result of the loss of athletic programs two teachers who had served as coaches left the school, and over 12 students transferred to other schools. Most of the students, which included one American football player and four volleyball players, attended a school away from Premont ISD schools.
Enrique Ruiz, Jr., the principal of Premont High, started activities to make up for the loss of athletics. the school established drum-off and team-building exercise competitions in the school gymnasiums, and it began holding non-athletic pep rallies on Fridays. In the Fall of 2013 the school district does not offer American football. It offers baseball, basketball, cross country, volleyball, track, and tennis.
Academics and parental participation.
In the Fall of 2012 80% of students passed their classes and the parent-teacher night had 160 people. In the Spring of 2012 50% of students passed their classes and 6 parents attended parent teacher night.
Schools.
Former schools:

</doc>
<doc id="7014744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014744" title="Premont ISD">
Premont ISD



</doc>
<doc id="7014754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014754" title="List of ships sunk by Axis warships in Australian waters">
List of ships sunk by Axis warships in Australian waters

This is a list of Allied ships sunk by Axis warships operating in Australian waters during the Second World War.
Fifty four Axis surface raiders and submarines (both German and Japanese) carried out these attacks, sinking 53 merchant ships and three warships within the Australia Station, resulting in the deaths of over 1,751 Allied military personnel, sailors and civilians. A further 88 civilians were killed in air raids.
The definition of "Australian waters" used in this list is the area designated the Australia Station prior to the outbreak of war. This vast area consisted of the waters around Australia and eastern New Guinea, and stretching south to Antarctica. From east to west, it stretched from 170° east in the Pacific Ocean to 80° east in the Indian Ocean, and from north to south it stretched from the Equator to the Antarctic.
A full account is given in Axis naval activity in Australian waters
Ships sunk by surface raiders.
The six German and three Japanese surface raiders that operated within Australian waters sank 18 ships and killed over 826 sailors.
Ships sunk by submarines.
The following table has been adapted from Appendix V of "A Critical Vulnerability: The impact of the submarine threat on Australia's maritime defence 1915 - 1954" by David Stevens. Stevens' appendix lists all known Axis submarine activity in Australian waters during World War II and includes data on unsuccessful submarine attacks on Allied shipping, attacks made in Papuan and Netherlands East Indies waters and Japanese patrols in Australian waters which did not result in any attacks on Allied ships.
The 28 Japanese and German submarines that operated in Australian waters between 1942 and 1945 sank a total of 30 ships with a combined tonnage of ; 654 people, including 200 Australian merchant seamen, were killed on board the ships attacked by submarines.

</doc>
<doc id="7014758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014758" title="Fahir Atakoğlu">
Fahir Atakoğlu

Mustafa Fahir Atakoğlu (, born 28 January 1963) is a Turkish American pianist and composer who has worked with a wide range of artists across many genres of music, ranging in style from symphonic scoring to advertising jingles. He was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Early life.
From the age of 7, Atakoğlu was interested in music and began playing piano and drums. Though his family intended for him to continue in the family business, his mother fostered his interest in music and through his music teacher Muzaffer Uz he was introduced to Cemal Reşit Rey, Turkey's famous composer, pianist, script writer, and conductor. Atakoğlu studied under Rey from 1977 to 1979. He attended the Istanbul State Conservatory from 1978 to 1980. In 1980 he moved to London and for five years studied at both the London School of Music and Croydon College. He earned a degree in marketing and advertising from Croydon College in 1983 and returned to Istanbul to work as a jingle composer in the advertising sector.
Career.
From 1987 to present, Atakoğlu has created music for commercials, news segments, and documentaries via advertising agencies including Lintas, McCann Erickson, CDP Europe, Young &amp; Rubicam, Saatchi &amp; Saatchi, and Ogilvy &amp; Mather. Atakoğlu acknowledges that his training in ad jingles honed his skill as a composer to create immediate context within his music.
He has also composed music for Turkey's top bands and musicians, including Mazhar Fuat Özkan, Sezen Aksu, and Sertab Erener. He also composed music for Greek singer Notis Sfakianakis, whose CD-single "Telos Dihos Telos" - which included Atakoğlu's song of the same name- went 4× platinum with sales over 80,000 copies.
Since 1994 Atakoğlu has recorded 10 albums which have sold over 2 million copies in 20 countries.
His 2005 album "If" is a collaboration featuring bass guitarist Anthony Jackson and percussionist Horacio "EI Negro" Hernandez.
In 2008, an album titled "Istanbul in Blue" was released in the United States. The album is a wide-ranging set that at first seems like jazz/rock fusion, but also includes the influences of Turkish music, some acoustic interludes, and sections that are completely unclassifiable. The album features Atakoğlu on keyboards, Anthony Jackson on bass, Horacio "El Negro" Hernandez on drums, Mike Stern and Wayne Krantz on guitars and Bob Franceschini on saxophone.
Atakoğlu's scoring includes the adaptation of Metin Kaçan's novel "Ağır Roman" ("East Side Story") into a musical which was performed locally in Turkey as well as at Hollywood's Ford Amphitheater in August 2006 by the Istanbul State Opera and Ballet. He also composed the soundtracks of hit historical dramas such as "Omar" and "Magnificent Century".
Atakoglu's 2020 album "For Love" is a collobration of different cultures and languages of 42 artists from 8 countries where lyrics are written for Atakoglu's compositions by international musicians. "For Love" secured seven first round ballots for 63rd Grammy Awards (2020) including Album Of The Year, Song Of The Year – “Por Amor ” feat. Buika, Best Jazz Instrumental Album.

</doc>
<doc id="7014760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014760" title="The American Adventure (Epcot)">
The American Adventure (Epcot)

The American Adventure is the host pavilion of the World Showcase area of EPCOT at the Walt Disney World Resort near Orlando, Florida. It is also the name of the pavilion's main attraction, an Audio-Animatronic stage show of American history. It is located between the Italy and Japan pavilions.
The pavilion includes the Liberty Theater (home of the stage show), an exhibition space called the American Heritage Gallery, the America Gardens Theatre live entertainment venue, and a quick service food location named Regal Eagle Smokehouse—a Muppet-themed barbecue restaurant. Additionally, there is a merchandise location that houses the former Art of Disney store that was located in Future World.
Layout.
The pavilion is a single large building designed in the Colonial style. The building uses forced perspective to make a five-story building appear to be two and a half stories; there is a large ramp inside the attraction that slopes up, then down.
Its main attraction is "The American Adventure" show. The lobby is a square room that has an oval-shaped area in the middle with a dome-shaped ceiling. The walls contain quotes from famous Americans, which include Walt Disney and Charles Lindbergh, and paintings of American life throughout history representing what America is all about. The Hall of Flags exhibit is a display of the different flags throughout U.S. history that you see as you go upstairs to the theater. In the upstairs lobby there are two more paintings of American life. In the theater, there are 12 statues, six on each side of the theater, that are spirits of American values personified.
"The American Adventure" attraction.
"The American Adventure" takes guests on a trip through America's history. It is narrated by Audio-Animatronic figures of Benjamin Franklin and Mark Twain (who lived almost 100 years apart) with the voices of Dallas McKennon as Benjamin Franklin and John Anderson as Mark Twain. The show is presented in a theater-like auditorium, with sets and characters rising out from the stage floor to represent scenes from different historical periods. The characters provide insight into American life of the past through conversations in which they discuss the current events of their time. Periods include the American Revolutionary War, the Civil War, the Centennial International Exhibition of 1876 (representing American industrialization), and the Great Depression. The presentation culminates with a musical film montage representing famous moments and people in American history from post-World War II to the present.
Changes.
In 1993, the attraction was updated (as being the second renovation) with all new animatronics and a new version of the theme song. In mid-2007, about 45 seconds of footage were added to the end of the Golden Dreams montage, the first updating of the montage since the 1993 renovation. The most notable addition is the brief footage of New York City Police Department/New York City Fire Department rescue crews after the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in 2001. The Golden Dream montage and theme song were updated again, as the third renovation, in early 2018 to feature footage of more recent notable figures, including Barack and Michelle Obama, Mark Zuckerberg, Madonna, Simone Biles, and Elon Musk, among others.
Songs.
Theme song.
The theme song for "The American Adventure" is "Golden Dream". The music was written by Robert Moline and the lyrics were written by show producer Randy Bright. Two versions now exist for "Golden Dream." with the original version arranged for choir and full orchestra by Don Mueller in 1980 and the arrangement heard today is a 2018 updated version by producer Harvey Mason Jr. When speaking of the project Mason's goal was to "be respectful of the original arrangement while making it contemporary and relevant to what's going on in music today." The song gets its biggest push at the end of the attraction, during the Montage sequence of famous Americans. The song is also used as the finale to Disneyland's Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln.
The original version can be found on these releases:
The 2018 version can be found on iTunes.
The Voices of Liberty.
The Voices of Liberty is an eight-member professional "a cappella" singing group that hosts patriotic choral performances in the pavilion rotunda throughout the day. The group also performs in year-round events including the Candlelight Processional. The group performs special performances during the holiday season and on the 4th of July. The group has performed for several U.S. presidents including Ronald Reagan and Jimmy Carter.
When recording or performing outside EPCOT, Voices of Liberty go by the name Liberty Voices. Voices of Liberty evolved from a group called Re'Generation that sang a cappella at Magic Kingdom in the 1970s. The group has released several audio recordings of their music. Derric Johnson is the founder/director/arranger of all the music sung by the Voices of Liberty, Liberty Voices and Re'Generation.
America Gardens Theatre.
Across from the pavilion is the America Gardens Theatre, an outdoor amphitheater. The America Gardens Theatre hosts concerts, singers, and bands from around the world. Many entertainment acts from around the world perform on this stage.
The America Gardens Theatre has hosted numerous shows since it was built. Over the years some of the more famous shows include "Blast!" and "Barrage". During the park's two major festivals—the International Flower and Garden Festival in the spring, and the International Food and Wine Festival in the fall—musical groups from the 1960s through the 1990s perform as part of each festival's concert series ("Garden Rocks" in the spring, and "Eat to the Beat" in the fall).
In 1999, a revised version of Michael Flatley's "Lord of the Dance" was performed in the theater over the summer. Even though Flatley himself did not perform in the show, its popularity encouraged Epcot to bring the show back in 2000 for another summer run. Originally designed as an open-air theater, partial cover and backstage dressing and show equipment areas were added during a refurbishment that was completed before the inception of the Magical World of Barbie stage show.
In April 2015, the American Music Machine a cappella group began performing at the America Gardens Theatre using music arranged by "Glee"s Tim Davis. The group stopped performing on September 29, 2017. Their captain, Antonio Fernandez, moved on to join DCappella at the group's founding in 2018 as its vocal percussion.
Candlelight Processional.
During the holiday season, the theater hosts the Candlelight Processional. This show follows in the footsteps of the show first performed at Disneyland in 1960, and which was duplicated at the Magic Kingdom in 1971. The show relocated to the America Gardens Theater in 1994. The show includes an orchestra and massed choir that perform traditional holiday songs while a guest celebrity retells the nativity story. Some of the celebrities who have taken part in the Processional over the years include Andy Garcia, John Stamos, Marlee Matlin, Edward James Olmos, Haley Joel Osment, Susan Lucci, John O'Hurley, Jim Caviezel, Neil Patrick Harris, Whoopi Goldberg, Jodi Benson, T.D. Jakes, Pat Sajak, and Heather Graham.

</doc>
<doc id="7014761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014761" title="Newton Independent School District">
Newton Independent School District

Newton Independent School District is a public school district based in Newton, Texas (USA).
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="7014762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014762" title="1929 in United States history">
1929 in United States history



</doc>
<doc id="7014763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014763" title="Newton ISD">
Newton ISD



</doc>
<doc id="7014770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014770" title="Clyde Consolidated ISD">
Clyde Consolidated ISD



</doc>
<doc id="7014771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014771" title="Clyde Consolidated Independent School District">
Clyde Consolidated Independent School District

Clyde Consolidated Independent School District is a public school district based in Clyde, Texas (USA).
Located in Callahan County, portions of the district extend into Shackelford, Jones, and Taylor counties.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
In 2020 the school district failed to respond to concerns from citizens about sexual orientation discrimination in their schools.

</doc>
<doc id="7014773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014773" title="Clyde CISD">
Clyde CISD



</doc>
<doc id="7014777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014777" title="The Transformers (IDW Publishing)">
The Transformers (IDW Publishing)

The Transformers (later retitled as Transformers) is a comic book line by IDW Publishing based upon Hasbro's Transformers characters and toy line, featuring many writers and artists across multiple series. It is notable for being the longest continuously running "Transformers" continuity to date, beginning in October 2005 with ' and ending in November 2018, after the six-issue ' event comic. The following year, it would be rebooted and succeeded by a new comic book series on 2019.
IDW lost the license rights by the end of 2022 and the license was passed to Skybound Entertainment in 2023.
Publication history.
First era.
Dreamwave Productions shut down on January 4, 2005, and announced they would cease publication of all their comics, leaving ' and its prequel series, ' incomplete. Chris Ryall, editor-in-chief of IDW Publishing, leaped at the chance to bid on the property. On May 19, 2005, Hasbro announced they had awarded the licensing rights to IDW Publishing, with plans for an issue #0 in October 2005 and an ongoing title entitled to begin in January 2006. Beforehand, Ryall met up with long-time writer Simon Furman. Furman aimed for a contemporary version of the "" incarnation to appeal to new and old fans alike. They both cited a focus on the "Robots in "Disguise"" element of the characters, aiming to bring back their "myth and majesty". Overall, Furman described it as, "This was, at last (after 20-plus years) MY take on Transformers." Furman also aimed for a real time approach, using maps to help guide his stories. "Infiltration"s issue #0 sold 100,000 copies in pre-orders, a record for the company. Furman focused the story on Autobot medic Ratchet and broke new ground for "G1"-based storylines by excluding the "Ark" crash storyline and having them only just recently arrived deliberately, to give proper intent to the Transformers being on Earth, thus separating the fictional universe from the "Beast Wars" one. E. J. Su was hired as the artist, and was given free rein to re-design characters slightly.
"Infiltration" received mixed reviews. Furman's decision to put leaders Optimus Prime and Megatron on the sidelines divided fans, as did the slow pace and the use of human characters. Furman and Ryall responded positively, promising to make both fans and critics happy after reading various message board comments. followed in July, set around the same time frame as "Infiltration", and had art by Don Figueroa. The four issue tale was intended to be a weekly event, but Diamond Comic Distributors' resistance meant it became monthly. Furman had planned to visit Cybertron later on, but the fans demanded a human-less story, and "Stormbringer" was written. Most importantly, the story revealed Cybertron to be dead, giving the saga a darker feel and explaining the status quo of Autobots and Decepticons spread out and fighting pocket wars. Furman intentionally wanted a larger scale and "took Cybertron out of the equation" to shape the overall arc. The story also allowed him to reinvent Thunderwing and the Pretenders, which he felt was one of the sillier concepts.
In September, the companion series, "" was launched, set to last for five issues. Furman drew upon classic stories for Shockwave, re-created the personalities of Hot Rod and Ultra Magnus, and wrote Sixshot for the first time. Nightbeat's story laid a vital seed for future stories, as well as allowing him to re-invent the Micromasters. In November began, a direct sequel to "Infiltration". It put Optimus and Megatron center stage, and brought in characters from the "Spotlights". The "Spotlights" expanded as IDW accepted Furman's willingness to write for any character. This has even included Wheelie, a character he has personally voiced criticism of in the past.
Furman took a break from the main storyline in June to allow Eric Holmes to write the prequel, over four months. Holmes conceived the tale for his favorite character, Megatron, and to explore the beginnings of the Autobot-Decepticon war, collaborating with Furman to further tie-in the story into the existing continuity and taking historical inspiration from the decline of the Roman Empire. In addition, Furman allowed Nick Roche to write and draw a "Spotlight" for Kup, and Roche also wishes to create another one for Rumble. Furman returned for , which will be affected by Galvatron's "Spotlight" (itself spinning out of Nightbeat's), before leading into . Galvatron was re-invented as a separate character from Megatron, and Optimus Prime himself received a "Spotlight", with both one-shots including major revelations that will affect storylines beyond "Revelation". "Devastation" had a faster pace and explored rebellion in the Decepticon ranks, similar to the early Marvel stories. With the conclusion of "Devastation", "Revelation" began in June. However, this series had a different format to that seen previously, and consisted of four interrelated "Spotlight" issues that brought several of the elements of the storyline thus far, most notably the Dead Universe storyline, to a conclusion. The arc following "Revelation" was a twelve-issue limited series, later expanded to sixteen issues, titled All Hail Megatron which began in July 2008, taking place a year after the end of "Devastation" and focusing on an Earth conquered by the Decepticons without the Autobots around to stop them, this time written by Shane McCarthy. A planned storyline, "Expansion", has now been canceled, although some of the themes the series would have dealt with may still appear. A new mini-series by Furman, Maximum Dinobots, spun out of "Spotlight: Grimlock" and featured the Dinobots, Sunstreaker, and the Machination, beginning in December after the conclusion of "Revelation", with art by "Spotlight" artist Nick Roche.
Starting in November 2009, an ongoing series of the Transformers was launched and ended in December 2011. Concurrently, during this time, other mini-series were also published: ', "Bumblebee", ', ', ' and "Heart of Darkness", the latter of which led into the story arc "Chaos".
Second era.
Following a one-shot titled "The Death of Optimus Prime", two new ongoing series started in January 2012, "Robots in Disguise" and '. A digital Transformers comic also became available titled "Autocracy", consisting of 12 eight-page issues. Two sequels to "Autocracy" titled "Monstrosity" and "Primacy" started publishing in March 2013 and August 2014, respectively. In April and November 2014, the ' and "Drift – Empire of Stone" mini-series were also published. In addition, in November 2014, "The Transformers: Robots in Disguise" changed its title to just "The Transformers". A second ongoing series of "Windblade" started in March 2015, and its sequel "Till All Are One" followed in June 2016.
Hasbro Universe.
Starting in 2016, the "Transformers" comics became part of the Hasbro Comic Book Universe, playing a role during the crossover events "Revolution" and "First Strike". After "Revolution" ended in November 2016, "Transformers" and "More than Meets the Eye" re-titled themselves to "Optimus Prime" and ", respectively.
The miniseries titled " (which is the finale of this continuity) started being published on May 5, 2018.
Collected editions.
The Transformers has been collected in twenty volumes roughly in chronological order. The first eight volumes, under the title "Transformers: IDW Collection", collect most of the series in between Infiltration and Heart of Darkness, including Spotlights. Starting with the issue "Death of Optimus Prime", the Transformers are collected under the title Transformers: IDW Collection Phase Two, of which twelve volumes were published. From the "Revolution" mini-series and the establishment of the Hasbro Comic Book Universe, the Transformers are going to be collected under the title Transformers: IDW Collection Phase Three.
Chronological comic order.
This is a chronological listing of the comics in which the timeline of events developed.

</doc>
<doc id="7014782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014782" title="Cross Plains Independent School District">
Cross Plains Independent School District

Cross Plains Independent School District is a public school district based in Cross Plains, Texas (USA). Located in Callahan County, portions of the district extend into Eastland, Brown, and Coleman counties. In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
Cross Plains ISD has two campuses -

</doc>
<doc id="7014785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014785" title="Cross Plains ISD">
Cross Plains ISD



</doc>
<doc id="7014787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014787" title="Kress Independent School District">
Kress Independent School District

Kress Independent School District is a public school district based in Kress, Texas (USA) that serves students in southern Swisher County.
Schools.
The district has two campuses - 
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="7014790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014790" title="Kress ISD">
Kress ISD



</doc>
<doc id="7014792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014792" title="Without the right to correspondence">
Without the right to correspondence

Article about sentence during Stalin Great Purge

</doc>
<doc id="7014799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014799" title="Happy Independent School District">
Happy Independent School District

Happy Independent School District is a public school district based in Happy, Texas (USA).
Located in Swisher County, portions of the district extend into Randall, Armstrong, and Castro counties.
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
History.
The district changed to a mixed schedule in fall 2022, in which class is not held on either a Monday or a Friday.

</doc>
<doc id="7014801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014801" title="Higher Technical School of Architecture of Madrid">
Higher Technical School of Architecture of Madrid

The Higher Technical School of Architecture of Madrid (, ETSAM) is the school of architecture of the Technical University of Madrid (UPM), Spain. It trains future architects and grants the title of Architect, as well as doctorates and various master's degrees. The center is located on the Avenida Juan de Herrera, 4, within the University City of Madrid. The present building has been used since 1936. It has an extensive library, which includes original works of Le Corbusier, Serlio and Andrés de Vandelvira, the recent architecture journals, and influential books on modern architecture. This school is considered by many industry professionals to be the best in Spain, and one of the best worldwide.
Study plan.
Currently the study plan followed for the main Architecture diploma is "Plan 2010", also known as "Bolonia". It was passed in 2007, and the old "Plan 96" was gradually phased out by June 2018. "Plan 2010" consists of 360 "ECTS" European credits, with an equivalence of between 25 and 30 hours of work per credit, beginning in academic year 2010-2011.
The 360 credits are split into a 300-credit degree and a 60-credit master, a formula known as 5+1 years. The degree is a 5-year study plan, with each year split into two semesters, Fall and Spring. Subjects can be classified as Basic (shared with other faculties in UPM), Compulsory or Optative (exclusively lectured at ETSAM). Only 18 credits correspond to Optative subjects. Once the programme is completed, the student receives a Graduate title in Architecture fundamentals, which opens the way for the one year Master in Architecture, which grants the full title of Architect.
Postgraduate studies.
The school offers different postgraduate studies, accessible only to those with the title of Architect. Studies at this level can be PhDs or postgraduate. PhD Studies are organised in programs, each having several subjects that jointly present unity and relationships, and together define a speciality inside the PhD programme.
Postgraduate studies are divided into 9 University masters, 15 specialisation courses and 14 independent titles. Many of them present an international level of prestige and influence, such as the Master in City Sciences and the MCH Master in Collective Housing.

</doc>
<doc id="7014802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014802" title="Happy ISD">
Happy ISD



</doc>
<doc id="7014806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014806" title="Thai constitutions">
Thai constitutions



</doc>
<doc id="7014809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014809" title="Constitutions of Thailand">
Constitutions of Thailand



</doc>
<doc id="7014815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014815" title="La Estrella Oeste">
La Estrella Oeste

La Estrella Oeste and La Estrella Norte were two Spanish-language, regional newspapers based in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico. Both editions covered 36 towns of the western and northern areas of Puerto Rico. The papers closed down in 2015.
In 2006, "La Estrella" was the biggest regional newspaper, in terms of circulation, in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, with a combined weekly circulation of 117,000. "La Estrella" was the first regional newspaper to be audited in Puerto Rico by the Circulation Verification Council (CVC). "La Estrella" was distributed door to door across the 36 towns of the western and northern regions of Puerto Rico.
The newspaper was founded in 1983, and was intended to cover news and features from Puerto Rico’s western towns. Later in the 1980s, "La Estrella Norte" was founded to cover news and features about Puerto Rico’s northern towns.

</doc>
<doc id="7014816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014816" title="Thai constitution">
Thai constitution



</doc>
<doc id="7014820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014820" title="Juan de Homedes">
Juan de Homedes

Fra' Juan de Homedes y Coscón (c. 1477 – 6 September 1553) was a Spanish knight of Aragon who served as the 47th Grand Master of the Order of Malta, between 1536 and 1553.
Early life.
Little is known about de Homedes' early life, except that he was born in Aragon in around 1477. He eventually joined the Order of Saint John on Rhodes, and fought bravely in the Ottoman siege of 1522. He eventually moved to the island of Malta along with the rest of the Order in 1530.
Grandmastership.
Upon the death of Didier de Saint-Jaille on 26 September 1536, de Homedes was elected by the Order and he became the 47th Grandmaster of the Order on 20 October of that year.
In July 1551, the Ottomans attempted to take Malta but were deterred and so they attacked the sister island of Gozo, which capitulated after some days of fierce fighting. Nearly the entire population of the island were taken as slaves, including the governor Gelatian de Sessa and other knights. In August of that year, the Order suffered another blow when it lost its North African stronghold of Tripoli to an Ottoman force commanded by the famous corsair leader Dragut and the admiral Sinan in the Siege of Tripoli. De Homedes blamed the loss on the military governor of Tripoli, Gaspard de Vallier, and had him defrocked and imprisoned. De Vallier was later rehabilitated by Grand Master Jean Parisot de Valette.
After the events of 1551, de Homedes began a program to fortify Malta better. The first stone for a new fort, Fort Saint Michael, was laid down on 8 May 1552 on "l'Isola", a peninsula adjacent to the Order's capital at Birgu. Meanwhile Fort Saint Elmo began to be built on the Sciberras peninsula, a much larger peninsula facing both Birgu and Isola (on which the city of Valletta and the town of Floriana were later built).
De Homedes died on 6 September 1553 and was succeeded by Claude de la Sengle as Grandmaster, who continued the fortification work started by de Homedes. He was buried in the crypt of the Chapel of St Anne in Fort Saint Angelo but his remains were later moved to St. John's Co-Cathedral in Valletta.
Portrayal in fiction.
De Homedes is portrayed in an unflattering light in Dorothy Dunnett's 1966 novel "The Disorderly Knights", which is set in 1551 during the Dragut Raid on Malta and Gozo and the subsequent fall of Tripoli. The novel shows him as miserly, cruel, partisan towards other Spanish knights, lacking in strategy, and extremely selfish.
He is also portrayed as an ineffectual and spiteful leader in Marthese Fenech's 2011 novel "Eight Pointed Cross", set in Malta and the Ottoman Empire in 1542 through 1551. "Eight Pointed Cross" depicts the loss of Gozo and Tripoli to Dragut Raïs and Sinan Pasha, and the Order's failure to help the over five thousand civilians captured in the sieges.
De Homedes appears in "The Course of Fortune" by Tony Rothman (J. Bolyston, 2015), in which his role in the first siege of Malta (1551), the sack of Gozo (1551) and his prosecution of the knights after the fall of Tripoli are described in detail.

</doc>
<doc id="7014821" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014821" title="Mut-vitz">
Mut-vitz

Mut-vitz is a fair trade certified coffee cooperative in the Mut-vitz, Zapatista area in Chiapas, in the south of Mexico.
It was founded in 1997, and forcibly dissolved by the Government of Chiapas in 2009, and is located in San Juan de la Libertad (current municipality of El Bosque, Chiapas).
History.
In 1997, around 200 producers founded Mut-vitz, taking the name of a mountain near the cooperative.
In 1998, they received the CertiMex certificate and the license to export. The cooperative already had 750 members.
In 2004, Mut-vitz had 643 coffee farmers.
The company forcibly dissolved by the Government of Chiapas in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="7014822" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014822" title="ETSAM">
ETSAM



</doc>
<doc id="7014827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014827" title="Seamie O'Dowd">
Seamie O'Dowd

Seamie O'Dowd is an Irish musician.
Biography.
Seamie O'Dowd is a guitarist, singer, and songwriter who also plays fiddle, harmonica, mandolin, and a number of other instruments.
He has travelled worldwide playing music and has shared stages and played with many great musicians and bands including the following;
Mairtin O'Connor, Cathal Hayden, Christy Moore, Declan Synott, The Chieftains, Jimmy Higgins, Tommy Emmanuel, Dervish, Steve Wickham, Matt Molloy, Liam O' Flynn, Thom Moore, Dick Gaughan, Cathy Jordan, Rick Epping, Kieran Quinn, John Joe Kelly, Martin Hayes, Dennis Cahill and Cathal Roche.
His experience also includes recording production, teaching and more recently, film soundtrack work, and encompasses solo performance as well as extensive work with bands and small groups as both a member and a session musician...

</doc>
<doc id="7014828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014828" title="Appropriate Adults">
Appropriate Adults



</doc>
<doc id="7014830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014830" title="New Jersey Redistricting Commission">
New Jersey Redistricting Commission

The New Jersey Redistricting Commission is a constitutional body of the government of New Jersey tasked with redrawing the state's Congressional election districts after each decade's census. Like Arizona, Idaho, Hawaii, Montana, and Washington; the redistricting is completed within an independent, bipartisan commission. The apportionment of members of the Redistricting Commission is carefully balanced between legislative and executive majorities and is purposefully designed to allow the minority party an equal number of seats on the commission. This commission deals with districts for the U.S. House of Representatives while the New Jersey Apportionment Commission deals with legislative districts for the New Jersey Legislature.
According to the state Constitution, New Jersey's commission has 13 members. The President of the Senate and Assembly Speaker each name two members; the minority leaders of both houses each name two members and the state's Democratic and Republican chairpersons each name two members. The 12 members then select a 13th tie-breaking member to chair of the commission. If they cannot agree on the 13th member, then each party submits a name to the state's Supreme Court, which chooses one as the 13th member. The commission is required to hold three public meetings but is otherwise allowed to meet in private until it releases its new map.
Congressional maps.
2013 to 2023.
On December 23, 2011, the New Jersey Congressional Redistricting Committee consolidated New Jersey's then 13 House seats into 12 congressional districts due to the results of the 2010 US Census.
Even though both houses of the New Jersey State Legislature were controlled by Democrats, and New Jersey's Congressional delegation in Washington, DC was made up of a majority of Democratic members, the half Democrat and half Republican Commission named a Republican, John Farmer, Jr., as its tie-breaker. Farmer was the former Chief Counsel to Republican Governor Christine Todd Whitman and former New Jersey Attorney General under Republican Governors Whitman and Donald Di Francesco. Earlier in the year, Farmer had been counsel to the New Jersey Apportionment Commission, but not a member of that Commission nor the tie-breaker. The tie-breaker on that Commission was Rutgers University Professor Alan Rosenthal, a Democrat. Of the six Democrats on the New Jersey Congressional Redistricting Commission, none were from Bergen County, which was the largest county by population in New Jersey.
On December 23, 2011, the Commission chose a map by a 7–6 vote, with Farmer voting for the map advocated for by Republican members. That map created a new 5th Congressional District, combining parts of the existing 5th Congressional District, represented by Rep. Scott Garrett, with parts of the 8th Congressional District, which was represented by Rep. William Pascrell, and parts of the 9th Congressional District, which was represented by Rep. Steve Rothman.
The Republican plan chosen by the Redistricting Commission removed seven of the largest Democratic vote-producing municipalities from the 9th District (the Jersey City, North Bergen, and Kearny sections of the District; Fairview, Hackensack, Fair Lawn, and two-thirds of Teaneck) and moved major Passaic County cities and towns (Paterson, Passaic and Clifton, Haledon and Prospect Park) into the 9th Congressional District. Meanwhile, the Democratic-held 13th district centered in Hudson County was eliminated altogether, with its remnants becoming the new 8th district. The remaining portions of the old 9th district were shifted into the strongly Republican 5th, thereby making that seat significantly more competitive. The incumbent congressmen in both the 8th and 9th districts, Bill Pascrell and Steve Rothman, announced that they would run in the Democratic primary for the redrawn 9th Congressional District. Rothman was defeated by Pascrell in the 2012 Democratic primary
In describing the redistricting process, "Record" editorial page editor Alfred Doblin wrote "While many folks are looking at the new 5th District as being a combination of the existing 5th and 9th districts, it's really the current 8th District that is getting the lion's share of Rothman's 9th. Rothman's constituents are in what these folks are calling Pascrell's district. From a Pascrell point of view, the conversation is going very nicely indeed. No one has been suggesting that Pascrell is the man under the bus. Few suggested last week that the Republican map was really about two incumbent Democrats battling each other, yet that may very well have been the GOP's intent all along." Doblin continued by writing that Rothman "had been swallowed by a whale," like the Biblical Jonah. He described Rothman as "'a mensch', 'a person of integrity and honor.'"
The 2012 elections immediately after the redistricting resulted in six Democrats and six Republicans being elected, despite President Obama winning the state 58–41% that year. However, the 2018 elections saw a strong Democratic electoral environment, and Democrats won 11 of the 12 districts, as the previously Republican-leaning 2nd, 3rd, 5th, 7th, and 11th district elected Democrats. The 4th district remained the only seat left with a Republican representative. At the end of the decade, Democrats held a 10-2 majority, with Republicans only holding the 2nd and 4th districts.
2023 to 2033.
On December 22, 2021, the Commission passed a new map following the 2020 census. This map advanced the Democratic proposal on a 7-6 vote, as the tie-breaker, Democrat John E. Wallace Jr., provided the decisive vote. The map converted the previously competitive 3rd, 5th, and 11th districts into more reliable Democratic seats while making the competitive Democratic-held 7th district more Republican. It was predicted that Democrats would win a 9-3 advantage of the map, which did occur after the 2022 elections, the first sections under the new map. This map is significantly more Democratic than its predecessor as Joe Biden would have carried 10 of the 12 districts, as opposed to the previous map's 9, and Phil Murphy would have carried 9 seats in 2021 as opposed to 6.

</doc>
<doc id="7014833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014833" title="Exsyringians">
Exsyringians



</doc>
<doc id="7014836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014836" title="Pooja Gautami Umashankar">
Pooja Gautami Umashankar



</doc>
<doc id="7014840" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014840" title="Asteroid moons">
Asteroid moons



</doc>
<doc id="7014842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014842" title="Harry's Mad">
Harry's Mad

Harry's Mad was a children's television programme that was shown on CITV in the United Kingdom between 4 January 1993 and 11 March 1996. It is based upon a book written by Dick King-Smith. Steve Attridge originally adapted the book and wrote most of the first 3 series.
Premise.
The show begins when Harry Holdsworth (Gareth Parrington) inherits his American great-uncle George's macaw named Madison. At first, the Holdsworth family are not very pleased with their new pet, but they soon start to notice that Madison is no ordinary parrot, and that he is highly intelligent and very articulate. He becomes an instant family member. As well as getting the Holdsworths out of many problems, Madison is also the cause of many too. Terry Crumm (Mark Billingham) hears about Madison's intelligence and sets out to steal him on many occasions, but most of the time Madison foils his plans and saves the day.
In the third series, the family sell their house and move to a rather run down hotel which they took over when Aunt Agatha moved to America. Harry is studying for his GCSEs back at his old school and so is not featured much in this series. Instead, Hattie, played by Amy Butterworth, and Jools, played by Richard Castillo, Aunt Agatha's adopted children, take his place.
In the fourth and final series, Jools leaves the family and Harry returns from his GCSEs.
Many guest stars appeared in "Harry's Mad" including Dave Lee Travis, Michaela Strachan and Steve Davis.
The parrot.
Madison was played by a living parrot in only certain scenes that required the view of his full body, such as when he was flying or perched on Harry's arm. In most other scenes, however, an animatronic parrot was used to allow Madison to talk and interact with other characters properly.

</doc>
<doc id="7014843" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014843" title="Leons">
Leons



</doc>
<doc id="7014846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014846" title="People's Constitution">
People's Constitution



</doc>
<doc id="7014849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014849" title="The King of Fuh">
The King of Fuh



</doc>
<doc id="7014851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014851" title="Tool discography">
Tool discography

The discography of American rock band Tool consists of five studio albums, one box set, two extended plays, four video albums, sixteen singles and eight music videos.
Tool was founded in 1990 by vocalist Maynard James Keenan and guitarist Adam Jones, who then recruited drummer Danny Carey and bassist Paul D'Amour. They initially released a demo EP in 1991 called "72826". Although demos are typically intended only for record labels, the band was so pleased with theirs that they sold copies to their fans. Tool signed to Zoo Entertainment just three months into their career, and released their first studio EP, "Opiate", in March 1992. After touring to positive reviews, they released their first full-length album, "Undertow", in April 1993. The album was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in 2021.
Shortly after entering the studio to record their second album in September 1995, the band experienced its only lineup change to date, with bassist D'Amour leaving amicably to pursue other projects. He was replaced by Justin Chancellor and recording resumed. October 1996 saw the release of "Ænima" which eventually beat Tool's debut in sales, and was certified triple platinum by the RIAA in 2003. The third single from the album, "Ænema", won the Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 1998. Following legal battles with their label, the band went on hiatus. Tool returned in May 2001 with the release of "Lateralus". The album reached number one on the US "Billboard" 200 chart in its debut week, and was certified triple platinum in April 2021. The first single, "Schism", won a Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 2002. Again waiting five years between releases, "10,000 Days" was released in May 2006. The album sold 564,000 copies in its opening week in the US, debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200, and was certified double platinum by the RIAA in April 2021. The album won a Grammy Award for Best Recording Package in 2007. In August 2019, Tool released "Fear Inoculum". In March 2022, Tool re-released the song "Opiate" as a single titled "Opiate²". This was a re-recorded version of "Opiate", as the "Opiate" EP turned 30 years old that year.

</doc>
<doc id="7014852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014852" title="Constitution (Thailand)">
Constitution (Thailand)



</doc>
<doc id="7014853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014853" title="Constitution, Thailand">
Constitution, Thailand



</doc>
<doc id="7014856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014856" title="Stolt-Nielsen">
Stolt-Nielsen

Stolt-Nielsen Limited (SNL) provides transportation and storage for liquids, notably specialty and bulk liquid chemicals. It also has an aquaculture division that grows turbot and other fish and fish products.
Founded in 1959, corporate services are provided from London. Most of the company's operations are in the United States, the Netherlands, and Singapore.
History.
Founding.
Company founder Jacob Stolt-Nielsen began his career training at a ship brokerage in London, when he noticed an increase in certain kinds of liquids being shipped over the sea, especially those that served as the base materials for plastics. He moved to New York City in order to work for R.J. Chianelli, a broker in the chemicals industry that focused on these products. He witnessed the explosion in growth of the plastics industry, building on technology developed during World War II. However, the basic materials needed for the creation of plastics were new substances that the traditional shipping industry did not yet know how to ship safely or effectively.
There was a need in the industry for tankers that could transport different liquid chemicals in separation from each other, in order to keep the substances strictly pure upon delivery. There was also a need for the creation of packaging or housing the materials such that they would not eat through the containment. He developed a system using deep-well submersible pumps: one pump and one tank per parcel of liquid, in order to maintain the purity of the substances and the integrity of the containment. For his idea he received 20% of a new venture looking to monetize the idea, with Chianelli receiving 20% and 60% going to a customer of theirs, C.P. Steuber. The new firm was called Chemical Carriers Inc., formed one year after Stolt-Nielsen had first arrived in the US.
The new system improved the cost efficiency of shipping the chemicals by over 300%, resulting in an immediate profit for the company and the nickname "Jackpot Nielsen" for the new method's inventor. The maiden voyage of the new tanker system was made on board the "Freddy". This was the prototype for the "parcel tanker", a further development on the idea by Stolt-Nielsen. Stolt-Nielsen leveraged his invention into his work as a ship broker, and in 1959 Stolt-Nielsen officially became a ship owner with his purchase of the "Stolt Avance".
1959-2000.
The company purchased the "Fossvik" in 1961, which was renamed the "Stolt Avenir", followed by the "Ringerd", renamed the "Stolt Victor". In 1962 the company opened its first Asian office in Tokyo, in order for the "Victor" to service that area of the world. By 1963 the company had offices in Oslo, Norway; New York, United States and Tokyo, Japan and was operating 18 ships. In 1965 the company purchased the "Stolt Condor" and "Stolt Atlantic", all time-chartered to Parcel Tankers, and run from the port at Haugesund, Norway. They also began to expand into South America. In 1971 the first storage terminal was acquired and in 1972 Sea Farms (then not part of the Stolt-Nielsen Group) was founded. In 1988 the company issued an initial public offering on NASDAQ. Jacob passed on his position as CEO to his son Niels G. Stolt-Nielsen in 2000, with Jacob staying as chairman of the company.
US federal investigation.
Stolt-Nielsen entered an amnesty agreement in January 2003 with the United States Department of Justice (DOJ), on condition that it fully disclose the operating activities of its competitors and partners. The result of this disclosure led to criminal charges against two companies, Odfjell and JO Tankers. The DOJ rescinded its amnesty and withdrew from the agreement with Stolt-Nielsen in March 2004. Stolt-Nielsen responded by filing civil complaints against the government, arguing that the DOJ had illegally breached its contract with Stolt-Nielsen by withdrawing amnesty. The resulting trial in 2005 ruled unanimously in favor of Stolt-Nielsen and its executives. The court issued injunctions restricting the DOJ from indicting the company and found that the DOJ had not provided sufficient proof that Stolt-Nielsen was in breach of contract.
2000s.
In 2005 the company saw a 61% in operating income. In 2007 the company voluntarily delisted from NASDAQ, and the DOJ dismissed all antitrust accusations against the company. By the end of 2007 the company had recovered from the dismissed allegations, with a $216.4 million profit and a 12% increase in operating revenue to $1.75 billion. The US Supreme Court refused to hear the appeal of antitrust allegations. The decision enabled Stolt-Nielsen to petition the district court in Philadelphia to dismiss the indictment based on the amnesty agreement—a petition that was successful. The court threw out the three-year attempt to indict Stolt-Nielsen, as it had fully complied with the amnesty agreement they had previously signed.
In 2009 Jacob Stolt-Nielsen stepped down as Chairman, remaining a director of the board. He was succeeded by then Vice-Chairman Christer Olsson, a member of the board since 1993. In 2011 the company transported 17.4 million tons in 12,179 parcels for 410 customers, with ships able to transport more than 600 different chemicals. That year the company had also taken the lead in anti-piracy efforts, spending over $1 million per month to protect its ships, with the use of various technologies and armed guards.
2010s.
In the aftermath of Hurricane Isaac, it was discovered that Stolthaven LLC's terminal in Braithwaite, Louisiana (near New Orleans) terminal leaked thousands of gallons of hazardous material. In addition there were several railroad tankers that were full of hazardous material and left at the plant for the duration of the hurricane. Many of the rail cars were overturned and potentially leaked hazardous material. On 11 September 2012 Stolthaven reported to the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality that it had potentially leaked 97.3 gallons of benzene, 177,568 gallons of diethylethanolamine, 97.3 gallons of naphthalene, and large amounts of various other hazardous chemicals. The LDEQ immediately launched an investigation to determine the amount of chemicals spilled and to assess the hurricane preparedness of the Braithwaite terminal. The LDEQ fined Stolthaven LLC twice, once for a false reporting of a chemical spill, and second for a lack of preparation for the hurricane.
In May 2014, the company made a partnership with the Dutch multinational commodity trading company, Trafigura to develop a new bitumen terminal in the UK. It was announced that the companies have plans to begin operations at the import center from mid-2015 at Stolthaven Terminals’ Dagenham site, east of London. The Dutch trading company are proposing to invest at least £15m over ten years.
In June 2015, Stolt-Nielsen and Golar LNG announced a joint venture to pursue production and distribution opportunities. The firm also made a strategic investment in the Golar, acquiring a 2.3 percent stake.
In November 2016, Stolt-Nielsen announced the completion of the acquisition of the chemical tanker operations of Jo Tankers consisting of 13 chemical tankers and a 50% share in a joint venture with eight chemical tanker newbuildings, representing an enterprise value of $575.0 million.
Operations.
Headquarters.
Stolt-Nielsen Limited is registered in Bermuda. Corporate services are provided from Rotterdam and London. The parcel tanker, terminal and tank container businesses are managed from Rotterdam, and the aquaculture business is in Spain.
Stolt tankers.
The company first started with a single charter tanker, and today the Stolt Tankers division is the world's largest parcel tanker company with a fleet of more than 160 deep-sea, coastal and inland tankers.
Stolthaven terminals.
Stolthaven Terminals operates a global network of 20 owned and joint-venture bulk-liquid terminals with a total of 4.1 million cubic meters of storage capacity. The company's six wholly owned terminals are located in New Orleans and Houston in the U.S, Santos in Brazil, Singapore, London in the UK and Moerdijk in the Netherlands. Stolthaven has nine majority-owned terminals in Australia and New Zealand, and also participates in five joint-venture operations: Antwerp in Belgium, Westport in Malaysia, Ulsan in South Korea, and Ningbo and Tianjin in China. The company also operates and maintains more than 450 railroad tank cars in North America.
Stolt tank containers.
Jacob Stolt-Nielsen helped establish United Tank Containers in 1978, starting small with only a few units. The outfit was eventually renamed Stolt Tank Containers (STC). It currently operates the world's largest fleet of stainless steel ISO tank containers, with more than 47,000 units in service. The fleet is supported by a global network of 21 offices, depots and repair and cleaning facilities in locations worldwide.
Stolt-Nielsen gas.
Stolt-Nielsen Limited entered the market for the transportation of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) in late 2009. The company purchased the "Althea Gas", built in 2003, and the "VLGC Yuhsho", built in 1999. The company began further integrating the gas business into its business model by the purchase of second-hand liquefied petroleum gas carriers, operating in both the spot and short-term period markets. On 19 November 2010 SNG entered into a partnership with Sungas Holdings Ltd to become equal shareholders in Avance Gas Holding Ltd, which was previously wholly owned by SNG. Avance Gas now owns six VLGCs.
Stolt Bitumen Services.
Stolt Bitumen Services (SBS) was wound down in 2019. It was a division of Stolt-Nielsen Limited that focused on the distribution of bitumen using bitumen tankers, bitutainers and storage terminals.
Stolt Sea Farm.
The company got into commercial-scale aquaculture in 1972. The company first started farming salmon and rainbow trout, deciding that it would be easier than other stocks, such as lobster and sea trout. They began their efforts under the name Sea Farm, so there was no name association to Stolt-Nielsen in its early years. The separate company went public in 1985, which it remained until it was purchased by Stolt-Nielsen in 2006. In 2005 the salmon, trout, halibut, tilapia, cod, sturgeon and caviar operations of Stolt Sea Farm were merged into Marine Harvest. In 2006 the sturgeon and caviar operation was merged back into the Stolt Sea Farm group. After selling its Sterling Caviar business in 2021, today Stolt Sea Farm is a land-based fish farm producer of turbot and sole.

</doc>
<doc id="7014860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014860" title="Jhal Jhao">
Jhal Jhao

Jhal Jhao () is a small town located in the southern part of Balochistan, Pakistan in Awaran District. It is located at 26°18'10N 65°34'49E and has an altitude of 347 m (1141 ft) The town's population is around 10,000 as of 2005. The town is mostly constituted of mud houses and small canals that supply water. It is surrounded by tall, arid mountains and deserts. The only way to enter and exit Jhal Jhao is by the Bela Awaran Road.
The town does not have a lot of income, as there is not a wide range of economic industry in the area. It is also impossible to cultivate anything near Jhal Jhao as it is too arid or hot. Rainfall comes only 2-3 times a year, never exceeding 20 mm. Most of the income comes from the town's shoe-making industry.
In 1987, US aid developed a small road which would link Jhal Jhao with the Bela Awaran Road. Before that, the only way to enter Jhal Jhao was through air transport, specifically helicopters. There are currently no construction projects happening in Jhal Jhao.

</doc>
<doc id="7014867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014867" title="Gregorio Carafa">
Gregorio Carafa

Fra Gregorio Carafa (17 March 1615 – 21 July 1690) was a nobleman from the House of Carafa and the 61st Grand Master of the Order of Saint John, from 1680 to his death in 1690.
Early life.
Carafa was born on 17 March 1615 in Castelvetere (modern Caulonia) in Calabria, Italy to Girolamo, Prince of Roccella and Diana Vittori, the niece of Pope Paul IV. His brother was the Cardinal Carlo Carafa della Spina.
He was enlisted with the Order of Saint John when he was only three months, in June 1615. He studied in Naples where various dignitaries and knights of the Order contributed to his education. In 1635, he went to Catalonia with his uncle Francesco Carafa, the prior general of Roccella. Carafa was soon promoted to Knight Grand Cross of the Order, and was promoted to prior general of Rocella after his uncle died.
In 1647, he was involved in the Masaniello revolt where he tried to restore peace and order in Naples. After the defeat of the rebels, he was sent to Calabria to quell the uprising there. These accomplishments led to his promotion and command appointment of the Order's fleet.
In 1656, he became the commander for the 7 Maltese galleys at the Battle of the Dardanelles. In this battle, the joint Venetian-Maltese fleet was victorious, and as a reward, Malta received 11 captured Ottoman ships. This battle was considered the heaviest naval defeat for the Ottomans since the Battle of Lepanto.
After the victorious battle, he was welcomed and recognized in Malta as a hero. Subsequently, he reclaimed the wetlands at Bormola and strengthened the Order's fleet.
Magistracy.
In 1682, he was elected Grand Master of the Order after the death of Nicolas Cotoner. In the same year that he became Grand Master, Carafa paid for the renovation of Auberge d'Italie. The facade was rebuilt in Baroque style, and a bronze bust of Carafa was placed in a prominent position over the front door of the Auberge. His personal coat of arms was also sculpted close to the bust.
From 1681 onwards, Fort Saint Angelo was strengthened and rebuilt by the architect Carlos de Grunenbergh, at Carafa's request. Carafa's name appears on the plaque above the fort's main gate.
During his reign, the Order's navy was at its peak, with galleys led by knights and manned by experienced crews. Fearing an Ottoman attack, in 1687 Carafa strengthened Fort Saint Elmo by building a series of fortifications known as the Carafa Enceinte on the foreshore surrounding the fortress.
Playing Cards were introduced in Malta during his reign.
Carafa died on 21 July 1690 and was succeeded by Adrien de Wignacourt. He is buried in the Chapel of the Langue of Italy of St. John's Co-Cathedral in Valletta, Malta.

</doc>
<doc id="7014870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014870" title="Samuel Frederick Gray">
Samuel Frederick Gray

Samuel Frederick Gray (10 December 1766 – 12 April 1828) was a British botanist, mycologist, and pharmacologist. He was the father of the zoologists John Edward Gray and George Robert Gray.
Background.
He was the son of Samuel Gray, a London seedsman. He received no inheritance and, after failing to qualify for medicine, turned to medical and botanical writing. He married Elizabeth Forfeit in 1794 and moved to Walsall, Staffordshire, where he established an assay office before he moved back to London in 1800.
He set up an apothecary business in Wapping, which failed within a few years. Then, he seems to have maintained himself by writing and lecturing.
Medical writings.
Gray wrote a "Supplement to the Pharmacopoeia", published in 1818 with several subsequent editions. In 1819, he became co-editor of the "London Medical Repository", to which he contributed many articles on medical, botanical, and other topics. He published, in 1823, "The Elements of Pharmacy" and, in 1828, "The Operative Chemist", both practical reference works.
"The Natural Arrangement of British Plants".
Gray's major text of interest today is "The Natural Arrangement of British Plants", published in two volumes in 1821. The authorship is disputed, and his son, John Edward Gray, later claimed to have done most of the work, but that was not supported by his grandson. The book itself is innovative, being the first British flora to employ Antoine Laurent de Jussieu's natural system of plant classification, an improvement on the artificial classification of Linnaeus. Probably, that was what made it be poorly received by conservative botanists of the day. "The Natural Arrangement of British Plants" also included substantial sections on fungi, then classed as cryptogamic plants, introducing many new genera, including "Auriscalpium", "Coltricia", "Leccinum", and "Steccherinum", which remain in current use.
Despite its recognised nomenclatural importance today, it was neglected by British botanists after its publication for "its idiosyncrasies, anti-Linnaean character, unorthodox nomenclature, narrow generic concepts and contemporary hostility to the supposed author R. A. Salisbury."

</doc>
<doc id="7014874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014874" title="Thrasher presents Skate and Destroy">
Thrasher presents Skate and Destroy



</doc>
<doc id="7014875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014875" title="Joint Association of Boxers">
Joint Association of Boxers

The Joint Association of Boxers was founded as a union in May 2003 in order to obtain collective bargaining rights for boxers. Founded by Eddie Mustafa Muhammad, the JAB was affiliated with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. In April 2004, the first fight organized by the JAB under a collective agreement was conducted between Jeremy Williams and Attila Levin.

</doc>
<doc id="7014876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014876" title="Kaimakchalan">
Kaimakchalan



</doc>
<doc id="7014877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014877" title="Rudník, Košice-okolie District">
Rudník, Košice-okolie District

Rudník () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.
Culture.
The village has a general store. In the village is the historic church of St. Juraja (St. George) and the House of Culture (social gathering hall). Three kilometers above the village is the church of St. Anne. 
Transport.
There is a bus line from Košice to the village.

</doc>
<doc id="7014879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014879" title="2005–06 Serie B">
2005–06 Serie B

The 2005–06 Serie B is the 74th season since its establishment in 1929. It is the second highest football league in Italy.
Teams.
Cremonese, Rimini, Mantova and Avellino had been promoted from Serie C, while Bologna, Brescia and Atalanta had been relegated from Serie A.
Stadiums and locations.
These are the 22 teams which took part in the Serie B 2005-06:
Final classification.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Play-off.
Promotion play-off.
"hc = higher classified team in the regular season"

</doc>
<doc id="7014882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014882" title="La Estrella Norte">
La Estrella Norte

La Estrella Norte and La Estrella Oeste were two Spanish-language, regional newspapers based in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico. Both editions covered 36 towns of the western and northern areas of Puerto Rico. The papers closed down in 2015.
As of 2006, "La Estrella" is the biggest regional newspaper, in terms of circulation, in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, with a combined weekly circulation of 117,000. "La Estrella" was the first regional newspaper to be audited in Puerto Rico by the Circulation Verification Council (CVC). "La Estrella" is distributed door to door across the 36 towns of the western and northern areas of Puerto Rico.
The newspaper was founded in 1983, and was intended to cover news and features from Puerto Rico's western towns. Later in the 1980s, "La Estrella Norte" was founded to cover news and features about Puerto Rico's northern towns.

</doc>
<doc id="7014884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014884" title="Dranma">
Dranma



</doc>
<doc id="7014894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014894" title="Madrid School of Architecture">
Madrid School of Architecture



</doc>
<doc id="7014897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014897" title="Martin de Redin">
Martin de Redin

Fra' Martin de Redin (Pamplona, 1579 – Malta, 6 February 1660) was a Spanish military and political figure, and the 58th Prince and Grand Master of the Order of Malta. He became Grand Prior of the Order of Malta of Navarra in 1641, and Viceroy of Sicily in 1656.
He was elected Grand Master of the Knights Hospitaller in 1657 after the death of Giovanni Paolo Lascaris. During his rule, he commissioned the building of 13 de Redin watch towers around the coast of Malta. These towers created a line of communication around the island to give warning of the approach of corsairs and pirates.
De Redin also created a corps of 4,000 musketeers, and brought in food and supplies from Sicily when Malta suffered a shortage during his reign.

</doc>
<doc id="7014904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014904" title="Myasishchev 3M">
Myasishchev 3M



</doc>
<doc id="7014908" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014908" title="Xarolla Windmill">
Xarolla Windmill

The Xarolla Windmill at Żurrieq, Malta is one of the windmills constructed by the Order of St. John in the villages and towns of Malta. It was built in the 18th century and is presently one of the most preserved windmills in Malta. The windmill is an agri-tourism attraction and is found in a complex of agricultural buildings such as a farmhouse, a chapel, catacombs and others. The windmill is also used as an art studio.
In 1674 Grand Master Nicolas Cotoner built five windmills around Malta, one of which was tax-Xarolla. Tax-Xarolla Windmill was built by Grand Master Antonio Manoel de Vilhena in 1724. Sometimes after 1998, this was restored to its original working order. It is now the only functioning windmill on the islands of Malta. This is a valuable witness of local culture and heritage; it still has parts of the original mechanisms and can still grind the wheat. In the year 2000, this building was passed over to be administered by the Żurrieq Local Council and is intended to serve also as a cultural centre. The sails were extensively damaged in a gale on 18 March 2022.

</doc>
<doc id="7014909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014909" title="Lift Yr. Skinny Fists Like Antennas to Heaven!">
Lift Yr. Skinny Fists Like Antennas to Heaven!



</doc>
<doc id="7014917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014917" title="Gémeaux Awards">
Gémeaux Awards



</doc>
<doc id="7014922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014922" title="Northern white rhinoceros">
Northern white rhinoceros

The northern white rhinoceros or northern white rhino (Ceratotherium simum cottoni) is one of two subspecies of the white rhinoceros (the other being the southern white rhinoceros). This subspecies is a grazer in grasslands and savanna woodlands. Formerly found in several countries in East and Central Africa south of the Sahara, since 19 March 2018, there are only two known rhinos of this subspecies left, named Najin and Fatu, both of which are female; barring the existence of unknown or misclassified male northern white rhinos elsewhere in Africa, this makes the subspecies functionally extinct. The two female rhinos belong to the Dvůr Králové Zoo in the Czech Republic but live in the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya where they are protected by armed guards. 
According to the latest International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) assessment from 2020, the subspecies is considered "Critically Endangered (Possibly Extinct in the Wild)."
Taxonomy.
Following the phylogenetic species concept, a study in 2010 suggested the northern white rhinoceros may be an altogether different species, rather than a subspecies of white rhinoceros, in which case its correct scientific name would be "Ceratotherium cottoni". According to the study, distinct morphological and genetic differences suggest the northern white rhinoceros and southern white rhinoceros have been separated for at least a million years. However, the results of this research were not universally accepted by other scientists. A study in 2016 concluded that the two populations diverged between 0.46 and 0.97 million years ago and found their mitochondrial genomes to be 1.8% divergent. Based on these findings, the study concluded that classification as a subspecies was appropriate.
Living rhinos.
Ol Pejeta Conservancy.
 
There are now only two northern white rhinos left in the world:
They both belong to the Dvůr Králové Zoo in the Czech Republic, but live in Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya, Africa. They arrived at the conservancy after an air and road trip on 20 December 2009, along with two male northern white rhinos from the Dvůr Králové Zoo, Suni and Sudan. However, Suni, a male born at Dvůr Králové Zoo in 1980, died from natural causes in Ol Pejeta Conservancy in 2014. Sudan, caught from the wild in 1975, died on 19 March 2018.
After the transport, the four rhinos were under constant watch by specialists and staff and lived in specially constructed bomas with access to a paddock area, allowing them to acclimatize to their new surroundings. Ol Pejeta provides 24-hour armed security for the rhino enclosure. To prevent any unnecessary injuries they might inflict on each other while interacting in their fenced area, and give their horns an opportunity to regrow to a natural shape (as their front horns had grown bent by much rubbing against enclosure bars in captivity), all the rhinos were sedated and their horns were sawn off. This also made them less vulnerable to the poaching that drove their species to near extinction, as the horn is what the poachers are after. In place of their horns, radio transmitters have been installed to allow closer monitoring of their whereabouts. They are protected round-the-clock by armed guards. Poachers have been selling their horns for $110,000 per kilogram ($50,000 per pound).
Since May 2010, the northern white rhino male Sudan was moved from the initial holding pens to a much larger semiwild enclosure. There he roamed among many African animals, including several southern white rhino females and many plains animals. On 26 October 2011, the females were coaxed into the larger enclosure.
Until 2011, the progress of this attempt at saving the northern white rhinoceros was documented on the initiative's website; and their life in Ol Pejeta Conservancy is commented on the Conservancy's website. Several documentaries are in the works, including an episode of "Ol Pejeta Diaries" titled "Return of the African Titans" for Oasis HD Canada in fall 2010, and a follow-up half-hour episode to follow. This translocation was also the subject of a special edition of the BBC's "Last Chance to See", titled "Return of the Rhino", presented by Stephen Fry and the zoologist Mark Carwardine.
On 25 April 2012, and on 27 May 2012, Suni and Najin mated. Pregnancy of the female rhinos was monitored weekly. Rhinoceros gestation takes 16 to 18 months, so in January 2014 the Conservancy considered Najin not pregnant, and a male southern white rhino from Lewa Wildlife Conservancy was put to Najin and Fatu enclosure in Ol Pejeta to at least intercross the subspecies. To achieve this, both female northern white rhinos were separated from their male counterparts, which prevented them from producing a pure northern white rhino offspring. In 2015, however, tests conducted by Czech specialists revealed that neither of the females are "capable of natural reproduction". According to the director of the Dvůr Králové Zoo, it was possible Najin became pregnant but miscarried shortly thereafter, which resulted in pathological changes in her uterus, preventing another impregnation.
Assisted reproduction.
At the end of 2015, scientists from the Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research, San Diego Zoo Global, Tiergarten Schönbrunn, and Dvůr Králové Zoo developed a plan to reproduce northern white rhinos using natural gametes of the living rhinos and induced pluripotent stem cells. Subsequently, in the future, it might be possible to specifically mature the cells into specific cells such as neurons and muscle cells, in a similar way in which Katsuhiko Hayashi has grown mouse oocytes out of simple skin cells. The DNA of a dozen northern white rhinos has been preserved in genetic banks in Berlin and San Diego.
In August 2019, ten egg cells (five from Najin and five from Fatu) were harvested to be artificially inseminated with the frozen sperm of a northern white rhino as part of a project by the Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research, Dvůr Králové Zoo, Kenya Wildlife Service, and Avantea. In September 2019, scientists announced that they fertilized in vitro the eggs with frozen sperm taken from dead males; two of the resulting embryos were viable. In January 2020, it was announced that another embryo was created using the same techniques; all three embryos are from Fatu. These embryos are being stored in liquid nitrogen until they can be placed into a surrogate mother, probably a southern white rhino. In December 2020, 14 egg cells were retrieved from Fatu; eight of them were fertilised by the sperm of the dead northern white rhino Suni, resulting in two viable embryos. No egg cells were retrieved from Najin. , there are 30 northern white rhino embryos that have been created by BioRescue. The embryos are cryopreserved in labs in Berlin, Germany and Cremona, Italy. The BioRescue team successfully implanted a northern white rhino embryo in a southern white rhino surrogate named Curra in 2023 in a complicated procedure, but Curra died in November due to a rare bacterial infection. Efforts to reproduce the pregnancy are ongoing.
Recently deceased rhinos.
Wild population.
The northern white rhino formerly ranged over parts of northwestern Uganda, southern South Sudan, the eastern part of Central African Republic, and northeastern Democratic Republic of the Congo. Their range possibly extended as far west as Lake Chad, into Chad and Cameroon.
Poachers reduced their population from 500 to 15 in the 1970s and 1980s. From the early 1990s through mid-2003, the population recovered to more than 32 animals. Since mid-2003, poaching has intensified and further reduced the wild population.
Garamba National Park.
The last known surviving population of wild northern white rhinos was in Garamba National Park, Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).
In January 2005, the government of the DRC approved a two-part plan for five northern white rhinos to be moved from Garamba National Park to a wildlife sanctuary in Kenya. The second part commits the government and its international partners to increase conservation efforts in Garamba, so the northern white rhinos can be returned when it is safe again. However, the translocation did not occur.
In August 2005, ground and aerial surveys conducted under the direction of African Parks Foundation and the African Rhino Specialist Group (ARSG) had only found four animals, a solitary adult male and a group of one adult male and two adult females. They were the last known wild northern white rhinos, according to the World Wide Fund for Nature.
In June 2008, it was reported that the species may have gone extinct in the wild, since there has been no sighting of these four known remaining individuals since 2006, or of their signs since 2007, despite intensive systematic ground and aerial searches in 2008. One carcass has been found. On 28 November 2009, two Russian helicopter pilots reported seeing rhinoceroses in southern Sudan. It was assumed that the three rhinos that were spotted belonged to the northern white rhinoceros subspecies, as black rhinos had not lived in the area for a long time and southern white rhinos never lived in southern Sudan. However, as of August 2011, no other sightings have been reported, and this population is now considered to have probably gone extinct.
Captive population.
At the beginning of 2015, the fully captive northern white rhino population consisted of only two animals maintained in two zoological institutions: in the United States (San Diego Zoo Safari Park) and the Czech Republic (Dvůr Králové Zoo). However, both of them died later the same year, and no zoo in the world has any northern white rhinos any longer.
Dvůr Králové Zoo.
In 1975, the Dvůr Králové Zoo, located in Dvůr Králové nad Labem, Czech Republic, got six northern white rhinos from Sudan and, in later years, two more from English zoos. One rhino from an English zoo arrived pregnant. The Dvůr Králové Zoo is the only zoo in the world where northern white rhinos birthed offspring, with the last calf being born in 2000; the current world population consists of their shared descendants.
Former residents include:
Dvůr Králové Zoo sent Suni, Sudan and two females, which are still alive, to the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya on 19 December 2009 in a joint effort by the zoo, Fauna and Flora International, Back to Africa, Lewa, and Kenya Wildlife Service. Hoping to stimulate the rhinos' sexual appetite, the zoo decided to send them back into their natural habitat in Kenya. The agreement with the Kenyan government expects the rhinos never to be returned to the Czech Republic.
The female named Nabire stayed in Dvůr Králové Zoo, because, as Jan Stejskal, a projects coordinator at the zoo, stated, "she is no longer capable of breeding naturally. But it seems she has one healthy ovary and this could provide us with material from which to create an embryo in artificial conditions." Efforts to do so began in autumn 2014. Immediately after the death of Nabire in 2015, her ovary with four oocytes was removed and transferred to a laboratory in Cremona, Italy. The laboratory was able to extract two egg cells and fertilise them. However, without consulting the Dvůr Králové Zoo, the semen of a southern white rhino was used instead of a northern white rhino, which the zoo considers a wasted opportunity. Nevertheless, the experiment showed that viable hybrid embryos of the northern and southern white rhino are possible through IVF, as well as a path to the creation of pure northern white rhino embryos.
San Diego Zoo Safari Park.
The San Diego Zoo Safari Park in San Diego, California, had eight wild-caught northern white rhinos.
Former residents include:
The San Diego Wild Animal Park provided Angalifu's semen to female rhinos at the Dvůr Králové Zoo but the insemination attempts were unsuccessful. The only reproductive animals of this subspecies were transported to Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya.
In 2016, it was reported that scientists were exploring alternatives (such as artificial insemination, in vitro fertilization and embryo transfer) to develop northern white rhino embryos and implant them in female southern white rhinos at the San Diego Zoo.

</doc>
<doc id="7014923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014923" title="Copped Hall">
Copped Hall

Copped Hall, also known as Copt Hall or Copthall, is a mid-18th-century English country house close to Waltham Abbey, Essex, which has been undergoing restoration since 1999. Today, Copped Hall refers to the upstanding house, while Copt Hall or Copthall refer to the older Tudor and earlier houses. Copped Hall is visible from the M25 motorway between junctions 26 and 27. 
There was a separate Copped Hall (or Coppeed Hall) in Totteridge, which is not to be confused with this building. 
History.
Foundation.
King Richard I bestowed the lands on Richard Fitz Aucher to hold them in fee, and hereditarily of the Abbey. During the reign of Edward I Copthall continued in the possession of the Fitz Aucher family until it came into the hands of the Abbot until the Dissolution of the Monasteries by King Henry VIII.
Heyday.
Sir Thomas Heneage received the estate of Copthall on 13 August 1564 from Queen Elizabeth I, where he subsequently built an elaborate mansion. The Queen was a frequent visitor to Essex and she is recorded as having visited Heneage at Copthall in 1575. His daughter, afterwards Countess of Winchelsea, sold it to the Earl of Middlesex in the reign of James I. From him it passed to Charles Sackville, Earl of Dorset, who sold it in 1701 to Sir Thomas Webster, Bt.
Edward Conyers purchased the estate in 1739, but he only owned the house for three years before dying in 1742. Conyers' son John (1717-1775) inherited the property and considered repairing the original Hall as it had become dilapidated. However, in the end he decided to build a new house on a different site. This was built between 1751 and 1758 after demolishing the old one around 1748.
The Georgian house, a large structure set in landscaped parkland, "has long been celebrated as one of the principal ornament of the country". The gardens of the main house have a ha-ha (a disguised ditch), which allows animals to approach yet prevents them from entering. It was a good example of the '18th-century house in landscape'. The mansion was placed overlooking two valleys with a third valley to the north. The building was well proportioned, with the chimneys built in a tight geometric arrangement.
The next member of the family to inherit Copped Hall was his son John Conyers (1748-1818), who extensively altered the house.
Decline.
His son, Henry John Conyers (1782–1853), was said to be so obsessed with hunting that he neglected the house. He was survived by three daughters. The house was finally sold by the family in 1869. It was bought by George Wythes (1811-1883), who had made his fortune in civil engineering, building railways around the world.
"Country Life" magazine ran two articles on Copped Hall in 1910, illustrated with many photographs.
The main house was gutted in an accidental fire one Sunday morning in 1917 which was caused by an electrical fault.
The Wythes family, who were the then occupiers, moved into Wood House on the estate. Ernest Wythes died in 1949 and his wife died in 1951. Around 1950 the estate was sold, after which followed a period of total neglect, see Destruction of country houses in 20th-century Britain. The main 18th-century house was first stripped of its more desirable building materials then left to deteriorate. The orangery was blown up as an army training exercise in the 1960s. All the statues in the gardens were sold and removed to other large estate houses; some ended up in Anglesey Abbey in Cambridgeshire. Nineteen stone obelisks were purchased by the renowned diarist Sir Henry ‘Chips’ Channon and moved to Kelvedon Hall near, Brentwood, Essex. A gazebo from the garden was set up in the grounds of St Paul's Walden Bury.
In 1995, the derelict shell of the main house was used as a location for the music video for I Can't Be with You by The Cranberries.
Restoration.
In 1995 the Copped Hall Trust acquired the freehold of the house, ancillary buildings and gardens, all of which they are slowly restoring. The house can be visited on certain days, with progress being made to replicate its Georgian décor. The surrounding parkland is now owned by the Conservators of Epping Forest, the City of London. 
On 27 April 2004 Charles, Prince of Wales, accompanied by the Lord Lieutenant of Essex, Lord Petre, visited Copped Hall and inspected the restoration work. The Prince opened an exhibition of 18th-century botanical water-colours in the new temporary gallery. These water-colours were painted by Matilda Conyers, the daughter of John Conyers, who built Copped Hall.
The West Essex Archaeology Group (WEAG) hold annual excavations at a site in the Copped Hall grounds. These largely focus on the earthwork remains of the Tudor house, which predates the standing Georgian house. The digs comprise archaeology weekends for those with little experience, and a five-day field school for the more experienced.
Wood House.
Wood House is a 19th-century home on the Copped Hall estate, built in 1895 by Ernest James Wythes. He moved here from the main Copped Hall house when much of the Palladian mansion was destroyed by fire in 1917 and during its rebuilding, though subsequently remaining at Wood House. Singer Rod Stewart lived in the property for a number of years before selling it in March 2019 for just over £4 million.

</doc>
<doc id="7014924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014924" title="Federation of Euro-Asian Stock Exchanges">
Federation of Euro-Asian Stock Exchanges

The Federation of Euro-Asian Stock Exchanges (FEAS) is a non-profit international organization comprising the main stock exchanges in Eastern Europe, the Middle East, and Central Asia. The purpose of the Federation is to contribute to the cooperation, development, support and promotion of capital markets in Eurasia, although membership in the Federation is open to markets internationally. It was established on 16 May 1995 with 12 founding members in Istanbul, Turkey. Currently, the FEAS has 30 members which include stock exchanges, post trade institutions, dealers associations, and regional federations from 29 countries. The Federation's headquarters are located in Yerevan, Armenia.
Membership.
Full members.
Full members of the Federation of Euro-Asian Stock Exchanges, include:
Affiliate members.
Affiliate members of the Federation of Euro-Asian Stock Exchanges, include:
Observer members.
Observer members of the Federation of Euro-Asian Stock Exchanges, include:
Partnerships.
The Federation of Euro-Asian Stock Exchanges also maintains various partnership agreements with several financial institutions, including:

</doc>
<doc id="7014928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014928" title="Qila Saifullah">
Qila Saifullah



</doc>
<doc id="7014931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014931" title="Trebejov">
Trebejov

Trebejov () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia. In historical records, the village was first mentioned in 1289. The village lies at an altitude of 240 m, and covers an area of 7.671 km².

</doc>
<doc id="7014932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014932" title="Congo pufferfish">
Congo pufferfish

The Congo puffer or potato puffer ("Tetraodon miurus") is a freshwater pufferfish found in areas of the Congo River in Africa, including rapids.
Description.
Congo puffers can grow to an approximate length of 15 cm.
Like all members of the genus "Tetraodon", the Congo puffer is capable of inflating itself with water or air when stressed or otherwise frightened. It also has a deadly toxin like most species. 
They are inactive fishes, spending most of their time buried in sand or other substrate, with the ability to adapt their colouration to hide from potential prey. However, many colour variations are seen within the species, ranging from black to sandy to bright red. If in a dark substrate, it will generally become darker in color.
In captivity.
Congo puffers require a tank with at least 60cm in length, 40cm depth and 30cm tall.
It is important that the Congo puffer is provided with a very soft, sand substrate - at least 5cm deep - so the fish is able to exhibit its natural wallowing behaviour. 
Diet.
Congo puffer is primarily a piscivore,
feeding mostly on smaller fish and maybe small amphibians.
In captivity it is recommended to feed them a diet of 30% frozen thawed, thiaminase free freshwater fish and 70% earthworms, cockroaches and small terrestrial isopods
Conservation.
The Congo puffer populations in the wild are still healthy in suitable habitats and it is considered 'Least Concern' by the IUCN

</doc>
<doc id="7014933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014933" title="Gémeaux">
Gémeaux



</doc>
<doc id="7014935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014935" title="Bb bullets">
Bb bullets



</doc>
<doc id="7014937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014937" title="Willie Sojourner">
Willie Sojourner

Willard Leon Sojourner (September 10, 1948 – October 20, 2005) was an American basketball player and international coach. He played collegiately at Weber State University in Ogden, Utah and had a professional career, winning a championship with the New York Nets and playing overseas.
The Italian arena PalaSojourner was named in his honor. Sojourner is known for giving his friend and teammate Julius Erving his famous "Dr. J." nickname. He is the older brother of NBA player Mike Sojourner.
Early life.
Willard Leon Sojourner was born on September 10, 1948, to George and Dorothy Sojourner, one of their eleven children.
Sojourner attended Germantown High School in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he didn't play basketball until his senior year. Until his senior year, Sojourner had concentrated on swimming and track. Eventually, his father and the high school basketball coach both encouraged Willie to give up competitive swimming to concentrate on basketball because of his size. He was a medalist in the backstroke and butterfly in swimming and a talented high jumper in track. Because of his basketball inexperience, Sojourner wasn't highly recruited by colleges.
College career (1968–71).
Recruited to Weber State University by Coach Dick Motta, Sojourner's basketball career at Weber State was record setting. He set Big Sky Conference records in scoring and rebounding, leading the Wildcats to three consecutive Big Sky Conference titles and three straight NCAA Tournament invitations.
He arrived in Ogden, Utah for the 1967–68 season under Coach Motta. Freshmen were not allowed to play NCAA varsity basketball at that time, so Sojourner played the 1967–1968 season with the Wildcat freshman team.
In 1968–1969, as a sophomore, Sojourner averaged 18.9 points and 13.1 rebounds as Weber State finished 27-3 under Coach Phil Johnson, as Dick Motta left Weber to become Head Coach of the Chicago Bulls. The Wildcats captured the Big Sky Conference title and qualified for the 1969 NCAA University Division basketball tournament, where they defeated Seattle 75–73, behind Sojourner's 22 points and 12 rebounds. They lost to Santa Clara 64–59 in overtime in the West Regional semi-final, as Sojourner had 12 points with 18 rebounds. Weber State then defeated New Mexico State in the West Regional third-place game 58–56, as Sojourner had 12 points and 11 rebounds.
In 1969–1970, Sojourner led the Wildcats to the Big Sky Conference title, averaging 21.2 points. Weber State lost in the first round to Long Beach State and Coach Jerry Tarkanian 92–73 in the 1970 NCAA University Division basketball tournament, with Sojourner having 13 points and 9 rebounds.
In his senior season of 1970–1971, Weber State finished 21-6 and earned their third straight Big Sky Conference Championship, led by Sojourner's 17.8 points and 13.6 rebounds. Again, Weber State was matched up against Long Beach State and Coach Tarkanian, losing 77–66 in the first round of the 1971 NCAA University Division basketball tournament. Sojourner had 9 points and 10 rebounds in his final college game.
Overall Sojourner had career totals of 1,563 points and 1,143 rebounds in 81 career games for averages of 19.3 points and 14.1 rebounds. he shot 51.7% from the floor and 72.%1 from the line. His point and rebound totals were Big Sky records at the time. He still ranks second in total rebounds and first in career rebounding average at Weber State, with 14.1 per game.
NCAA Track and Field.
A versatile athlete, Sojourner competed in track and field at Weber State. He placed third in the 1970 NCAA Men's Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships, with a high jump of 7'0". In doing so, he became Weber State's first NCAA All-American athlete.
Professional career.
Sojourner was selected in the second round of the 1971 NBA draft by the Chicago Bulls. He was also selected the Virginia Squires of the American Basketball Association as their 1st Round pick (#8 overall) in the 1971 ABA Draft. Sojourner signed with Virginia and played for the ABA Squires in (1971–1973) and New York Nets (1973–1975).
Virginia Squires (1971-1973).
As a rookie, Sojourner averaged 6.8 points and 6.1 rebounds for the Squires, playing in all 84 games, alongside teammates Julius Erving and Charlie Scott. Virginia finished 45-39 under Coach Al Bianchi.
In 1972–1973, Sojourner averaged 7.5 points and 5.7 rebounds for the 42-42 Squires. He played alongside Squires rookie George Gervin.
New York Nets (1973-1975).
In a blockbuster trade, with the Squires franchise struggling, on October 20, 1973, Sojourner was traded to the Nets with Julius Erving for George Carter and cash. Sojourner and Erving were roommates on the road, the best man in each other's weddings and Sojourner dubbed Erving with the nickname "Dr. J".
With Erving starring, and Sojourner contributing 5.6 points and 4.7 rebounds, the Nets finished 55-29 and defeated the Squires (4–1) and Kentucky Colonels (4–0) in the playoffs. Facing the Utah Stars in the ABA Finals, the Nets won the series 4–1 to capture the 1974 ABA Championship under Coach Kevin Loughery.
In 1974–1975, Sojourner averaged 4.6 points and 3.5 rebounds in 79 games as the Nets finished 58–26. The Nets upset by the Spirits of St. Louis in the playoffs. Sojourner was cut by the Nets after the season.
Overall, In his ABA career Sojourner scored 1.968 points (6.0 ppg) with 1,488 rebounds (4.8 rpg) in 309 games.
Sojournor's individual ABA highlights include: six points in his debut on October 15, 1971, vs. Carolina. He had 25 points vs. the Kentucky Colonels on October 27, 1971; 26 points vs. the San Diego Conquistadors on December 2, 1972; 26 points vs. the Carolina Cougars on January 27, 1974; and 18 vs the Denver Nuggets on February 27. 1975. In his last ABA game, he scored 11 in a playoff loss to the Spirits of St. Louis on 4/15/1975.
Sojourner was waived by the Nets at the start of the 1975–76 season. Sojourner had not played much during the preseason and the Nets, who also had centers Swen Nater and Kim Hughes on the roster, chose not to keep three centers.
Lancaster Red Roses (1975-1976).
Playing for the Lancaster Red Roses of the Eastern Basketball Association (EBA) in 1975–76, Sojourner was the EBA Playoff Most Valuable Player, leading Lancaster to the league title.
Italy (1976-1983).
Sebastiani (1976-1982).
In 1976, American scout Richard Percudani scouted Sojourner and his brother Mike Sojourner for the Italian basketball team AMG Sebastiani Basket Rieti. Attilio Pasquetti and Italo Di Fazi, Sebastiani's team and general managers, initially looked to acquire Mike Sojourner, but he had signed with the Atlanta Hawks. They then spoke to Willie, who signed to play in Italy. Sojourner moved to Rieti, in central Italy, and began play in Lega Basket Serie A.
Thanks to rules which greatly restricted transfers of foreign players, Sojourner remained with Sebastiani for six years, until 1982. In his six seasons playing in Rieti, Sojourner gained the nickname of "uncle Willie." He became the leader of Sebastiani, playing with Cliff Meely, Lee Johnson, Irv Kiffin and Tony Zeno among others. Sebastiani played twice in the Scudetto semifinals and twice in the Korać Cup finals. They won the 1979–80 Korać Cup. Sojourner mentored younger players such as Roberto Brunamonti and Domenico Zampolini.
Perugia (1982-1983).
After leaving the Sebastiani in 1982, Sojourner played one more year in Italy. He joined Perugia's team, playing in the 1982–83 season, before retiring.
Overall, Sojourner scored 4,799 points in Serie A. He is considered to be one of the best American basketball players ever in the Italian league.
Personal.
After his Italian retirement, Sojourner returned to the United States.
In 2005, Nuova AMG Sebastiani Basket Rieti (formerly AMG Sebastiani) offered Sojourner their youth team coaching position. Sojourner was unsure and went to Rieti. When he arrived in Rieti on September 15, 2005, he was welcomed warmly by fans and decided to accept the position.
Sojourner was just over a month into the position when, on night of October 19, 2005, he was killed in a car accident. He was returning to his home near Rieti when, due to rain and high speed, he lost control of his car which crashed into a tree.
His funeral took place inside the Palaloniano, Sebastiani's basketball arena, officiated by the bishop of Rieti Delio Lucarelli. Thousands of mourners attended.
One month after his death, Palaloniano was renamed PalaSojourner in his honor. The November 18, 2005 memorial ceremony was attended by Sojourner's family and friend Julius Erving.

</doc>
<doc id="7014938" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014938" title="Cordeaux Academy">
Cordeaux Academy

Cordeaux Academy (formerly Cordeaux School) was a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located on North Holme Road in Louth, Lincolnshire, England.
Cordeaux educated pupils aged 11 to 18. Its size was a smaller than average, in an area where there are selective grammar schools. It had 550 pupils of whom 70 where in the Sixth form. It employed 39 teachers, and support, technical and administrative staff. The school had 26 feeder schools from the surrounding area, and its partner secondary school was King Edward VI Grammar School, the local Grammar School. Over 50% of Cordeaux's pupils traveled to school by bus from outlying areas.
On 20 June 2017, it was announced that Cordeaux Academy would transfer academy sponsorship from The Academies Enterprise Trust to The Tollbar Multi Academy Trust (Tollbar MAT) from September 2017 at a request from the Regional Schools Commissioner. 
Cordeaux Academy joined with the former Monks Dyke Tennyson College under Tollbar MAT during the 2017/2018 to create a single Louth Academy split across two sites. The former Cordeaux site is now known as Louth Academy Lower Campus for the lower school (years 7 &amp; 8) with the former MTDC site known as Louth Academy Upper Campus for the upper years (9,10,11,6 form).
Tollbar MAT currently is the sponsor of Tollbar Academy in New Waltham, Grimsby along with several other Secondary and Primary Academies in the Lincolnshire area.
History.
The school is named after Captain Edward Cawdron Cordeaux, D.S.O., O.B.E., R.N., (born 24 July 1894, Caistor), a surgeon who lived at Goulceby House, Goulceby. He reached the rank of Commander in the Royal Navy in 1934, when he left the Navy, then the rank of Captain in 1940 in the Second World War. He became High Sheriff of Lincolnshire in 1963 but died on 8 June 1963.
Cordeaux School first opened to the public in September 1956, being officially opened on 10 October 1957 as High Holme Road Secondary School. This name remained until 1965 when it became Cordeaux High School, then later, Cordeaux School.
The School gained Special Engineering College status in 2004 and is currently in a partnership with Siemens.
In September 2011 it was announced that Cordeaux School and the adjacent Wolds College would join with Monks' Dyke Technology College and Tennyson High School in Mablethorpe to form one single organisation under the Local Authority. The option of becoming an Academy was rejected. However the school converted to academy status in January 2013, and was renamed Cordeaux Academy. It is now part of the Academies Enterprise Trust.
Facilities.
The school site had a range of facilities that includes playing fields, sports hall, gym, music and practice rooms, Design and Technology areas, 6 science laboratories, a Learning Support Department, and a temporary sixth form block. Improvements to facilities included a refurbished science laboratory, food technology and art rooms, and the installation of modern CAD/CAM and engineering equipment. There had been investment in, and school-wide access to, ICT, the school having two specialist ITC classrooms.

</doc>
<doc id="7014940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014940" title="Mil Mi-24A">
Mil Mi-24A



</doc>
<doc id="7014943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014943" title="Virtual queue">
Virtual queue

Virtual queue is a concept used in both inbound call centers and other businesses to improve wait times for users. Call centers use an Automatic Call Distributor (ACD) to distribute incoming calls to specific resources (agents) in the center. ACDs hold queued calls in First In, First Out order until agents become available. Virtual queue systems allow callers to receive callbacks instead of waiting in an ACD queue.
This solution is analogous to the “fast lane” option used at amusement parks, such as Disney's FastPass, in which a computerized system allows park visitors to secure their place in a “virtual queue” rather than waiting in a physical queue. In brick-and-mortar retail and the business world, virtual queuing for large organizations similar to the FastPass and Six Flags' Flash Pass, have been in use since 1999 and 2001 respectively.
For small businesses, virtual queue management can be implemented through SMS text notification services or apps on smartphones and tablet devices, with in-app notification and remote queue status views.
The online queue often referred to as a virtual-waiting-room is the brain child of UK Inventor and entrepreneur Matt King whose 2004 patented process EP1751954b1 was the first solution online to prevent visitor websurges and crashes. Before that the online queue to prevent visitor websurges and crashes was invented and patented by Masanori Kubo in 2000. The term virtual-waiting-room was coined by Akamai Technologies in 2004 for its Edge Computing web-based service to prevent visitor websurges and crashes and amongst other used by leading online ticketing agencies, proved valuable to MLB.com's (Major League Baseball) successful ticket sales.
Overview.
While there are several different varieties of virtual queuing systems, a standard First In, First Out that maintains the customer's place in line is set to monitor queue conditions until the Estimated Wait Time (EWT) exceeds a predetermined threshold. When the threshold is exceeded, the system intercepts incoming calls before they enter the queue. It informs customers of their EWT and offers the option of receiving a callback in the same amount of time as if they waited on hold.
If customers choose to remain in a queue, their calls are routed directly to the queue. Customers who opt for a callback are prompted to enter their phone number and then hang up the phone. A “virtual placeholder” maintains the customers' position in the queue while the ACD queue is worked off. The virtual queuing system monitors the rate at which calls in queue are worked off and launches an outbound call to the customer moments before the virtual placeholder is due to reach the top of the queue. When the callback is answered by the customer, the system asks for confirmation that the correct person is on the line and ready to speak with an agent. Upon receiving confirmation, the system routes the call to the next available agent resource, who handles it as a normal inbound call.
Call centers do not measure this "virtual queue" time as "queue time" because the caller is free to pursue other activities instead of listening to hold music and announcements. The voice circuit is released between the ACD and the telecommunications network, so the call does not accrue any queue time or telecommunications charges.
Universal Queue.
Universal queue (UQ) is concept in contact center design whereby multiple communications channels (such as telephone, fax and email) are integrated into a single 'universal queue' to standardize processing and handling, enabling coherent customer relations management (CRM).
UQ is generally used for standardised routing, recording, handling, reporting, and management of all communications in a contact center (or across an entire organisation).
Although UQ was discussed at least as far back as 2004, difficulties in implementing this system prevented its widespread uptake. As of 2008, there is little data available online regarding existing UQ implementations.
Applications.
Some utility companies (electric, natural gas, telecommunications, and cable television) use virtual queuing to manage seasonal peaks in call center traffic, as well as unexpected traffic spikes due to weather or service interruptions. Call centers that process inbound telesales calls use virtual queuing to reduce the number of abandoned calls. Customer care organizations use virtual queuing to enhance service levels. Insurance claims processing centers use virtual queuing to manage unforeseen peaks due to natural disasters.
Various amusement parks around the world have employed a similar virtual queue system for guests wishing to queue for their amusement rides. One of the most notable examples, Disney's Fastpass, issues guests a ticket which details a time for the guest to return and board the attraction. More recent virtual queue systems have utilized technology such as the Q-Bot to reserve a place for them in the queue. Implementations of such a system include the Q-Bot at Legoland parks, the Flash Pass at Six Flags parks and the Q4U at Dreamworld.
Virtual queueing apps allow small businesses to operate their virtual queue from an application. Their customers take a virtual queue number and wait remotely instead of waiting on-premises.
During the Covid-19 pandemic, virtual queuing became more popular in order to support businesses while store capacity was limited. Companies such as Qudini have provided customers a way to join a queue by scanning a QR code, granting them permission to wait at a safe distance from other customers. Covid-19 encouraged hospitals to implement virtual queue systems that will maintain social distancing.

</doc>
<doc id="7014945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014945" title="Almondine (Camp Lazlo)">
Almondine (Camp Lazlo)



</doc>
<doc id="7014951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014951" title="Mil Mi-6B">
Mil Mi-6B



</doc>
<doc id="7014953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014953" title="Waeng district">
Waeng district

Waeng (, ) is the southernmost district ("amphoe") of Narathiwat province, southern Thailand.
History.
The district dates back to the Tomo District (โต๊ะโมะ), which was a subordinate of "Mueang" Ra-ngae. The village grew bigger because of the gold mining there. In 1935 a minor district ("king amphoe") covering the central part of Tomo was established and named Pacho (ปาโจ). In 1939 the minor district received the name "Tomo" because it contained the sub-district named "Tomo", and the parent district was renamed "Waeng". In 1953 the minor district Tomo was abolished and included in Waeng again. In 1957 the Sub-district Tomo was also abolished and included in Sub-district Samong, which then formed part of area split off as minor district Sukhirin in 1977.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise): Sukhirin, Su-ngai Padi, and Su-ngai Kolok. To the south is the Kelantan state of Malaysia.
At the village of Ban Buketa, is a Malaysia-Thailand border border crossing to the neighboring Malaysian town of Bukit Bunga. A part of Hala-Bala wildlife sanctuary is in the district.
Administration.
The district is divided into six sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 45 villages ("mubans"). There are two townships ("thesaban tambon") within the district. Waeng covers parts of the "tambon" Waeng, and Buketa covers parts of "tambon" Lochut.

</doc>
<doc id="7014959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014959" title="Emyr Humphreys">
Emyr Humphreys

Emyr Owen Humphreys, FRSL, FLSW (; 15 April 191930 September 2020) was a Welsh novelist, poet, and author. His career spanned from the 1940s until his retirement in 2009. He published in both English and Welsh.
Early life and career.
Humphreys was born on 15 April 1919 at Prestatyn in Denbighshire. He was educated at Rhyl High School, where, as E. O. Humphreys, he started composing poetry and wrote for "The Welsh Nationalist," the monthly English-language newspaper of the Welsh Nationalist Party, later called Plaid Cymru. He went on to study history and English at University of Wales, Aberystwyth, after winning a scholarship to study there. However, he did not graduate due to the start of the Second World War.
During the war, Humphreys registered as a conscientious objector and worked on a farm. He subsequently undertook relief work in Egypt and Italy. After the war he worked as a teacher, as a radio producer at the BBC, and later became a lecturer in drama at Bangor University. Having become fluent in the Welsh language while at Aberystwyth, Humphreys went on to learn Italian while working in Italy after the war, and spent time there as well as studying the country's literature.
Writings.
The stories of Humphreys are based on Celtic myths, and in particular the myth of Blodeuwedd which has been incorporated in his writings throughout his career. One of the major themes of his writings is Welsh identity. "The Little Kingdom" (1946) is written in English; however, the main characters are talking Welsh.
Humphreys's best known novel is "A Toy Epic" (1958). The story is a coming-of-age story of three boys, and an important war novel, however it is also a coming-of-age story of Wales itself. He took a different viewpoint in "Outside the House of Baal" (1965), and wrote the novel from a perspective of old age.
Humphreys's masterpiece was "The Land of the Living" (1974–2001), an epic sequence of seven novels charting the political and cultural history of twentieth-century Wales. Humphreys remarked in a 2018 interview that he wanted to tell a story from "cradle to the grave".
During his long bilingual writing career, he published over twenty novels. He also wrote plays for stage and television, short stories, "The Taliesin Tradition" (a cultural history of Wales), and published his "Collected Poems" in 1999. His final work was "The Woman at the Window" (2009) in which one of the characters says: "My useful life is over".
His papers, held by the National Library of Wales, include correspondence with writers, performers and other public figures, such as Dannie Abse, Philip Burton, Hywel Teifi Edwards, T. S. Eliot, Gwynfor Evans, Patrick Heron, Marghanita Laski and R. S. Thomas.
Honours.
Among many honours, he was awarded the Somerset Maugham Award in 1953 for "Hear and Forgive". Humphreys won the Wales Book of the Year Award in 1992 and 1999. Humphreys was a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature and the Learned Society of Wales.
Personal life.
Humphreys married Elinor Myfanwy Jones in 1946. Together, they had four children. They travelled to Austria after he won the Somerset Maugham Award, which stipulated that the prize money was to be used for travel abroad.
Humphreys retired in 2009 aged 90 after his final book was published. He reached his centenary on 15 April 2019. He died on 30 September 2020 at his home in Llanfairpwll, Anglesey, aged 101.

</doc>
<doc id="7014972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014972" title="Sea basin">
Sea basin



</doc>
<doc id="7014973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014973" title="Mitsue Yuhi">
Mitsue Yuhi



</doc>
<doc id="7014975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014975" title="Self Control (Raf song)">
Self Control (Raf song)

"Self Control" is a song by Italian singer Raf, released in 1984. It was written by Giancarlo Bigazzi, Steve Piccolo and Raf, and arranged by Celso Valli. The track topped the charts in Italy and Switzerland, and started the explosion and dominance of Italo disco-style recordings in continental European charts during the 1980s.
That same year, "Self Control" was covered by American singer Laura Branigan, whose version reached 1 in countries such as Austria, Canada, Germany and Switzerland, as well as No. 4 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. Both versions of the song were commercially successful across Europe during much of the summer of 1984 (at one point even swapping with one another at #1 in the Swiss charts), with Branigan's rendition becoming the most successful single of the year in Germany and Switzerland.
"Self Control" has become one of the defining songs of the 1980s, with a number of remakes recorded each year. Notable covers include Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin in 1993, a dance remake by Branigan in 2004, Royal Gigolos in 2005, Danish dance group Infernal in 2006, and German duo Fast Boy in 2024.
Raf version.
Raf (born Raffaele Riefoli) co-wrote the song "Self Control" with Giancarlo Bigazzi and Steve Piccolo. His version of "Self Control" reached No. 1 in Italy for seven non-consecutive weeks. It also reached No. 1 in Switzerland, between runs at the top spot by Branigan's version of "Self Control", and peaked at No. 2 in Germany, No. 7 in Austria and No. 40 in France. Raf released an extended dance mix of the song, like Branigan, but Raf's version featured a rap (performed by two other rap vocalists), relatively rare for a white artist at the time.
He would release several more tracks in English and re-release his 1984 self-titled debut album in 1987 under the title "Self Control", featuring two of these tracks. Although his English-language album and especially the singles proved to be successful in Italy and elsewhere, he began releasing his later albums in his native language, almost all of which were received better in Italy than the English-language albums; many of them charted within the top 10 in Italy.
Laura Branigan version.
American singer Laura Branigan covered "Self Control" in 1984. It was released as the lead single from her third studio album of the same name, released the same year.
History.
Branigan's first major hit had also been co-written by Bigazzi: "Gloria" (1982) was an English-language cover of the 1979 original Italian song recorded by Umberto Tozzi. The following year, Branigan recorded another English song written over a Tozzi and Bigazzi song, "Mama", which was included on her 1983 album "Branigan 2". Branigan chose two more Italian songs for her third album: the first one, "Ti Amo" with lyrics by Diane Warren once again based on the original by Tozzi and Bigazzi that had been a 1977 single for Tozzi. The second one, "Self Control", became the title track to the album and her most successful single internationally. "Self Control" was the only one of the four Italian songs recorded by Branigan that was originally composed in English, and Branigan chose to record the song as written. Also, unlike the other songs, Branigan's version was contemporaneous with that of its co-writer.
Branigan's recording was arranged by Giorgio Moroder's protégé Harold Faltermeyer with Robbie Buchanan and produced by Buchanan with Jack White in West Germany and Los Angeles. A keyboard hook in Raf's version was changed to a guitar riff for Branigan's version and a vocal break was paired with a sharper and repeated percussive element.
Composition.
The song narrates the singer's slip into the world of nightlife, the allure of which has her "livin' only for the night" and deeming herself to "live among the creatures of the night". Rather than actually invoking more self-control, the singer addresses someone: "you take my self, you take my self-control". According to Bryan Buss of AllMusic, the song is about "finding sex in the seamy side of town".
Chart performance.
In the United States, Branigan's cover became her third and last top 10 entry, peaking at No. 4. In Canada, the track reached No. 1 on both the pop and AC charts. Both the Raf original and Branigan's version of "Self Control" entered the German top 20 in May 1984: on 25 June, Branigan's single attained the No. 1 position, where it remained for six weeks, while Raf's version occupied the No. 2 spot.
"Self Control" also topped the charts in Austria, Denmark, Finland, Portugal, South Africa and Sweden, while reaching No. 2 in Norway, No. 3 in Ireland, No. 3 in Australia and No. 5 in the UK.
Raf's version surpassed the success of Branigan's only in his native Italy, where her single reached No. 16. The only other territory where Raf topped the charts was in Switzerland. His single debuted in the Swiss top 30 at No. 7 on 17 June, the same week Branigan's version debuted at No. 24. The following week, Raf's single climbed to No. 2. Branigan's single, however, rose to No. 1. In their third week, Raf's version supplanted Branigan's at number 1, but she regained the top spot in the fourth week and the two versions would remain there, Branigan at No. 1 and Raf at No. 2, for three more weeks.
In their seventh week on the charts, Raf fell to No. 3, below "Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go" by Wham!, while Branigan held at No. 1. Their eighth week on the charts saw Raf regain the No. 2 spot behind Branigan. The following week the Wham! single moved back to No. 2 and Raf fell three spaces, but Branigan held firm. In their tenth week on the charts, Wham! fell to No. 5, Raf fell two more spots, and Branigan maintained pole position.
Finally, on the week of 26 August, "Such a Shame" by Talk Talk moved Branigan out of the number-one spot, though she would remain in the top five for another three weeks. Branigan's record spent a total of 16 weeks in the Swiss top 30, including 12 weeks in the top five and eight weeks at No. 1. Branigan's version eventually became the most successful single of 1984 in both Germany and Switzerland.
Music video.
Branigan was one of the first artists of the video era to work with an Academy Award-winning film director on a music video when William Friedkin ("The French Connection", "The Exorcist") directed the clip. Filmed in New Jersey and New York City, the video was produced by Fred Caruso and first aired in April 1984.
The video drew controversy, and MTV requested some edits before it could air. "Entertainment Tonight" aired a segment on the network's reaction to the clip, which was being played in late-night slots on other networks. Though Branigan resisted at first, her record company convinced her to allow a minor alteration and the video was aired on MTV, though by this time the single had peaked on the charts. Branigan would go on to be nominated for a 1985 American Music Award for Favorite Pop/Rock Female Video Artist, losing to Cyndi Lauper.
Live performances.
Branigan performed the song live in her debut on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" on 27 April 1984. She also promoted the song during appearances on "The Merv Griffin Show", "Solid Gold" (12 May 1984), Dick Clark's "American Bandstand" (9 June 1984) and the syndicated Dick Clark television special "Rock Rolls On", which she also co-hosted.
Re-releases.
Branigan's "Self Control" was paired with follow-up single "The Lucky One" for an "oldies series" release in the US. In the UK, a similar release paired the song with her earlier single, "Gloria". In 1992, the original single mix of "Self Control" was re-released on CD single and 12-inch vinyl by Atlantic/WEA in Germany featuring two new remixes. One of those, the Classic Summer Mix, appeared on the European greatest hits album "The Very Best of Laura Branigan". In 1999, four new remixes of "Self Control" were commissioned for a South African collection called "Back in Control", on Atlantic/Gallo. "Self Control '99" was released as a CD single there. In the mid-2000s, several trance music remixes featuring samples of various lengths from the 1984 Branigan original surfaced from various entities including Crooklyn Clan, Imperial Machine, and SK featuring Branigan. None of these mixes were done with Branigan's participation.
As of 2010, the "Self Control" album remains in print and the original version can also be heard on "The Best of Branigan" (1993), and in remastered versions on "The Essentials: Laura Branigan" (2002) and "The Platinum Collection" (2006).
2004 version.
Branigan sought to reclaim her career after years away from the music industry first to take care of her ailing husband and then to mourn his loss. She re-recorded her two biggest club hits for the 20th anniversary of "Self Control" and they were released in a slew of remixes as "Gloria 2004" and "Self Control 2004". The latter track reached the top 10 on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Singles Sales chart following Branigan's sudden death from an aneurysm in August of that year.
Ricky Martin version.
In 1993, Ricky Martin recorded a Spanish-language cover of "Self Control", titled "Que Dia Es Hoy" ("What Day Is Today"). With lyrics by producer Juan Carlos Calderón and Mikel Herzog, the song was released as single from Martin's second studio solo album, "Me Amaras", in 1993. The single featured a remixed version of the track. A music video was also released. In 2008, the remixed version was included on CD and DVD, called "17".
Royal Gigolos version.
In 2004, German dance group Royal Gigolos recorded a cover of "Self Control" for their debut studio album, "Musique Deluxe". It was released as a CD maxi single the following year, along with their cover of the 1984 Rockwell song "Somebody's Watching Me". Their version reached the top 20 in Denmark and Finland.
Infernal version.
In 2006, Danish dance group Infernal released a cover of the song on 6 November in the UK. The song debuted in the chart at No. 61 based on downloads only. The track was also released in Australia, as a double A-side with "I Won't Be Crying", though it did not chart there. Their recording reached the top 10 in Finland and their native Denmark.
Kendra Erika version.
In 2018, American singer Kendra Erika released a cover of "Self Control", reaching number one on "Billboard" Dance Club Songs chart.
Other versions.
In 2023 Dutch DJs Eelke Kleijn and Lee Cabrera released a cover of "Self Control", based less on Raf's version and more on Laura Branigan's cover.
In 2024 German duo Fast Boy remade the track for its 40th anniversary, and renamed it "Wave".

</doc>
<doc id="7014976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014976" title="Yasumasa Fukushima">
Yasumasa Fukushima



</doc>
<doc id="7014979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014979" title="James V. Hart">
James V. Hart

James V. Hart (born 1947) is an American screenwriter and author. He is known for his literary adaptations, such as "Hook" (1991), "Bram Stoker's Dracula" (1992) and "Mary Shelley's Frankenstein" (1994).
Career.
Writing.
Hart wrote the screenplay to the Steven Spielberg feature film "Hook" which functioned as a sequel to J. M. Barrie's original story, with Peter Pan having grown into adulthood. Later, he wrote the 2005 children's novel "Capt. Hook: The Adventures of a Notorious Youth", a prequel depicting the youth of Captain Hook, the nemesis of Peter Pan. He wrote the Francis Ford Coppola-produced horror films "Bram Stoker's Dracula" (1992) and "Mary Shelley's Frankenstein" (1994).
Hart's writing focuses on adventure and fantasy fare, such as "Muppet Treasure Island" (1996), "" (2003), and "Epic" (2013). He co-created the pirate television drama "Crossbones" with "Luther" writer Neil Cross based on Colin Woodard's book "The Republic of Pirates". On July 24, 2014, NBC announced that "Crossbones" had been canceled after one season.
Unmade screenplays.
Hart wrote the first draft screenplay of "Atlas Shrugged", which was to be fully developed by director Randall Wallace. Hart also wrote an adaptation of "The Sirens of Titan", which Kurt Vonnegut approved of before he died, a screenplay adaptation for "Crisis in the Hot Zone" which was later adapted into a television series in 2019. In 2012, it was announced that TNT would create a television series based on the "Dean Koontz's Frankenstein" novels.
Teaching.
Hart has been a faculty member of the Columbia University Graduate Film program and has mentored for Sundance Film Labs, the Austin Writer’s Ranch, and the Equinoxe-Europe Writing Workshops.
Personal life.
Hart is the son of Albert Hart and Alice Hart. He has one brother, David (deceased). He studied film and graduated from Southern Methodist University in 1969. He lives in New York with his wife Judith. Their two children, Jake and Julia, are also screenwriters.

</doc>
<doc id="7014983" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014983" title="Mietingen">
Mietingen

Mietingen () is a municipality in Baden-Württemberg in the region of Upper Swabia, situated approximately 18 km north of Biberach. The river Rottum runs through Mietingen.
Apart from the village of Mietingen itself, administratively, the once autonomous villages of Baltringen and Walpertshofen nowadays belong to the municipality of Mietingen.
History.
The first charter in which Mietingen is mentioned, dates from 1083 when the village was ruled by a local aristocrat, Luitpold von Moitinga. Its origins, however, are thought to date further back to the time of the colonization by Alemannic tribes.
In 1270, Mietingen came temporarily into the ownership of the bishopric of Konstanz. The majority of the village belonged to the Herren von Freiberg from 1339 onwards, one of whose dynastic line settled in Mietingen. From 1142 until the secularisation in 1803, the village was subject to Heggbach Abbey, after which it was transferred into the ownership of the counts of Plettenberg und Bassenheim who in turn sold it on to the Hungarian counts Esterhazy. Mietingen became finally part of the Kingdom of Württemberg following the mediatisation of small, independent principalities in 1806.
It was administratively part of the district of Wiblingen until 1845 when the administration was moved to Laupheim, creating the district of Laupheim. After the disbanding of this district in 1938, Mietingen became part of the district of Biberach.
Demographics.
Population development:
Attractions.
The village of Baltringen is situated on the Oberschwäbische Barockstraße, a touristic route along the most notable architectural relics of Baroque-style in Upper Swabia.

</doc>
<doc id="7014987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014987" title="DR 1">
DR 1



</doc>
<doc id="7014988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014988" title="James William Carmichael">
James William Carmichael

James William Carmichael (December 16, 1819 – May 1, 1903) was a Nova Scotia businessman and political figure. He represented Pictou in the House of Commons of Canada as an Anti-Confederate and then a Liberal from 1867 to 1872 and from 1874 to 1878. He represented Nova Scotia in the Senate of Canada from 1898 to 1903.
He was born in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia, in 1819, the son of James Carmichael, the town's founder, and attended Pictou Academy. He began work in his father's shipping and retail business and became owner during the 1850s. He built ships and also transported goods by ship. He was also involved in coal mining, the timber trade, a tannery and an iron foundry. Although he originally built wooden sailing ships, he later built steamers and pioneered the use and building of iron and steel ships in Nova Scotia. Carmichael was also a lieutenant-colonel in the local militia. He was elected to the House of Commons in 1867 as an opponent of Confederation, but joined the Liberals in 1869. He was reelected in 1874 and was named to the Senate in 1898, resigning shortly before his death in New Glasgow in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="7014989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014989" title="DR 2">
DR 2



</doc>
<doc id="7014998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7014998" title="Ingeld">
Ingeld

Ingeld or Ingjaldr (Old Norse: ) was a legendary warrior who appears in early English and Norse legends. Ingeld was so well known that, in 797, Alcuin wrote a letter to Bishop Higbald of Lindisfarne questioning the monks' interest in heroic legends with: 'Quid enim Hinieldus cum Christo?' - What has Ingeld to do with Christ? 
The legends that survive tell of Ingeld as an enemy of Hroðgar, Halga and Hroðulf. The conflict between the Scyldings Hroðgar and Hroðulf on one side, and the Heaðobards Froda and Ingeld on the other, appears both in "Beowulf" and in "Widsith". Scholars generally agree that these characters appear in both Anglo-Saxon ("Beowulf") and Scandinavian tradition (Norse sagas and Danish chronicles). However, in the Norse tradition the Heaðobards had apparently been forgotten and the conflict is instead rendered as a family feud, or as a conflict with the Saxons, where the Danes take the place of the Heaðobards.
Attestations.
"Beowulf".
In "Beowulf", Ingeld is the son of King Froda of the Heaðobards, and they are involved in a war with the Danes. When Beowulf reports on his adventure in Denmark to his king Hygelac, he mentions that Hroðgar had a daughter, Freawaru. Since Froda had been killed by the Danes, Hroðgar sent Freawaru to marry Ingeld, in an unsuccessful attempt to end the feud. An old warrior urged the Heaðobards to revenge, and Beowulf predicts to Hygelac that Ingeld will turn against his father-in-law Hroðgar. In a version given in the Danish chronicle "Gesta Danorum" (see below), the old warrior appears as Starkad, and he succeeded in making Ingeld divorce his bride and in turning him against her family. Earlier in the "Beowulf" poem, the poet tells us that the hall Heorot was eventually destroyed by fire (Gummere's translation):
It is tempting to interpret the new war with Ingeld as leading to the burning of the hall of Heorot, but the poem separates the two events (by a "ne wæs hit lenge þā" meaning "nor far way was that day when", in Gummere's translation).
"Widsith".
Whereas "Beowulf" never dwells on the outcome of the battle with Ingeld, the possibly older poem "Widsith" refers to Hroðgar and Hroðulf defeating Ingeld at Heorot:
"Skjöldunga saga" and "Bjarkarímur".
The "Skjöldunga saga" and "Bjarkarímur" reverse the relationship between Froda and Ingeld by making Ingeld (Ingjaldus) the father of Froda (Frodo). Moreover, Ingeld is here described as the half-brother of Healfdene (Haldan).
Frodo defeated the Swedish king Jorund, made him a tributary and took his daughter. The daughter gave birth to Haldan, but another woman became Frodo's legitimate wife and gave him Ingjaldus. Together with one of his earls, Swerting, Jorund conspired against Frodo and killed him during the blót.
Haldan has a queen named Sigrith with whom he has three children: the sons Roas (Hroðgar) and Helgo (Halga) and the daughter Signy. Ingjaldus is jealous with his half-brother and so he attacks and kills Haldan, whereupon he marries Sigrith. Ingjaldus and Sigrith have two sons named Rærecus and Frodo. Ingjaldus, who is worried that his nephews would want revenge, tries to find them and kill them, but Roas and Helgo survive by hiding on an island near Skåne. When they are old enough, they avenge their father by killing Ingjaldus.
In the "Hrólfr Kraki's saga", which tells very much the same story, it is Froda (Fróði) who is the half brother of Halfdan.
"Gesta Danorum".
The tradition of the feud with the Heaðobards Ingeld and Froda appears twice in the "Gesta Danorum". There is also a third time, based on the account of the old warrior who restarts the conflict. 
The first time it tells of the feud is book 2, where Ingeld (called "Ingild") appears with the son Agnar. In this version, Ingeld's son is about to marry Hroðulf's sister Rute, but a fight starts and Agnar dies in a duel with Böðvarr Bjarki (called "Biarco"). 
The second version in "Gesta Danorum" (book 6), concerns the adventures of Starkad, and which is based on the old warrior who restarted the conflict. The Danish king Frotho (Froda) was killed through treachery by a Saxon named Swerting (Swertingus). Frotho's son Ingeld ("Ingellus") lived a wanton life and married one of Swerting's daughters. This angered Starkad so much that he enlisted at the Swedish king Halfdan's (Haldanus) court instead. As Ingeld continued his sinful life and did not do his duty to avenge his father, Starkad appeared during a banquet that Ingeld had with the sons of Swerting, his father's slayer. Starkad strongly admonished Ingeld and humiliated his queen who tried to calm Starkad with kindness and her costly ribbon. Starkad succeeded in inciting Ingeld to kill Swerting's sons and to divorce his Saxon bride.
The third time, it tells of Froda and Ingeld is in book 7, but here Hroðgar is replaced by a "Harald" and Halga by a "Haldanus". It is the same Ingeld as in the previous paragraph, but here Froda reappears as Ingeld's son. It is a version of the feud that is similar to the one told in the "Skjöldunga saga", "Bjarkarímur" and "Hrólfr Kraki's saga", where the Heaðobards had been forgotten and the feud with Froda and Ingeld has become a family feud. The main plot is that Ingeld has the sons Frodo (Froda) and Harald (corresponds to Healfdene). The relationship between Ingeld and Froda was thus reversed, a reversal also found in the "Skjöldunga saga" and in the "Bjarkarímur". Froda kills his brother and tries to get rid of his nephews Harald (corresponds to Hroðgar) and Haldanus (corresponds to Halga). After some adventures, the two brothers burn their uncle to death inside his house and avenge their father.
Codex Runicus.
Ingeld appears in the "Kongetal" (King's List) and "Runekrønike" (Runic Chronicle) sections of the Codex Runicus. These are broadly consistent with the history presented in "Gesta Danorum". In "Kongetal", Ingæld (ᛁᚿᚵᛅᛚᛑ) is the son of Froþe the Hard and the father of Olaf (ᚮᛚᛆᚠ). Ingæld's queen (corresponding to the Saxon daughter of Swerting from "Gesta Danorum") is named Swærtæ (ᛋᚡᛅᚱᛐᛅ). In "Runekrønike", it is said that, during the reign of Inggiæld (ᛁᚿᚵᚵᛁᛅᛚᛑ), Starkad killed the seven sons of Suærting (ᛋᚢᛅᚱᛐᛁᚿᚵ).

</doc>
<doc id="7015021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015021" title="LGBTQ rights in Italy">
LGBTQ rights in Italy

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) rights in Italy significantly advanced in the 21st century, although LGBTQ people still face various challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents, despite public opinion being increasingly liberal and in favor of LGBT rights. According to ILGA-Europe's 2021 report, the status of LGBT rights in Italy is below the standards of other Western European countries – such as still not recognizing same-sex marriage, lacking nationwide discrimination protections for goods and services, as well as not granting to same-sex couples full parental rights, such as joint adoption and IVF. Italy and Japan are the only G7 nations where same-sex marriages are not recognized.
In Italy both male and female same-sex sexual activity has been legal since 1890, when a new penal code was promulgated. A civil union law was passed in May 2016, providing same-sex couples with all of the rights of marriage except for joint adoption rights. The law also recognizes same-sex couples as a family. Stepchild adoption was excluded from the bill, but in June 2016 the Supreme Court of Cassation stated that courts can allow a couple in a civil union to adopt their stepchildren. The same law provides both same-sex and heterosexual couples which live in an unregistered cohabitation with several legal rights.
Transgender people have been allowed to legally change their gender since 1982. Italy became the sixth country in the world to legally acknowledge the right of individuals to change their gender. Prior to this, only Denmark (1929), Sweden (1972), Chile (1974), Norway (1979), and West Germany (1980) had introduced similar legal recognition. The proposal for this legal reform faced little opposition: both chambers of the Italian Parliament unanimously agreed to assign the responsibility of finalising the law to their respective Standing Committees on Justice. As a result, once the Committees approved the draft, the law was enacted immediately, bypassing the need for additional votes in Parliament. Since 2015, undergoing surgery is no longer required in order to change one’s legal gender in Italy. In 2020, hormone therapy became fully covered by the national healthcare system, making it accessible free of charge. More recently, in 2024, judicial authorisation is no longer necessary to access gender-affirming surgeries, as long as legal sex change has occurred, further reducing legal and bureaucratic barriers for transgender individuals seeking medical transition.
Although discrimination regarding sexual orientation in employment has been banned since 2003, no other anti-discrimination laws regarding sexual orientation or gender identity and expression have been enacted nationwide, although some Italian regions have enacted far more comprehensive anti-discrimination laws. In 2023, a new poll showed a large majority in favour of civil unions (70.1%), a majority for same-sex marriage (65.2%), and also for adoption by same-sex couples (51.4%).
Legality of same-sex sexual activity in Italy.
Same-sex sexual activity has been legal nationwide since 1890. The age of consent is 14 years old, regardless of gender and sexual orientation.
Italy is among the few European nations to have had an equal age of consent for homosexual and heterosexual acts ever since before the 20th century. The only nations in which there has been an equal age of consent for longer than Italy are Turkey (which equalized it in 1858) and the microstates of San Marino (which equalized it in 1864), Monaco (which equalized it in 1793) and Andorra (which equalized it in 1791). Meanwhile, in nearly every other European country, laws either setting a higher age of consent for homosexual acts or banning them altogether remained in force until the 20th century and sometimes even until the early 21st century, although they were not always actively enforced.
History.
Italian unification in 1861 brought together a number of States, almost all of whom abolished punishment for private, non-commercial homosexual acts between consenting adults as a result of the Napoleonic Code. However, of the Penal Code promulgated in 1859 by Victor Emmanuel II of the Kingdom of Sardinia still punished consensual homosexual acts under Article 425, which read:
With unification, the former Kingdom of Sardinia extended its own criminalizing legislation to the rest of the newly born Kingdom of Italy, with some exceptions: in the former Grand Duchy of Tuscany, the Penal Code of 1853 promulgated by Leopold II (which did not criminalize same-sex activities) remained in force, and the same happens in Sicily (as the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies, since 1819) and in Naples (as the Kingdom of Naples, since 1810). In addition, some Articles of the Sardinian Penal Code (including those dealing with homosexuality) were not extended to the former Kingdom of the Two Sicilies.
This bizarre situation, where homosexuality was illegal in one part of the kingdom, but legal in another, was only reconciled in 1889, with the promulgation of the Zanardelli Code which abolished all differences in treatment between homosexual and heterosexual acts across the entire territory of Italy. This Penal Code became effective in 1890, and there have since been no laws against private, consensual homosexual relations between people over the age of consent.
In the 1920s, fascist MP Alfredo Rocco was tasked by the government of Benito Mussolini to develop a new Penal Code which would have replaced the 1889 one.
A first draft of the Code, published by Rocco on 1927, included a provision criminalizing homosexual acts, which read:
When Rocco eventually introduced the new Penal Code before Parliament, he decided not to include said Article, claiming that "in Italy, the abominable vice is not present to such an extent that the criminal law should concern itself with it".
As such, the final version of the Rocco Code, which became law in 1931, had no mention of same-sex intercourse. According to fascist doctrine, repression of certain sexual practices was a matter for moral authorities moreso than for the State. Nonetheless, those who displayed their homosexuality in public were targeted by the fascist police, and subject to extrajudicial punishments such as public admonition and exile; gay people were persecuted in the later years of the regime of Benito Mussolini, and under the Italian Social Republic of 1943–45.
The arrangements of the Rocco Code, namely, the principle that homosexual conduct is an issue of morality and religion, and not criminal sanctions by the State, have remained in place over subsequent decades. In the early 1960s, three bills aiming at re-criminalising gay sex were introduced, but none of them were ever even put up to a vote, due to lack of support from the Christian Democratic majority.
Recognition of same-sex relationships.
At present, while same-sex couples cannot marry, they can access civil unions, enacted in 2016, which provide all of the rights, benefits and obligations of marriage except for joint adoption rights. These benefits include, amongst others, shared property, social security, inheritance and pension.
Since the 2005 regional elections, many Italian regions governed by centre-left coalitions have passed resolutions in support of French-style PACS (civil unions), including Tuscany, Umbria, Sicily, Campania, Marche, Veneto, Apulia, Lazio, Liguria, Abruzzo and Emilia-Romagna. Lombardy, led by the centre-right House of Freedoms, officially declared their opposition to any recognition of same-sex relationships. All these actions, however, are merely symbolic as regions do not have legislative power on the matter.
Although several bills on civil unions or the recognition of rights to unregistered couples had been introduced into the Parliament since 1996, none had ever been approved, owing to the strong opposition of socially conservative members of Parliament from both coalitions. On 8 February 2007, the Government led by Romano Prodi introduced a bill which would have granted rights in the areas of labour law, inheritance, taxation and health care to same-sex and opposite-sex unregistered partnerships. However, Parliament was dissolved before the draft law could be put up to a vote, and was ultimately shelved when the next election resulted in a conservative majority.
In 2010, the Constitutional Court () issued a landmark ruling which recognized same-sex couples as a "legitimate social formation, similar to, and deserving homogeneous treatment of, marriage". Since that ruling, the Supreme Court of Cassation (, the supreme and last revision court in most matters) remanded a decision by a Justice of the Peace who had rejected a residence permit to an Algerian citizen, married in Spain to a Spaniard of the same sex. The Court stated that the (police office, where residence permits are issued) should deliver a residence permit to a foreigner married with an Italian citizen of his same sex, and cited the ruling.
On 21 July 2015, the European Court of Human Rights ruled in Oliari v. Italy that Italy's lack of any sort of recognition for same-sex partnership was a violation of international human rights.
On 2 February 2016, Italian senators started to debate a bill introducing civil unions, inspired from the civil union law in Germany which would have granted all rights afforded by marriage short of joint adoption. On 25 February 2016, an amended version of the bill (which, unlike the original proposal, did not include the right to stepchild adoption by gay couples), was approved by the Senate in a 173–71 vote, and was sent to the Chamber of Deputies, where it passed on 11 May 2016, by a vote of 372 to 51, with 99 abstentions. In order to ensure swift passage of the draft law, Prime Minister Matteo Renzi decided to treat the vote on the law as a matter of confidence, saying that it was "unacceptable to have any more delays after years of failed attempts." Italian President Sergio Mattarella signed the bill into law on 20 May 2016.
In 2017, the Italian Supreme Court allowed a marriage between two women, which was performed in neighboring France, to be officially recognised. However, in May 2018, the Court of Cassation ruled that same-sex marriages performed abroad cannot be recognized in Italy. Instead, they must be registered as civil unions, regardless of whether the couple wed before or after Italy introduced civil unions in 2016.
On 10 March 2023, Ivan Scalfarotto introduced a bill which aimed to legalize same-sex marriage. In the same day, Gian Marco Centinaio, Vice President of the Senate and member of the League, said the centre-right majority would "start looking into Scalfarotto's proposal", adding "I think society progresses, and I believe we must march forwards and not backwards". Since then, there has been no progress on the bill, and Centinaio has retracted his statement, claiming that he had been "misunderstood" and that he's still against same-sex marriage.
Adoption and parenting.
Adoption and foster care in Italy are governed by Law No. 184 of 1983. In general, national adoption is permitted only for married, opposite-sex couples. However, there are no legal restrictions on foster care. Italian law also allows for "adoption in particular cases," which may be granted to single individuals, including those who identify as LGBT. This provision has been interpreted by some courts—also at the appellate level—to include the possibility of stepchild adoption by unmarried couples, regardless of whether they are opposite-sex or same-sex. Additionally, single LGBT individuals may pursue international adoption in countries where adoption by single persons is permitted. These adoptions are automatically recognized under Italian law.
On 11 January 2013, the Court of Cassation upheld a lower decision of court which granted the sole custody of a child to a lesbian mother. The father of the child complained about the "homosexual relationship of the mother". The Supreme Court rejected the father's appeal because it was not argued properly.
Several individual cases where same-sex couples have been allowed to legally adopt or foster children have occurred over the years. On 15 November 2013, it was reported that the Court of Bologna chose a same-sex couple to foster a three-year-old child. On 1 March 2016, a Rome family court approved a lesbian couple's request to simultaneously adopt each other's daughters. From 2014 to 2016, the Rome Family Court made at least 15 rulings upholding requests for gay people to be allowed to adopt their partners' children. On 29 April 2016, Marilena Grassadonia, president of the Rainbow Families Association, won the right to adopt her wife's twin boys. The possibility of adopting one's same-sex partner's child through the "adoption in particular cases" provision was confirmed by the Court of Cassation in a decision published on 22 June 2016. This provision implies resorting to a civil lawsuit where "a rigorous factual investigation carried out by the court, effectively ascertains that adoption is in the child's best interest".
In February 2017, the Trento Court of Appeals recognized both male same-sex partners as fathers of two children born with the help of an egg donor and a surrogate mother in Canada. The decision was challenged ln late 2017 by local officials and the Ministry of the Interior. In May 2019, the Court of Cassation ruled that the fathers cannot both be named on the children's Italian birth certificates. Instead, only the biological father will be listed as their legal parent, while his partner will have to apply for special permission to become their adoptive father, despite the fact that both men are named on the children's Canadian birth certificates.
In March 2017, the Florence Court for Minors recognised a foreign adoption by a same-sex couple. The Milan Court of Appeal also recognised a foreign same-sex adoption in June 2017.
In January 2018, after a surrogate mother gave birth to twin boys for a same-sex couple in California, Milan officials refused to register the boys as both the fathers' children. At first, a judge ruled against the couple, who later appealed; a higher court held that since each man's sperm was used to fertilise eggs from the same donor and one of each was implanted into the surrogate, both men would be able to register the birth of their own child and become its legal parent. The twins cannot be recognised as children of the couple, however, and the fathers could not adopt each other's non-biological son. Although not legally brothers, both boys have been given the same surname. Despite this contradiction, LGBT association "Famiglie Arcobaleno", has welcomed the court's decision as a "positive step".
In April 2018, a lesbian couple in Turin was permitted by city officials to register their son, born through IVF, as the child of both parents. Two other same-sex couples also had their children officially registered. A few days later, a same-sex couple in Rome was similarly allowed to register their daughter.
In March 2021, Italy recognized the adoptions abroad by same-sex couples because they were judged to be non-obstructive for the purposes of the adoption itself. The Court of Cassation ruled that the adoption of a child abroad by a homosexual couple can be recognized and transcribed into Italian civil records, provided the adoption does not involve surrogacy. The case involved a male couple, one of whom was an Italian citizen residing in the United States. They had adopted a child in New York, and the Italian authorities initially refused to register the adoption. The Court of Cassation upheld the lower court's decision to recognize the adoption, emphasizing that the adoption was in the child's best interest and did not contravene Italian public policy.
In September 2022, a court in Rome ruled that the government's requirement that children's ID cards list their "mother" and "father" discriminated against same-sex parents and ordered the government to issue documents that correctly identify the parents. The ruling is permanent, but only applied to this specific case. Unless and until the government changes the rules around ID cards, other parents will have to sue for correct identification as well. However, in April 2025, the Supreme Court of Cassation in Italy has ruled to replace the terms "father" and "mother" on Italian ID cards with the gender-neutral term "genitori" (parents) immediately. The Court found that using "father" and "mother" was discriminatory toward same-sex couples' children, as it did not reflect the diversity of modern family structures. This ruling is seen as a significant move towards promoting equality and inclusivity, recognizing that family identities should not be limited by traditional gender roles. It ensures that all families, regardless of their makeup, are equally represented in official documents.
On 30 March 2023, the European Parliament approved by show of hands a resolution formally condemning the Italian Government's policy regarding same-sex couples' parental rights.
In 2023, a lesbian couple in a civil union was allowed by a court to foster a disabled child.
In March 2024, the Court of Padua rejected a 2023 order by the prosecutor's office, which challenged the Municipality's decision to register the children of two mothers. The order aimed to retroactively remove non-biological mothers from the birth certificates of 37 children dating back to 2017; however, the court found it inadmissible.
In March 2025, Italy's Constitutional Court ruled that single individuals, including LGBT singles, can adopt foreign minors, overturning a 40-year ban that restricted adoption to married couples. The court declared the 1983 law unconstitutional, emphasizing that excluding singles could undermine children's rights to a stable family environment. The requirements for adoption remain the same for heterosexual couples.
In May 2025, Italy’s Constitutional Court ruled that it is unconstitutional to deny legal automatic recognition to the non-biological (or “intentional”) mother in same-sex female couples when medically assisted reproduction is performed abroad, meaning both women must be recognized as legal parents on the birth certificate from birth without the need for a separate adoption process. In its Judgment No. 68/2025, the Court found that Article 8 of Law 40/2004 violated multiple constitutional provisions - specifically Article 2 (personal identity), Article 3 (equality), and Article 30 (rights of the child) - by failing to guarantee the child a clear and stable legal identity from birth and by discriminating against children of same-sex parents. This decision was widely hailed as a landmark advancement for LGBTQ+ rights in Italy, particularly for same-sex families, ensuring full legal recognition of both mothers from the moment of birth in cases involving reproduction abroad.
In July 2025, Italy’s Constitutional Court ruled that a non-biological mother in a same-sex union is entitled to the same paternity leave benefits granted to a biological father, formally equating her role with that of the father and ensuring bonding time with the newborn. The Court found that a 2001 decree on parental leave was unconstitutional because it failed to recognize that the non-biological mother in a lesbian civil union was entitled to Italy’s mandatory 10-day paternity leave. It emphasized that denying such leave would undermine equality and the child’s right to care from both parents, reinforcing that parental rights and responsibilities stem as much from the intentional choice to become a parent as from biology. This judgment marked a significant step forward for LGBTQ+ family rights in Italy, ensuring that non-biological mothers receive equal treatment in both legal recognition and practical parental benefits.
Discrimination protections.
Employment discrimination.
Discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation in employment has been illegal throughout the whole country, since July 2003 when, in order to conform with European Union directives, the second Berlusconi government issued Legislative Decree no. 216 of 2003, entitled "Implementation of Directive 2000/78/EC on equal treatment in employment and occupation" (), which prohibits unfair discrimination in employment and recruitment processes. The anti-discrimination provisions originally did not apply to the police, to the armed forces and to rescue services, but this exception was removed by Law no. 101 of 2008. One of the most famous convictions under Italy's anti-discrimination laws was that of lawyer Carlo Taormina, who in July 2013 during a radio interview declared that he would never hire a gay man in his law firm. A Court in Bergamo sentenced Taormina to the payment of 10,000 euros and ordered the publication of the ruling on a national newspaper at his expense.
No Italian law explicitly bans transphobic discrimination. However, on 15 January 2023, a court in Rome ruled against a school who had fired a trans professor due to her gender identity, claiming that it amounted to sex discrimination.
Asylum protections.
Italy recognizes persecution based on sexual orientation or gender identity as grounds for asylum, in line with international human rights standards, including the 1951 Geneva Convention and the EU Qualification Directive (2011/95/EU). As a member of the European Union, Italy provides protection for individuals facing persecution due to their sexual orientation or gender identity. Since October 22, 2020, Italy has implemented reforms through Decree-Law No. 130/2020, which simplified asylum procedures and reinforced protections for vulnerable groups, including those persecuted on the grounds of sexual orientation or gender identity. These reforms strengthened Italy's commitment to the protection of LGBTQ+ individuals, in alignment with international standards that classify them as a particular social group eligible for asylum.
Hate crimes and hate speech.
In 2002, Franco Grillini proposed a constitutional amendment that would have included sexual orientation among constitutionally protected characteristics. It was not successful.
In 2006, Grillini again introduced a proposal to expand anti-discrimination laws, this time adding gender identity as well as sexual orientation. It received even less support than the previous one had.
In 2008, Danilo Giuffrida was awarded 100,000 euros compensation after having been ordered to re-take his driving test by the Italian Ministry of Infrastructure and Transport due to his sexuality; the judge said that the Ministry of Transport was in clear breach of anti-discrimination laws.
In 2009, the Chamber of Deputies shelved a proposal against homophobic hate crimes that would have allowed increased sentences for violence against gay and bisexual individuals, passing a motion to that effect which had been proposed by Union of the Centre and supported by Lega Nord and The People of Freedom. Paola Binetti, Democratic Party MP, broke party lines and voted for the motion.
On 16 May 2013, a bill which would prohibit discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity was presented in a press conference by four deputies of four different parties. The bill is cosponsored by 221 MPs of the Chamber of Deputies, but no member of the center-right parties has pledged support. In addition to this bill, some deputies introduced another two bills. On 7 July, the Justice Committee advanced a unified bill.
The bill was amended in compliance of the request of some conservative MPs who were afraid of being fined or jailed for stating their opposition to the recognition of same-sex unions. On 5 August, the Chamber started to consider the bill. On 19 September 2013, the Chamber of Deputies passed the bill in a 228–58 vote (and 108 abstentions). On the same day, a controversial amendment passed, which would protect free speech for politicians and clergymen. On 29 April 2014, the Senate of the Republic began examining the bill. In 2019, the bill was still in the Senate Judicial Commission, being blocked by several hundred amendments from conservative MPs.
In July 2020, debate resumed on the proposal to extend anti-racism laws to outlaw discrimination and hate crimes against women, gay and transgender people, following a number of attacks in preceding months against LGBT people. It modifies an existing law punishing offenses based on someone's race or religion with up to four years in jail. The proposal, drafted by Democratic Party MP Alessandro Zan, supported by the centre-left coalition, while the Lega, Brothers of Italy and the Italian bishops' conference opposed it; Forza Italia treated the Bill as a matter of consciousness and granted its MPs a free vote.
Italy's lower house approved the bill on 4 November 2020 by a vote of 265 to 193. The bill died in the Senate on 27 October 2021 following a 131—154 secret ballot vote.
On 28 October 2021, the Chamber of Deputies approved in a 271–16 vote a proposed infrastructure law containing a provision which made it illegal to display advertisement containing homophobic or transphobic messages on streets and vehicles. The draft law was approved by the Senate as well on 4 November in a 190–34 vote. In both Houses, the Government used its powers under the Standing Orders to force a single vote on the whole Bill, contrary to the usual procedure, whereby a vote on the full Bill must be preceded by a vote on each Article and on each proposed amendment. This forced MPs who opposed the anti-discrimination provision but supported other parts of the Bill to vote in favour. The proposal was ultimately signed into law by President Sergio Mattarella on 9 November and came into force on 10 November.
Regional laws.
In 2004, Tuscany became the first Italian region to ban discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity in the areas of employment, education, public services and accommodations. The Berlusconi Government challenged the new law in court, asserting that only the central Government had the right to pass such a law. The Constitutional Court overturned the provisions regarding accommodations (with respect to private homes and religious institutions), but otherwise upheld most of the legislation. Since then, the regions of Liguria (November 2009), Marche (February 2010), Sicily (March 2015), Piedmont (June 2016), Umbria (April 2017), Emilia-Romagna (July 2019), Campania (August 2020) and Apulia (July 2024) enacted similar measures.
Gender identity and expression.
Cross-dressing is legal in Italy, and sex reassignment surgeries are also legal, with medical approval. However, gender identity is not mentioned in Italy's anti-discrimination laws, meaning that transgender people may face discrimination in areas such as employment, access to goods and services, housing, education and health services.
There is a history of third genders in Italy, such as the Femminiello in traditional Neapolitan culture, as well as there being accounts of individuals spending significant portions of their life as genders other than the ones they were assigned at birth, such as Catterina Vizzani in the early-to-mid-1700s.
During the period of fascist rule in Italy from the 1920s to the 1940s, the penal code contained prohibitions against cross-dressing and trans people were targeted by police for arrests. The first documented Italian trans woman to undergo genital reconstruction surgery did so in Switzerland in 1967. However, on her return to Italy, she was detained and confined to a small village in the south of the country.
In 1982, Italy became the sixth nation in the world to recognise the right to change one's legal gender. Before Italy, only Denmark (1929), Sweden (1972), Chile (1974), Norway (1979) and Germany (then-West Germany) (1980) recognised this right. The bill introducing this reform was largely noncontroversial: both Houses of Parliament agreed without objection to delegate the task of passing the draft law to their respective Standing Committees on Justice; therefore, once the law was approved by the said Committees, it was immediately enacted, without the need for further parliamentary votes.
In 2006, a police officer was reportedly fired for cross-dressing in public while off duty.
The first transgender MP was Vladimir Luxuria, who was elected in 2006 as a representative of the Communist Refoundation Party. While she was not reelected, she went on to be the winner of a popular reality television show called "L'Isola dei Famosi".
In 2005, a couple got legally married as husband and wife. Some years later, one of the parties transitioned as a transgender woman. In 2009, she was legally recognized as such according to Law no. 164 of 1982 ("Legge 14 aprile 1982, n. 164"). Later, the couple discovered that their marriage had been dissolved because the couple became a same-sex couple, even though they did not ask a civil court to divorce. The law prescribes that when a transgender person is married to another person the couple should divorce, but in the case of the transgender woman mentioned above (Alessandra) and her wife, there was no will to divorce. The couple asked the Civil Court of Modena to nullify the order of dissolution of their marriage. On 27 October 2010, the court ruled in favour of the couple. The Italian Ministry of Interior appealed the decision, and the Court of Appeal of Bologna subsequently reversed the trial decision. The couple later appealed the decision to the Court of Cassation. On 6 June 2013, the Cassation asked the Constitutional Court whether the 1982 law was unconstitutional when it ordered the dissolution of marriage by applying the Law no. 898 of 1970 ("Legge 1 dicembre 1970, n. 898"), which regulates divorces, even if the couple did not ask to do so. In 2014, the Constitutional Court finally ruled the case in favour of the couple, allowing them to remain married.
On 21 May 2015, the Court of Cassation ruled that sterilisation and sex reassignment surgery are not required in order to obtain a legal gender change.
On 15 February 2023, a Court in Trento ruled transgender minors could have their legal gender changed on documents as long as their parents consent and a psychologist has been consulted on the matter.
On 6 July 2023, a Court in Trapani recognized for the first time the right of a transgender woman to change her name and gender identity in the registry office without any surgery performed or planned and without any hormone therapy.
In 2018, the Italian National Bioethics Committee and the Italian Medicines Agency released an opinion that was supportive of the use of puberty blockers in adolescents with gender dysphoria on a case-by-case basis and with some safeguards. However, they also called for more research to better understand its effects. As of February 2019, puberty blockers and cross sex hormones are provided free of charge in Italy and are covered by the National Health Service. Still, challenges with accessing puberty blocker medications persist. Specific clinical criteria must be satisfied for treatment including comprehensive medical evaluations, parental consent, and the exhaustion of all other clinical interventions.
The use of puberty blockers in transgender youth is supported by:
In 2024, the Italian Constitutional Court, with judgment no. 143 of July 23, explicitly recognized for the first time the existence of non-binary individuals, affirming that they too are entitled to the protection of fundamental rights guaranteed by the Constitution—such as the right to personal identity, health, and equal social dignity (Articles 2, 3, and 32). However, the Court declared inadmissible the request to introduce a “non-binary” gender marker in the civil registry, stating that such a profound change to Italy’s legal and administrative system—still firmly rooted in a male/female binary—requires legislative action and cannot be enacted through judicial interpretation alone. At the same time, the Court ruled unconstitutional the legal requirement for judicial authorization to access gender-affirming surgery after legal gender rectification, considering it an unjustified obstacle to individual self-determination. In summary, the decision marks an important step toward the recognition of non-conforming gender identities, but it leaves unresolved the full legal recognition of non-binary gender, which remains in the hands of Parliament. Non-binary individuals are now recognized as subjects of rights. It is no longer mandatory to obtain a judge’s authorization to undergo gender-affirming surgery after the legal change of gender. For the first time, the Court explicitly acknowledges that there are individuals who do not identify as male or female, and affirms that their right to identity is constitutionally protected (Articles 2, 3, and 32). The obligation to obtain judicial authorization for surgery after legal gender rectification was declared unconstitutional, as it is no longer justified.
Military service.
Until 1986, "sexual deviance" was a reason for exclusion for military service. At that time, some men claimed to be homosexual to avoid the draft. Lesbians have never been banned from the Italian military since women were first allowed to serve in 2000. Since 2010, discrimination against gays and lesbians in military service is banned, but the situation for transgender people is unclear. The organization Polis Aperta estimates that 5 to 10% of Italians in uniformed service (military or police) are LGBT. Despite the ban on discrimination, some service personnel face harassment or violence because of their sexual orientation.
Blood donation.
Gay and bisexual men have been allowed to donate blood since 2001.
LGBT rights groups and public campaigns.
The major national organization for LGBT rights in Italy is called "Arcigay". It was founded in 1980, and has advocated for the recognition of same-sex couples and LGBT rights generally.
Some openly LGBT politicians include:
In 2007, an advert showing a baby wearing a wristband label that said "homosexual" caused controversy. The advert was part of a regional government campaign to combat anti-gay discrimination.
On 8 June 2019, the 25th edition of Roma Pride was held, with 700,000 people participating.
Living conditions.
Prevailing social attitudes about LGBT issues tend to reflect traditional Catholic values concerning human sexuality and gender roles, with lower support compared to other Western European states. In 2020 LGBT activist and legislator Alessandro Zan described homophobia as widespread and often emerging whenever LGBT people tried to live their lives openly. In June 2020 a man walking with his boyfriend in Pescara was violently attacked by seven individuals, leaving him with severe injuries requiring jaw reconstructive surgery. In September 2020 in Acerra a trans man was injured and his fiancée, a cisgender woman, was killed by the woman's brother who wanted to “teach her” a lesson and rammed their motorcycle with his car.
Pride parades celebrating LGBTQ achievements and community take place in more than 30 towns and cities across Italy from mid-May to the end of September. Turin hosted the conference of the European Pride Organizers Association in 2022, the first time for an Italian city.
A number of Italian cities are recognised as gay-friendly destinations, including Naples, Catania, Turin, Rome, Palermo, Cagliari, Milan, Noto, Bologna, Taormina and Gallipoli.
Public opinion.
According to data from the 2010 Italy Eurispes report released 29 January, the percentage of Italians who have a positive attitude towards homosexuality and are in favor of legal recognition of gay and lesbian couples is growing.
According to a 2010 poll, 82% of Italians considered homosexuals equal to heterosexuals. 41% thought that same-sex couples should have the right to marry in a civil ceremony, and 20.4% agreed with civil unions only. In total, 61.4% were in favor of a form of legal recognition for gay and lesbian couples. This was an increase of 2.5% from the previous year (58.9%) and almost 10% in 7 years (51.6% in 2003). "This is further proof that Italians are ahead of their national institutions. Our Parliament hears more and more people on the issue and what it hears is to soon approve a law that guarantees gay people the opportunity to publicly recognize their families, as is done in 20 European countries," said the national president of Arcigay, Aurelio Mancuso.
A 2013 Pew Research Center opinion survey of various countries throughout the world showed that 74% of the Italian population believed that homosexuality should be accepted by society (the 8th highest of all the countries polled), while 18% believed it should not. Young people were generally more accepting: 86% of people between 18 and 29 were accepting of gay people, while 80% of people between 30 and 49 and 67% of people over 50 held the same belief. In a 2007 version of this survey, 65% of Italians were accepting of gay people, meaning that there was a net gain of 9% from 2007 to 2013 (the 4th highest gain in acceptance of gay people of the countries surveyed).
In December 2016, a survey was conducted by the Williams Institute in collaboration with IPSOS, in 23 countries (including Italy) on their attitudes towards transgender people. The study showed a relatively liberal attitude from Italians towards transgender people. According to the study, 78% of Italians supported allowing transgender people to change their gender on their legal documents (the 4th highest percentage of the countries surveyed), with 29% supporting the idea of allowing them to do so without any surgery or doctor's/government approval (the 6th highest percentage of the countries surveyed). In addition to that, 78.5% of Italians believed that transgender people should be legally protected from discrimination, 57.7% believed that transgender people should be allowed to use the restroom corresponding to their gender identity rather than their birth sex, and only 14.9% believed that transgender people have a mental illness (the 6th lowest of the countries surveyed).
According to Pew Research Center survey in 2015–17, 59% of Italians supported same-sex marriage, while 38% opposed. At 27%, young people aged between 18 and 34 were less likely than their elders to oppose legal gay marriage.
A survey conducted on Ipsos's Global Advisor online platform among more than 19,000 individuals in 27 countries between 23 April and 7 May 2021, found that 63% Italians aged between 18 and 74 believed that same-sex couples should be allowed to marry legally. This percentage was higher than that of some countries where, unlike in Italy, same-sex marriage is legal, such as Australia, France and United States.
A Pew Research Center poll conducted between February and May 2023 showed that 74% of Italians supported same-sex marriage and that 26% were opposed. When divided by political affiliation, support was highest among those on the left of the political spectrum at 88%, followed by those at the center at 74% and those on the right at 66%.
The 2023 Eurobarometer found that 69% of Italians thought same-sex marriage should be allowed throughout Europe, and 71% agreed that "there is nothing wrong in a sexual relationship between two persons of the same sex".

</doc>
<doc id="7015022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015022" title="Thabit">
Thabit

Thabit () is an Arabic name for males that means "the imperturbable one". It is sometimes spelled Thabet.

</doc>
<doc id="7015024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015024" title="Tetraodon miurus">
Tetraodon miurus



</doc>
<doc id="7015027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015027" title="Strzelecki railway station">
Strzelecki railway station

Strzelecki railway station was the original terminus of the Strzelecki railway line in Victoria, Australia. It was opened on 29 June 1922, following the completion of the line.
Station facilities.
Strzelecki was the only station on the line to be fitted with a turntable. Gangers' facilities at the station were a headquarters, tool shed and departmental residence. Goods facilities included a goods loading platform, goods shed and cattle and sheep yards. Motorised maintenance trolleys were also kept at the station.
Closure.
The station was closed on 22 November 1930, after a timber trestle bridge on the section of line between Triholm and Strzelecki developed a significant sway every time a train passed over it. Given the lack of traffic on that section of the line, it was deemed uneconomic to rebuild the bridge, and line beyond Triholm station was closed, having been in operation for only eight years.

</doc>
<doc id="7015031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015031" title="Campo dell oro airport">
Campo dell oro airport



</doc>
<doc id="7015034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015034" title="Ždaňa">
Ždaňa

Ždaňa is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia. The village has a population of around 1,400.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1222.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 185 metres and covers an area of 5.565 km2.
It has a population of about 1310 people.
Transport.
The nearest railway station is at Čaňa.

</doc>
<doc id="7015038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015038" title="Zdana">
Zdana



</doc>
<doc id="7015042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015042" title="Ajaccio airport">
Ajaccio airport



</doc>
<doc id="7015044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015044" title="Dynamic Duo (South Korean duo)">
Dynamic Duo (South Korean duo)

Dynamic Duo (; often stylized as Dynamicduo) is a South Korean hip hop duo that consists of rappers Choiza and Gaeko. They rose to fame with their 2004 debut album, "Taxi Driver", which became the best-selling Korean hip hop album ever. They are signed to Amoeba Culture, a hip hop record label that they founded in 2006.
History.
Choiza and Gaeko were friends since childhood and debuted in 1999 with the hip hop trio CB Mass. The group released three albums before breaking up in 2003 after it was discovered that CB Mass' third member was stealing money from the trio group.
Dynamic Duo debuted the following year with the album, "Taxi Driver". It became the best-selling hip hop album in South Korea, with sales of 50,000 copies in the first month after its release. Their second album, 2005's "Double Dynamite," won Best Hip Hop Album at the 2006 Korean Music Awards.
After establishing hip hop record label Amoeba Culture in 2006, Dynamic Duo released their third album, "Enlightened", in 2007. That year, they also won Best Music Video at the Mnet Asian Music Awards for their song, "Attendance Check." They released two more albums, 2008's "Last Days" and 2009's "Band of Dynamic Brothers", before both Choiza and Gaeko began their mandatory military service on October 12, 2009. Before being dispatched, both received basic military training at the same camp in Uijeongbu in Gyeonggi Province.
Choiza and Gaeko have also individually produced and recorded their own singles through the 'NOWorkend' project- a series of singles that has come out of their label Amoeba Culture representing songs from the label's artists that shows a completely different side of themselves to their fans.
In 2013, their 7th full-length album titled "Lucky Numbers" was scheduled for release in July. The album featured artists such as Hyolyn of Sistar, Primary, Zion.T, and Supreme Team.
Their 8th album, "Grand Carnival" was released in November 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="7015053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015053" title="Congo puffer">
Congo puffer



</doc>
<doc id="7015059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015059" title="Potato puffer">
Potato puffer



</doc>
<doc id="7015062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015062" title="Potato pufferfish">
Potato pufferfish



</doc>
<doc id="7015067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015067" title="Žarnov">
Žarnov

Žarnov () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1332.
Government.
The municipal seat of the tax office and district office is located at Moldava nad Bodvou and the seat of the police force is at Turňa nad Bodvou.
Transport.
The nearest railway station is at Turňa nad Bodvou.

</doc>
<doc id="7015069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015069" title="Zarnov">
Zarnov



</doc>
<doc id="7015070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015070" title="Flaithbheartach">
Flaithbheartach



</doc>
<doc id="7015075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015075" title="Plumpungan Inscription">
Plumpungan Inscription

The Plumpungan Inscription () is a stone monolith carving that was found in the area of Salatiga, a small town in Central Java in Indonesia.
The monolith is located about 4 km from Salatiga township, towards Beringin village ().

</doc>
<doc id="7015079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015079" title="Peter Everett">
Peter Everett

Peter Cyril Everett is an Australian television host. He is probably best known for hosting the Australian adaptation of cook show "Ready Steady Cook", which aired on Network Ten. He is known for appearing on "Changing Rooms" which aired on the Nine Network in the late 1990s. He has also taken part in two reality television competition series: "Skating on Thin Ice" in 2005 and "The Celebrity Apprentice Australia" in 2013. He also appeared on Dating Naked. 
Early life.
Everett was born in Charleville, Queensland. He moved to Brisbane in his adolescence. Everett has lived in the United States and Hong Kong. He then moved to Sydney to run the Queen Street Brasserie.
Career.
Early career (1998–2005).
In 1998, Everett worked as an interior designer on the Australian adaptation of "Changing Rooms". He co-hosted "Renovation Rescue", and hosted "Amazing Homes". He also took part in reality figure skating series "Skating on Thin Ice" in 2005.
"Ready Steady Cook" (2006–2011).
In 2006 Everett replaced Nick Stratford as host of the Australian adaptation of "Ready Steady Cook", a cooking game show with a similar format to that of the original British program. It features two teams, each with a chef and a guest, competing to prepare meals from given ingredients. Everett opens each show and poses questions to teams about the meal's preparation. The show premiered on Network Ten in 2005.
In June 2011 Everett left "Ready Steady Cook"; he was replaced by comedian Colin Lane.
Post-2011 career.
After having a year off being on television in 2012, Everett competed on season 3 of "The Celebrity Apprentice Australia" on the Nine Network in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="7015081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015081" title="London Buses route 22">
London Buses route 22

London Buses route 22 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, England. Running between Putney Common and Oxford Circus, it is operated by London General, a subsidiary of Go-Ahead London.
History.
Route 22 commenced operation on 17 May 1909 between Clapton (Lea Bridge station) and Elephant &amp; Castle via Clapton, Hackney, Dalston, Shoreditch, London Bridge and Borough. On 26 July 1909, it was extended to Leyton with a Sunday extension to Epping Forest via Whipps Cross and Woodford replacing route 9.
On 28 October 1909, route 22 was changed again to work between Tulse Hill and Leyton via Effra Road, Brixton Road, Kennington Park Road, Elephant &amp; Castle and Whipps Cross. On 3 January 1910, it was cut back again to work Clapton (Lea Bridge station) to Tulse Hill.
From 6 April 1911, route 22 was withdrawn between Bank and Elephant &amp; Castle, being replaced by new route 35 over that section. At the same time it was extended to Putney station via Cheapside, Holborn, Piccadilly, King's Road and Putney Bridge. The daily extension to Homerton (Clapton Park Tavern) commenced soon after on 12 June 1911, but the route was withdrawn throughout on Sundays on 8 October 1911 for just over three years until 8 November 1914, when it became daily once again.
The connection with route 35 became clear once again as from 6 August 1916, when route 22 was diverted daily at Putney Bridge to run to Putney Common, but withdrawn on Sundays between Lower Clapton and Homerton being extended to Chingford via Leyton and Walthamstow, replacing route 35A on that day. This change was very short lived and route 22 reverted to being a daily Putney Common to Homerton route on 2 October 1916.
On 1 December 1924, short-workings between Tottenham Court Road and Putney were numbered 22A, short-workings between Tottenham Court Road and Homerton were numbered 22B and short-workings between Piccadilly Circus and Homerton were numbered 22C. The plain 22 route number being used for journeys for the whole length of the route from Putney Common to Homerton. By 30 June 1925, these had been reduced to 22 Putney Common to Homerton and 22A Piccadilly Circus - Homerton. This situation remained until 3 October 1934, when the newly constituted London Passenger Transport Board instituted its own numbering system, which generally re-instated the situation previous to December 1924, in this case, leaving just the plain 22 to work Putney Common to Homerton.
On 9 August 1939, RT1 buses were used to run the route from Homerton to Putney.
By the 1990s, the three short workings had become 3 distinct routes, with route 22 from Putney Common to Piccadilly Circus, route 22A running from London Bridge to Clapton Park and route 22B from Homerton Hospital to Piccadilly Circus. Owing to the confusion, the 22A and 22B routes were withdrawn in 1998, and replaced by a new route 242 and an extension of route 149.
Upon being re-tendered, London General commenced a new seven-year contract from 22 July 2000. On 22 July 2005, crewed operation finished with the AEC Routemasters replaced by Wright Eclipse Gemini bodied Volvo B7TLs.
On 20 October 2012, Go-Ahead London commenced a new contract after successfully re-tendering to retain the route. On 15 July 2017, the route was withdrawn between Green Park station and Piccadilly Circus and diverted to Oxford Circus via Berkeley Square to replace route C2. On 21 October 2017, London General commenced a further contract. It is operated out of Putney garage with a peak vehicle requirement of 17.
In 2021, the service frequency during peak times was reduced from 8 buses per hour to 6.
Current route.
Route 22 operates via these primary locations: 

</doc>
<doc id="7015088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015088" title="Outtrim railway station">
Outtrim railway station



</doc>
<doc id="7015089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015089" title="Marina Mall, Abu Dhabi">
Marina Mall, Abu Dhabi

Marina Mall (Arabic: مركز المارينا) is an Abu Dhabi shopping mall and entertainment venue which was completed in December 2000 and opened its doors to the public on 28 March 2001. The Mall is located along the breakwater on Corniche road, close to the Emirates Palace hotel. In January 2017, Forbes recognized Marina Mall as one of the top shopping malls in Abu Dhabi.
Details.
Geographically located in one of the city’s most prominent districts, it comprises 122,000 m2 of retail space featuring a unique selection of fashion, leisure and entertainment brands arranged over four levels, in addition to a 100 metre observatory, a bowling alley, a multiplex movie complex, musical fountains and a Carrefour departmental store. The internal steam fountain is adorned with handcrafted glass mosaic art designed and produced by MEC Artworks.
Ikea was located here and they moved later to Yas Island.
Extensions.
The mall was extended in 2007 and the masterplan included the observatory and other facilities. Another extension is also being considered.

</doc>
<doc id="7015095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015095" title="Thrasher Presents Skate and Destroy">
Thrasher Presents Skate and Destroy

Thrasher Presents Skate and Destroy, also known as Thrasher: Skate and Destroy, is a skateboard video game developed by Z-Axis and published by Rockstar Games for the PlayStation. The game was later published in Japan by UEP Systems on March 4, 2000 under the name Thrasher SK8. A Game Boy Color version was also developed, but was later cancelled.
Despite having less recognition, it received high scores from both "IGN" and "GameSpot", being seen as "technically superior to Tony Hawk" and an "almost sim-like approach to the sport". Aside from less advanced graphics, this was one of the reasons "Thrasher" was ignored, as the learning curve (due to unconventional controls) is fairly steep compared to the 'pick up and play' style of the "Tony Hawk" games. It is also one of the first games to have ragdoll physics.
The objective of the game is to take one of the six fictional skaters and work through a total of 12 levels across the globe, gaining sponsors, decks and clothing, and eventually appearing on the front of "Thrasher" magazine - from which the game takes its name.
Gameplay.
Reviewers noted the more realistic style and different control layout, compared to "Tony Hawk", which added to the overall difficulty of the game. Because it is more of a simulation of skateboarding as a whole, the focus of the game is mostly on technical tricks and to perform tricks efficiently, a formula that the future skateboarding "Skate" series of video games would build on, whereas the "Tony Hawk" series, even from its outset, had a focus on arcade style gameplay and is rather more forgiving.
Like the other Z-Axis developed sports titles, the game features ragdoll physics. In keeping with the realistic nature of the game, players can break their skateboard and even bones if they crash hard enough (especially if the player does so into moving vehicles). Breaking their skateboard will mean the player has to restart their run and will lose their score, so it is in their best interest to use the 'bail' button combination (L2 + R2), as well as the 'tuck' button (Circle/O), while in the air to minimize the damage.
Skate Mode.
This is the main gameplay mode, where the player advances through 12 different levels in a series of two-minute runs. When the player enters a level, there is no time limit so they are free to explore the whole area before starting their run with the Select button. The player then has two minutes to get the high score necessary to complete the level without breaking their board or getting caught by ether a Police Officer, a Guard Dog, or a Street Mugger; this occurs when the time limit reaches ten seconds. The player is seen from behind, with said chasers arm 
or (in case of the dog) head in view ready to attack the skater, who then must leave the level through one of the designated exit doors. If the skater is caught, then their score is annulled and the run must be done again.
In the competition levels (last level of each zone), the player's objective is also to gain score, except this time they are being judged on "high difficulty, risk and style". Repeating the same tricks in the same areas devalues their point score, so the player must use a wide selection of different tricks and objects in the level, as well as avoiding bails (sometimes almost completely) to progress.
At certain points in the game, the player is also offered choices of sponsors. Three are available at once, but only one can be chosen, which then gives the player new decks, shirts, pants and shoes to outfit their skater with.
Once the player has completed the game on the Expert setting, they are classified as a 'Pro Skater'. However, to fully complete the game and to feature on the cover of Thrasher Magazine, the player must go back through the levels and once again complete them. At the end of the runs, the player is able to take a photo of any tricks performed in that run to feature on the cover. Completing all of this lets the player feature in the 'Skater of the Year' issue of the magazine, which marks the end of the game.
Multiplayer Mode.
There are seven total multiplayer game types available for two players. In the same way as "Dave Mirra Freestyle BMX", the players do not skate simultaneously, instead they take turns. The game types are identical to "Dave Mirra", just renamed. Each game takes place on a different level associated with the specific challenge. The game types are follows:
Characters.
There are six fictional characters to choose from in "Thrasher". Players can rename and re-clothe (when new clothes are unlocked) any skater if so desired. Each player has different statistics, meaning that some tricks will be performed more easily. Also, each character also has a special move that is executed with a specific combination.
Soundtrack.
The game is unique for its soundtrack as it only features early rap and hip-hop songs from the late 1980s to early 1990s as compared to other skate punk video game soundtracks in the genre.
Reception.
The game received above-average reviews according to the review aggregation website GameRankings. Blake Fischer of "NextGen" called it "a sim that's tedious, not fun".

</doc>
<doc id="7015104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015104" title="Norinco HP9-1">
Norinco HP9-1

The Norinco HP9-1, also known as the Norinco N870-14.00 and Norinco M982, is a short pump action shotgun made by weapons manufacturer Norinco (North China Industries Corporation).
Description.
This 12 gauge smoothbore shotgun has a 14-inch (36 cm) barrel and a rust-resistant parkerized finish. 
It is also available with 12.5-inch (31.75 cm) and 18-inch barrel (45.72 cm) variants. Different sights are available as well, ranging from traditional bead sights to ghost ring sights.
The Norinco HP9 is a copy of the Remington 870, a widely distributed design no longer under patent protection, and most of the parts interchange freely.
Legality.
In the United States.
In 1993, the import of most Norinco firearms and ammunition into the United States was blocked under new trade rules when China's permanent normal trade relations status was renewed. 
The prohibition did not apply to sporting shotguns or shotgun ammunition, however.
Longer barreled versions (18" minimum) are also available for purchase in the US, where ownership of short barreled shotguns requires a $200 tax stamp. 
In the United States, where other Norinco products are specifically non-importable, this gun is imported and sold under the names Norinco Hawk 982 and Interstate Hawk 982.
In Canada.
The Norinco HP9 can be legally purchased and owned in Canada, as it falls under the "non-restricted" firearm class. 
The rules and regulations in regard to storage, transportation and handling of non-restricted firearms apply. Non-restricted firearms are classified as ordinary rifles and shotguns.
As defined by the Criminal Code of Canada, a firearm is classified as:
Variants.
Type 97.
Original variant without any stock attachment.
Type 97-1.
Features a fixed stock or side-folding stock.
Type 97-2.
Feed from a 12 gauge box magazine instead of the internal tube.
Hawk Series.
Export variants featuring various configurations.

</doc>
<doc id="7015114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015114" title="Father Muller Medical College">
Father Muller Medical College

Father Muller Medical College is a private medical school located at Kankanady in Mangaluru, Karnataka. It is a part of the Father Muller Charitable Institutions (FMCI).
History.
Fr. Muller's Hospital opened its doors to the people of South Canara in 1880. It started when Fr. Augustus Muller S.J, a German Jesuit priest dispensed homeopathic medicines under a Banyan tree. It went on to become a Leprosy hospital (now known as the St Joseph's Leprosy Hospital) and then into a fully fledged hospital. It started the School of Nursing which offered diplomas in General Nursing and Midwifery (GNM) and later College of Nursing which offered degree in Bachelor of Nursing Science.
In 1989, Fr. Muller Institute of Medical Education and Research was duly constituted. Fr. Muller's Institute of Medical Education and Research (FMIMER) started in 1991 with postgraduate courses and then went on to include other courses under its banner, including the Bachelors in Physiotherapy (1994–95), M.Sc in Hospital Administration (1996) and Bachelor of Medicine and Surgery (MBBS) course in 1999. It was thereby was raised to the status of Medical College.
Father Muller college has installed college management software for workflow automation of the entire campus to help the streamline the campus processes and benefit the management, faculty manage the college workflow and students as well as parents to effectively communicate with the management and faculty.
Fr. Muller's also boasts of a beautiful chapel — the St. Joseph's Chapel, inaugurated in 2005 — the post-Centennial silver jubilee year of Fr. Muller Charitable Institutions.
Administration.
The college is fully run by the Diocese of Mangalore with its president being Most Rev. Dr. Peter Paul Saldanha, Bishop Of Mangalore. Others in the administration include:
Attached teaching hospitals.
The college is affiliated to Fr. Muller Medical College Hospital. 
They have another attached hospital at Thumbay, Mangalore called Father Muller Hospital, Thumbay which acts as a rural connect as well as post graduate training hospital.
The college rural health care centre is located at Mullerkad, near Kavoor.
Students and interns posted in the Department of Community Medicine undergo postings at public health centres in Surathkal and Jeppu as well as rural hospitals in Belthangady, Badyar in Dakshina Kannada district and Honnavar, Uttara Kannada district.
The college conducts regular health camps from in far-flung areas in and around Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts.
Undergraduate courses.
The college offers a four-and-a-half-year MBBS course affiliated to Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences with a one-year compulsory rotating internship. There are 150 seats: 40% admissions are through a state level CET, 40% through the COMED-K entrance test, 15% through the NRI quota and 5% through the Management discretionary quota.
The college offers courses in B.P.T. (Bachelors in Physiotherapy), B.Sc. M.L.T. (Medical Laboratory Technology), B.A.S.L.P. (Bachelor in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology) and B.Sc. Radiography.
Postgraduate courses.
Postgraduate degree (MD/MS) and diploma in specialties which include Medicine, Surgery, Paediatrics, Obstetrics and Gynaecology, ENT, Ophthalmology, Orthopaedics, Radio-diagnosis, Psychiatry and Pathology and master's degree (M.Sc) in Hospital Administration.
Events.
The one event that manages to capture the imagination of the Mullerians is the yearly interclass competition, named "Big Bang" in 2003, "The Quest" in 2004, "The Arena" in 2005, "The Conquest" in 2006, "The Apocalypse" in 2007, "Chakravyuh" in 2008, "Argonautica" in 2009 and "Solaris" in 2010.
Fr. Muller's also conducts an inter-college competition known as the "Mullerfest" annually.
Every year Fr. Muller's holds several events. One was "Deca Fest" in 2010. It concluded on 21 February 2010 after about 30 scheduled events.
The college organises sporting events which include Football, Basketball, Throwball, Volleyball, Badminton, Table-Tennis and athletic meet "Velocity" at interclass and intercollegiate level (RGUHS Mysore Zone tournaments).
As many as 576 students belonging to different streams received degrees during the Graduation Ceremony and Institutions’ Day of Father Muller Charitable Institutions (FMCI) on 13 March 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="7015116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015116" title="Reading Fringe Festival">
Reading Fringe Festival

Reading has had several Fringe Festivals over the years. The first Reading Fringe Festival was started in 2005 in Reading, Berkshire, after a group of several musicians, producers and promoters decided to showcase Reading's musical talent in the week running up to the Reading Festival. The concept was to bring the local promoters and venues together for one week of gigs promoted by the fringe committee. Unfortunately, it ran for a few years and decided to not continue the concept.
In 2012, three Reading enthusiasts, with a background in the arts decided to start up a new Reading Fringe Festival. It was started by Thomas Sellwood, a playwright and director, Gemma Wells, a marketeer and Zsuzsi Lindsay, a producer and project manager. The first Reading Fringe Festival under new manager kicked off in 2013, with nine venues, 20 acts over five days. It is now in its seventh year and works with 18 venues, over 100 events and runs over 10 days.
It has won a number of accolades since starting including, Reading Cultural Contribution Award and the Pride of Reading Awards, the Alt Reading Festival of the Year Nominee, Festival of the Year at the Reading Cultural Awards, and they have also been nominated for the Queen's Service Award.

</doc>
<doc id="7015117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015117" title="Thomas George Shaughnessy, 1st Baron Shaughnessy">
Thomas George Shaughnessy, 1st Baron Shaughnessy



</doc>
<doc id="7015121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015121" title="James Patrick Murray">
James Patrick Murray



</doc>
<doc id="7015122" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015122" title="Satisfy (Kathryn Scott album)">
Satisfy (Kathryn Scott album)



</doc>
<doc id="7015123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015123" title="Great Southern Railway (South Gippsland)">
Great Southern Railway (South Gippsland)



</doc>
<doc id="7015125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015125" title="AFC U-17 Women's Asian Cup">
AFC U-17 Women's Asian Cup

The AFC U-17 Women's Asian Cup, founded as the AFC U-17 Women's Championship and later the AFC U-16 Women's Championship, before changing to its current name after the 2019 edition, is a biennial women's football tournament for youth teams organised by the Asian Football Confederation. It further serves as the qualifying competition for the FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup. The AFC agreed to the proposal for switching the tournament from under-16 to under-17 starting from 2022. Thus, the tournament was rebranded from the "AFC U-16 Women's Championship" to the "AFC U-17 Women's Asian Cup".
Format.
The tournament was first held in 2005 as an under-17 tournament. With only 11 teams entering in the inaugural year, there was no qualification held. In 2007 the tournament switched to the under-16 tournament, again eight teams entered the competition. In 2009 twelve teams entered and thus for a first time a qualifying round was held. The 2011 edition featured two qualification rounds. Here five seeded teams for the finals were joined by an additional 13 teams fighting for a final sixth spot.
From 2026 on, the tournament will be held annually, as the FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup will also be held annually. Additionally, the tournament will be expanded from 8 to 12 teams.
Summary results.
For each tournament, the flag of the host country and the number of teams in each finals tournament (in brackets) are shown.
FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup results.
For each tournament, the flag of the host country and the number of teams in each finals tournament (in brackets) are shown.

</doc>
<doc id="7015126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015126" title="Amber (Camp Lazlo)">
Amber (Camp Lazlo)



</doc>
<doc id="7015127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015127" title="Abu Dhabi Mall">
Abu Dhabi Mall

Abu Dhabi Mall is a shopping mall in central Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. It opened on 15 May 2001 and has over 200 shops, food court and cinema. The mall is located next to the Beach Rotana hotel, with a direct internal entrance from the hotel. In January 2017, Forbes recognized Abu Dhabi Mall as the second best shopping mall in Abu Dhabi. 

</doc>
<doc id="7015129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015129" title="Koombooloomba, Queensland">
Koombooloomba, Queensland

Koombooloomba is a rural locality in the Tablelands Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , the locality of Koombooloomba had "no people or a very low population".
The locality was used during the construction of the Kareeya Hydro Power Station.
Geography.
There is a hydro-electric Koombooloomba Dam nearby. The Koombooloomba dam acts as a water reservoir which supplies water to the Tully River downstream and the Kareeya Hydro Power Station. The Tully River flows from nearby Tully into the ocean.
History.
The village of Koombooloomba was built to accommodate the workers on the Koombooloomba Dam. The timber for the village was cut from trees that would be submerged by the dam.
Koombooloomba State School opened on 19 February 1953 and closed in 1963.
Koombooloomba Post Office opened about December 1952 and closed about 1963.
Demographics.
In the , Koombooloomba had "no people or a very low population".
In the , the locality of Koombooloomba had "no people or a very low population".

</doc>
<doc id="7015132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015132" title="Turňa nad Bodvou">
Turňa nad Bodvou

Turňa nad Bodvou (; ; Yiddish טארנא) is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1198. The capital of the historic county Torna County of the House of Keglević was Turňa Castle (Slovak: Turniansky hrad), later the town of Turňa nad Bodvou with a population of about 30'000 people in the year 1851. The town Turňa nad Bodvou became a village after the First World War and the Treaty of Trianon.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 180 metres and covers an area of 23.12 km². It has a population of about 3230 people.
Ethnicity.
The majority of the population is almost evenly split between Slovaks (43.92%) and Hungarians (43.57%), with Romani (8.06%) as the largest minority (2001).
Government.
The village has its own tax office and police force but the district office is located at Moldava nad Bodvou. It also has its own birth registering office.
Economy and facilities.
The village also has developed medical facilities including a Pharmacy and outpatient facilities for children and adolescents and a gynaecologist.
The village also has a Slovakian bank and insurance branch.
Culture.
The village has a public library and a DVD rental store.
The village is connected to cable television. The village also has a castle located on a hill by the village entrance named the Turnansky Hrad. There is little remaining of the structure as much of it was destroyed under the orders of Ceasar Leopold in the year 1685, and later in 1848, a fire brought down the roof. There is now only one wall and the remains of a turret left standing although this too is crumbling.
Sport.
The village has a football pitch.
Transport.
The village has a railway station on the Košice to Zvolen line with a generally two-hourly service. It also has two bus stops.

</doc>
<doc id="7015139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015139" title="Moein (singer)">
Moein (singer)

Nasrollah Moein Najafabadi (born 20 January 1952) (), known professionally as Moein (, ), is an Iranian pop and traditional music singer based in Los Angeles. He began his musical career at the age of 18, training under renowned artists such as Taj Esfahani and Hassan Kasaei. His first official song, "Yeki Ra Doost Midaram", released in 1978, brought him widespread fame.
Following the 1979 Iranian Revolution and the subsequent restrictions on musicians, Moein immigrated to the United States, where he continued his career with the release of his debut album, "Miparastam", in 1983. Most of his well-known works are the result of collaborations with other Iranian artists in exile. Moein has released 26 official albums, with his latest, "Mandegar", published in 2019. He has performed at prestigious venues worldwide, including the Universal Amphitheatre and the Greek Theatre in Los Angeles, as well as the Dubai Opera House. Moein studied music academically and is often referred to as the "eternal voice of love."
Early life.
Moein, born Nasrollah Moein Najafabadi on Sunday, 19 January 1952, in Najafabad, Isfahan Province, grew up in a religious, middle-class, and large family, being the seventh child. During his youth, he recited the Quran and performed classical Persian poetry by renowned poets. Alongside friends, he held numerous performances in his hometown and other cities in Isfahan Province. His passion for singing emerged in childhood, and he began his career as a radio singer, quickly gaining widespread attention for his voice. From 1970 to 1978, he performed at Radio Isfahan, the Shah Abbas Hotel in Isfahan, and the Thousand and One Nights Cabaret.
In 1978, Moein released his debut single, "Yeki Ra Doost Midaram", in Tehran, with lyrics by Masoud Amini (introductory vocals by Iraj Baghaei Kermani) and music composed by Moein himself. The song became an instant hit, transcending Iran's borders and being covered by other Iranian singers who had immigrated to the U.S. post-revolution, including Hayedeh, Aref, and Ebi. This track propelled Moein to fame overnight, establishing him as a prominent vocalist. In recent years, Moein has enjoyed significant popularity in Iran and has performed concerts worldwide, earning the title "eternal voice of love."
Life Abroad.
Moein’s professional career in the United States began in the early 1980s. In 1983, he released his debut solo album, "Miparastam", through Taraneh Records. Throughout his career, he has collaborated with distinguished Iranian pop music composers, including Anoushiravan Rohani, Sadegh Nojouki, Mohammad Heydari, Jahanshakh Pazouki, Kazem Alemi, Hassan Shamaizadeh, Manouchehr Cheshmazar, Farid Zoland, Andranik, Siavash Ghomayshi, and Babak Bayat. He has also worked with prominent lyricists such as Leila Kasra, Homa Mirafshar, Masoud Amini, Ardalan Sarfaraz, Shahyar Ghanbari, Masoud Fardmanesh, Homayoun Hoshiyarnejad, Jacqueline, and Zoya Zakarian, and has performed duets with Hayedeh.
Moein’s collaboration with renowned composer Sadegh Nojouki resulted in albums such as "Naneh (Be To Miandisham)" and "Khatereh 7", featuring popular tracks like "Tanaz" and "Arbab-e Vafa", which significantly boosted his popularity.
In 1986, Moein released "Kaabeh", which became the best-selling album of the year. He and Hayedeh formed a successful artistic duo, producing the best-selling album of 1987, "Golhay-e Ghorbat 1". Among his notable performances is a 1992 concert at the Universal Amphitheatre in Los Angeles, led by Andranik.
In 2000, Moein released the album "Parvaz", followed by the successful "Lahzeha" in 2002, collaborating with artists such as Hassan Shamaizadeh, Homa Mirafshar, and Babak Radmanesh. Standout tracks from "Lahzeha" include "Lahzeha", "Faramoosham Nakon", "Ghasam Nakhor", and "Shabay-e Raftan-e To". After a five-year hiatus, he released "Tolo" in the fall of 2007, working with Babak Bayat, Babak Sahraei, Fazlollah Tavakol, Sadegh Nojouki, and Kazem Alemi. Following this, Moein released several singles, including "Khatereh", "Hamdam", "Shomal", and "Khouneh-ye Arezoo". After a 12-year gap since his last album, he released "Mandegar" on 20 January 2019, collaborating with lyricists and composers such as Afshin Moghaddam, Afshin Yadollahi, Roozbeh Bemani, Homa Mirafshar, Babak Zarrin, Mohammad Heydari, and Fazlollah Tavakol. "Mandegar" remains his latest album.
Career.
He began his artistic career as a radio singer and released several albums before "Miparastam" in 1983, which was his first album to be widely noticed in Iran. The name of this album was "Ghazal". In recent years, Moein has become widely acclaimed in Iran and he has played concerts all around the globe. He is referred to as "Javdan Sedaye Eshgh," which translates to "The Eternal Voice of Love".
Moein has a strange skill in presenting romantic and sad works, which is related to the burning and sadness hidden in his voice.
Personal life.
In 1989, at the age of 38, Moein married a Spanish woman and released the album "Sobhet Bekheyr Azizam" that same year. In 1991, their daughter, Paricheh (meaning "little fairy"), was born.
In 1995, Moein separated from his wife and lived alone with his young daughter for a period, during which he recorded "Baba (Cheshmat-o Va Kon o Bebin)", inspired by his daughter’s separation from her mother. In 1999, he married his second wife, an Iranian woman named Pantea, with whom he has a daughter named Setareh. Moein currently resides in Encino, Los Angeles.
Collaborations with Other Artists.
In 1986, Moein collaborated with Hayedeh, Mahasti, and Anoushiravan Rohani on the album "Sal", performing the tracks "Havas" and "Avaz-e Jodaei". He later worked with Hayedeh and Mohammad Heydari on "Golhay-e Ghorbat 1", performing "Delam Gereft". In 1988, he joined a group of Iranian singers in Los Angeles to perform "Tanin-e Solh", composed by Farrokh Ahi with lyrics by Leila Kasra, to mark the end of the Iran-Iraq War.
In 2012, Siavash Ghomayshi composed "Parandeh", which he recorded as a duet with Moein for the first time in his career.
Return to Iran.
On 9 January 2024, Mohammad Mehdi Esmaili, Iran’s Minister of Culture and Islamic Guidance, responded to a journalist’s question about Moein’s potential activities in Iran, stating, “Their presence in Iran is not an issue; permission to perform is a separate matter, governed by the law. The same rules apply to them as to anyone else.”
Hassan Shamaizadeh, quoting Moein from a phone conversation, claimed that Moein had dismissed the possibility of returning to Iran.
The Song "Safar".
The song "Safar" (beginning with “Safar kardam ke az yadam beri, didam nemishe…”), composed by Farid Zoland with lyrics by Leila Kasra, is one of Moein’s notable works. Director Mostafa Kiai drew inspiration from this song for his film "Anti-Bullet", which tells the story of a man whose life is transformed by Moein’s rendition of the track.

</doc>
<doc id="7015140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015140" title="LGBTQ rights in Albania">
LGBTQ rights in Albania

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people in Albania face legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents, although LGBT people are protected under comprehensive anti-discrimination legislation. Both male and female same-sex sexual activities have been legal in Albania since 1995, but households headed by same-sex couples are not eligible for the same legal protections available to opposite-sex couples, with same-sex unions not being recognized in the country in any form.
Albania, as a whole, is considered to be rather conservative, especially in public reactions regarding lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender (LGBTQ) rights and visibility of LGBT people; however, anti-discrimination legislation have made ILGA-Europe regard Albania as one of a very few countries in Europe which explicitly bans discrimination on the grounds of gender identity. Albania has ratified Protocol No. 12 to the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms; moreover, Albania was a signatory to the 2007 UN Declaration on Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity.
In 2015, the association ILGA-Europe ranked Albania 19th in terms of LGBT rights out of 49 observed European countries. Meanwhile, on the latest report in 2022, lack of progress caused Albania to be ranked the 28th country in Europe, among 49 countries observed.
Law regarding same-sex sexual activity.
Ottoman Empire.
In 1858, the Ottoman Empire legalized same-sex sexual intercourse.
Zogist era.
In 1937, Musa Juka, the minister of interior, was concerned with the practice of homosexuality and wanted to "take measures with all possible means" against its practice.
People's Socialist Republic of Albania.
The People's Socialist Republic of Albania penalized same-sex sexual intercourse with long prison terms, bullying and ostracism. Article 137 of the Crimes against Societal Moral of the Penal Code stated that: "Pederasty is punishable or up to ten years of freedom privation". The word "pederasty" was used as a code word for sex between two consenting adults or sex between an adult and a child of any gender.
Republic of Albania.
The age of consent has been equal at 14 for all, regardless of gender and/or sexual orientation, since 2001.
In the summer of 1994 the government of Albania put forward a draft Penal code under which homosexuality would have remained illegal, but with the maximum sentence reduced from the previous ten years in prison to three years. A campaign by the Gay Albania Society within Albania, and international pressure orchestrated by ILGA, in which the Council of Europe played an important role, led to the withdrawal of this draft law.
On 20 January 1995 the Albanian Parliament legalized consensual same-sex sexual relations in Albania.
Recognition of same-sex relationships.
Same-sex marriage or civil unions are not currently recognised in Albania. Even though then Prime Minister Sali Berisha announced in July 2009 that he would support the recognition of civil marriages, the proposed anti-discrimination law, unanimously approved on 4 February 2010, never addressed same-sex marriage. Gay rights groups praised the new law but said they hoped that Berisha would eventually keep to his promise on legalising same-sex marriage.
Igli Totozani, the then People's Advocate, announced in October 2013 that he would be drafting a bill for parliament to debate on changes to the family code that would allow for same-sex marriage to be introduced. But as of 2024 no change has happened, with LGBT activists criticising the inaction of the government.
Discrimination protections.
On 4 February 2010, the Albanian Parliament unanimously adopted a comprehensive anti-discrimination law which bans discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation and gender identity. The law applies to all areas, including employment, the provision of goods and services, education, health care, and housing. Albania is one of only few European countries to explicitly ban discrimination on the basis of gender identity. The law also exceeds EU minimum standards, which require that employers refrain from discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. According to this law an institution of Anti-Discrimination Commissioner was established during 2010 and the Parliament elected Irma Baraku as head of this independent body.
However, on 12 December 2012 "The Alliance against Discrimination" and Pro LGBT, two organizations that promote the rights of LGBT people, expressed their disappointment for what they called "the weak and unprofessional work done by the Commissioner Against Discrimination". According to Xheni Karaj and Kristi Pinderi, leaders of these organizations, the LGBT community "has lost its trust in the institution due to its slow work, raise of the deliberate bureaucratic impediments and its prolonged process of investigation without providing an explanation or a substantial argument".
They argued that out of nine cases linked to the discrimination of LGBT people directly or through hate speech, only one case has been concluded by this institution. The most disputed case of homophobia and hate speech was the case of Ekrem Spahiu Deputy Minister of Defense who stated to a local newspaper: "What remains to be done is to beat them up with a stick. If you don't understand this, I can explain it: to beat them with a rubber stick". The EU Delegation in Tirana, Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International and ILGA-Europe, the local and international media covered and condemned this statement, even the Prime Minister Sali Berisha condemned it publicly, but the Commissioner failed to follow up the case.
On 4 May 2013 the Albanian Parliament unanimously amended the criminal code and put hate crimes against sexual orientation and gender identity on par with an offense against gender, race, ethnicity, religious belief, disability and so on. It also passed a new law punishing the dissemination of homophobic information through any means (including the internet) by a fine and up to two years imprisonment.
In October 2020, Albania's anti-discrimination law was expanded to prohibit discrimination on the grounds of sex characteristics and HIV status.
LGBT issues in public education.
In June 2016, the government of Albania passed the National Action Plan for LGBTI that would address bullying and LGBT discrimation in primary and secondary education with lectures and other activities. The Albanian Ministry of Education, Sports and Youth expressed that in accordance to the plan, it would work with LGBT activists to fight discrimination on the ground of sexual orientation. The inclusion of LGBT issues in school activities created much controversy, with many political figures like Tritan Shehu, Luçiano Boçi, Mesila Doda, Nard Ndoka and Ylli Manjani expressing strong opposition to such activities.
In response to the controversy, the Ministry of Education and Sports issued a statement on 23 March 2018, stating that contrary to media reports, it was aware of these lectures and that they were conducted in the framework of the LGBTI National Action Plan which among other things aims to combat stereotypes based on sexual orientation. In a controversial statement, the director of Tirana high school "Sami Frasheri" Ms. Teuta Dobi publicly opposed such lectures, despite the fact that several weeks earlier LGBTI activists had given a lecture at her school with the approval of the school.
LGBT rights movement in Albania.
There are several organisations in Albanian focused on LGBT rights – the three best known are Aleanca Kunder Diskriminimit LGBT (Alliance Against LGBT Discrimination), Pro LGBT and Pink Embassy/LGBT PRO ne Shqiperi. These organizations work to create a better and more equal living situation for LGBT people in Albania.
"The Alliance Against LGBT Discrimination" (short form: "Aleanca LGBT") is an Albanian non-governmental organization founded by five lesbians. It envisions a free, open and equal Albanian society that embraces diversity and is inclusive of people of all sexual orientations and gender identities. "Aleanca LGBT" was created in March, 2009 by a volunteer group of LGBT young people dedicated to improving life and empowering LGBT people in Albania. Aleanca's activities include: community building, awareness raising, advocacy and lobbying. Xheni Karaj, this NGO's current director, spoke in an Ankara meeting held in March 2013 as being the first out lesbian activist in Albania.
Pro LGBT is mainly focused on public awareness on LGBT issues and using advocacy as a tool to improve the situation of LGBT community. This organization co-funded by activist Kristi Pinderi who is a journalist in profession, launched in 2012 the human rights news portal "My Story" (historiaime.al), which has become the main source in Albania for LGBT issues.
In December 2010, the Deputy Commission for Labour, Social Affairs and Health, Tritan Shehu, declared that "homosexuality should be treated by medical staff as hormonal disorder, as well as psychological". The LGBT organizations filed a collective complaint with the Commissioner for Protection from Discrimination. The Commissioner reviewed the declarations and, after a lengthy delay, on 30 September 2011 reprimanded Shehu in a letter to Parliament: "Mr. Shehu should avoid discriminatory remarks in the future, which cause an atmosphere of tension and unfriendliness towards the LGBT community in Albania." The Commissioner further recommended that Parliament should grant "all guaranties so that the thoughts, opinions and remarks of the LGBT community are heard, evaluated and taken into consideration, when they are directly involved on specific topics, in order to help the community to enjoy fully its rights and freedoms".
In 2014 the first edition of Miss Trans Albania was held in Tirana, a beauty pageant competition for trans women in Albania, aiming to raise visibility and acceptance for the transgender community.
In April 2018, Erinda Ballanca, the current People's Advocate, came out in support of same-sex marriage and pledged to support LGBT rights including the right to legally change one's gender.
Violence and discrimination in everyday life.
In 2018 NGOs declared that there has, "Unfortunately, been stagnation and some deterioration in the respect of the rights of the LGBT+ community in our Albania."
According to the annual report of the organizations, by the end of 2018, there were 421 documented cases of discrimination against LGBTI members in Albania. The types of discrimination range from direct physical violence to psychological pressure such as insulting, ridiculing, labeling, malicious gossiping, humiliation on the street, not being offered services in bars, gyms, supermarkets, violent physical attacks by clients (sex workers), or on the street by homophobic persons. Out of all the cases reported, only five cases of violence were reported to authorities.
Religion and LGBT people in Albania.
Religion is not a major component of social, political and cultural life in Albania. Although religion is regarded as a private issue and is not part of political discourse, faith-based organizations have been trying to influence political decisions concerning the human rights of LGBTI people. On 19 August 2009, when ex-premier Berisha heralded a new law on anti-discrimination which would confer legal recognition and protection for the human rights of LGBTI people in Albania, religious organizations reacted en masse against the proposal. They wrote a letter to the government stating that they considered the extension of family rights to LGBTI people to be a threat to Albanian family and society. They considered homosexuality an imported habit from Western countries and urged the Prime Minister: "To do what is right in the eyes of God, and not what is right in the eyes of the modern world".
On 17 May 2012, a Muslim group, incited by faith-based leaders, organized an anti-gay demonstration in parallel with the Pro-Gay Festive Venue organized in a public open square. The demonstrators carried banners stating, "Homosexuality is a sin". Condemning the international community for its support to LGBTI people, the leader of the Muslim protesters said that: "Albania will not join the European Union with homosexuals", implying that if LGBTI people's rights are a membership condition, then Albania will not join the EU.
On 20 January 2016, the leaders of faith-based organizations, united to call upon the government and parliament to prohibit same-sex marriages to "protect the family from destruction". Under strong pressure from religious leaders, and contrary to promises that sexual orientation and gender identity would be included in the list of prohibited grounds for discrimination, members of parliament removed it from Article 18 of the Constitution at the last moment. On 20 July 2016, PINK Embassy published a press declaration criticizing the withdrawal of the constitutional amendments on discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation and gender identity, and criticized members of parliament for capitulating to religious intolerance warning that: "The submission of parliament to religious extremism is a threat to secularism and human rights".
Studies on religion in the Western Balkans show that homosexuality is perceived to be a unifying enemy promoted by Western values. The more that sexual diversity is defended by the West, the more resistance may emerge against LGBTI people's human rights. There are no faith-based groups providing support to LGBTI people.
Public opinion.
Social attitudes towards the LGBT community are generally negative and are among the most unfavorable in Europe. Data released by the ESS in 2013 reveal that the vast majority of Albanians are socially conservative and disapprove of the gay and lesbian community. According to the survey data, 53% of Albanians believe that "gays and lesbians should not be free to live life as they wish," the largest percentage holding that opinion in the survey.
Results of previous polling by Gallup's Balkan Monitor taken in 2010 show that 54.2% of Albanians consider homosexual relations wrong, while 22.7% disagree. A regional difference was observed, as respondents from Central Albania were more likely to disagree (35.5% agree, 28.2% disagree) than those from the North (59.8% agree, 16.4% disagree) or the South (71.1% agree, 17.2% disagree). Additionally, Albanian respondents were more likely to disagree than those from most neighboring Balkan countries, including North Macedonia (69.4% to 18.4%), Serbia (75.1% to 8.7%), Montenegro (65.8% to 12.1%), Kosovo (64.9% to 18.5%) and Bosnia (74.3% to 9.2%), while Croatia was comparable (50.3% to 20.4%). Other questions asked included whether homosexuals were entitled to "the same rights as all other people", to which 44.4% of Albanians agreed while 28.5% disagreed. On the other hand, 78.7% of Albanians thought "homosexual acts" were immoral, 56.2% thought that homosexuals should not have public posts (like being a teacher, the question said) and a similar number of 56.1% said they should not show their preferences in public.
A 2015 study on the Albanian youth aged 16–27 found that 55% would not want to have homosexual neighbours, while 34% would not care and 11% would be positive about it.
A 2016 study detected that there were more manifestations of homophobia among Albanian university students than Italian university students, but less among the Albanian students than among Ukrainian university students. Among the Albanians, factors associated with homophobia included being male, being politically conservative, and being religious (although no difference was detected between Catholics and Muslims, while there were not many representatives of other groups except for atheists in the survey). On the other hand, being politically progressive and being in a relationship were associated with decreased detection of homophobia among Albanian students.
According to the results of a 2015 Balkan poll by the National Democratic Institute only 6% of the Albanians would support their child completely if they found out they there were LGBT and that figure drops to 3% if it was their friend/acquaintance/colleague. Also 8% had interacted with a person who they knew to be LGBT. In the same poll 58% of the Albanians also said they would not vote for a political party that supports LGBT rights.
In 2022, a nationwide questionnaire carried out ahead of IDAHOT, revealed low acceptance levels when it comes to interacting with LGBTI+ people in everyday lives. Less than 1 in 5 Albanians (16.4%) have had a social or professional relationship with someone from the LGBT+ community and only around 1 in 10 Albanians would accept someone from the LGBT community as a friend (12.5%), neighbor (14.3%), colleague (14.7%), boss (12.9%), or family doctor (9.3%). The difference between Albanians who live in rural areas with those living in urban areas, and between generations was small. Younger generations are just as refusing of the LGBT+ community as older generations.

</doc>
<doc id="7015144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015144" title="Ben Ikin">
Ben Ikin

Benjamin Ikin (born 21 February 1977) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer, and the CEO of the Queensland Rugby League from 22 May 2023. He previously worked in football operations roles for the Brisbane Broncos from June 2021 until May 2023, and had been the host of talk show NRL 360 on Fox League as well as a commentator for the Nine Network and Fox Sports.
An Australian international and Queensland State of Origin representative centre turned five-eighth, Ikin played club football for the Gold Coast Seagulls, the North Sydney Bears and the Brisbane Broncos, with whom he won the 2000 premiership, before being forced into early retirement in 2004 by injury.
Playing career.
As a Gold Coast junior and promising and , Ikin became the youngest player in State of Origin history when he was chosen as a replacement back for the Maroons during the troubled 1995 season at age 18.
Ikin's debut season ended prematurely when he was injured. However, he signed with the North Sydney Bears in 1996. Ikin made his debut for Norths in Round 1 1996 against his former club, the Gold Coast Seagulls, who had been Re-named Gold Coast Chargers, scoring a try in a 42-26 victory. Ikin finished the 1996 season as North Sydney's top try scorer. Ikin played in the club's shock preliminary final loss to St. George.
In the 1997 ARL season, Ikin made twenty-two appearances as Norths again reached another preliminary final but were defeated 17-12 at the Sydney Football Stadium by the Newcastle Knights.
In the 1998 NRL season, Ikin made twenty-five appearances for Norths as they reached another finals campaign but were eliminated in the minor semi-final against the Canterbury Bankstown Bulldogs 23-2 at North Sydney Oval. At the end of 1998, Ikin was chosen as a reserve in the final two Tests against New Zealand in September, making him the last international to be selected from the North Sydney club.
He then tried to gain a release from his contract to play with premiers the Brisbane Broncos in 1999, but his request was refused. Reluctantly playing with Norths, he suffered a broken jaw in an off-field incident that kept him sidelined for eight weeks. Ikin played in North Sydney's final game in the top grade which was against North Queensland in Round 26 at the Willows Sports Complex. North Sydney won 28-18.
In 2000, Ikin finally got the chance to link with Brisbane when North Sydney was forced into a joint venture with the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles. He finished his first season with the Broncos playing five-eighth in the club's 2000 NRL grand final win over the Sydney Roosters. It was later revealed that he played the latter part of the season with a shoulder injury that required surgery during the 2000 off-season. In 2000, Ikin was awarded the Australian Sports Medal for his contribution to Australia's international standing in the sport of rugby league. Ikin also considered playing for Wales in the 2000 Rugby League World Cup due to his Welsh heritage through his grandfather
A mainstay of the Queensland State of Origin team, a further knee injury limited Ikin to just six matches in 2001 and ruined any chance of extending his Test record. Ikin made a successful comeback from his injury, even returning to State of Origin duty, but he had lost a lot of his speed and stood down from the Broncos' elite squad at the end of 2003. Playing for Broncos' feeder club the Toowoomba Clydesdales, Ikin was recalled into the Brisbane team during the 2004 representative season and played in eleven games in the latter half of the year.
Ikin's last NRL game was the 2004 elimination final against North Queensland which Brisbane lost 10-0 at the Willows Sports Complex.
Post playing.
Ikin was a rugby league commentator for the Nine Network and regularly appeared on "The Sunday Footy Show". On 3 June 2009, he resigned from the Nine Network, due to "A Current Affair" running a story about his father's ill-fated storage business on the Gold Coast.
Until June 2021, Ikin was host of "NRL 360" on Fox Sports alongside journalist Paul Kent. He started as Football and Performance Director for the Brisbane Broncos on 28 June 2021. In March 2023, that role changed to Head of Football Operations. In May, the Broncos confirmed that Ikin had completely ceased working at the club. Soon after, Ikin reportedly accepted the role of CEO for the Queensland Rugby League "midway through (the Broncos) season".
Personal life.
Ikin is married to Elizabeth (Beth) Bennett, the daughter of Wayne Bennett, who had coached Ikin at the Brisbane Broncos and in the Queensland State of Origin and Australian Test teams.
Ikin's middle brother, Sean, was a recording artist with Universal Records from 1999 to 2002. He recorded an independent album in London UK in 2005 called "Gallery of Murmurs".
Ikin's youngest brother, Anthony, is a public speaker and life coach, as well as a five-time Australian aerobics champion and a top-twenty contestant in "So You Think You Can Dance Australia (season 1)".

</doc>
<doc id="7015146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015146" title="Triholm railway station">
Triholm railway station

Triholm was a railway station on the Strzelecki railway line in South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia. The station was opened on 29 June 1922. Triholm became the line terminus station from 22 November 1930 when Strzelecki station was closed due to a timber trestle bridge developing a large sway every time a train passed over it. It was deemed uneconomical to rebuild it and the section was closed after being in operation for only eight years. Triholm was then the terminus station until it was closed on 7 August 1941 following flooding of the Lang Lang River, which resulted in damage to one of the four trestle bridges over that river, after which the line was closed back to Yannathan station.
Station facilities.
Upon opening of the line in 1922 Triholm station was supplied with cattle and sheep yards, goods loading and storage facilities, and passenger facilities, even though Triholm was the terminus station for 11 years it was never fitted with a turntable, which required trains to run tender first on down runs.

</doc>
<doc id="7015149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015149" title="Isopogon cuneatus">
Isopogon cuneatus

Isopogon cuneatus, commonly known as coneflower, is a species of plant in the family Proteaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is a shrub with oblong to egg-shaped leaves with the narrower end towards the base, and flattened-spherical heads of glabrous pale to purplish pink flowers.
Description.
"Isopogon cuneatus" is a shrub that typically grows to a height of and has hairy pale to reddish brown branchlets. The leaves are oblong to egg-shaped with the narrower end towards the base, long and wide. The flowers are arranged in conspicuous, flattened-spherical, sessile heads on the ends of branchlets, long in diameter with broadly egg-shaped involucral bracts at the base. The flowers are about long, pale to purplish pink and glabrous. Flowering occurs from July to October and the fruit is a hairy oval nut, fused with others in a hemispherical cone up to in diameter.
Taxonomy.
"Isopogon cuneatus" was first formally described in 1810 by Robert Brown in the "Transactions of the Linnean Society of London".
Distribution and habitat.
Coneflower grows in heath, shrubland and low woodland on stony hills and swampy flats between Albany, the Stirling Range and Cheyne Bay in the Esperance Plains, Jarrah Forest and Warren biogeographic regions.

</doc>
<doc id="7015151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015151" title="Dorothea Towles Church">
Dorothea Towles Church



</doc>
<doc id="7015154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015154" title="LGBTQ rights in Andorra">
LGBTQ rights in Andorra

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) rights in Andorra have advanced significantly in the 21st century, and are now considered generally progressive. Civil unions, which grant all the benefits of marriage (including adoption), have been recognized since 2014, and discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation is constitutionally banned. The General Council passed a bill on 21 July 2022 that would legalize same-sex marriage in 2023, and convert all civil unions into civil marriage. In September 2023, Xavier Espot Zamora, the Prime Minister of Andorra, officially came out as homosexual.
Law regarding same-sex sexual activity.
A law prohibiting same-sex sexual activity was abolished in 1791. 
Age of consent.
The age of consent for both same-sex and heterosexual relationships is 14, as specified by Article 147 of the Penal Code, which reads:
""1. Whoever carries out a sexual act with a person younger than fourteen years ... shall be punished with imprisonment for three months to three years."
"2. If the act involves oral, anal, or vaginal penetration by a part of the human body or by an object, the penalty shall be imprisonment for three to ten years"".
Recognition of same-sex relationships.
Same-sex civil marriage within Andorra was legalised in 2023. Previously, civil unions were available. 
Since 2005, same-sex couples have been able to register their partnership under the name "stable union of a couple" ("unió estable de parella"). On 2 June 2014, the ruling Democrats for Andorra party introduced a civil union bill to the General Council. The bill established civil unions equal to marriage in everything but name, and would also grant same-sex couples joint adoption rights. On 27 November 2014, the bill passed on a vote of 20 to 3 with several abstentions. On 24 December, the bill was published in the official journal, following promulgation by co-prince François Hollande as the signature of one of the two co-princes was needed. It took effect on 25 December. 
On 10 March 2020, three parties forming the governing coalition, the Democrats, the Liberal Party and Committed Citizens, presented the draft of a bill to reform family law including to legalize same-sex marriage. The bill would also eliminate civil unions and convert all existing unions into civil marriage. The bill was introduced to the General Council on 24 November 2020 and was passed on 21 July 2022.
Adoption and family planning.
Before 2014, same-sex couples were not allowed to adopt, because the adoption law only recognised this possibility for heterosexual couples. This was changed when the civil union law granting full adoption rights was passed in November 2014 and came into force on 25 December 2014.
Discrimination protections.
Andorra has prohibited discrimination based on sexual orientation since 2005. Hate crimes motivated by the victim's sexual orientation result in additional legal penalties. In addition, in December 2008, the Constitutional Court ruled that sexual orientation is included in the prohibited grounds of discrimination in the Constitution of Andorra under the category "any other ground".
Article 4 of the "Law 35/2008, of 18 November, on professional relations" () forbids employers and workers from discriminating against employees or colleagues on account of sexual orientation, among other categories.
Reports of public discrimination against LGBT people are rare. In 2000, a young gay man, 17-year-old Nuno Ribeiro, was murdered in the country due to his sexual orientation, resulting in public outcry. In addition, there are a few cases of parents expelling their children from their homes because of their sexual orientation. However, in general, Andorran society tends to be very tolerant of homosexuality and same-sex relationships, and acceptance is high.
In February 2019, the General Council adopted legislation addressing equal treatment and non-discrimination. The "Llei 13/2019, del 15 de febrer, per a la igualtat de tracte i la no-discriminació" ("Law 13/2019, of 15 February, for equal treatment and non-discrimination"), provides protection for LGBT people, among others, in numerous areas including employment, education, health care, social services, housing, public establishments, etc. Article 4(2) states:
Transgender rights.
A new Family Law passed by Parliament on 21 July 2022 allows trans people to update their name and gender on legal documents through a simple process without medical intervention. The law came into effect six months after its promulgation.
Discrimination on account of gender identity and expression in areas such as employment, the provision of goods and services, etc., is prohibited. Additionally, the "Llei 14/2019, del 15 de febrer, qualificada dels drets dels infants i els adolescents" ("Law 14/2019, of 15 February, on the rights of children and adolescents") establishes that transgender children must be respected in their gender identity.
Blood donation.
Men who have sex with men (MSM) can donate blood to the "Banc de Sang i Teixits de Catalunya", and to the "Établissement Français du Sang" in France.
Activism.
In 2019, LGBT group DiversAnd was formed. It was established after the association "" (meaning "We Are As We Are" in Catalan) ended its work in 2018. DiversAnd focuses on preventing and addressing bullying and discrimination in schools, advocating for transgender people's rights to change their name and gender, and same-sex marriage. It organised a pride parade in June 2019.
The first LGBT demonstration in Andorra occurred on 6 September 2002. On 23 June 2003, "Som Com Som" organized the first gay pride parade in the country, which took place at the Plaça del Poble in Andorra la Vella.
On 17 May 2019, the International Day Against Homophobia, the Department of Equality launched a short film, entitled "#lovingdiversity", and raised online awareness of LGBT issues.
Public opinion.
According to a 2013 survey by the "Institut d'Estudis Andorrans", 70% of Andorrans were in favour of same-sex marriage, 19% were against and 11% were undecided or had refused to answer.

</doc>
<doc id="7015155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015155" title="Topiram railway station">
Topiram railway station

Topiram was a railway station on the Strzelecki railway line in South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia. The station was opened on 29 June 1922, and was closed on 7 August 1941 following flooding of the Lang Lang River, which resulted in damage to one of the four trestle bridges over the river, after which the line was closed back to Yannathan station.
Station facilities.
Upon opening of the line in 1922 Topiram station was supplied with cattle and sheep yards, goods loading and storage facilities, and passenger facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="7015159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015159" title="Yellow Wikis">
Yellow Wikis



</doc>
<doc id="7015164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015164" title="Athlone railway station, Victoria">
Athlone railway station, Victoria

Athlone was a railway station on the Strzelecki railway line in South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia. The station was opened in 1922, and was closed on 7 August 1941 following flooding of the Lang Lang River, which resulted in damage to one of the four trestle bridges over the river, after which the line was closed back to Yannathan station.
Station facilities.
Upon opening of the line in 1922, Athlone station was supplied with sheep yards, passenger facilities, an oil driven water pumping plant and water tower as well as departmental residence.

</doc>
<doc id="7015167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015167" title="LGBTQ rights in Armenia">
LGBTQ rights in Armenia

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people in Armenia face legal and social challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents, due in part to the lack of laws prohibiting discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation and gender identity and in part to prevailing negative attitudes about LGBT persons throughout society.
Homosexuality has been legal in Armenia since 2003. However, even though it has been decriminalized, the situation of local lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) citizens has not changed substantially. Many LGBT Armenians fear being socially outcast by their friends and families, causing them to keep their sexual orientation or gender identity secret, except to a few family members and friends.
Homosexuality remains a taboo topic in many parts of Armenian society. In a 2012 study, 55% of correspondents in Armenian stated that they would cease their relationship with a friend or relative if they were to come out as gay. Furthermore, this study found that 70% of Armenians find LGBT people to be "strange". There is, moreover, no legal protection for LGBT persons whose human rights are frequently violated.
Many LGBT individuals report fearing violence in their workplace or from their family, leading to underreporting of human rights violations and criminal offences. As a result, reported incidents of discrimination, harassment, or hate crimes likely underestimate their true prevalence.
In 2011, Armenia signed the "joint statement on ending acts of violence and related human rights violations based on sexual orientation and gender identity" at the United Nations, condemning violence and discrimination against LGBT people.
Since 2023, the Human Rights Defender of Armenia's annual report has included a focus on LGBT+ rights. 
In 2025, ILGA-Europe ranked Armenia 46th out of 49 European countries for the protection of LGBT rights, with no change compared to the previous years. 
The gradual European integration of Armenia will encourage the alignment of Armenian law to EU norms and standards. Armenia's accession to the European Union will require the adoption of anti-discrimination laws ensuring equal rights for all, including the LGBT+ community.
Legality of same-sex sexual activity.
Between 1920 and 1991, Armenia was part of the Soviet Union. Until 2003, the legislation of Armenia followed the corresponding Section 121 from the former Soviet Union Penal Code, which specifically criminalized anal intercourse between men. Lesbian and non-penetrative gay sex between consenting adults was not explicitly mentioned in the law as being a criminal offence.
The specific article of the Penal Code was 116, dating back to 1936, and the maximum penalty was five years' imprisonment.
The abolition of the anti-gay law along with the death penalty was among Armenia's pre-accession conditions to the Council of Europe in 2001. In December 2002, the Azgayin Zhoghov (National Assembly) approved the new penal code in which the anti-gay article was removed. On 1 August 2003, President of Armenia Robert Kocharyan ratified it, thus making Armenia the last Council of Europe member state where same-sex sexual activity was decriminalized.
There were seven prosecutions in 1996 and four in 1997 under the law (according to Amnesty International), and four in 1999 (according to the Legal Affairs and Human Rights Committee of the Council of Europe).
In 2001, local human rights NGO "Helsinki Association" published via its website the story of a 20-year-old. In 1999, the young man was sentenced to three months of imprisonment for having sex with another man. He was the last to be condemned under Article 116. In his testimony, he denounced prison guard abuse and mistreatment but also the corrupt judge who shortened his sentence for a $US1,000 bribe. The mediatization or publicizing of his case signaled the first gay "coming out" in Armenia.
The age of consent is 16, regardless of gender and sexual orientation.
Recognition of same-sex relationships.
Same-sex marriage and civil unions are not legal in Armenia and the Constitution limits marriage to opposite-sex couples.
In late 2017, Father Vazken Movsesian of the Armenian Apostolic Church, a high-ranking member of the clergy, expressed his personal support for same-sex marriage, becoming one of the most high-profile supporters of same-sex marriage in Armenia. In an interview with Equality Armenia, Movsesian likened the historic persecution of Armenians by Turkey to the persecution faced by LGBT people. "We've been persecuted because we were not accepted, because we were different. As an Armenian Christian, how can I possibly close my eyes to what's going on in the world? And it's not just in Armenia, just everywhere, this intolerance", he said. Other supporters include organisation Equality Armenia, whose goal is "achieving marriage equality in Armenia".
In November 2018, the Armenian Government rejected a bill proposed by MP Tigran Urikhanyan to introduce further prohibitions on same-sex marriage.
On 26 August 2019, the Minister of Justice, Rustam Badasyan, stated that Armenia does not recognize same-sex marriage.
Discrimination protections.
Although Armenia was among the first nations in the region to endorse the UN declaration on sexual orientation and gender identity in December 2008, as of 2025, there is no legislation protecting LGBT individuals from discrimination and hate crime. A 2011 survey revealed that 50% of Armenians would "walk away indifferently" if they witnessed violence against an LGBT person, underscoring the deeply ingrained cultural opposition to homosexuality.
In a 2024 statement on anti-discrimination legislation in Armenia, the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe appealed to the Armenian Government and Parliament to ensure the protection of the rights of LGBTI people, proposing the following recommendations:
On 30 January 2024, the administrative court of Yerevan ruled in favor of granting Salman Mukayev, a Russian citizen from Chechnya, asylum and refugee status. Fearing persecution for homosexuality in Chechnya, Mukayev applied for asylum in Armenia. The courts decision was based on concerns over the repressive treatment of the LGBT community in both Chechnya and Russia.
At Pink Armenia's 2025 IDAHOBIT event, the Human Rights Defender's office confirmed their commitment to monitor the situation of LGBT+ rights, respond to violations, and enhance institutional responses.
ILGA-Europe conducts activities related to advancing LGBT rights in Armenia through seven NGO's and civil societies based in Armenia.
Military service.
According to the Helsinki Committee of Armenia, in 2004, an internal defence ministry decree effectively bans gay men from serving in the armed forces. In practice, gays are marked as "mentally ill" and sent to a psychiatrist.
Living conditions.
Violence and homophobia/transphobia.
In the fall of 2004, Armen Avetisyan, founder of the extreme right group Armenian Aryan Union (AAU), announced that some top Armenian officials were gay. Various parliament members initiated heated debates which were broadcast on public TV, and asserted that any member found to be gay should resign, an opinion also shared by Presidential Advisor for National Security Garnik Isagulyan.
In May 2012, suspected "Neo-Nazis" launched two arson attacks at a lesbian-owned pub in Armenia's capital, Yerevan. Armenian News reported that in the second attack on 15 May, a group of young men arrived at the gay DIY Rock Pub around 6pm, where they burned the bar's "No to Fascism" poster and drew the Nazi Swastika on the walls. This followed another attack on 8 May in which a petrol bomb was thrown through the Rock Pub's window.
In May 2018, while in Armenia on a humanitarian mission, Elton John was subjected to homophobic slurs and eggs were hurled at him. The suspect was later released by the police.
In August 2018, nine LGBT activists were violently attacked by a mob at a private home in the town of Shurnukh, sending two of them to hospital for serious injuries. The violent attack received widespread media coverage, and was condemned by human rights groups and the U.S. embassy. The attackers were later released by the police.
In April 2023, police raided Poligraf, a prominent nightclub in Yerevan known as a safe space for Armenia's LGBTQ+ community, detaining over forty individuals. Pink Armenia has condemned the incident, with chairperson Lilit Avetisyan stating, "They laid all those present on the ground, used violence, took everyone to the police department, and started mocking them, mainly based on their clothing and sexual orientation."
On 21 August 2023, at a candlelight vigil for a murdered trans woman named Adriana, organized by Right Side NGO in Komitas Park in Yerevan, more than 100 LGBTQ+ activists gathered, along with Adriana's family, the Dutch ambassador to Armenia and a representative from the British embassy. The vigil was disrupted by a group of agitators who threw eggs, bottles, and stones at the mourners. Police officers, who had gathered in the park in preparation for the vigil, did not intervene.
Activism.
Following the abolition of the anti-gay law, some sporadic signs of an emerging LGBT rights movement were observed in Armenia. In October 2003, a group of 15 LGBT people gathered in Yerevan to set up an organization which was initially baptised GLAG (Gay and Lesbian Armenian Group). But after several meetings, the participants failed to achieve their goal.
In 1998, the Armenian Gay and Lesbian Association of New York was founded to support LGBT diasporan Armenians. A similar group was also established in France.
In 2007, Pink Armenia, another NGO, emerged to promote public awareness on HIV and other STI (sexually transmitted infections) prevention but also to fight discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. Pink conducts research on the status of LGBT people in Armenia, while working with other NGOs to combat homophobia.
Other LGBT groups include the GALAS LGBTQ+ Armenian Society, the Armenia Rainbow Initiative, and Equality Armenia, which is based in Los Angeles, United States.
During the 2018 Armenian Revolution, Mamikon Hovespyan, Director of Pink Armenia, stated "while LGBT+ people were present at previous protests, this time they were more visible and accepted."
On 5 April 2019, a transgender woman, Lilit Martirosyan, took the floor at the National Assembly of Armenia and talked about the hopes for a better and more secure future for the LGBT community in Armenia. Her speech marked the first time in the history of Armenia that a transgender person had spoken in the National Assembly. She described herself as "the embodiment of a tortured, raped, kidnapped, physically assaulted, burnt, murdered, robbed and unemployed Armenian transgender." Her speech faced a lot of backlash, specifically MP Naira Zohrabyan who quit the National Assembly during the speech and threats from MP Vartan Ghukasian to have her burnt alive. In February 2020, a member of an Armenian nationalist party tried to "clean up" Armenia's National Assembly. "Since the lectern of the National Assembly has been desecrated," Sona Aghekyan announced, "I'm going to burn incense here." Aghekyan was referring to transgender activist Lilit Martirosyan, who made a brief speech in parliament from the same lectern in 2019.
Freedom of speech and expression.
In 2013, the Armenian police proposed a bill outlawing "non-traditional sexual relationships" and the promotion of LGBT "propaganda" to youth in a law similar to the Russian anti-gay law. Ashot Aharonian, a police spokesperson, stated that the bill was proposed due to the public's fear of the spreading of homosexuality. However, NGOs including Pink Armenia claimed that this was an attempt to distract the public from various sociopolitical issues within the country. The bill ultimately failed to pass.
In November 2018, a Christian LGBT group had to cancel several forums and events it had planned due to "constant threats" and "organized intimidation" from political and religious leaders, as well as a "lack of sufficient readiness" from the police force to protect them.
"Iravunk" newspaper incident.
On 17 May 2014, the "Iravunk" newspaper published an article with a list of dozens of people's Facebook accounts from the Armenian LGBT community, calling them "zombies" and accused them of serving the interest of the international homosexual lobby. The newspaper was sued and taken before the Armenian Court of Appeals, where the judges found that the newspaper did not offend anybody and ordered the plaintiffs to pay 50,000 dram (US$120) as compensation to the newspaper and its editor, Hovhannes Galajyan.
Human rights reports.
2017 United States Department of State report.
In 2017, the United States Department of State reported the following, concerning the status of LGBT rights in Armenia:
2024 Amnesty International report.
Amnesty International's 2024 report on Armenia notes that in June 2024, staff in the office of the Human Rights Defender of Armenia reported being subjected to threats, harassment and verbal abuse, particularly for their work with LGBT+ individuals. Pink Armenia criticized the report's "minimal acknowledgment" of LGBT+ rights, noting that Armenia's laws still do not explicitly protect against discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity.
2024 Pink Armenia report.
In May 2025, Pink Armenia released its report regarding the human rights situation of LGBT+ people in Armenia in 2024. The report highlights the LGBT+ community's declining trust in law enforcement agencies, the widespread nature of hate speech on social media and in the news media, and Armenia's international human rights obligations.
Public opinion.
A 2016 study by the Heinrich Böll Foundation found that only 9% of respondents knew anyone who was LGBT and 90% agreed with the statement, "Homosexual relationships should be banned by law".
According to a June 2015-June 2016 survey by the Pew Research Center, 96% of Armenians opposed same-sex marriage, with only 3% supporting it.
In May 2017, a survey by the Pew Research Center in Eastern European countries showed that 97% of Armenians believed that homosexuality should not be accepted by society.
According to a 2022 survey by the World Values Survey, 85% of Armenians believed that "homosexuality is never justified". The same survey found that 82% of Armenians "would not like to have homosexuals as neighbors".

</doc>
<doc id="7015169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015169" title="Relax Fuenlabrada">
Relax Fuenlabrada



</doc>
<doc id="7015170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015170" title="Amr Ibn Ubayd">
Amr Ibn Ubayd



</doc>
<doc id="7015172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015172" title="Heath Hill railway station">
Heath Hill railway station

Heath Hill was a railway station on the Strzelecki railway line in South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia. The station was opened on 29 June 1922, and closed on 7 August 1941 following flooding of the Lang Lang River, which resulted in damages to one of the four trestle bridges over the river, after which the line was closed back to Yannathan station.
Station facilities.
Upon opening of the line in 1922 Heath Hill station was supplied with goods loading and storage facilities, passenger facilities and departmental residence.

</doc>
<doc id="7015176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015176" title="Ali bin Abi Talib">
Ali bin Abi Talib



</doc>
<doc id="7015177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015177" title="Grigore Răceanu">
Grigore Răceanu

Grigore Ion Răceanu (1906–1996) was a Romanian communist politician and opponent of Nicolae Ceaușescu.
Born in Cojocna, Cluj County, he became a train driver for Căile Ferate Române. He was also a trade union leader, being one of the organizers of the strikes of Cluj in 1929-1933. He became a member of the underground Romanian Communist Party in 1936. Toward the end of the 1930s, he moved to Brașov, where he worked for Industria Aeronautică Română. In September 1940, he organized a protest in Brașov against the Second Vienna Award.
During World War II, Răceanu lived in Bucharest, where his views conflicted with those of Ștefan Foriș, the leader of the Communist Party. Răceanu criticized the stance of the party on its obedience to the orders of the Soviet Union, especially on the annexation of Bessarabia and Northern Bukovina in June 1940. Due to this, in 1942, he was excluded from the party.
After the war, Răceanu was accepted again as a member of the party, but soon after, in 1958, he was excluded once again and arrested as an enemy of the people for his opinions, being freed from prison in 1960. Grigore Răceanu married Ileana Pop and became the stepfather of Mircea Răceanu, who later became a noted diplomat.
In March 1989, he was one of the six old-time Communists (together with Gheorghe Apostol, Alexandru Bârlădeanu, Silviu Brucan, Corneliu Mănescu, and Constantin Pîrvulescu), who signed a letter ("The Letter of the Six") that criticized Ceaușescu's policies and was made public by BBC World Service, Voice of America, and Radio Free Europe. As a result of this letter, Răceanu was declared a traitor and put under house arrest, being freed after the Romanian Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="7015182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015182" title="Participatory technology development">
Participatory technology development

Participatory technology development (PTD) is an approach to learning and innovation that is used in international development as part of projects and programmes relating to sustainable agriculture. The approach involves collaboration between researchers and farmers in the analysis of agricultural problems and testing of alternative farming practices.
Origins.
The origins of Participatory Technology Development can be found in a number of approaches, concepts and techniques that became popular in the 1970s and 1980s: 
Process.
One of the leading authorities on this process is the "Centre for learning on sustainable agriculture - ILEIA" based in the Netherlands. ILEIA has described PTD as “a process between local communities and outside facilitators which involves: 
Facilitators.
PTD facilitators are usually researchers, sometimes consisting of a team that includes both biological and social scientists. While PTD is closely linked to research, it often crosses the boundary into agricultural extension because it involves learning activities with farmers.

</doc>
<doc id="7015188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015188" title="Glasgow City council area">
Glasgow City council area



</doc>
<doc id="7015195" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015195" title="Turna nad Bodvou">
Turna nad Bodvou



</doc>
<doc id="7015196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015196" title="Aaron Michael Metchik">
Aaron Michael Metchik

Aaron Michael Metchik (born April 22, 1980), also credited as Aaron Metchik, is an American former actor, writer, and director, known for his role as Steven Floyd Torkelson on "The Torkelsons" and as Jeremy in "Trading Mom".
Biography.
Metchik's acting debut was as Steven Floyd Torkelson from 1991 to 1992 on the Oklahoma-set series "The Torkelsons". When the show was spun off into "Almost Home" the next year, two of the five children were inexplicably written off the show, including Metchik's character. Since then, Metchik has had several guest-starring roles on television, as well as various film roles, his largest role being that of Alan Gray in the 1995 film "The Baby-Sitters Club", the adaptation of the popular novel series. He has also had various voice roles, including a recurring role of Jack Pumpkinhead Jr. in several straight-to-video "The Oz Kids" films, and that of Ithicles in the 1997 Disney film "Hercules". In 1999, Metchik made his directorial debut with the short film "Jenny", which won the 2000 Reel Frontier Award for Best Long Short Take. He wrote, produced, directed, and starred in "Ten Years Later", a film which released in 2010.
After his last film, "More Than Stars", released in 2012, Metchick became a full time acting coach, running his acting program Actor's Edge out of Los Angeles and San Luis Obispo.
Metchick attended Shell Beach Elementary School and Judkins Middle School in Pismo Beach and Arroyo Grande High School in Arroyo Grande, California. His brother is actor Asher Metchik. His mother, Robyn Metchik, connected Zac Efron with a talent agent, effectively launching Efron's career.

</doc>
