<doc id="6984177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984177" title="Rural cemetery">
Rural cemetery

A rural cemetery or garden cemetery is a style of cemetery that became popular in the United States and Europe in the mid-19th century due to the overcrowding and health concerns of urban cemeteries, which tended to be churchyards. Rural cemeteries were typically built outside of the city, far enough to be separated from the city, but close enough for visitors. They often contain elaborate monuments, memorials, columbariums and mausoleums in a landscaped park-like setting.
The rural cemetery movement mirrored changing attitudes toward death in the nineteenth century. Images of hope and immortality were popular in rural cemeteries in contrast to the puritanical pessimism depicted in earlier cemeteries. Statues and memorials included depictions of angels and cherubs as well as botanical motifs such as ivy representing memory, oak leaves for immortality, poppies for sleep and acorns for life.
From their inception, the new cemeteries were intended as civic institutions designed for public use. Before the widespread development of public parks, the rural cemetery provided a place for the general public to enjoy outdoor recreation amidst art and sculpture previously available only for the wealthy.
The popularity of rural cemeteries decreased toward the end of the 19th century due to the high cost of maintenance, development of true public parks and perceived disorderliness of appearance arising from independent ownership of family burial plots and different grave markers. Lawn cemeteries became instead an attractive design.
History.
In the early 19th century, urban burial grounds were generally sectarian and located on small plots and churchyards within cities. With the rapid increase in urban populations due to the Industrial Revolution, urban cemeteries became unhealthily overcrowded with graves stacked upon each other, or emptied and reused for newer burials. The practice of embalming did not become popular until after the Civil War and cemeteries often had the stench of decomposing corpses. After several yellow fever epidemics, many cities began to relocate cemeteries outside city limits, as it was believed to be more hygienic.
As early as 1711, the architect Sir Christopher Wren advocated for the creation of burial grounds on the outskirts of town, "inclosed with a strong Brick Wall, and having a walk round, and two cross walks, decently planted with Yew-trees".
An early influence on the Rural Cemetery movement was the New Burying Ground in New Haven, Connecticut (later named Grove Street Cemetery). The New Burying Ground was established in 1796, and was the first example in the U.S. of a non-sectarian cemetery outside of church and city control in a park-like setting.
In 1804, the first rural cemetery, the Père Lachaise Cemetery, opened in Paris. The new design took the cemetery out of the control of the church, using an attractive park built on a grand scale, architectural design and careful planting inspired by the English garden movement.
United States.
The first rural cemetery in the United States was Mount Auburn Cemetery in Cambridge, Massachusetts, founded by Dr. Jacob Bigelow and Henry Dearborn of The Massachusetts Horticultural Society in 1831. The City of Boston became concerned about the health hazards caused by decomposing corpses in cemeteries in the middle of the city. A citizens' group led by Bigelow pulled together residents to discuss the design and location of a cemetery outside city limits. The search for a site took six years and land was eventually purchased on a farm known as Sweet Auburn along the Charles River about four miles from Boston.
Coinciding with the growing popularity of horticulture and the Romantic aesthetic taste for pastoral beauty, Mount Auburn was developed as a "domesticated landscape" popularized by 19th century English landscape design. Its plan included retention of natural features like ponds and mature forests with added roads and paths that followed the natural contours of the land, as well as the planting of hundreds of native and exotic trees and plants. United States Supreme Court Justice Joseph Story delivered the dedication address on September 24, 1831.
Mount Auburn also began the practice of allowing the purchase of family plots large enough to allow the burial of several generations of a single family.
Mount Auburn quickly grew as a popular site for both burials and public recreation, attracting locals as well as tourists from across the country and Europe. Mount Auburn inspired dozens of other rural cemeteries across the U.S. such as Laurel Hill Cemetery in Philadelphia, and Green-wood Cemetery in Brooklyn. Many were accompanied by dedication addresses similar to Storys', which linked the cemeteries to the mission of creating a Christian republic.
In 1847, the New York State Legislature passed the Rural Cemetery Act which authorized commercial burial grounds in New York. The law led to the burial of human remains becoming a commercial business for the first time, replacing the practice of burying the dead in churchyards or on private farmland. One effect of the law was the development of a large concentration of cemeteries along the border between the New York City boroughs of Queens and Brooklyn, often called the "Cemetery Belt".
By the 1860s, rural cemeteries could be found on the outskirts of cities and smaller towns across the country. These cemeteries were decorated with tall obelisks, spectacular mausoleums, and magnificent sculptures.
By 1861, the rural cemetery movement began to decline partly due to the high cost of maintaining large landscapes but also due to the development of public parks. Many landscape designers, including Frederick Law Olmsted who designed Central Park in New York City, borrowed ideas from rural cemeteries. As more public parks opened, fewer people went to cemeteries for leisure and relaxation activities.
Due to the scale of death caused by the American Civil War (almost 2% the U.S. population died in the war), the U.S. government outsourced many burials to privately owned rural cemeteries.
Since family plot owners could do as they wished with their lots, rural cemeteries that began as orderly and scenic ended up as cluttered and unkempt. Rural cemeteries began to fade out of popularity and were replaced by the lawn cemetery.
Presently, many of these historic cemeteries are designated landmarks and are cared for by non-profit organizations.
Canada.
David Bates Douglass, a military and civilian engineer, working in the capacity as a consulting architect, designed the landscape layout of Albany Rural Cemetery, 1845–1846. He modeled his design of the Albany Rural Cemetery, as well as his subsequent and final one, "Mount Hermon Cemetery" (1848), in a rural area outside of Quebec City, Canada, upon his first design, the highly acclaimed Green-Wood Cemetery, in what at the time was a rural section of Brooklyn. All three of Douglass' rural, garden cemeteries have been conferred a historic status, by their respective nations.
Its architect, Charles Baillargé, took inspiration from Green–Wood Cemetery, as well, for his design of this garden cemetery, in what at the time was the rural outskirts of the city of Québec.
England.
The development of the American movement paralleled the creation of the landscaped cemeteries in England, with Mount Auburn inspiring the design of London's first non-denominational cemetery at Abney Park (1840), one of the Magnificent Seven cemeteries.
Germany.
Among the first of the "Parkfriedhof" established in German-speaking Europe, the South Cemetery ("Südfriedhof") in Kiel dates from 1869, the "Riensberger Friedhof" in Bremen dates from 1875, the 1881 Zentralfriedhof Friedrichsfelde in Berlin, the 1881 Südfriedhof in Leipzig, and the Ohlsdorf Cemetery in Hamburg. The Ohlsdorf was transformed from a treeless, sandy plain into 92 acres of sculpted, wooded landscape by its first director, architect Wilhelm Cordes. In 2016 it stands as the largest rural cemetery in the world, and has been the largest cemetery in Europe since its opening in 1875.
 rural cemeteries were still unusual in Germany. Other examples include the Waldfriedhof Dahlem in Berlin, 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="6984178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984178" title="Penhold ACSTC">
Penhold ACSTC



</doc>
<doc id="6984192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984192" title="Rake Brook Reservoir">
Rake Brook Reservoir

Rake Brook Reservoir is a reservoir fed by two streams, including the eponymous Rake Brook, a tributary of the River Roddlesworth in Lancashire, England.
The reservoir is adjacent to the two Roddlesworth Reservoirs. It was constructed in the 1850s by Thomas Hawksley for Liverpool Corporation Waterworks, and was designed to hold compensation water to maintain flows in the rivers, whereas the reservoirs at Lower Rivington, Upper Rivington and Anglezarke held water for the public water supply. Water from the reservoir was fed into Anglezarke reservoir by a channel called The Goit.
Construction of the reservoir was authorised by an Act of Parliament obtained in 1847, and the engineer Thomas Hawksley designed an earth dam which was tall at its highest point and long. The reservoir was finished in 1857, and impounded of water when full.

</doc>
<doc id="6984195" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984195" title="Michael Ying Lee Yuen">
Michael Ying Lee Yuen



</doc>
<doc id="6984214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984214" title="Sam K Francis">
Sam K Francis



</doc>
<doc id="6984257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984257" title="Stabray">
Stabray



</doc>
<doc id="6984259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984259" title="Mlle Bocquet">
Mlle Bocquet

Mlle Bocquet (either Anne or Marguerite) (early 17th century–"after" 1661) was a French lutenist and composer. She ran a Salon with a Mlle de Scudéry from 1653–1659. She was in contact with members and founders of the Académie française. Bocquet's compositions explore the chromatic possibilities of the lute, with preludes in every key. Manuscript "F-Pn Vm.7 6214" of the Bibliothèque nationale de France contains a number of her preludes. Her music is also in French, German, and English manuscripts of the second half of the 17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="6984268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984268" title="Production of adult films by region">
Production of adult films by region



</doc>
<doc id="6984271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984271" title="First Galactic Empire">
First Galactic Empire



</doc>
<doc id="6984280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984280" title="Brice Armstrong">
Brice Armstrong

Brice Weeks Armstrong Jr (January 3, 1936 – January 10, 2020) was an American voice actor and radio announcer who primarily worked on the properties of Funimation. He was best known as the original narrator of "Dragon Ball", as well as Ginyu in "Dragon Ball Z", and Slug in the movie "". He was also known for being the voice of Miss Etta Kette in "Barney &amp; Friends".
Death.
Brice Armstrong died on January 10, 2020, a week after his 84th birthday. He was survived by 6 children and 9 grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="6984282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984282" title="Stoughton High School">
Stoughton High School

Stoughton High School (SHS) is a public high school the town of Stoughton, Massachusetts, United States. It serves students in grades 9 to 12 and is a part of Stoughton Public Schools. It has around an average of 300 students per grade level. It is located on 232 Pearl Street in Stoughton, Massachusetts. The principal is Juliette Miller. SHS is known for their award-winning marching band and color guard, known as the Marching Black Knights.
History.
Originally built in 1923, Stoughton High School had multiple additions before being completely rebuilt. (https://compass.vertexeng.com/projects/stoughton-high-school/)
The Stoughton High School Building Committee voted on Thursday, November 12, 2015 to recommend to the Massachusetts School Building Authority (MSBA) that the Town construct option C2A, to build a new Stoughton High School. The preliminary cost analysis for the total project is estimated to be $126,137,847. The projected state reimbursement is estimated at $54,598,291. The Town’s protected share of the cost is estimated to be $71,539,557.
Sports.
The Stoughton High School mascot is the Black Knights and the colors are orange and black.
Fall sports at Stoughton High School include football, marching band, volleyball, cross country, soccer, golf, field hockey, and cheerleading. Winter sports include boys basketball, girls basketball, swimming, indoor track and field, ice hockey, wrestling, and cheerleading. Spring sports include lacrosse, softball, baseball, track and field, and tennis.

</doc>
<doc id="6984285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984285" title="Commission on Higher Education (Philippines)">
Commission on Higher Education (Philippines)



</doc>
<doc id="6984287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984287" title="Battle of the East China Sea">
Battle of the East China Sea



</doc>
<doc id="6984291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984291" title="Anne Bocquet">
Anne Bocquet



</doc>
<doc id="6984296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984296" title="Marguerite Bocquet">
Marguerite Bocquet



</doc>
<doc id="6984298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984298" title="Bocquet">
Bocquet

Bocquet can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6984303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984303" title="Mademoiselle Bocquet">
Mademoiselle Bocquet



</doc>
<doc id="6984314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984314" title="Obturator ring">
Obturator ring

An obturator ring was a type of piston ring used in the early rotary engines of some World War I fighter aircraft for improved sealing in the presence of cylinder distortion.
Purpose.
The cylinders of rotary aircraft engines (engines with the crankshaft fixed to the airframe and rotating cylinders) suffered from uneven cylinder cooling as the side facing the direction of rotation received more cooling air which lead to thermal distortion. To keep weight down the cylinders on rotary engines had very thin-walls (1.5 mm) and some had no cylinder liners. On engine types without cylinder liners, obturator rings, made of bronze in the early Gnome engines, were fitted as these were soft enough to not damage cylinder walls and could flex to the shape of the cylinder. 
In operation wear on the rings was considerable. Engines needed to be overhauled about every 20 hours. The reliability of Gnome engines license-built by The British Gnome and Le Rhone Engine Co. was improved with an overhaul life of about 80 hours being achieved, mainly as a result using a special tool to roll the 'L' section obturator rings. Clerget rotary aircraft engines also used obturator rings which were prone to overheating and seizure. 
Le Rhône and Bentley BR1/BR2 rotary engines used cylinder liners and were sealed using conventional piston rings rather than obturator rings.
External links.
An 'L' section obturator ring is shown in Patent US 1378109A - "Obturator ring".

</doc>
<doc id="6984319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984319" title="Vamık Volkan">
Vamık Volkan

Vamık D. Volkan, M.D., DFLAPA, FACPsa, (born 1932 in Lefkoşa, Cyprus) is a Turkish Cypriot born American psychiatrist, internationally known for his 40 years work bringing together conflictual groups for dialogue and mutual understanding. Among his many other honours, he is the president emeritus of International Dialogue Initiative (IDI).
Biography.
Vamık D. Volkan is an emeritus professor of psychiatry at the University of Virginia, Charlottesville, Virginia and an emeritus training and supervising analyst at the Washington Psychoanalytic Institute, Washington, D.C. During his 39 years at the University of Virginia Volkan was the medical director of the university's Blue Ridge Hospital for eighteen years. A year after his 2002 retirement, he became the Senior Erik Erikson Scholar at the Erikson Institute of the Austen Riggs Center, Stockbridge, Massachusetts, and he has spent three to six months there each year for ten years.
In the early 1980s Volkan was a member and later the chairman of the American Psychiatric Association's Committee on Psychiatry and Foreign Affairs. This committee brought influential Israelis, Egyptians and Palestinians for unofficial negotiations. In 1987, Volkan established the Center for the Study of Mind and Human Interaction (CSMHI) at the School of Medicine, University of Virginia. CSMHI applied a growing theoretical and field-proven base of knowledge to issues such as ethnic tension, racism, large-group identity, terrorism, societal trauma, immigration, mourning, transgenerational transmissions, leader-follower relationships, and other aspects of national and international conflict. The CSMHI's faculty included experts in psychoanalysis, psychiatry, psychology, diplomacy, history, political science, and environmental policy. In 1987 the Soviet Duma signed a contract with the CSMHI to examine existing difficulties between the Soviet Union and United States. Later the CSMHI members worked in the Baltic Republics, Kuwait, Albania, former Yugoslavia, Georgia, South Ossetia, Turkey, Greece, and elsewhere. Volkan founded the CSMHI's journal, Mind &amp; Human Interaction, which examined the relationship between psychoanalysis and history, political science and other fields.
Volkan was a member of the International Negotiation Network (INN) under the directorship of the former president Jimmy Carter (1989–2000) and also a member of the Working Group on Terror and Terrorism, International Psychoanalytic Association. He was a temporary consultant to the World Health Organization (WHO) in Albania and Macedonia. He had the honor to give the keynote address in Cape Town, South Africa in 2006, celebrating Archbishop Desmond Tutu's life of peaceful justice and the 10th anniversary of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission's activities. He also was honored on several occasions by being nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. Letters of support were sent from 27 countries.
Volkan holds Honorary Doctorate degrees from Kuopio University (now called the University of Eastern Finland), Finland, from Ankara University, Turkey, and the Eastern European Psychoanalytic Institute, Russia. He was a former president of the Turkish-American Neuropsychiatric Society, the International Society of Political Psychology, the Virginia Psychoanalytic Society, and the American College of Psychoanalysts. He was an Inaugural Yitzak Rabin Fellow, Rabin Center for Israeli Studies, Tel Aviv, Israel; a visiting professor of law, Harvard University, Boston, Massachusetts; a visiting professor of political science at the University of Vienna, Vienna, Austria and at Bahceșehir University, Istanbul, Turkey. He worked as a visiting professor of psychiatry at three universities in Turkey. In 2006, he was Fulbright/Sigmund Freud-Privatstiftung Visiting Scholar of Psychoanalysis in Vienna, Austria. In 2015, he became a visiting professor at El Bosque University, Bogota, Colombia.
He was a member of the International Advisory Board, Leonard Davis Institute for International Relations, Hebrew University of Jerusalem; an Inaugural Yitzak Rabin Fellow, Rabin Center for Israeli Studies, Tel Aviv, Israel; an honorary supervisor and consultant, Società per lo studio dei disturbi della personalità in Milan, Italy; chairperson of the Select Advisory Commission of the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Critical Incident Response Group that examined the 1993 Waco, Texas incident; a visiting professor of law, Harvard University, Boston, Massachusetts; a visiting professor of political science at the University of Vienna, Vienna, Austria and at Bahceșehir University, Istanbul, Turkey; a board member of the Freud Foundation in Vienna and a member of the Working Group on Terror and Terrorism, International Psychoanalytic Association.
Dr. Volkan was recognized by Natur och Kultur, Stockholm, Sweden for Outstanding Contributions to the Psychoanalytic Study of Societies. He was elected to Honorary Membership in the European Confederation of Psychoanalytic Psychotherapies (ECPP) as a Practitioner, a Training Analyst and a Supervisor. He was also elected to Honorary Membership in the Association for Psychodynamic Psychotherapy, Finland and Turku Psychotherapy Association, Finland.
Among many awards he received are Nevitt Sanford Award, Elise M. Hayman Award, L. Bryce Boyer Award, Margaret Mahler Literature Prize, Hans H. Strupp Award, the American College of Psychoanalysts' Distinguished Officer Award for 2014. He also received the Sigmund Freud Award given by the city of Vienna, Austria, in collaboration with the World Council of Psychotherapy and Mary S. Sigourney Award for 2015. The Sigourney Award was given to him because he was due to his being a seminal contributor "to the application of psychoanalytic thinking to conflicts between countries and cultures," and because "his clinical thinking about the use of object relations theory in primitive mental states has advanced our understanding of severe personality disorders."
Volkan is the author, coauthor, editor or coeditor of over fifty psychoanalytic and psychopolitical books some of which has been translated into Turkish, German, Russian, Spanish, Japanese, Greek and Finnish. He has written hundreds of published papers and book chapters. He has served on the editorial boards of sixteen national or international professional journals, including The Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association. Volkan was the Guest Editor of the Diamond Jubilee Special Issue of The American Journal of Psychoanalysis, 2015.
Volkan has given hundreds of keynote addresses and lectures in Australia, Austria, Bosnia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Columbia, Croatia, Cyprus, Egypt, Estonia, Georgia, Germany, Great Britain, Greece, Holland, Israel, India, Italy, Lebanon, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Northern Cyprus, Norway, Peru, Poland, Russia, Serbia, Senegal, Slovenia, South Africa, South Ossetia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey and the U.S.
Volkan is the president emeritus of the International Dialogue Initiative (IDI) which he established in 2007. The IDI members are unofficial representatives from Turkey, Iran, Israel, Germany, Russia, the United Kingdom, the United States, and the West Bank. They meet twice a year to examine world affairs primarily from a psychopolitical point of view. Volkan continues to lecture nationally and internationally.
Theories.
Volkan's research focuses on the application of psychoanalytic thinking between countries and cultures, individual and societal mourning, transgenerational transmissions of trauma and the therapeutic approach to primitive mental states. He developed unofficial diplomacy's "Tree Model," described "Linking Objects" and "Linking Phenomena" of perennial mourners, observed "Chosen Traumas" and "Chosen Glories" of societies and theorized the evolution of "Infantile Psychotic Self" in persons whose mental functions remain undeveloped.
Linking objects – which may be actual objects, or actions, or some other form of identification with the dead – serve to tie mourners (often by way of a chance association) to the moment of their actual loss. Volkan's "re-grief therapy", building on the work of Edward Bibring, sought to free pathological mourners by taking them back "to review the circumstances of the death – how it occurred, the patient's reaction to the news and to viewing the body, the events of the funeral, etc.".

</doc>
<doc id="6984320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984320" title="Monterrico, Guatemala">
Monterrico, Guatemala

The town of Monterrico is situated on the Pacific coast of Guatemala in the department of Santa Rosa. Known for its volcanic black sand beaches and annual influx of sea turtles, the town also serves as a major weekend beach resort for citizens of Guatemala City. The town is growing more popular with foreign tourists largely because of the local sea turtle conservation efforts as well as the laid-back atmosphere of the area.
Sea turtle conservation.
A few turtle conservation organizations operate in the Monterrico area because the long stretch of beach serves as a breeding ground for four species of sea turtles. Although some locals who
hunt for sea turtle eggs during the August–November season do donate a percentage of their catch
to the "tortugarios" (sea turtle hatcheries), the majority of eggs laid on the beach are harvested and eaten.
External links.
https://www.guatemala.com/guias/pasatiempos/lugares-turisticos-de-monterrico-guatemala/

</doc>
<doc id="6984323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984323" title="Thomas Murton">
Thomas Murton



</doc>
<doc id="6984327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984327" title="Teenage rebellion">
Teenage rebellion

Teenage rebellion is a part of social development in adolescents in order for them to develop an identity independent from their parents or family and a capacity for independent decision-making. Teenage rebellion usually begins at around 13 years old, while for some it may start to happen 1–2 years before puberty. It then ends at around 18–24 years old. They may experiment with different roles, behaviors, and ideologies as part of this process of developing an identity. Teenage rebellion has been recognized within psychology as a set of behavioral traits that supersede class, culture, or race; some psychologists, however, have disputed the universality of the phenomenon. According to Terror Management Theory, the child's allegiance to parental authority and worldviews can weaken after the discovery that parents, like themselves and everyone else, are mortal. This realization creates an unconscious need for security that is broader than what the parents alone provide. This can lead to new cultural allegiances, in the search for a more enduring sense of meaning. Teenagers seek to perceive themselves a valued contributor to aspects of culture that more convincingly outlive or transcend the mortal individual's lifespan. However, since the parents also instill their cultural beliefs onto the child, if the child does not come to associate their parents' mortality with their cultural beliefs, the chances of rebellion decrease.
Nature.
There remains some debate as to whether the causes of teenage rebellion are completely natural or necessary. Some posit that an adolescent's failure to achieve a sense of identity can result in role confusion and an inability to choose a vocation, and/or that these pressures may develop from being viewed as adults. Indeed, in the Western world the age at which one is considered an adult (in both the cultural and legal sense) has advanced from the early teens in earlier centuries to the late teens – or even, in today's society, one's early twenties. However, simply focusing on contemporary western or western-influenced cultures cannot answer the question of "universality". For example, if our hunter–gatherer ancestors or historic agrarian cultures had different patterns of behaviour, this would suggest that "teenage rebellion" is not "completely natural".
In "Scientific American", however, Harvard psychologist Robert Epstein disparaged the notion of "the immature brain that supposedly causes teen problems" as largely a myth, and wrote that the turbulence often seen as typical of these years is not "a universal developmental phenomenon." Epstein alternatively contends that external factorsnotably "treating older and older people as children while also isolating them from adults and passing laws to restrict their behavior"are more likely responsible for the angst seen among many American teens. Likewise, in an article by Robin Lustig of BBC, academic Cynthia Lightfoot states that what is now considered youth culture was created by the advent of compulsory formal education in the United States, due to the unprecedented separation of younger and older people that resulted from it. Lustig notes that the efflorescence of rebellious attitudes in teenagers of other countries has been concurrent with the introduction of Western culture into those countries.
Rebellion against peer norms.
While teenage rebellion can involve a violation of the law or other rules, it can be limited to a violation of societal norms, including those established by teenagers themselves. According to Rebecca Schraffenberger, her peers saw her bookishness and shyness "as vulnerability and ... made a game of preying upon it. I wasted a couple of years trying to conform and fit in, to wear the clothes from Benetton and buy the ultra-trendy Guess jeans. By the time I was fifteen, I gave up." Thus, Schraffenberger abandoned societal norms for an alternative minority goth culture. Much of goth culture defies majority teenage norms by its interest in subjects such as death, dark music, depression, and emotional demonstration.
The socio-emotional network.
Temple University psychologist Laurence Steinberg suggests that "stopping systems within the brain make adolescents more susceptible to engaging in risky or dangerous behavior." Steinberg states that "research does not support the stereotype of adolescents as irrational individuals who believe they are invulnerable and who are unaware, inattentive to, or unconcerned about the potential harms of risky behavior." He argues that risk-taking declines between adolescence and adulthood, because of the maturation of the cognitive control system, which strengthens the ability to inhibit impulsive behavior. Teenage risk-taking is the product of an interaction between the socio-emotional and cognitive control networks, and adolescence is a period in which the former becomes more assertive at puberty while the latter gains strength over a longer period of time. However, much of the time this network is not highly active. So when the socio-emotional network is not highly activated (for example, when individuals are not emotionally excited or are alone), the cognitive control network is strong enough to impose regulatory control over impulsive and risky behavior. In the presence of peers or under conditions of emotional arousal, however, the socio-emotional network becomes sufficiently activated to diminish the regulatory effectiveness of the cognitive control network. During adolescence, the cognitive control network matures, so that by adulthood, even under conditions of heightened arousal in the socio-emotional network inclinations toward risk-taking can be modulated.
A Cornell study from 2006 determined that teens are more likely to consider risk while making a decision, and for a longer period of time, than adults. They are more likely to overestimate the risks, in fact. Teens will also take risks because they find the reward, such as instant gratification or peer acceptance, more valuable. To further this theory, Cowan determined that future college attendees' academic aptitude and the reality of their realization of their actual college experience are negatively correlated. Many teenagers often have idealized and exaggerated expectations about their college experience, expecting it to be an unending period of happiness, excitement, and fulfillment. Therefore taking risk when valuing things such as popular media and peer acceptance. Casey, speaks on the imbalance between the socioemotional and limbic systems during adolescence, relative to childhood and adulthood. According to Casey teenagers commit suboptimal choices and actions due to their inability, or lack thereof, to consider, "nonlinear changes." This being due to the delayed development of the cognitive control system (Prefrontal Cortex) means that teenagers may struggle to weigh the potential consequences of their actions fully. This is theorized to be because of the quicker development of the limbic system, which plays vital roles in emotions, memories and arousal. Thus influencing individuals of this age to act on emotions rather than critical thinking.
Popular culture.
The phenomenon has been categorized by mainstream media and popular culture, and is a very common subject in music and film. Popular culture allows large diverse groups of people to identify indiscriminately and to feel represented. Not only does it serve as a way of inclusion in society as it joins the masses on standards of acceptable forms of behavior but it also forges a sense of identity, meaning and purpose that chains the individuals of a society. Many historians have analyzed the way that film influenced the teenage generation and culture. Thomas Doherty stated that film was one of the first forms of media to evolve from mass culture to teen culture, and that thanks to film the teen idol fever started. An example of films that projected images of youth is "Rebel Without a Cause", which was extremely influential at the time and created a new idea of young people. The film reflects juvenile delinquency along with confusion, uncertainty and fright of both teenagers and adults. Likewise, "Blackboard Jungle" is a film that focuses on juvenile delinquency and explains the reasons why teenagers behave the way they do, as well as the pedagogical issues that attack educators and students in a very fragile education system. Apart from the film industry, The Beatles influenced enormously in a social and cultural change. The band developed both personal freedom expressed by physical appearance and experimentation with drugs, which induced introspective and passive behavior, as opposed to alcohol. Their music challenged the generations of outdated parents and favored fun and adventure among teenagers. The Beatles became a liberating force for millions of teenagers who would then become activists, hippies and protests of social and cultural change. Many psychologists saw Beatlemania as a rebellion and a reaction against their conservative elders. Another example in music was "Rock Around the Clock", which not only was one of the first American rock n’ roll recordings but also it was considered the teenage National Anthem. Considering the film and music industries, the specialist John Storey defines popular culture as something that arises from the people rather than imposed upon them. In other words, popular culture is shaped and designed by its consumers and that is why it is, without exception, intervened with teenage rebellion.
Historical background.
The word "teenager" was seldom used until 1939 when it was mentioned in a headline in the "Journal of Education" for a review on a book study entitled "Adolescence: A Study in the Teen Age", albeit it was hyphenated as "Teen-Agers". Even though a lot of publications of the 1950s sought to explain this adolescence change, it was not until the twentieth century that historians began to analyze this phenomenon. The study of teenage rebellion has no definitive categories since scholars have given a multitude of causes for this behavioral evolution in society. Theodore Roszak was one of the first historians to analyze the teenage rebellion from the 1950s. According to Roszak, this individual movement could be compared to the Romantic Movement or even the Renaissance as people during those time periods struggled for independence the same way the youth of his society did. In his book "The Making of a Counter Culture", Roszak stated that teenage rebellion at the time was actually nothing more than a phase that each society goes through periodically. In other words, this longing for identity teenagers experience can be explained by being a part of a society. William O'Neill theorized that Americans in the 1950s were so deeply affected by events such as World War II and the Cold War that the youth of the time were simply neglected and this led them to rebel. James Gilbert agreed with O'Neill that the people who grew up during World War II were particularly affected and influenced from being raised by a war generation. Gilbert also added that the media contributed to this phenomenon by celebrating teenage delinquency with movies, music, and magazines. It is difficult to determine the extent to which mass media played a role in inspiring some bouts of juvenile delinquency in the suburbs. W.T. Lhamon discusses how the power of the teenage culture was not at first evident to those who capitalized on it. Eventually, society realized that changes in manners, values, and styles were not simply a trend but a growing expression of teenage rebellion against what teens viewed as conservative ideals they disagreed with. According to Lhamon, the youth culture was and still is something that has greater control in society than many realize. Numerous historians have attributed the source of the American teenage rebellion to many different factors throughout the years, such as the economic expansion, the wartime effects, media consumption, and the United States becoming increasingly conformist, politically conservative, and intolerant.

</doc>
<doc id="6984332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984332" title="Idea art">
Idea art

Idea art is an art form in which small individual ideas take precedence over grand concepts or ideologies and generic aesthetic, material and disciplinary concerns. The artist works not only like an architect or an engineer, as in the case of conceptual art, but also like a curator or an art writer.
Works of idea art may be in any medium.
The method was fundamental to Turkish artist Genco Gulan's definition of idea art, one of the first to appear online.

</doc>
<doc id="6984345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984345" title="Monterrico, guatemala">
Monterrico, guatemala



</doc>
<doc id="6984358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984358" title="X86 DOS Comparison">
X86 DOS Comparison



</doc>
<doc id="6984366" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984366" title="South-Western City Schools">
South-Western City Schools



</doc>
<doc id="6984367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984367" title="Billy Hartung (actor)">
Billy Hartung (actor)

Billy Hartung, also known as Bill Hartung and William Hartung, is an American actor and dancer with credits ranging from Broadway to film.
Born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in 1971, Hartung is a graduate of Seton-La Salle Catholic High School and received a BFA from Point Park University. He is a father of 6 children.
He made his acting debut in 1991 in the made-for-TV movie Guilty Until Proven Innocent. In 1993, he made his big screen debut as a boat preppie in the movie Striking Distance, which was filmed in his hometown of Pittsburgh.
Hartung appeared in the original cast of the Broadway productions of "Side Show", as Roustabout, and "Footloose", as Chuck Cranston. He also appeared in the film version of "Chicago".

</doc>
<doc id="6984369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984369" title="Russian 201st Military Base">
Russian 201st Military Base

The Russian 201st Military Base (; ) is a Russian military base based in Dushanbe, Tajikistan, part of the Central Military District. It was originally raised twice in World War II as part of the Soviet Union's Red Army and is now part of the Russian Ground Forces.
The Great Patriotic War.
201st Rifle Division (first formation).
The division was formed as Red Army national unit on 3 August 1941 in Gorokhovets, Vladimir Oblast, Moscow Military District from remains of the 24th Territorial Rifle Corps.
It was originally designated as the 201st Latvian Rifle Division, the first of three "national" divisions of the recently occupied Baltic states by the Soviets. The basis of the division was the 76th Independent Latvian Rifle Regiment which was in turn formed from the two Latvian volunteer battalions that participated in the retreats of the Red Army, including the defence of Tallinn. It had been established in August 1941 at Gorki (today Nizhny Novgorod) Gorokhovetz Army Camp. In addition to the much depleted 76th regiment (about 1200 troops), were added 2500 Latvian speaking members of the state militia (police) and NKVD, as well as the predominantly Latvian speaking 582nd Construction Battalion, and members of the 24th Corps which was the territorial reserve formation in Latvia which failed to form due to rapid German advance.
At this time the composition of the division included the 92nd, 122nd and 191st Rifle Regiments, 220th Artillery Regiment, 10th Independent AAA Battery, 170th Independent Signals Battalion, and other support units. By December 1941 the division had 10,348 personnel, of whom 51% were ethnic Latvians, 26% ethnic Russians, 17% Jews and 6% others. This caused some problems since most Jews spoke Yiddish only, and the Latvians published the divisional paper "Latvijas strēlnieks" ("Latvian Rifleman") in Latvian. At least 70 Jewish members of the division were members of the Zionist Beitar organisation that had been training members for travel to the then Palestine to defend Jewish settlements there before Latvia was annexed by Soviet Union.
The first combat the division experienced was during the counter-offensive at Moscow in the areas of Naro-Fominsk and Borovsk where it suffered 55% casualties. By June 1942 only 36% of the division were Latvian-speaking, and a year later this figure was reduced to 32%. However, in part this was due to the formation of a second Latvian division, the 308th Latvian Rifle Division. The division was reflagged as the 43rd Guards Rifle Division in October 1942.
The division joined in combat for Moscow (from 20 December 1941 until 20 January 1942), for Staraya Russa (from 16 February 1942 until 4 April), Demjansk bridgehead (from 6 April 1942 until 9 April 1943; see also Demyansk Shield); from 10 April 1943 until 15 October the division was in Staraya Russa region, from 18 October 1943 until 26 June 1944 in Velikiye Luki and Novorzhev region. From 26 June 1944 until 11 July the division was included with the 130th Latvian Riflemen Corps until crossing the Latvian border (22nd Army). From 18 July 1944 Šķaune region and joined combat on Latvian soil on 7 November 1944.
The division also included other Latvian citizens who were behind the Soviet front line and a large number of Russia's Latvians. Beginning strength was about 2,100 men. In September 1941 the division had about 10,000 men. The division contained the 92nd, 122nd and 191st Rifle Regiments and 220th Artillery Regiment. On 5 October 1942 it became the 43rd Latvian Guard Riflemen Division. Regiments assigned to this division were the 121st, 123rd, and 125th Guard Rifle Regiments and the 94th Guard Artillery Regiment, the 270th Artillery Battalion which was renamed to the 55th Guard Artillery Battalion, the 48th Guard Antitank Artillery Battalion, the 100th Antiaircraft Battery which was renamed to the 44th Guard Antiaircraft Battery, the 53rd Sapper Battalion which was renamed to the 47th Guard Sapper Battalion. The division was commanded by Guard Major General Jānis Veikins, Regiment Commander L. Paegle, Regiment Commander A. Frolovs, Guard Major General Detlavs Brantkalns and Alfrēds Kalniņš.
201st Rifle Division (2nd formation).
Border detachments of the People's Commissariat for Internal Affairs (the NKVD) had been resisting the Finnish advance from June 22, 1941. On September 21, 1941, the combined detachment of Border Guards, including the 3rd Border Guard Detachment, became a separate rifle brigade of the NKVD Border Troops by 23rd Army Headquarters Order No. 88. On August 14, 1942, in pursuance of the Decree of the State Defense Committee of the USSR No. 2100-ss, dated July 26, 1942, directives of the headquarters of the Leningrad Front No. 1/18949 of July 30, 1942, and the headquarters of the 23rd Army No. 001002 of August 5, 1942, the separate rifle brigade of the border troops of the NKVD guarding the rear of the Leningrad Front was transferred to the Red Army and reorganized into the 27th separate rifle brigade in accordance with "Shtat" No. 04/330 - 04/342.
The 201st Rifle Division was formed in accordance with the directive of the commander of the Leningrad Front, General of the Army L.A. Govorov No. 1/15885 of May 25, 1943. The formation of the division took place north of Leningrad in the village of Lekhtusi (, "Lehtusi") combining the 27th Independent Rifle Brigade and the 13th Brigade of the defence forces of Leningrad. Another report says the brigade was raised at Shlisselburg, near Leningrad, in November 1943 within the 23rd Army. 
It served in the Leningrad and Baltic coast areas. Aside from the usual components of the rifle division in 1943, the division also had a separate battalion equipped with snow skis, and each regiment had a snow ski equipped company to serve as advance detachments. In September the division was transferred to the 3rd Army.
The initial composition of the division included:
The division's first commander was Colonel Vyacheslav Petrovich Yakutovich.
In January 1944 the division was assigned to the 122nd Rifle Corps. The division received the title "Gatchina" for its role in breaking the siege of Leningrad and received its first Order of the Red Banner during the war. Following the relief of the siege the division incorporated several partisan detachments and groups which were used to strengthen the reconnaissance and ski equipped units. In February the division was transferred to the 117th Rifle Corps, and soon after was awarded the Order of the Red Banner for the capturing of Luga.
In June 1944 the division was serving with the 8th Army before moving to participate in the assault on Narva, for which the 191st regiment was awarded the honorific "Narvsky". On 5 August 1944 the division was transferred to the 2nd Shock Army, and participated in the battles to break the Panther Line, after which it was withdrawn for a brief reconstitution, and a movement by train to the Pskov area of operations with the rest of the army. During the further battles in the Baltic republics the 191st Rifle Regiment was awarded the Order of Alexander Nevsky for destroying the German 23rd Infantry Regiment (12th Infantry Division) and two Latvian SS battalions. In the process of these battles the 1st and 2nd Battalions of the regiment at one time were reduced to 20–30 men while the 3rd Battalion ceased to exist. In October 1944 the division participated in the Soviet re-occupation of Riga after which the division was transferred to the 1st Baltic Front and participated in the containment of the Courland encirclement of Wehrmacht forces. From March 1945 the division was in the 1st Rifle Corps of the 1st Shock Army of the Kurland Group (Leningrad Front). However, by May 1945 it had joined the 119th Rifle Corps. On 1 October 1945 the division completed its movement to Dushanbe in Tajikistan.
Cold War and post-independence.
Post-war.
Following post-war reductions, the division was reflagged as the 325th Rifle Brigade, but in 1948 was again reflagged as the 27th Mountain Rifle Division. It remained within 119th Rifle Corps through the corps' redesignation as 33rd Rifle Corps in 1955 and then 33rd Army Corps in 1957. As a mountain division, it included receiving pack mountain 75 mm guns for its artillery regiment that were of the 1905 model with their manufacturer's plate stating they were manufactured in St. Petersburg. In 1958, following post-Stalinist reforms, the division was reduced to the 451st Mountain Rifle Regiment, but in the next year it was reformed albeit as the 124th Motor Rifle Division (cadre, about fifteen per cent strong), including the 401st Tank Regiment. It reverted to the 201st Gatchina Motor Rifle Division in 1965. From 1960 the division's artillery regiment was the 998th Artillery Regiment "Starokonstantinovsky," which later became a self-propelled regiment. In the 1960s the division also received the 1098th Anti-Aircraft Missile Regiment.
The first military parade in Stalinabad took place with the participation of the 201st Rifle Division took place on 7 November 1945.
In 1968 the 33rd Army Corps moved to Kemerovo in the Siberian Military District and thus the 201st MRD joined the 17th Army Corps with its headquarters at Dushanbe.
Afghanistan.
As part of the Central Asian Military District, the division participated in the invasion of Afghanistan in December 1979, when it entered Afghanistan with the 40th Army. 
In the 191st Motor Rifle Regiment of the "framed" (reduced-strength) division at the beginning of December 1979, there were 12 (twelve) people (the regiment was held at a state “G” strength). In connection with the deployment of the regiment to Afghanistan, in January 1980, the regiment's personnel were quickly increased to 2,200 people.
It was stationed in Kunduz province. At this time the division lost the 92nd Motor Rifle Regiment, left behind in Dushanbe to become part of the replacement 134th Motor Rifle Division, and the 191st Motor Rifle Regiment, which was detached under the direct control of the 40th Army as the 191st Separate Motor Rifle Regiment, garrisoned southeast of Ghazni. The division gained the 149th Guards "Chenstokhova" Motor Rifle Regiment of the 128th Guards Motor Rifle Division and the 395th Motor Rifle Regiment of the 3rd Guards Motor Rifle Division. The division headquarters, the 220th Artillery Regiment, 149th Guards and other smaller units were stationed in Kunduz, while the 122nd MRR was based in Tashkurgan and the 395th MRR in Puli-Khumri. The tank regiment remained in Samarkand and was replaced by the 285th Tank Regiment from the 60th Tank Division.
During its service in Afghanistan the division largely coordinated its operations with the Afghan Army's 18th (Mazar-i-Sharif) and 20th (Baglan) Infantry Divisions, as well as the 10th and 31st Infantry Regiments.
In 1985, the division received a second Order of the Red Banner. The division used BMP-1 and BMP-2 infantry fighting vehicles, BTR-60 and BTR-70 armoured personnel carriers, T-62 tanks and Gvozdika 122mm self-propelled guns. The last Soviet vehicle to leave Afghanistan on 15 February 1989 was a BTR-60 from the 201st. The BTR-60 is still kept to the present day as a memorial.
Following its withdrawal, the 191st MRR was returned to the division, while it retained the 149th Guards MRR.
The Tajik Civil War.
At the time the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991, the 201st was stationed in Tajikistan. Newly independent Tajikistan fell apart in 1992 – the Tajikistan Civil War. Most of the conscripts were raised in Tajikistan and deserted while the Russian officers kept control of the division’s equipment after its subunits were reinforced with Russian spetsnaz troops. In September 1992, Russian President Yeltsin reinstated the division under firm Russian control. The CIS formed the Collective Peacekeeping Force in Tajikistan, and the 201st formed its core.
The 201st Motor Rifle Division, with the support of loyal Tajik forces, attacked Dushanbe. Russian and Tajik force entered and seized control of the city in December 1992. After the capital was recaptured, offensives were launched in Kofarnikhon and Kurgan-Tyube. Both cities fell quickly and the major concentrations of Islamist rebels were scattered. However, in 1995, Islamist insurgents assaulted one of the bases of the 201st in Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Region and ambushed a convoy near Kalashum, 200 km east of Dushanbe. The division launched a counterattack supported by ground attack aircraft and attack helicopters. On April 19, the 201st launched an offensive into Gorno-Badach and advanced 20 kilometres, forcing the Islamists out of several bases.
In 1996 the division's sapper battalion participated in border region mine clearance operations with Tajikistan forces.
In 2001 the division was deployed to the Afghanistan border in expectation of the US attack on Afghanistan, and possible attempts by the Taliban to cross the border into Tajikistan.
From 2003 onwards.
On 13 August 2003 the 201st Motor Rifle Division participated in a joint exercise with the Tajik military 10 km southwest of Dushanbe at the Lyaur testing ground.
At one point during the civil war in Tajikistan, soldiers of the 201st Motor Rifle Division safely escorted staff of the US Embassy in Dushanbe to the airport for evacuation. This marks the only time in history that Americans have officially asked for and been given protection by the Russian military.
In October 2004, it was renamed the 201st Military Base. In October 2012, it was signed an agreement extending the term of deployment of the Russian military base in Tajikistan until 2042. Within the planned rearmament, about 100 units of new equipment, mostly the BTR-82A armored personnel carriers, as well as more than 10 T-72B1 tanks, have been delivered to the 201st Military Base in 2016, as well as a Borisoglebsk-2 EW system and a Garmony air defence radar plus Silok anti-drone EW complexes delivered in 2018. A battalion of unmanned aviation armed with Orlan-10 drones was formed in 2019. A first-ever divisional set of the air defense system S-300PS has entered combat duty at the Russian 201st military base in Tajikistan, the Central Military District’s press-service told TASS on Saturday, 26 October 2019. 14 vehicles, including 8 modernized BMP-2Ms IFVs, were delivered in March 2020 and two Mi-8MTV5-1 combat transport helicopters in September 2020. 20 Verba MANPADS were delivered in June 2021 and 17 BMP-2Ms in the next August. The base furthermore received the Kalashnikov AK-12 assault rifles and Yarygin handguns to replace Makarov pistols, ASVK-M large-caliber army sniper rifles, long-range flamethrowers and a batch of Kornet anti-tank missiles as of August 2021. NSV Utes heavy machine guns entered service with the base in September 2021 and Aistenok reconnaissance and fire control systems in November. 30 modernized T-72B3M tanks entered service in December 2021 and 12 communications vehicles in early 2022.
On September 14, 2022, Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty reported amidst heavy fighting and Russian casualties during the invasion of Ukraine, that 1,500 troops from the unit were deployed to Ukraine as well as up to 600 more would be deployed from there and other Russian units in Bokhtar. The base's chief media officer, Vasily Makhovoy, would neither confirm, nor deny the claim. Reportedly, soldiers on base and local civilians noticed the drop in presence from the unit's personnel, further indicating this claim.
Subordinated units and fighting strength.
201st Motor Rifle Division (base)
Total strength.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="6984374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984374" title="List of threatened flora of Australia">
List of threatened flora of Australia

The list of threatened plants of Australia Queensland includes all plant species listed as critically endangered or endangered in Australia under the "Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999" (EPBC Act).

</doc>
<doc id="6984392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984392" title="CyberThrill">
CyberThrill

CyberThrill was one of the first online casinos. It gained notoriety for being one of the largest organised international sponsorship and gambling frauds through its ad serving program. Formed in 1997 and located in Nassau, Bahamas, the company was represented by the Canadian firm Internet Entertainment Enterprises, Inc. (based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) which also handled the casino's marketing and banner advertising program.
The online casino was eventually taken offline some time in late 2000-early 2001 by disgruntled webmasters who had fallen victim to the scam. The former location of cyberThrill was CyberThrill.com, which is today an Ad driven parked domain.
History.
1997–2000: Ad program.
As one of the foremost methods of website revenue in the late 1990s, website owners used to enroll in CyberThrill's ad serving program to display banners on their websites, similar to the contemporary AdSense program (by Google). CyberThrill ran the program to exclusively send gamblers to the casino website. The program itself was administered on a per-click basis.
The reason behind CyberThrill's popularity were claims of above-average $0.20 per click-through. Many webmasters joined the program and brought traffic to the online casino, but very few got paid. CyberThrill occasionally would send out a small, first check ($5 or $10) to 'show' legitimacy to the program. However, once the user's account reached in excess of $50 to $100, the casino would withhold payment or simply terminated the contract with the webmaster, on claims that CyberThrill's terms were breached.
Though click fraud was rampant (as has been the case with AdSense and other ad serving programs), many webmasters nonetheless earned their clicks fairly, but were still cheated by the casino.
2000–2001: Demise.
The online casino was eventually destroyed some time in late 2000-early 2001 in an attack by webmasters who were scammed by the program. MungaBunga, owner of Hackology.co, created a JavaScript program that registered millions of fake accounts into the CyberThrill database, overloaded the company's servers and prevented new members from registering. Other cheated webmasters participated in the attack.

</doc>
<doc id="6984403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984403" title="MedTV">
MedTV



</doc>
<doc id="6984407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984407" title="The Allegory of the Cave">
The Allegory of the Cave



</doc>
<doc id="6984411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984411" title="Mausimaa Temple">
Mausimaa Temple

Mausimaa Temple is an ancient shrine located in Kulada, a village also contains the Bagh Devi temple, in Ganjam District of Odisha, India. It is about 8 km from Bhanjanagar.
The presiding deity of the temple is Ardhasini, maternal aunt (or Mausi Maa) of Jagannath.
The temple celebrates its festival during the Ratha Yatra held in the Jagannath Temple (Puri). During the rainy season (Asadha Masa), typically in June or July, the deities Jagannath, Balabhadra, and Subhadra are brought out from Jagannath Temple and carried on chariots to Mausimaa Temple via the main high street in Puri.
Upper Bagh Devi Temple and Ratneswar Mahadev temple are shrines nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="6984417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984417" title="St. Luke's School (Manhattan)">
St. Luke's School (Manhattan)

St. Luke's School is a coeducational elementary and middle school which is divided into a Lower School (Grades JK-4) and an Upper School (Grades 5–8). It is located on the block of The Church of St. Luke in the Fields in the West Village at 487 Hudson Street, Manhattan.
In 2020, the school completed an expansion, during which the school grew from a one-class-per-grade model to two classes per grade. Total enrollment for 2021-2022 is 340, which includes one class of Junior Kindergarten and two classes of Kindergarten through Grade 8. Class sizes range from 18 to 20. The student-teacher ratio is 7:1.
Bart Baldwin served as Head of School from 2007 to 2023. His successor, Tracy Fedonchik, was named in January 2023. The current Upper School Head is Amy Francisco, and the current Lower School Head is Karina Otoya-Knapp. The current Chief Officer of Admissions and Enrollment is Susan Harriot.
History.
Today's St. Luke's School is really the fourth school on its current grounds.  Three times over the years, the Church of St. Luke in the Fields established parish day schools, but the constantly changing neighborhoods made it difficult to sustain them.
As World War II ended and young middle-class families moved into the West Village, St. Luke's responded to the community's need for a school. With the help of Trinity Church, St. Luke's School opened its doors on September 24, 1945, with 19 children and two teachers in classrooms in the Parish House. The school operated as a division of the church until it achieved independence in 2012. In 2020, St. Luke's School fully expanded its student body after a decade of growth. In fall 2022, the school opened its brand new rooftop play field and learning space.
Past heads of school have included Katharine Taylor, Barbara Belknap (sister of Robert L. Belknap), Katherine Johnson (interim), Jessie-Lea Hayes, and Ann Mellow. Robert Snyder was a teacher at the school between 1973 and 2011. Freyda Rapp was a physical education teacher from 1985 to 2012. An influential past librarian was Grace Sawyer, after whom the current library is named.

</doc>
<doc id="6984418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984418" title="Nova Scotia Teachers College">
Nova Scotia Teachers College

The Nova Scotia Teachers College (NSTC) was a normal school located in the Canadian town of Truro, Nova Scotia.
History.
The Nova Scotia Teachers College was founded as the Provincial Normal School by an act of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly, which received royal assent on March 31, 1854. At its official opening on the "civic square" bordering Prince Street, Forrester Street, Victoria Street, and Young Street, immediately northwest of Truro's downtown core on November 14, 1855, its first principal, Alexander Forrester, described the normal school's objective to be "the training or the qualifying of Teachers for the better and more efficient discharge of the duties of their important office."
In 1857 a model school was opened to provide facilities for teaching practice. In 1878 the original normal school building was replaced, and in 1900 a science building was added to the campus.
In 1909 the name of the Provincial Normal School was changed to the Provincial Normal College; this was changed again in 1951 to the Nova Scotia Normal College, a designation that was retained until 1961. Throughout the years the institution broadened its training and improved the qualifications of its graduates. In 1932 junior matriculation (grade 11) became the minimum entrance requirement, and in 1961 the one-year program was superseded by a two-year program of teacher education beyond Nova Scotia grade 12.
In 1961 the institution was renamed the Nova Scotia Teachers College and moved to a new campus constructed in the town's west end, bordering Arthur Street and Kaulback Street. This campus consisted of an academic building named Forrester Hall, a library and administration building named McCarthy Hall, a sports and recreation centre which was expanded in 1967 with the construction of the Truro Centennial Pool, a residence/dormitory named Davis Hall and a dining facility / cafeteria named Soloan Hall; all named buildings honoured the institution's founders.
From 1972-1989, NSTC offered a three-year integrated program that was originally established on an optional basis, that became the college's basic non-degree program. Graduates from this program were conferred a diploma with the academic title of "Associate in Education of the Nova Scotia Teachers College".
In 1981 an agreement was reached with all Nova Scotia universities offering pre-service teacher education, to offer a joint degree to students completing the AEd (NSTC). The program consisted of five full courses, or thirty semester hours, at the institution of the student's choice and led to the awarding of the Bachelor of Education (BEd) degree jointly by the consenting university and the Nova Scotia Teachers College.
In 1989 the Nova Scotia Teachers College was granted degree-granting status by the Nova Scotia government and the college entered into an affiliation agreement with Mount Saint Vincent University in Halifax which saw NSTC grant a Bachelor of Education degree. The BEd degrees were granted in the name of both institutions to students who successfully completed the four-year NSTC program of studies and read "Nova Scotia Teachers College in association with Mount Saint Vincent University." This became the basic teacher education program of NSTC until the institution's closure.
Closure.
In 1994 the NSTC community and its many supporters were shocked by the provincial government's decision to consolidate all education programs offered by Nova Scotian universities. Programs at NSTC, as well as UCCB (now CBU), Dalhousie, and Saint Mary's were identified for closure, with BEd degrees to be offered in Nova Scotia only at St. Francis Xavier, Acadia, Mount St. Vincent, and Sainte-Anne.
In 1997 the last class graduated from the Nova Scotia Teachers College and the Arthur Street campus constructed in 1961 was turned over to the Nova Scotia Community College, becoming their Truro campus.
Legacy.
On 21 February 1994 Canada Post issued 'Provincial Normal School, Truro' designed by Raymond Bellemare. The stamp features an image of the Provincial Normal School, an example of the Second Empire style of architecture, which was opened on November 6, 1878. The $2 stamps are perforated 13.5 and were printed by Leigh-Mardon Pty Limited &amp; Canadian Bank Note Company, Limited.
The building was designated Truro Old Normal College National Historic Site by the federal government, on October 4, 2018.
Restoration of historic Provincial Normal College.
In September 2008 the actress (and later MLA) Lenore Zann announced a community-led plan to restore the Provincial Normal College building constructed in 1878 on the "civic square" in downtown Truro as an arts and culture centre with possible affiliation with the Nova Scotia Community College. In 2010 the Town of Truro was also reportedly examining the old Provincial Normal College building for restoration as the town's new library.

</doc>
<doc id="6984437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984437" title="Mr Men and Little Miss">
Mr Men and Little Miss



</doc>
<doc id="6984439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984439" title="K rock">
K rock



</doc>
<doc id="6984440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984440" title="Galesi-Brescia">
Galesi-Brescia

Galesi Arms was an Italian gun manufacturer formally named "Industria Armi Galesi" which was founded in 1910. It was based in Collebeato, on the northern outskirts of Brescia.
History.
The company was founded by Galesi Giuseppe Nicola, and was initially named Galesi F.lli, (Galesi Brothers), though it later became known as Armi Galesi (AG) or Industria Armi Galesi (IAG). The company manufactured patented automatic pistols, rifles and revolvers, but was most well-known for their small semi-automatics. They began to produce their pistols in 1914, following Italy's entry into World War I. Galesi Arms moved production from Trento to Collebeato, located in Brescia, beginning in the year 1921. In 1924, it had 25 workmen and a hydro-electric machine that had the power of 25 to 30 horses. The majority of their pistols were manufactured from 1960 to 1970, and the company went out of business in the 1970’s due to the law preventing the import of their pistols to the United States which was by far their biggest consumer, though similar pistols were produced by the company "Rigarmi", which was opened by Guerrino, one of the sons of the company's founder. Rigarmi is still in operation today.
Products.
The first design was a 6.35mm blow-back design based on the Browning 1906. This was the Brevetto 5 (Italian for "Model" or "Patent" number 5). Galesi Arms would continue to do more designs including the Brevetto 9 (a longer version of the Brevetto 5) and the 500 series, which included 14 designs ranging from Brevetto 503 to Brevetto 517. These were various other small, semi-auto blowback pistols in calibers varying from .22 Short, .22 Long, .22 LR, .25 ACP and .32 ACP. These sell for $400-$850 depending on condition and model, with .22 LR being the most rare and valuable. These firearms have been increasing in both popularity as well as the value because of their exceptional quality and impressive accuracy as a result of a fixed barrel. These pistols have not been made since the 1970’s meaning they will only become harder to find as time goes on.

</doc>
<doc id="6984443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984443" title="Sam Salter">
Sam Salter

Samuel Salter (February 16, 1975 – August 27, 2021) was an American R&amp;B singer.
Career.
Beginnings, LaFace Records and "It's On Tonight".
Growing up as the second of seven children, Salter sang gospel music at Faithful Church of God in Christ in Los Angeles and won several local talent shows, with his vocal style that was influenced by Marvin Gaye and Stevie Wonder. In 1997, after his demo tape found its way into the hands of L.A. Reid of LaFace Records, he signed him to the label quickly and Salter began to work on his debut album with Kenneth "Babyface" Edmonds. He ended up working with Tricky Stewart and Laney Stewart who produced the majority of the album, as well as Tony Rich, Robin Thicke and Gordon Chambers. The set's first single "After 12, Before 6" was released in early 1997 and became a Top 20 R&amp;B hit, while a remixed version of the song received popular airplay on radio and BET. His debut album "It's On Tonight" was released on September 23, 1997, and garnered positive reviews. The following year, he appeared on the NFL Jams compilation with the track "Call Me" featuring Tamar Braxton, Scott Galbraith and Nicci Gilbert. Additionally, a second single from his album, the ballad "There You Are" was released and hit the Top 40 on R&amp;B. Around this time, he continued to work on his songwriting, with songs for 98 Degrees, Aaron Skyy, and Kandi Burruss' solo debut. His debut yielded one more single, the title track in 1998.
"The Little Black Book" and label issues.
In 1999, Salter began prepping for his sophomore album with LaFace Records. The album's lead single "Once My Sh.. (Always My Sh..)" was released and featured a steamy music video, but the song received moderate airplay. He completed work on the album, titled "The Little Black Book" and set for release in 2000, but it was shelved due to label shuffling and other issues. Despite the outcome, a few of the songs ended up being recorded by other artists such as Boyz II Men (who recorded "Color Of Love" which became the lead single to their 2002 album "Full Circle") and Sisqó (who recorded "Incomplete" for his debut album and became a #1 hit, as well as "Homewrecker" which appeared on his sophomore album).
Behind the scenes, independent and "Strictly 4 The Bedroom".
In the following years, he left LaFace Records and continued writing for other artists such as Jesse Powell, Jersey Ave., B2K, B5, The Isley Brothers and Tyrese, while also becoming a music engineer (working with J. Holiday on his hit album "Back of My Lac"), as well as Klé, and Deborah Cox (on her 2008 album "The Promise").
He collaborated with the group Talking Book on their single "On a September Morn" that was released in 2005. In 2006, he made his stage play debut in Palmer Williams Jr.'s "What a Man Wants, What a Woman Needs" starring Shirley Murdock.
Additionally, he begin working on his third studio album "Strictly 4 The Bedroom" which he had hoped to release in 2008. A few songs premiered on his official MySpace page, including the title track, but the album was shelved. He had appeared in another stage play in 2009 by Donald Gray called "There's a Stranger in My House" starring Vivica A. Fox.
Further producing and songwriting continued with songs for El DeBarge and Charlie Wilson in 2010, as well as a feature on Klé's single "Get It".
Salter's next single "Straight 2 Heaven" was released independently in that same year. He signed with Elemental Entertainment INC, and release two digital singles "Got Me" (also in 2010) and 
"To Be Loved" (in 2011).
In 2013, he collaborated with Rayviss on a single titled "Mayday" as well as a song titled "All I Want is You" which would both be included on Rayviss' EP "The Rayviss" in 2016. In early 2016, Salter signed with artist management company Flight Club Entertainment and appeared on the 2017 single "Bye Bunny (She's Gone)" by JEDI. He'd work on K. Michelle's 2016 album "More Issues Than Vogue" as well as Chantelle Barry's "Lovers Gonna Love" in 2018.
In 2019, he was featured on the Solé single "Under the Veil" with Shae Jones, for her album "Encoded". Another collaboration "Down There" with Rich Moolah and Andiel was released in October 2020. His sophomore album "Little Black Book" got a partial release on streaming services, with four of the album tracks being released via R&amp;B compilations by DJ Deepkut.
Death.
On August 27, 2021, Salter died at the age of 46. 

</doc>
<doc id="6984445" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984445" title="Delaware (band)">
Delaware (band)

Delaware is a Norwegian indie/alternative rock band from Drammen.
History.
Early history: Beginnings as Beyond.
Delaware started out in 1994 in Drammen, Norway as Beyond, a punk/hardcore band who later developed a more pop/melancholic rock sound. Their original line-up consisted of Jon Fredrik "Joffe" Torgersen on vocals, Jørgen Nøvik on drums, Ronny Andreassen on bass, Erik Lauritzen on guitars and Kyrre Bekkelund on guitars. A year later, inspired by British “indie” rock from the 90s, the band began recording their first demo, "Icons", while Richard Holmsen and Petter Laugerud replaced Lauritzen, shortly after Nøvik had moved on from the band to become a professional snowboarder and start his own music and art projects. Eager to get their music heard, Beyond self-released their debut and sold it in local shops and concerts. Their underground fan base began to grow.
In 1998, Beyond recorded their follow-up, "Polyphonic", which they believed could be their major breakthrough. Before it could be released, a problem arose and the band had an important decision to make. Kyrre decided to leave the band to dedicate his time to his schooling. Feeling that they could not continue without him, Beyond disbanded and "Polyphonic" was scrapped.
The ex-members of "Beyond" decided to record another demo under the name of Delaware without Kyrre. The idea was to simplify the music – become a pop band and say in three minutes what "Beyond" said in seven. The band quickly earned recognition through major radio stations and websites in Norway.
2001 - 2006.
In 2001, Delaware was signed to Sony Columbia in Germany, who released the band’s debut album, "...And Everything Reminds Me", in 2003. However, prior to its release, Ronny Andreassen left the band and was replaced by Morten Ødegaard Skaret. Quickly reaching critical acclaim in Germany and Norway, the band toured Europe both as a headliner and as a support act. Not happy with the way Sony Germany promoted the album, Delaware left Sony in search of another label. Sadly this happened at the time the album was to be released on Sony Norway and the branch pulled the plug on its promotion.
Since 2006.
Shortly after leaving the major, Delaware found their new home with the label Strangeways, also in Germany. While recording their second album, the band decided to use their rehearsal space in Drammen and only record the drums in a proper studio. This went against their method for the first album, in which they strived for perfection. "Lost in the Beauty of Innocence" would prove to be a much more ‘real’ sounding album through the way in which they approached the recording process and the fact that they deliberately kept the errors in the takes. Delaware called upon longtime fan Alex Møklebust to produce the album.
After hearing a demo of the new album, Metropolis Records decided to sign the band for North America. Both Strangeways and Metropolis released "Lost in the Beauty of Innocence" in 2006.
 Delaware was writing songs for their third album.
Discography.
Produced by Alex Møklebust and partly recorded in the band's rehearsal room, two singles from "Lost in the Beauty of Innocence" were released from the album, "Wish for" and "The Fourteenth".
The band's name.
Delaware is named after the American state Delaware, but the band originally chose the name from an album by the band Drop Nineteens called "Delaware".

</doc>
<doc id="6984446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984446" title="The In-Kraut, Vol 1.">
The In-Kraut, Vol 1.

The In-Kraut: Hip Shaking Grooves Made in Germany 1966-1974 is the first volume in The In-Kraut series released by Marina Records on compact disc and double vinyl in 2005.
The album is a collection of obscuro German pop rarities, collected from various soundtracks and singles by artists who never intended to have their music released outside Germany. It was followed by The In-Kraut, Vol. 2 in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="6984452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984452" title="Sea of Fertility tetralogy">
Sea of Fertility tetralogy



</doc>
<doc id="6984454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984454" title="Chinese-Eastern Railway">
Chinese-Eastern Railway



</doc>
<doc id="6984457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984457" title="Delaware rock band">
Delaware rock band



</doc>
<doc id="6984458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984458" title="Hillclimbing in the British Isles">
Hillclimbing in the British Isles

Hillclimbing in Great Britain differs from the style of hillclimb motorsport events staged in many other parts of the world, in that courses are generally short — mostly under one mile (1.6 km) in length — and this means that cars and drivers do not generally cross between British events and the longer hillclimbs found in many other parts of Europe.
In the United Kingdom, hillclimbing is considered a spectator sport, and the most prestigious events, such as those that form part of the British Hill Climb Championship, often attract several thousand enthusiasts to the hills. All the courses in Great Britain are situated on private land, but some events in the Channel Islands and all events in Northern Ireland are held on closed public roads. Track lengths are traditionally quoted in yards: the longest hillclimb course in the UK is Cairncastle at 2904 yards (2655 m) and one of the shortest is Val des Terres at 850 yards (777 m). 
The Scottish championship has long been associated with names like Grampian TV and Guyson. Doune and Fintray continue to be included in the championship along with newer venue Forrestburn. Two other venues, Rumster and Kinkell are no longer in use. A notable feature of British and Irish hillclimbing is the very wide variety of vehicles used for competition. Both cars and motorcycles (including sidecars) take part in the sport, and in the case of cars these range from almost standard machines (sometimes driven to and from the tracks) with the only modifications being those required on grounds of safety, right through to specially-built single-seater racing cars. Classic and vintage cars are also very popular in hillclimbing. Generally there are separate meetings for cars and bikes, but occasionally both appear at the same event.
In Great Britain, there is a system of classes which groups cars into broadly similar categories. For example, the classes for "Racing Cars" (i.e. single-seaters) are divided into those for cars with engine capacities of under 600cc, 600–1100 cc, 1100–1600 cc, 1600–2000 cc and over 2000 cc. The cars in the unlimited capacity class often use engines from, or derived from, Formula One cars, and occasionally F1 cars themselves have competed. Motorcycles are generally classified by engine capacity, though separate classes exist for trikes and sidecar outfits. Drivers entered for the British Hill Climb Championship may qualify for a "run-off" at the end of each set of class runs, and it is here that BHCC or NHCA championship points are scored.
It is common for two drivers, often but not always related, to share the same vehicle at a hillclimb. Such entries are known as "dual-driven" (or, occasionally, "double-driven") cars or bikes. Usually drivers considered the slower in such partnerships will make the climb first, before the bulk of the class for which they have been entered. This therefore allows their companions to make their ascent within the same time frame as the competitors, to ensure similar track conditions. Other than this, there is no special consideration for drivers in dual-driven cars, and both drivers count their results (and, if appropriate, score points) individually.
Hills used in the National (Motorcycle) Hill Climb Championship.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="6984460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984460" title="Joseph Badeaux">
Joseph Badeaux

Joseph Badeaux (25 September 1777 – 12 September 1835) was the son of Jean-Baptiste Badeaux and, in 1792, he began articling to become a notary. His clerkship was with his brother Antoine-Isidore, who, like their father, was of the notarial profession. He was commissioned to practise in 1798. His practice quickly became successful and Joseph rose to prominence in his home town of Trois-Rivières and also rose through the militia. He was a captain during the War of 1812 and reached the rank of major in 1822.
He was also active in politics and served a number of terms as a member of the Lower Canada House of Assembly starting in 1808.
His second wife, Geneviève, was the daughter of judge Michel-Amable Berthelot Dartigny.

</doc>
<doc id="6984463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984463" title="Experimental tourism">
Experimental tourism



</doc>
<doc id="6984464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984464" title="Tyrone Garner">
Tyrone Garner

Tyrone Garner (born July 27, 1978) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. He played 3 games in the National Hockey League with the Calgary Flames during the 1998–99 season. The rest of his career, which lasted from 1999 to 2007, was mainly spent in the minor leagues. He was drafted by the New York Islanders in the fourth round, 83rd overall in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career.
Juniors.
Garner played three National Hockey League games in his career, for the Calgary Flames in 1998–99 as an emergency call-up from his junior team, the Oshawa Generals. He posted a 0–2–0 record with a 5.18 GAA before being returned to the Generals, where he was named to the Ontario Hockey League's second All-Star Team in 1999.
Professional.
Garner spent most of his North American career in the ECHL before moving to play in Europe in 2003. He was named the co-winner of the ECHL's playoff Most Valuable Player award in 2002 while a member of the Greenville Grrrowl.
While playing in Norway during the 2005–06 season, Garner suffered a horrible groin injury that ripped the muscles from the bone. Doctors told him that under no circumstances could Garner play as a goaltender for at least one year. So he skated as a forward with the Southern Professional Hockey League's Jacksonville Barracudas, where he scored 12 goals and 22 points in 47 games. He remained with the Barracudas during the 2007-08 SPHL season, where he scored 12 goals and 27 points in 41 games.
Garner also played as a forward with the Brantford Blast of Major League Hockey during the 2008–09 season, where he scored 11 points in 13 games.

</doc>
<doc id="6984468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984468" title="Pasta salad">
Pasta salad

Pasta salad, known in Italian as ' or ', is a dish prepared with one or more types of pasta, almost always chilled or room temperature, and most often tossed in a vinegar, oil or mayonnaise-based dressing. It is typically served as an appetiser (antipasto) or first course ().
Origin.
There are various theories about the origin of pasta salad. Claudia Roden claims that Italian Jews prepared it centuries before other Italians because Jewish law prohibits cooking on the sabbath.
Ingredients.
The ingredients used vary widely by region, restaurant, seasonal availability, and personal preferences. The dish can be as simple as cold macaroni mixed with mayonnaise (macaroni salad), or as elaborate as several pastas tossed together with a vinaigrette and a variety of fresh, preserved or cooked ingredients. These can include vegetables, legumes, cheeses, nuts, herbs, spices, meats, poultry, or seafood.

</doc>
<doc id="6984471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984471" title="Cyber Thrill">
Cyber Thrill



</doc>
<doc id="6984485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984485" title="In cavetto">
In cavetto



</doc>
<doc id="6984491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984491" title="CFSR-FM">
CFSR-FM



</doc>
<doc id="6984497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984497" title="Sam salter">
Sam salter



</doc>
<doc id="6984506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984506" title="Connecticut Route 152">
Connecticut Route 152

Route 152 is a state highway in Connecticut running entirely within the town of Orange. It serves to connect the town center with U.S. Route 1 (US 1) and Route 34.
Route description.
Route 152 begins at an intersection with US 1 (Boston Post Road) in Orange and heads generally north. It passes by the town center where the town hall, congregational church, and library are located about halfway along its journey. About north of the town center, it intersects with Old Grassy Hill Road, which is signed as a shortcut for the Wilbur Cross Parkway (Route 15). The road then curves to the right at a five-way intersection controlled by an all-way stop. After crossing Race Brook, Route 152 intersects with Lambert Road, which is a parallel route leading straight to Interstate 95 (I-95) several miles to the south. Route 152 ends later at an intersection with Route 34 (Derby Turnpike). The road continues across Route 34 as a local road that connects with Route 114 in northern Orange. The entire length of Route 152 is known as Orange Center Road. Route 152 is a minor arterial road and carries average daily traffic volumes of up to 11,400 between Old Grassy Hill Road and the town center.
History.
In the 1920s, the road between Route 34 and Route 1 through Orange center was a secondary state highway known as Highway 322. It differed slightly from modern Route 152 on its north end. Old Highway 322 instead used Mapledale Road (one of the branches of the five-way intersection) to reach Route 34. Route 152 was created in the 1932 state highway renumbering from old Highway 322. The northern end was shifted to its modern alignment in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="6984509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984509" title="Shadow Hearts (video game)">
Shadow Hearts (video game)

 is a role-playing video game developed by Sacnoth for the PlayStation 2. Published in Japan by Aruze in 2001, it was published internationally by Midway Games in the same year (North America) and 2002 (Europe). The titular first game in the "Shadow Hearts" series, it acts as a sequel to the 1999 video game "Koudelka", being set in the same world and featuring recurring characters.
The story of "Shadow Hearts" is set in 1913 and follows Yuri Hyuga, a human with the ability to capture and transform into monsters, as he protects Alice Elliot from the machinations of an evil magician. During gameplay, the player controls Yuri as he explores various locations. During battle, a party of up to three characters can be controlled, with actions in battle relying on a timing-based system dubbed the Judgement Ring. The game's worldview combines alternate history with elements of Lovecraftian horror.
Development began following the completion of "Koudelka" in 1999. "Koudelka" art director Matsuzo Machida acted as director and wrote the game's scenario, inspired by the works of H. P. Lovecraft and the manga "Devilman" by Go Nagai. The Judgement Ring drew inspiration from fighting game mechanics and Aruze's pachinko machines. Composer Yoshitaka Hirota combined multiple genres and described the score as "beautiful yet destructive". Upon release, the game met with low sales and a mixed critical reception. Journalists praised the story and Judgement Ring mechanic, but many found faults with the gameplay balance and criticised the graphics. A sequel, "", was released in 2004.
Gameplay.
"Shadow Hearts" is a role-playing video game (RPG) where players take control of main protagonist Yuri Hyuga and a party of companions as they progress through a linear storyline. The players travel through a variety of pre-rendered environments, collecting and buying items and equipment, talking to non-playable characters who act as quests givers and merchants, and completing both story-centered quests and side quests.
The game's turn-based battles are triggered through random encounters and transport the party to a themed battle arena. The party can use standard attacks, magical abilities unique to each character, use items that have different effects (healing, curing status ailments), defend against attacks, or escape from battle. Each character has hit points (health), skill points (magic), and sanity points (SP). SP ordinarily decrease once per turn, and when a character runs out of SP they go berserk and cannot be controlled by the player. Successfully completing each battle rewards experience points which raise character attributes, money to purchase equipment and items, and Soul Energy used in Fusion.
Fusion is a skill unique to Yuri. When enough Soul Energy has been collected, Yuri can fight a monster type in the Graveyard, a metaphysical realm within his soul. By defeating a monster in the Graveyard, Yuri gains control over it, and is able to transform into it during battle. While in Fusion form, Yuri has access to the assigned monster's statistics and abilities. Performing a Fusion drains Yuri of some SP. As he gathers Soul Energy, Yuri also accumulates an energy called Malice, which will eventually summon a powerful enemy if it is not dispelled by battling an avatar of Malice in the Graveyard.
An integral part of gameplay is the Judgement Ring, which is used both in battle and during environmental quick-time events and shopping. Represented as a disc with colored areas on its surface, the player's aim is to hit those areas as a pointer passes over them. In battle, every attack and ability is tied to the Judgement Ring. If the player fails to hit an area, the attack can either be cut short or cancelled altogether. The final portion of each target area is red, and if the player hits it the attack or skill is boosted in power. Items, spells and equipment can modify the Judgement Ring, ranging from slowing the pointer's speed and adjusting the size of hit areas, to shrinking the ring or hiding hit areas.
Synopsis.
Setting and characters.
"Shadow Hearts" is set in an alternate reality, taking place during 1913 and 1914 and mingling historical events and people with supernatural elements including divine beings and cosmic horror. The story takes place across China and Europe, with particular locations including Shanghai and London. A separate supernatural location is the Graveyard, a realm in protagonist Yuri Hyuga's soul tied to his abilities. The narrative of "Shadow Hearts" connects to the events of "Koudelka", taking place after the latter's "Bad" ending.
The leads of "Shadow Hearts" are Yuri Hyuga, a Harmonixer capable of absorbing the souls of monsters and shapeshifting into them; and Alice Elliot, a young exorcist who helped her father banish harmful spirits. On their journey, they are joined by the sage Zhuzhen Liu, an expert in the magic of Yin and yang; Margarete Gertrude Zelle, an infamous spy and bomb expert; Keith Valentine, a centuries-old vampire who isolates himself from the outside world; and Halley Brancket, a street urchin and gang leader from London who possesses powerful magical abilities.
The main antagonist is initially introduced as "Roger Bacon"; his true identity is Albert Simon, a former Cardinal who achieved immortality and wields dark powers. The secondary antagonist is Dehuai, a powerful sorcerer obsessed with obtaining power over a dark god. Yuri's party are pursued by Japanese Army Lieutenant Colonel Yoshiko Kawashima and her subordinate Kato. Returning characters from "Koudelka" include its titular protagonist Koudelka Iasant, a gypsy medium and mother of Halley; and the true Roger Bacon, a 12th-century philosopher who achieved imperfect immortality.
Plot.
Following her father's murder, Alice is forced to accompany a Japanese escort to Shanghai. While on the train, Alice's escort is slaughtered by Albert Simon, who uses the name "Roger Bacon". Alice is saved by Yuri, who accompanies her due to the voice in his head and the two are joined by Zhuzhen and Margarete. During their journey to Shanghai, they are hunted by the Japanese army and Dehuai, who each want to control both China and the powerful Alice. Albert works in the background, furthering his own agenda. Yuri is secretly aided by Kawashima and Kato, who initially serve Japan but later secretly side with the group. Shortly after their arrival in Shanghai, Alice is kidnapped by Dehuai, who intends to use her powers in a forbidden summoning ritual which will destroy the Japanese occupying China and give him dominance over Eurasia.
The group storms Dehuai's base with help from Kawashima and Kato, an act for which Kawashima is later killed. The group defeats Dehuai, but Albert prevents them from halting the summoning, which brings an apocalyptic being called the Seraphic Radiance. Yuri attempts to Fuse with the Seraphic Radiance, but is consumed by its energy and goes berserk, starting a massive fire in the city. Six months later, the group is still searching for Yuri, who is eventually revealed to be in Keith Valentine's castle. As Yuri had been driven insane by the Seraphic Radiance, Alice goes into his soul to save him; this links her to Yuri's Malice and means the Graveyard will eventually claim her life. Alice then helps Yuri reconcile his fears of his heritage, and the two form a romantic attachment. Keith opts to join the group, and Margarete finds a lead to Albert's location in London. They run into Halley, whose mother Koudelka—the voice in Yuri's mind—is being tortured by Albert in an attempt to use her powers to fulfil his plans after Alice escaped.
The group attempt a rescue, but Albert incapacitates them. To save her son, Koudelka allows Albert to take her, revealing his true identity to the group before they leave. Pursuing them to Nemeton Monastery in Wales, the group meet the real Roger Bacon. Bacon reveals Simon's past as an idealistic disciple who was condemned and imprisoned by the Church for his progressive views; taking the name "Bacon" to spite his former master, Albert seeks to remake the world by summoning an extraterrestrial deity. To summon the deity, Albert needed the powers of either Alice or Koudelka to activate the Float, a stronghold built by a pre-human civilization which acts as a beacon for the deity. Cornering Albert, the group fail to prevent him raising the Float. They are teleported aboard the Float by Bacon, first defeating Albert, then being transported by the dying Albert to defeat the deity before it can reach Earth.
Following the deity's defeat, the group go their separate ways; Zhuzhen returns to China, Keith to his castle, Margarete takes on a new assignment, and Halley and Koudelka go to find his father in America. Alice's fate varies depending on the player's actions following Yuri's return. In the "Good" ending, unlocked by completing a specific side quest before the final battle, Yuri helps Alice defeat the Graveyard's ruling spirit Atman and saves her soul, allowing them to return together to her family in France. In the "Bad" ending, Alice's life is claimed by Atman and she dies as she travels with Yuri to France. Both endings conclude with a narration of the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria, heralding the opening of World War I.
Development.
"Shadow Hearts" began development at Sacnoth for the PlayStation 2 (PS2) following the completion of "Koudelka" for the PlayStation in 1999. The game was directed and written by Matsuzo Machida (credited as Matsuzo Itakura), who had acted as art director for "Koudelka". The producer was Sacnoth CEO Jun Mihara. The characters were designed by Miyako Kato. The concept behind "Shadow Hearts" was to create a grand RPG outside the typical fantasy worlds of the genre. According to Kazuo Okada, president and CEO of publisher Aruze, the game was intended to revive the RPG genre. Sacnoth had set out to create a good game more than make a profit. The Judgement Ring was inspired by the button combinations of beat 'em ups, although that genre's complex combinations were replaced by timed presses of a single button. Another source of inspiration was Aruze's pachinko machines. The Fusion system was created after the game's monsters had been designed. Itakura wanted to make more use of them, and designed the Fusion system to make use of the models and distinguish the game further from other RPGs.
For his writing, Machida was influenced by mangaka Go Nagai and screenwriter Keisuke Fujikawa, in addition to unspecified bedtime stories told to him by his mother. The game's scenario was inspired directly by Nagai's manga "Devilman", which impressed Machida in his youth due to its dark tone. Similar to the ambiguous tone of "Devilman", Machida did not want the scenario's characters to be clearly divided between good and evil, with the villains having understandable or even laudable motives behind their actions. The historic setting was influenced by Machida's love of history and his wish to create a game set apart from the traditional Western fantasy dominating the genre. He spent a long time researching the historic political situations during the game's time period so he could be as authentic as possible, using NPCs to convey the social conditions of the time. Due to time constraints, several planned inclusions ranging from political figures to famous writers had to be dropped. The title "Shadow Hearts" represented the darker aspects of humans often ignored in fiction but useful in accomplishing real-life tasks.
Yuri was directly inspired by "Devilman" protagonist Akira Fudo, and was meant to contrast with the standard JRPG protagonist of the time; he struck a balance between the androgynous norm of Japan and the more muscular builds found in Western games, and his silly and sometimes stupid attitude both represented his purity and set his personality apart from other genre protagonists. A key scene used by Machida to demonstrate his abnormal elements was the opening movie, where Yuri has his arm severed then reattaches it. Simons was modelled on the character of Hannibal Lecter as portrayed in the movie "The Silence of the Lambs". Kato's character designs were guided by Machida's scenario draft. Her design direction for Simons was "an elegant English gentleman".
The CGI cutscenes were created by Digital Media Lab. For character models, the team created two types; a high detail version for CGI cutscenes and a low detail version for gameplay and real-time cutscenes. Yuji Nagano, head of the movie team, decided to give cutscenes an unreal feeling to them. Nagano was a novice at creating models for anything other than stiff or inorganic structures, making elements such as Alice's skirt in the CGI model a real challenge. To achieve the desired realistic effect without clipping, he used 130 bones for the skirt. There was little to no facial animation for real-time models, with emotions instead being expressed through body language. All the character models were animated by hand, with the team observing how people moved in their neighbourhood and doing their best to recreate particular movement patterns for each character. Fighting styles were copied from movies the team watched.
Due to bone count restrictions, the movement range of enemies was limited, prompting the team to deliberately make them stiff and awkward as a way of characterizing them. The monsters drew inspiration from creatures of H. P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos, putting them in contrast with the enemies of anime and movies of the time which were described by Machida as generic animal or prehistoric designs. The background environment designers made up the largest group within the "Shadow Hearts" development team, numbering eleven at its height. Research materials were bought at an early stage to ensure the backgrounds for urban areas matched their historical counterparts. Something the team needed to watch was the polygon and color counts, which had low restrictions for field graphics but a strict limit in battle arenas.
Music.
The music of "Shadow Hearts" was composed by Yoshitaka Hirota, with additional contributions by Masaharu Iwata, Yasunori Mitsuda and Ryo Fukuda. Hirota wanted emulate Hiroki Kikuta's music for "Koudelka", creating a score that was "beautiful yet destructive". The music combined elements of punk, new wave, industrial rock, techno, electronic rock and orchestra. The opening theme "Icaro", sung by the game's main vocalist Kyoko Kishikawa, was completed quickly for an internal demo. The theme became symbolic of Yuri and Alice's romance. The ending theme "Shadow Hearts" was composed by Hirota and sung by Hiroko Kasahara, with lyrics in English and Japanese by James H. Woan. Machida and Mihara respectively contributed to and were influenced by Hirota's work during production. A 2CD soundtrack album for the game, "Shadow Hearts Original Soundtrack Plus1", was published by music label Scitron Digital Contents on June 18, 2001.
Release.
"Shadow Hearts" was first announced in January 2001. The game was the first RPG published by Aruze. The game was among several notable PS2 games exhibited at the March 2001 Tokyo Game Show, alongside "Final Fantasy X" and "Devil May Cry". The game was released on June 28, 2001. An official guidebook was published in July of that year by Enterbrain.
For its Western release, "Shadow Hearts" was published by Midway Games. The game was localized for Western release by Wordbox, with dubbing by TAJ Productions. Unlike "Koudelka", which used English voice work across all regions, the original game was dubbed into English from Japanese with subtitles for different regions. The translation was done by Jeremy Blaustein, who had previously worked on the "Pokémon" anime series, "Valkyrie Profile" and "Metal Gear Solid". During localization, Yuri's first name was changed from "Urmnaf". Blaustein chose "Yuri" as he wanted a name that sounded Russian to reflect the character's origins. "Shadow Hearts" launched in North America on December 12, 2001. In Europe, the game released on March 29, 2002.
Reception.
By the end of 2001, "Shadow Hearts" had sold nearly 104,000 units, being among the top 100 best-selling games of that year in the region. By the end of their 2001-2002 fiscal year, Aruze announced that the game had sold approximately 110,000 units in Japan; its low sales, together with underperformance of other titles, contributed to a loss within its console game division. Third-party retrospective reports indicated the series was not successful overseas, attributed by one source to close competition with "Final Fantasy X". A contrasting official statement from Midway described "Shadow Hearts" as having "a proven audience". According to review aggregate site Metacritic, the game was given a score of 73 out of 100 based on 24 reviews, indicating "mixed or average" reviews.
The gameplay saw a mixed response from critics. Japanese gaming magazine "Famitsu" called the game an RPG that felt more "complete" than most others in the genre and positively commented on the battle system. Paul Davies of "Computer and Video Games" enjoyed the gameplay challenge and additional mechanics such as the Fusion system. Gaming magazine "GamePro" enjoyed the combat system but found the experience overly linear. "GameSpot"s Gerald Villoria was impressed by both the battle system's mechanics and the integration of character statistic systems such as Malice. Dean Mortlock of "Official UK PlayStation 2 Magazine" enjoyed the gameplay and its simplicity despite a lack of innovation. "RPGFan"s Mike Bracken noted that—aside from the Judgement Ring mechanic—"Shadow Hearts" followed too many traditions of the RPG genre. David Smith of "IGN" was less pleased, with one of his main complaints being its slow pace. The Judgement Ring was generally praised by critics, although both Villoria and Smith noted both real and potential frustrations with its use.
The story and characters were generally praised. "Famitsu" praised the "rich" personalities of the cast. Davies lauded the game's tone and style compared to most other RPGs at the time. By contrast, "GamePro" found the plot "predictable" and saw it as one of the game's only notable faults. Villoria called the plot "at once comical, scary, and most of all, exciting", praising the world design and characters. Smith felt that the story—while generally well-written and enjoyable—was negatively impacted by the game's sluggish pace. Mortlock called the narrative both "brain-crippling" and "interesting". Bracken gave praise to the characters and writing. The English voice acting was faulted by several critics.
Reviewers often found the graphics lacking. While "Famitsu" praised their quality, the reviewers felt that the character animations lacked polish. "GamePro" was similarly positive the graphics while feeling they fell short compared to other RPGs of the time. Bracken said the graphic quality was comparable to that of "Koudelka" when the latter game released, noting that it still fell short compared to other recent games. Davies negatively compared its graphics to the upcoming "Final Fantasy X". Both Villoria and Smith praised the art direction and real-time character models; recurring criticisms were the less refined CGI models and low-detailed environment backgrounds. The game's music, by contrast, was met with general praise.
Sequels.
Following the release of "Shadow Hearts", Sacnoth was rebranded as "Nautilus", continuing to work on both the "Shadow Hearts" series and Aruze's pachinko business. Their next game, ', was released in 2004 and acted as a direct sequel to the normal ending of "Shadow Hearts", continuing Yuri's adventures. Much of the team later worked on the 2005 spin-off title, '. "From the New World" was the last game produced by the Sacnoth team before their eventual absorption into Aruze and ending of their game development duties.

</doc>
<doc id="6984513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984513" title="Sulpitia Cesis">
Sulpitia Cesis

Sulpitia Lodovica Cesis was born on 15 May 1577 in Modena, Italy. She was an Italian composer as well as a well-regarded lutenist. Her father was Count Annibale Cesis and he gave 300 pieces of gold for her dowry when she entered the Augustinian convent in Modena in 1593. She was a nun at the convent of Saint Geminiano in Modena, although some sources report it as Saint Agostino. Her only known work is a volume of "Motetti Spirituali", which she wrote in 1619.
Aspects of "Motetti Spirituali".
It is composed of 23 motets for 2–12 voices. Although most of the motets are written in Latin, four are written in Italian. Some scholars believe that the piece was composed earlier than 1619 because of its style. Unlike her contemporaries, her work contains indications for instruments such as cornetts, trombones, violones, and archviolones. Her 12-voice works are also especially different from the 2-3 voiced works popular in the 17th century A bass part exists as well, which is interesting considering that this music was written for a group of cloistered nuns. One explanation is that this part was for the organ or viola da gamba. Another is that low parts may have been sung an octave higher than written, as she wrote this direction for some sections. 
Cesis dedicated her collection to another nun of the same name, Anna Maria Cesis, who lived at the Convent of Santa Lucia in Rome. Both Sulpitia Cesis's and Anna Maria Cesis's convents were well known for their music.
Sulpitia Cesis is mentioned in Giovanni Battista Spaccini's chronicle of life in Modena, as the composer of a motet which was performed at the doors of San Geminiano in 1596 during a religious procession.
Example of Sulpitia Cesis's work.
"Mary Magdalena et altera Maria"
This song was not intended as a congregational hymn and is an excerpt from Matthew 28:1-7
Translation: 
Mary Magdalene and the other Mary/
went to the palace of the sepulcher.
It is Jesus whom you seek./
He is not here;/
he is risen as He said, and goes before you to Galilee./ 
There you will see Him.
For this text, "Cesis inserts melismatic phrases, underlining the name of Mary Magdalene and depicting the word "surrexit" (He is risen), in an otherwise dominantly homophonic texture and affectively uses harmonic suspension and dissonance to emphasize the miracle of Jesus' disappearance ("Non est hic", "He is not there")". 

</doc>
<doc id="6984522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984522" title="Two Hearts (story)">
Two Hearts (story)

"Two Hearts" is a fantasy novelette by American author Peter S. Beagle, written in 2004 as a coda to "The Last Unicorn" (1968), despite his decades-long reluctance to continue the original story. It was first published as the cover story of "Fantasy and Science Fiction" magazine issue dated October/November 2005. It can also be found in Beagle's short story collection "The Line Between" (Tachyon Publ., 2006); in the deluxe edition of "The Last Unicorn" (New American Library ROC, 2007); "The Very Best of Fantasy &amp; Science Fiction: Sixtieth Anniversary Anthology" (Tachyon, 2009); and "Mirror Kingdoms: The Best Of Peter S. Beagle" (Subterranean Press, 2010).
In 2023, the book "The Way Home" was released, consisting of two novellas – 2005's "Two Hearts" and the newly written sequel "Sooz".
Plot summary.
A young girl named Sooz lives in a village plagued by a griffin. The beast has preyed on the village's sheep and goats for years, but recently it has started killing children as well. Sooz embarks on a quest to recruit the King to save her village, and on the way runs into Schmendrick and Molly Grue (from "The Last Unicorn"). Upon reaching the king's castle, they find an aged King Lír, who on first glance does not seem to be up to the task of slaying a griffin. He suffers from bouts of forgetfulness, and is coddled by those around him. However, after being reminded of his younger days and his never-ending quest to once again find the unicorn that loved him (Amalthea), Lír readily accepts the mission and sets off with Sooz, Molly Grue, and Schmendrick to battle the griffin in the Midwood. 
Sooz bonds with King Lír as they return to her village and helps to keep his mind in the present whenever his memory relapses. When they return to her village, and Lír (accompanied by Schmendrick and Molly) is setting off into the Midwood to slay the griffin, Sooz suddenly pleads with him not to go, fearing for his life. Lír, however, insists that it is his duty, and proceeds inward, leaving Sooz outside the forest. 
When they are gone, however, Sooz's dog, Malka, eagerly chases into the Midwood after them. Sooz chases after Malka and comes across King Lír's battle with the griffin. Malka is killed trying to aid the king, and Lír manages to stab the griffin, putting out its lion heart. But a griffin (as Lír had told Sooz before) has two hearts: eagle and lion. The griffin, hurt but not slain, pounces on Lír after he courteously dismounts his horse, viciously wounding him. It is about to kill Sooz as well, but Schmendrick calls upon the unicorn Amalthea for aid. Amalthea quickly slays the wounded griffin and, though King Lír dies from his wounds (though not before joyously reuniting with the unicorn), she then brings Malka back to life with a touch of her magic horn. 
Amalthea soon vanishes without a trace, and Schmendrick and Molly depart to bury King Lír. Sooz fears that she will never see them again, but Molly teaches her a special song to whistle, one that she must not whistle aloud until she is seventeen. When she does, someone—a friend—will come to her, Molly promises. Sooz hopes it will be Schmendrick and Molly; she would prefer them over even a unicorn.
Writing.
The genesis of the project came about when Beagle decided to write a story set in the world of "The Last Unicorn" without necessarily including any of the same characters. From there, Beagle says that "things happened."

</doc>
<doc id="6984524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984524" title="Ernestine bayer">
Ernestine bayer



</doc>
<doc id="6984534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984534" title="̸">
̸



</doc>
<doc id="6984536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984536" title="Miskin">
Miskin

Miskin () is a village approximately south of Llantrisant in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales.
The origin of the village was a small hamlet known as New Mill, which grew up around New Mill farm. Miskin is part of the Pontyclun electoral ward.
History.
The 1841 census records the settlement (originally a small hamlet by the name of New Inn) as having a population of 31. The opening of the Bute and Mwyndy iron ore mines in nearby Talbot Green, in 1852 and 1853 respectively, had a huge impact on the small hamlet of New Mill. The census of 1861 shows that New Mill had become a village, its population now 83 people in 17 households, and of these residents 17 were iron ore miners. By the early 1870s New Mill had become the village of Miskin, with the village centre being based around the inn, which is now The Miskin Arms pub.
The name change from New Mill to Miskin was brought about by Judge Gwilym Williams, and was taken from the medieval commote of Miskin. Williams, a staunch Welsh patriot, lived at Miskin Manor (built 1864), a Victorian L-plan mansion in a neo-Tudor style.
By the 1870s several ironstone mines are evident to the north of the village, and the village's population continued to grow, as skilled miners rather than heavy labourers were needed to extract the ore. The 1871 census records the village's population as 144, with more than half of the miners being immigrants from the depressed copper mining county of Cornwall.
Religion.
A church has stood on the site of the current St David's church since 1878. Originally of corrugated iron construction, it was replaced by the current stone church in 1906–07. The land on which the church was built was owned by the Williams family.
Funds for the building of the church were raised by public donations and events, notably the Grand Fete at Miskin Manor which raised over £1,000, with the majority of the funds coming from Emma Eleanor Williams, Gwilym Williams' widow. The church was licensed on 23 December 1907 and consecrated by Right Rev Timothy Rees, Bishop of Llandaff, on Sunday 23 April 1933.
St David's Church was designed by local architect E. M. Bruce Vaughan and has been described as 'earnestly handsome'. The church has an over-buttressed square tower, and is faced with green Quarella stone outside and in. Of note are three stained glass windows by Jessie Bayes, to members of the Williams family.
There is also a large Roman Catholic church, All Hallows, on the outskirts of the village.
Miskin Mill.
The Miskin Mill site has been the location of a water-driven corn mill for most of the last 400 years. Since 1929 it has been used by the Scouting movement for camping and training.
Transport.
The nearest railway station is at Pontyclun.

</doc>
<doc id="6984542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984542" title="Reisha">
Reisha



</doc>
<doc id="6984547" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984547" title="Heritage Hill Historic District (Grand Rapids, Michigan)">
Heritage Hill Historic District (Grand Rapids, Michigan)

Heritage Hill is a residential neighborhood in Grand Rapids, Michigan. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is one of the largest urban historic districts in the United States. It is bounded by Crescent Street (north), Union Avenue (east), Pleasant Street (south), and Lafayette Avenue (west). Heritage Hill was designated by the American Planning Association as one of 2012's Great Places in America.
Description.
Heritage Hill is adjacent to downtown Grand Rapids and is the city's oldest residential district. Its 1,300 homes date from 1844 and represent Michigan's largest and finest concentration of nineteenth and early twentieth-century houses. Nearly every style of American architecture, from Greek Revival to Prairie is represented. These were the homes of lumber barons, teachers, judges, and legislators who shaped the city's future. It is home to about 4,400 residents and covers an area of about 1 square mile. A number of architectural styles are included in the historic district including Greek Revival, Italianate, Colonial Revival, Chateauesque, Queen Anne, Shingle Style and over 50 others. There is also a Prairie Style house designed by Frank Lloyd Wright which was built in 1908-09.
History.
In the 1960s, urban renewal efforts throughout Grand Rapids called for demolishing up to 75% of the neighborhood. However, protests from residents led to the organization of the Heritage Hill Association, in 1968. The residents filed court challenges and were able to stop the loss of historic neighborhood properties under the 1966 National Historic Preservation Act. This was the first such case of the use of a successful suit to protect a neighborhood's character under the Act.
Today, the Heritage Hill Association provides neighbors a way of collectively building a healthy, historically preserved community where people can live and work in a secure and stable environment. Issues include land use, crime and safety concerns, preservation, parking and traffic, education and other quality of life issues. Heritage Hill was added to the National Register of Historic Places and the Michigan State Register of Historic Sites in 1971.
The Master Plan of Heritage Hill, approved by the city in 1988 and incorporated into the city's 2002 master plan, helped shape the restoration and development of the neighborhood's many historical properties, as did the 1992 Prospect Plan. When the city approved the Mary Free Bed Rehabilitation Hospital's parking ramp, it attached funding to carry out the prospect plan as one of the conditions.
Prior to its designation as a National Historic District a number of homes were demolished. One notable home that was lost was the Bissell house, built for Melville R. Bissell (inventor of the carpet sweeper) &amp; his wife Anna. The site is now occupied by Grand Rapids' NBC television affiliate station, WOOD-TV Channel 8.
Each year in May, the Heritage Hill Association sponsors a weekend Home Tour in the Historic District that includes admittance to select homes. The Association also publishes a series of self-guided walking tours of the historic district which can be taken at any time, but which does not include admittance to the homes.
Today.
Heritage Hill has remained very well preserved. Annual tours of select homes within the district are given every May.

</doc>
<doc id="6984559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984559" title="The Guns of Navarone (film)">
The Guns of Navarone (film)

The Guns of Navarone is a 1961 action adventure war film directed by J. Lee Thompson from a screenplay by Carl Foreman, based on Alistair MacLean's 1957 novel. Foreman also produced the film, which stars Gregory Peck, David Niven and Anthony Quinn, along with Stanley Baker, Anthony Quayle, Irene Papas, Gia Scala, Richard Harris and James Darren. The book and the film share a plot: the efforts of an Allied commando unit to destroy a seemingly impregnable German fortress that threatens Allied naval ships in the Aegean Sea.
Plot.
In 1943, the Axis powers plan an assault on the island of Keros, where 2,000 British soldiers are marooned, to display their military strength and convince neutral Turkey to join them. Rescue by the Royal Navy is prevented by two enormous radar-directed large-calibre guns on (fictional) Navarone Island. When aerial bombing efforts fail, Allied Intelligence gathers a commando unit to infiltrate Navarone and destroy the guns. Led by Major Roy Franklin, the team is composed of Captain Keith Mallory, a spy and an officer with the Long Range Desert Group; Colonel Andrea Stavros from the Greek Army; Franklin's friend Corporal Miller, an explosives expert and chemistry professor; Greco-American Spyros Pappadimos, a native of Navarone; and "The Butcher of Barcelona" Brown, an engineer and knife fighter.
Disguised as Greek fishermen on a decrepit fishing vessel, they sail across the Aegean Sea, where they overwhelm the crew of a German patrol boat. Mallory confides to Franklin that Stavros has sworn to kill him after the war because Mallory was inadvertently responsible for the deaths of Stavros's wife and children. After being shipwrecked on the coast of Navarone, Mallory leads the team in a climb up the cliff, during which Franklin injures his leg. Mallory stops Franklin killing himself and lies that their mission has been scrubbed, and that an amphibious assault will be mounted instead. They rendezvous with two local resistance fighters, Spyros's sister Maria and her friend Anna, who had been tortured by the Germans before escaping.
The group is captured while trying to find a doctor for Franklin's gangrenous leg. Stavros distracts the Germans and the team overpower their captors. They escape in German uniforms, leaving Franklin behind to receive medical attention. Franklin is injected with scopolamine and gives up Mallory's misinformation, causing most forces to leave the fortress to counter the expected coastal attack. In the village of Navarone, Miller discovers his explosives have been sabotaged and deduces that Anna is the culprit. She confesses that the Germans recruited her in exchange for her release. Mallory prepares to execute Anna, but Maria intervenes and shoots her dead.
Mallory and Miller go for the guns, Stavros and Spyros create distractions in town, and Maria and Brown steal a boat for their escape. Spyros dies in a shootout with a German officer, and Brown is stabbed during the boat theft. Mallory and Miller plant explosives on the guns and prepare a booby trap on the track of an ammunition hoist. The Germans force entry into the gun emplacement and defuse the explosives planted on the guns as Mallory and Miller escape down the cliff and are picked up by the stolen boat. A wounded Stavros is helped aboard by Mallory, resolving the blood feud between them.
As the Allied destroyers trying to rescue the trapped British troops appear, the Germans open fire on them. When the hoist reaches Miller's booby trap, the hidden explosives set off the surrounding shells in a huge explosion, destroying the guns and the entire fortress. Mallory's team reaches the British convoy. Stavros has fallen in love with Maria and returns to Navarone with her. Mallory and Miller observe the aftermath of their success from a destroyer.
Cast.
Lt. General Fritz Bayerlein as Technical Advisor
Peter Grant, future music manager of the Yardbirds, Led Zeppelin and Bad Company, played an uncredited British commando.
Production.
The film was part of a cycle of big-budget World War II adventures that included "The Bridge on the River Kwai" (1957), "The Longest Day" (1962) and "The Great Escape" (1963). MacLean's novel had been a bestseller and was read by Mike Frankovich, head of Columbia Pictures, who became excited as to its cinematic possibilities. He showed it to Carl Foreman, who had written "Bridge on the River Kwai" and had a producing deal with Columbia, who was not as enthusiastic at first, in part because he knew how difficult making a movie version would be. Foreman eventually changed his mind and agreed to make the movie. The novel had been inspired by the Battle of Leros during the Dodecanese Campaign of World War II but the guns on Leros were , not the huge guns described in the book and the film. However, they may have been inspired by the four naval 305mm (12 inch) Obukhovskii 12"/52 Pattern 1907 guns, which were 15.85 metres long and installed by the Germans at the Batterie Mirus on the island of Guernsey in 1942. The screenplay, adapted by producer Carl Foreman, made significant changes from the novel; these included changing the gender of the local resistance fighters and inventing a conflict between Mallory and Andrea.
Foreman wanted to direct as well, but Columbia refused, insisting on a British director. The job went to Alexander Mackendrick (director of "The Sweet Smell of Success"), who said he "wanted to take what was essentially a typical, action-packed wartime melodrama and give it some pretentious overtones." Mackendrick left the production in March 1960, a week before shooting started, due to an alleged severe back ailment. It was later suggested he was fired by Foreman due to "creative differences". He was replaced by J. Lee Thompson, in part because star Gregory Peck was impressed by "North West Frontier".
The role played by Niven was originally intended for Kenneth More. Foreman had written the part for More, but the head of Rank, John Davis, refused to lend More out for the film.
Richard Todd claimed that Foreman offered him a role, but Todd turned it down, as he felt the story was "far fetched" and he did not want to be cast in war movies although he had notably appeared as Guy Gibson in "The Dambusters" (1955) and would go on to play Major John Howard in "The Longest Day" (1962).
Shooting.
The Greek island of Rhodes provided locations—the unit was based there from April to July 1960. Quinn was so impressed with the area that he bought land nearby and later received additional land from the local government in gratitude for making the island famous - today the place is called Anthony Quinn Bay. Some further scenes were shot on the islands of Gozo, near Malta, and Tino, in the Ligurian Sea. One of the warships in the film, the destroyer escort , then a training ship in the Hellenic Navy known as "Aetos" (D-01), is preserved as a museum ship in Albany, New York.
As described by director Thompson in the DVD commentary track, David Niven became severely ill after shooting sequences in a dirty pool of water underneath the cave elevator and could have died from a serious infection, remaining in the hospital for some weeks as the crew completed other portions of the cave sequence. Since key scenes with Niven remained incomplete, and it was doubtful whether he would return to finish the film, the entire production was in jeopardy. Reshooting key scenes throughout the film with another actor and abandoning the project to collect the insurance were contemplated. Against medical advice, Niven felt obligated to complete his work and agreed to shoot and complete his scenes. However, he relapsed and did not recover for another seven weeks.
A complication arose when it was found that Gregory Peck, whose character was supposed to be fluent in German, could not speak the language convincingly. Voice actor Robert Rietty dubbed all of Peck's German dialogue for the film. The film's maps were created by Halas and Batchelor, a British team best known for their animated films. Although the island of Navarone is fictional, a map depicted in the film purporting to show the island of Navarone shows it as the real island of Antikythera. Several members of the Greek royal family visited the set the day the Mandrakos cafe scene was filmed and appear in the background as extras.
Soundtrack.
The film's score was composed by Dimitri Tiomkin and featured arrangements of several traditional songs.
Tiomkin's theme song featured on the soundtrack album with lyrics recounting the film's plot. His theme became a popular instrumental with several cover versions including a 1965 version by The Skatalites. Other cover versions were performed by Johnny Griffin, Al Caiola and the Hollyridge Strings.
Release and reception.
Box office.
"The Guns of Navarone" had its Royal World Premiere in aid of the Edwina Mountbatten Trust and in the presence of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II and His Royal Highness Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh on 27 April 1961, at the Odeon Leicester Square in London's West End. The film grossed $28.9 million at the box office generating theatrical rentals of $13 million in the United States and Canada and was the second top-grossing film of 1961. It earned worldwide rentals of $25 million.
Critics.
Reviews were mostly positive; Bosley Crowther of "The New York Times" called the film "one of those muscle-loaded pictures in the thundering tradition of DeMille, which means more emphasis is placed on melodrama than on character or credibility." He added that while the film was predictable, "for anyone given to letting himself be entertained by scenes of explosive action and individual heroic displays, there should be entertainment in this picture, for there is plenty of all that in it." "Variety" wrote that the film was "the sort of spectacular drama that can ignore any TV competition and, even with its flaws, should have patrons firmly riveted throughout its lengthy narrative. With a bunch of weighty stars, terrific special effects, several socko situations plus good camerawork and other technical okays, Foreman and director J. Lee Thompson have sired a winner." "Harrison's Reports" gave a grade of "Excellent," stating: "The script, direction, acting (by a brilliant cast) and photography are all prizeworthy." Richard L. Coe of "The Washington Post" called the film "a magnificently detailed cliff-hanger of spectacular settings and deeds of impossible derring-do ... What makes this one of the good ones is superlative photography of the storied Grecian isles, a crackerjack cast and a yarn about WWII in which unlikely incident succeeds unlikely incident with rare largesse."
John L. Scott of the "Los Angeles Times" called it "the best adventure movie to hit the screen this year," adding, "Some viewers will deplore a lack of character motivation—the origins of the six heroes are passed by rather quickly at the beginning—and women may yearn for more romantic passages in the film—but most of us, I am sure, will be satisfied with the epic suspense and sweep of this highly pictorial adventure." Brendan Gill of "The New Yorker" called it one of those movies "that are no less thrilling because they are so preposterous ... Let me also confess that I was held more or less spellbound all the way through this many-colored rubbish". "The Monthly Film Bulletin" thought the film fell well short of its ambitions, finding that Foreman's script had "too much diffusion, too much talk, and too many themes raised and dropped, so that the adventure story is not lifted to another plane but overstretched, robbed of the tight narrative concentration needed for a mounting tension." The review also criticized director Thompson for lacking "the ability of the Hollywood veterans to hold a long picture together" and instead of moving the action forward "in a series of jerks." Stanley Kauffmann of "The New Republic" wrote, "The Guns of Navarone is a lively adventure picture full of vivid action, obviously contrived but effective suspense."
Accolades.
The film is recognized by the American Film Institute in the following list:
Sequel.
In 1968, author Alistair MacLean reunited Mallory, Miller, and Stavros in the best-selling novel "Force 10 From Navarone", the only sequel of his long writing career. That was in turn filmed as the significantly different "Force 10 from Navarone" in 1978 by British director Guy Hamilton, a veteran of several James Bond films. The cast included Robert Shaw, Harrison Ford and Edward Fox. Though the sequel was a modest success, it did not match the original critically or commercially.

</doc>
<doc id="6984562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984562" title="Pre-rRNA">
Pre-rRNA



</doc>
<doc id="6984569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984569" title="Intaglio methods of engraving">
Intaglio methods of engraving



</doc>
<doc id="6984573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984573" title="Uhnów">
Uhnów



</doc>
<doc id="6984590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984590" title="Television marathon">
Television marathon



</doc>
<doc id="6984596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984596" title="Dave Snaker Ray">
Dave Snaker Ray



</doc>
<doc id="6984602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984602" title="The Stench of Evil">
The Stench of Evil



</doc>
<doc id="6984605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984605" title="Louisiana State University Medical School">
Louisiana State University Medical School



</doc>
<doc id="6984606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984606" title="Lsu medical school">
Lsu medical school



</doc>
<doc id="6984607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984607" title="Uhnow">
Uhnow



</doc>
<doc id="6984610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984610" title="Flag of Barcelona">
Flag of Barcelona

The flag of Barcelona () is the municipal flag of Barcelona, which combines the cross of Saint George (, ), the patron saint of Catalonia, with the traditional red and yellow bars of the Senyera, the ancient symbol of the Crown of Aragon (here, the bars are vertical, though the modern flag of Catalonia has horizontal stripes).
The flag in its current form has been official since 2004, though it (or variations on it) may have been in use since the nineteenth century. It was first officially adopted in May 1906, but its use was not permitted during the rule of Francisco Franco; a slightly different version of the flag, with brighter colours and a different configuration of red bars, was readopted in 1984.
In 1996, after a number of different proposals, the City Council of Barcelona adopted a new flag, featuring the official logo of the city (which incorporates Saint George's cross) over the vertical Catalan stripes. The flag enjoyed some political support, but was opposed by some historical and vexillological groups, who campaigned against it.
In 2004, however, the city council "recuperated" the 1906 flag legislation, restoring the original design. Both the traditional (1906) and the modern (1996) designs can be seen today in the city, though the Catalan Vexillology Association () continues to campaign against the use of the latter.

</doc>
<doc id="6984611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984611" title="Society Bank">
Society Bank



</doc>
<doc id="6984617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984617" title="Stokowski's version">
Stokowski's version



</doc>
<doc id="6984619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984619" title="Yale (Sport Club)">
Yale (Sport Club)



</doc>
<doc id="6984621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984621" title="Frederick Twort">
Frederick Twort

Frederick William Twort FRS (22 October 1877 – 20 March 1950) was an English bacteriologist and was the original discoverer in 1915 of bacteriophages (viruses that infect bacteria). He studied medicine at St Thomas's Hospital, London, was superintendent of the Brown Institute for Animals (a pathology research centre), and was a professor of bacteriology at the University of London. He researched into Johne's disease, a chronic intestinal infection of cattle, and also discovered that vitamin K is needed by growing leprosy bacteria.
Early life and scientific training.
The eldest of the eleven children of Dr. William Henry Twort, Frederick Twort was born in Camberley, Surrey on 22 October 1877. The three eldest sons went to Tomlinson's Modern School in Woking. From 1894 Frederick studied medicine at St Thomas's Hospital, London. After qualifying in medicine (Membership of the Royal College of Surgeons, Licentiate of the Royal College of Physicians) in 1900, Twort took the first paid post available, assistant to Dr. Louis Jenner, Superintendent of the Clinical Laboratory of St Thomas' Hospital. There he trained in pathological techniques. In 1902 he became assistant to the Bacteriologist of the London Hospital, Dr. William Bulloch, later F.R.S., and carried out single-handed the whole diagnostic routine of the hospital. In 1909, Twort became the superintendent of the Brown Animal Sanatory Institution, a pathology research centre, and remained there for the duration of his career. In 1919 Twort married Dorothy Nony, daughter of Frederick J. Banister, and together they had three daughters and a son.
Major work.
Mutation.
Early in the history of microbiology, bacteria were often differentiated by testing their ability to grow on different media. Twort's first important paper found some shortcomings to this method. He found that the major subgroups identified by sugar fermentation were not capable of clear-cut subdivision by tests on glucosides, nor even were they strictly separable by sugars. Twort wrote, "It seems, therefore, probable that the separate micro-organisms in the various subgroups are not to be regarded as distinct species, but as varieties or hybrids of one or more species. If this be so, one might expect them to be constantly varying, losing old characters and gaining new ones according to the conditions under which they are grown, and it was with the object of testing this hypothesis that further series of experiments were undertaken." Following prolonged incubation in media that they previously failed to ferment, several species acquired fermentation powers which originally they did not enjoy. We now know that these mutant individuals able to ferment novel sugars arose in culture, and came to dominate the population. Although ignored at the time - a trend that seemed to plague his career - this work was quite prescient, and anticipated by decades the subsequent work on adaptation and mutation by bacterial chemists and microbiologists.
Growth factors.
Leprosy was still a major concern during the early part of the 20th century. However, work on leprosy was frustrated by the inability to culture the leprosy bacillus in the laboratory. Twort suspected that the leprosy bacillus had a 'close relationship' with the tubercle bacillus, a species that was culturable. Twort wrote, "It appeared highly probable that these two organisms would require the same chemical substances for building up their protoplasm, which could be elaborated from the ordinary media only
by the tubercle bacillus." Twort therefore incorporated dead tubercle bacilli in the growth medium and succeeded in culturing leprosy. The essential substance supplied by the tubercle bacillus that was missing from the medium turned out to be vitamin K. Twort's experiment is important as a demonstration of an organism growing only when supplied with a substance elaborated by another. This is the essential feature of all growth factor investigations and the basis of all studies of bacterial nutrition. However, this work, too, was ignored for several decades.
Johne's disease.
Twort also researched Johne's disease, a chronic intestinal infection of cattle. Similarly to leprosy, Johne's bacillus could not be cultivated on ordinary media. Incorporation of dead tubercle bacilli in the medium was successful. Johne's
bacillus had been cultivated for the first time. Contrary to previous efforts, Twort's work was recognized immediately.
Twort-d'Herelle phenomenon.
Twort and his brother, Dr. C. C. Twort, had for some years been trying to grow viruses in artificial media hoping to find a nonpathogenic virus, which might be the wild type of a pathogenic one, so more likely to grow. In 1914, Twort set out to identify the elusive (now known to be nonexistent) "essential substance" that would allow vaccinia virus to grow "in vitro". At the time, smallpox vaccines had to be made in the skin of calves and was almost always contaminated with the bacterial genus "Staphylococcus". Twort speculated the contaminating bacteria might be the source of the "essential substance" needed by vaccinia to survive. He plated some of the smallpox vaccines on nutrient agar slants and obtained large bacterial colonies of several colours. Upon closer examination of the colonies with a magnifying glass, he found minute glassy areas that would not grow when subcultured. He quickly realized these glassy areas were the result of the destruction of the bacterial cells and was able to pick from some of these areas and transmit this from one staphylococci colony to another.
Further experiments showed the agent could pass through porcelain filters and it required bacteria for growth. These observations show Twort had discovered most of the essential features of bacteriophages, although Twort seemed to favor the idea that the principle was not a separate form of life, but an enzyme which is secreted by the bacteria. Twort published these results in "The Lancet" in 1915 and called the contagion the bacteriolytic agent. Unfortunately, his discovery was ignored; Félix d'Herelle discovered phages independently, and Twort's work may have been lost to time, but for Jules Bordet and Andre Gratia's rediscovery of Twort's paper.
World War I.
In the middle of his work, war broke out and a grant from the Local Government Board came to an end. Further, he became interested in the Royal Army Medical Corps and
actually left for Salonika, where he was in charge of the base laboratory, a few weeks after his phage paper was published. Supposedly after that point, Twort was inundated with routine and could no longer pursue his research. To explain why he did not continue his work on bacteriophages, Twort responded, "it was sometime after the end of the war before I was really free again to continue the investigation, but at that time most of the additional details of the phenomenon had been published by other workers under the title of 'the bacteriophage'. So I passed on to other work." This excuse is rather puzzling since, in 1919, bacteriophage research was still in its infancy.
Postwar work.
Following the war, the recently formed Medical Research Committee (Council) supplemented Twort's salary as a university professor by an annual grant but he never was given an assistant to help with the great number of experiments he had in mind. He struggled on under difficult and depressing conditions with singlemindedness and intense interest in his work.
Twort and others wanted to use these bacteriolytic agents to cure bacterial diseases in humans and animals. When this proved to be unsuccessful, Twort went back to expanding his original idea that the bacteriolytic agents themselves needed an addition (essential) factor of a more exceptional nature to satisfy their fundamental needs. He searched for a substance that would allow viruses to grow apart from other forms of life (i.e. a host organism) and when this was unsuccessful, he tried to prove that bacteria evolved from viruses. His prime idea was to devise conditions for the cultivation of viruses from abiotic precursors or hypothetical pre-virus forms which might exist in nature. These experiments, while failures, presaged the famous Miller-Urey experiments of the 1950s. Although he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in May 1929, Twort was never again to publish work of any serious import. On 19 November 1931 London University's Senate conferred on him the title of Professor of Bacteriology on the following grounds: 1. His distinguished contributions by research to the advancement of his subject. 2. His powers of exposition. 3. His eminence in his subject.
Financial support for his research dwindled, his stipend from the MRC ended in 1936, and his laboratory was destroyed by a bomb in 1944. The University of London took this opportunity to deprive Twort of his post and research facilities. He was allowed to store the research equipment at his home in Camberley. In 1949, Penguin Books published his chapter on the Discovery of the Bacteriophage alongside a chapter on the Bacteriophage by Felix d'Herelle in the popular series Science News. Twort died on 30 March 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="6984626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984626" title="NewYork-Presbyterian Healthcare System">
NewYork-Presbyterian Healthcare System

The NewYork-Presbyterian Healthcare System is a network of independent, cooperating, acute-care and community hospitals, continuum-of-care facilities, home-health agencies, ambulatory sites, and specialty institutes in the New York metropolitan area. , the System was the largest receiver of Medicare payments in the United States.
The system is run by New York-Presbyterian Hospital, Columbia University Vagelos College of Physicians and Surgeons, and Weill Cornell Medicine.
Each hospital in the system is an affiliate of either of the two medical colleges.
To become a part of the system, institutions must meet standards of the organization and to remain in it, "each must continue to pursue a quality agenda, which includes review and evaluation of clinical, operational, and financial data," according to the Web site of the organization. Member institutions share their knowledge and expertise, including knowledge of best practices in various fields.
List of hospitals in the system.
These hospitals, in addition to NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital and its connected hospitals, are in the system:

</doc>
<doc id="6984627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984627" title="Broad Run (White Clay Creek tributary)">
Broad Run (White Clay Creek tributary)

Broad Run is a tributary of White Clay Creek located principally in New Garden Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
The headwaters of Broad Run are in Kaolin, just south of Pennsylvania Route 41. Flowing southward, the stream enters a wide, deep valley. Between two hills east of Landenberg, Broad Run has been dammed to form Somerset Lake, the center of a development. Just south of the dam is the site of the Wilmington and Western Railroad's Broad Run Trestle, removed when the line to Landenberg was abandoned around 1940. Below, the valley narrows between hills again, and Broad Run enters London Britain Township and the White Clay Creek Preserve just before receiving Walnut Run. It empties into the White Clay about an eighth of a mile below.
Broad Run is included in the designation of the White Clay Creek as a Wild and Scenic River.

</doc>
<doc id="6984635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984635" title="Seed predation">
Seed predation

Seed predation, often referred to as granivory, is a type of plant-animal interaction in which granivores (seed predators) feed on the seeds of plants as a main or exclusive food source, in many cases leaving the seeds damaged and not viable. Granivores are found across many families of vertebrates (especially mammals and birds) as well as invertebrates (mainly insects); thus, seed predation occurs in virtually all terrestrial ecosystems. 
Seed predation is commonly divided into two distinctive temporal categories, pre-dispersal and post-dispersal predation, which affect the fitness of the parental plant and the dispersed offspring (the seed), respectively. Mitigating pre- and post-dispersal predation may involve different strategies. To counter seed predation, plants have evolved both physical defenses (e.g., shape and toughness of the seed coat) and chemical defenses (secondary compounds such as tannins and alkaloids). However, as plants have evolved seed defenses, seed predators have adapted to plant defenses (e.g., ability to detoxify chemical compounds). Thus, many interesting examples of coevolution arise from this dynamic relationship.
Seeds and their defenses.
Plant seeds are important sources of nutrition for animals across most ecosystems. Seeds contain food storage organs (e.g., endosperm) that provide nutrients to the developing plant embryo (cotyledon). This makes seeds an attractive food source for animals because they are a highly concentrated and localized nutrient source in relation to other plant parts.
Seeds of many plants have evolved a variety of defenses to deter predation. Seeds are often contained inside protective structures or fruit pulp that encapsulate seeds until they are ripe. Other physical defenses include spines, hairs, fibrous seed coats and hard endosperm. Seeds, especially in arid areas, may have a mucilaginous seed coat that can glue soil to seed hiding it from granivores.
Some seeds have evolved strong anti-herbivore chemical compounds. In contrast to physical defenses, chemical seed defenses deter consumption using chemicals that are toxic or distasteful to granivores or that inhibit the digestibility of the seed. These chemicals include toxic non-protein amino acids, cyanogenic glycosides, protease and amylase inhibitors, and phytohemaglutinins. Plants may face trade-offs between allocation toward defenses and the size and number of seeds produced.
Plants may reduce the severity of seed predation by making seeds spatially or temporally scarce to granivores. Seed dispersal away from the parent plant is hypothesized to reduce the severity of seed predation. Seed masting is an example of how plant populations are able to temporally regulate the severity of seed predation. Masting refers to a concerted abundance of seed production followed by a period of paucity. This strategy has the potential to regulate the size of the population of seed predators.
Seed predation vs. seed dispersal.
Adaptations to defend seeds against predation can impact seeds' ability to germinate and disperse. Thus anti-predator adaptations often occur in a suite of adaptations for a particular seed life history. For example, chili plants selectively deter mammal seed predators and fungi using capsaicin, which does not deter bird seed dispersers because bird taste receptors do not bind with capsaicin. Chili seeds in turn have higher survival if they pass through a bird's stomach than if they fall to the ground.
Pre- and post-dispersal.
Seed predation can occur both before and after seed dispersal.
Pre-dispersal.
Pre-dispersal seed predation takes place when seeds are removed from the parent plant before dispersal, and it has been most often reported in invertebrates, birds, and in granivorous rodents that clip fruits directly from trees and herbaceous plants. Post-dispersal seed predation arises once seeds have been released from the parent plant. Birds, rodents, and ants are known to be among the most pervasive postdispersal seed predators. Furthermore, postdispersal seed predation can take place at two contrasting stages: predation on the "seed rain" and predation on the "seed bank". Whereas predation on the seed rain occurs when animals prey on released seeds usually flush with the ground surface, predation on the seed bank takes place after seeds have been incorporated deeply into the soil. Nevertheless, there are important vertebrate pre-dispersal predators, especially birds and small mammals.
Post-dispersal.
Post-dispersal seed predation is extremely common in virtually all ecosystems. Given the heterogeneity in both resource type (seeds from different species), quality (seeds of different ages and/or different status of integrity or decomposition) and location (seeds are scattered and hidden in the environment), most post-dispersal predators have generalist habits. These predators belong to a diverse array of animals, such as ants, beetles, crabs, fish, rodents and birds. The assemblage of post-dispersal seed predators varies considerably among ecosystems. A dispersed seed is the first independent life stage of a plant, thus post-dispersal seed predation is the first potential mortality event and one of the first biotic interactions in a plant's life cycle.
Differences.
Both pre- and post-dispersal seed predation are common. Pre-dispersal predators differ from post-dispersal predators in most often being specialists, adapted to clustered resources (on the plant). They use specific cues like plant chemistry (volatile compounds), color, and size to locate seeds, and their short life cycles often match the production of seeds by the host plant. Insect groups containing many pre-dispersal seed predators are Coleoptera, Hemiptera, Hymenoptera and Lepidoptera.
Effects on plant demography.
The complex relationship between seed predation and plant demography is an important topic of plant-animal interactive studies. Plant population structure and size over time is closely associated with the effectiveness at which seed predators locate, consume, and disperse seeds. In many cases this relationship depends on the type of seed predator (specialist vs. generalist) or the particular habitat in which the interaction is taking place. The role of seed predation on plant demography may be either detrimental or in particular cases actually beneficial to plant populations.
The Janzen-Connell model concerns how seed density and survival respond to distance from the parent tree and differential rates of seed predation. Seed density is hypothesized to decrease as distance from the parent tree increases. Where seeds are most abundant under the parent tree, seed predation is predicted to be at its highest. As distance from the parent tree increases, seed abundance and thus seed predation are predicted to decrease as seed survival increases.
The degree to which seed predation influences plant populations may vary by whether a plant species is safe site limited or seed limited. If a population is safe site limited it is likely that seed predation will have little impact to the success of the population. In safe site limited populations increased seed abundance does not translate into increased seedling recruitment. However, if a population is seed limited, seed predation has a better chance of negatively affecting the plant population by decreasing seedling recruitment. Maron and Simms found both safe site limited and seed limited populations depending on the habitat in which the seed predation was taking place. In dune habitats seed predators (deer mice) were limiting seedling recruitment in the population, thus negatively affecting the population. However, in grassland habitat the seed predator had little effect on the plant population because it was safe site limited.
In many cases seed predators support plant populations by dispersing seeds away from the parent plant, in effect supporting gene flow between populations. Other seed predators collect seeds and then store or cache them for later consumption. In the case that the seed predator is unable to locate the buried or hidden seed there is a chance that it will later germinate and grow, supporting the species dispersal. Generalist (vertebrate) seed predators may also aid the plant in other indirect ways, for instance by inducing top-down control on host-specific seed predators (termed "intra-guild predation"), and as such negating Janzen-Connell type effects and so benefiting the plant in competition with other plant species.

</doc>
<doc id="6984641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984641" title="Tommaso Portinari">
Tommaso Portinari

Tommaso Portinari (c.1424? – 1501) was an Italian banker for the Medici bank in Bruges. He was a member of a prominent Florentine family, coming from Portico di Romagna, near Forlì; that family had included Dante's muse, Beatrice Portinari. His father was a Medici branch manager, and after his death in 1421, Tommaso and his orphaned brothers were taken in and raised in the household of Cosimo de' Medici. Today he is mainly remembered for two significant commissions of Early Netherlandish paintings.
Career.
Portinari was an employee in the Bruges branch for a very long time, more than 25 years, but never rose higher than assistant manager and factor, apparently at the insistence of Cosimo de' Medici, who did not trust him. After Cosimo's death, he became general manager and shareholder in the branch at the age of 40, aided by the influence of his brothers, longtime managers of the bank's Milan branch. When Francesco Sassetti's influence removed the long-standing ban on lending to secular officials in 1471, Portinari used his position to make very large and extremely risky unsecured loans to Charles the Bold—loans which were never repaid and cost the bank heavily. He initially loaned 6,000 groat, more than twice that branch's total capital; the loan only grew worse, until it stood at 9500 groat in 1478. Unsurprisingly, for his good services, Portinari became a favored councilor to Charles the Bold. On the latter's death in battle, the loan went essentially into default. Further good money was thrown after bad when he lent to Archduke Maximilian of Austria, Charles's successor. A small portion of this loan was eventually repaid.
He was the defendant in "Ruffini v. Portinari" in 1455, one of the first legal cases to deal with separation of partnerships and legal liability: he was sued by the Milanese Damiano Ruffini for "defective packing of nine bales of wool bought by the plaintiff from the Medici branch in London. The defendant pointed out that the bales never belonged to the Bruges branch and that the plaintiff should sue the London branch." Portinari testified that the two branches were legally and commercially separate, apparently persuading the judge who denied Ruffini's suit, but upholding his right to sue the manager of the London branch.
Portraits.
While at the height of his career, he had himself memorialized in religious paintings. One, the Portinari Triptych, is visible today in Florence. In commissioning it, he ostentatiously compared himself with his predecessor at the Bruges branch, Angelo Tani. He may also have commissioned "The Last Judgment", by Hans Memling, as it has been suggested that the soul of the sinner being weighed on the scales of St. Michael is in fact a donor portrait of Portinari. This painting, also intended for a Florentine church, was hijacked by pirates from the Baltic Sea, leading incidentally to a lengthy lawsuit against the Hanseatic League to force them to return it. He and his wife are portrayed in donor portraits in Hans Memling's c.1470 painting "Scenes from the Passion of Christ", now held by the Galleria Sabauda in Turin, and Memling also painted their portraits for a triptych c.1470: "Portrait of Tommaso Portinari", "Portrait of Maria Portinari".
Financial problems with the sale of alum from the joint Papal-Medici alum cartel and bad investments like two galleys that either sank or were captured by privateers, along with the still outstanding bad loans to Charles the Bold, caused the Medici to finally give up on Bruges in 1478, when they unilaterally dissolved the partnership. Portinari was essentially fired and he fell on hard times. He eventually made a comeback of sorts as a diplomat (involved in, among other things, the Intercursus Magnus). Ironically, the most useful part of his being a diplomat was being able to return home to Florence without being thrown into debtor's prison. His attempts to start his own bank failed, his past services to the Medici and the Duchy of Burgundy were forgotten, and he died a pauper in the Hospital of Santa Maria Nuova, which his ancestor Folco di Ricovero Portinari had founded in 1288. His estate was so meager and his business dealings so dubious that his inheriting son refused to inherit the estate, so as to avoid any possible overdue debts.

</doc>
<doc id="6984653" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984653" title="Tanagra figurine">
Tanagra figurine

The Tanagra figurines are a mold-cast type of Greek terracotta figurines produced from the later fourth century BC, named after the Boeotian town of Tanagra, where many were excavated and which has given its name to the whole class. However, they were produced in many cities. They were coated with a liquid white slip before firing and were sometimes painted afterward in naturalistic tints with watercolors, such as the famous "Dame en Bleu" ("Lady in Blue") at the Louvre. They were widely exported around the ancient Greek world. Such figures were made in many other Mediterranean sites, including Alexandria, Tarentum in Magna Graecia, Centuripe in Sicily and Myrina in Mysia.
Although not portraits, Tanagra figures depict real women—and some men and boys—in elegant but everyday costume, with familiar accessories like hats, wreaths or fans. Some character pieces may have represented stock figures from the New Comedy of Menander and other writers. Others continued an earlier tradition of molded terracotta figures used as cult images or votive objects. Typically they are about 10 to 20 centimetres high.
Some Tanagra figurines were religious in purpose, but most seem to have been entirely decorative, much like their modern equivalents in porcelain from the 18th century onward. Given Greek burial customs, they were placed as grave goods in the tombs of their owners, very likely without any sense that they would serve the deceased in the afterlife, in the way that is common in the funerary art of ancient Egypt or China. They do not seem to have been specially made for burial.
The "coraplasters", or sculptors of the models that provided the molds, delighted in revealing the body under the folds of a "himation" thrown round the shoulders like a cloak and covering the head, over a "chiton", and the movements of such drapery in action.
Discovery and excavation.
Tanagra was an unimportant city in antiquity. The city had come to the attention of historians and archeologists during the early 19th century after war broke out between the Turks and their allies, the British and the French, following a warning of a French invasion. Tanagra figures had not been much noted before the end of the 1860s, when ploughmen of Vratsi in Boeotia, Greece, began to uncover tombs ranging in date over many centuries. The main finds especially from the 4th and 3rd centuries BC were secured in 1874. Inside and outside the tombs of the Hellenistic period—3rd to 1st centuries BC—were many small terracotta figures. Great quantities found in excavation sites at Tanagra identified the city as the source of these figures, which were also exported to distant markets.
The figures appealed to 19th century middle-class ideals of realism, and "Tanagra figures" entered the visual repertory of Europeans. Jean-Léon Gérôme created a polychromatic sculpture depicting the spirit of Tanagra, and one French critic described the fashionable women portrayed in the statuettes as "the "parisienne" of the ancient world".
Under the pressure of collectors' demands in the late 19th century, Tanagra terracottas began to be faked.
Figurines.
Purpose.
The figures were posed in various ways to correspond to the life of the deceased. The figurines that were buried in the graves led to a theory that the small figures represented the person's possessions. They were believed by historians to bring comfort to the dead, sending them to the next world in peace as they took something from their old lives with them. It is speculated that though it was usual to place the figurines in the graves, it was not essential, as a vase would have been.
Subject matter.
These figurines represented moments in everyday life, such as a woman taking care of her children, or a child playing, as well as men and young children sitting and women playing games with other women or by themselves. 
A "Standing Youth" in Munich is a less common example of a decorative fashion figure of a man. The piece in Boston now called "Polyphemos reclining and holding a drinking bowl" combines religion and satire, as it was found at a sanctuary that held an annual festival where dramatic versions of mythological stories were performed.
Campaigns of excavation.
Initial excavations.
In 1806, Col. W.M. Leake visited the city of Tanagra and described the ruins that he had seen in detail in "Travels in Northern Greece". Cambridge scholar Christopher Wordsworth visited the city in 1832, and in 1837, H.M. Ulrichs, a German scholar, visited the site. During 1852 the French General Staff published the initial map that revealed the location of the first six graves found in the ruins.
Grave robberies.
In 1870, an outbreak of grave robberies had occurred in the ruins of the city of Tanagra. This resulted in many of the tombs being ruined due to the robbers' carelessness in excavating the graves in order to steal the Tanagra figurines. Many of the graves had vases placed on them, but the majority of them ended up broken. During 1873, a number of illegal permits had been confiscated from people in nearby villages which would have allowed them to excavate the graves. This led the Archeological Society of Athens to protect the site and begin excavation before anything else could be stolen or destroyed.
Excavation of 1874–1879.
The Archeological Society of Athens sent Panagiotis Stamatakis, a senior official, to excavate the graves that had been left intact. Before he began, he confiscated antiquities from people in nearby villages. The grave robberies had led historians to excavate the city to learn more of its culture and history, and also to discover why the figurines were mainly found in graves, and what they might have represented for the deceased. The excavations would be on and off because of the possibility of damaging any art that might be left in the intact sites. Most of the Tanagra figurines were discovered to be buried with the dead. From the excavations a large number of figurines had been found among the ruins, but no details of the exact number of figurines were released. Many were missing or had been given away. While Stamatakis and the others sent from the Archeological Society of Athens would dig during the day, the people living near the ruins would dig during the night due to the lack of guards.
In Media.
Oscar Wilde, in his novel "The Picture of Dorian Gray" (1891), has Dorian liken his love, Sybil, to "the delicate grace of the Tanagra figurine that you have in your Studio, Basil." Later, in his play "An Ideal Husband" (1895), Wilde introduces the character of Mabel Chiltern upon her entrance by stating (amongst further description), "she is really like a Tanagra statuette, and would be rather annoyed if she were told so."
The French author Paul Bourget was a collector of Tanagra figurines. He uses them as a metaphor in his novel "The Disciple" (1901).
The actress Mary Anderson when playing Galatea in "Pygmalion and Galatea" was originally going to wear a costume based on the draped Tanagra figurines. However the idea was vetoed as it would have obscured Anderson's face from the audience.

</doc>
<doc id="6984654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984654" title="Dave Ray">
Dave Ray



</doc>
<doc id="6984660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984660" title="Nardwar">
Nardwar



</doc>
<doc id="6984664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984664" title="Paul Tonko">
Paul Tonko

Paul David Tonko ( ; born June 18, 1949) is an American politician serving as the U.S. representative for since 2013. He represented the 21st congressional district from 2009 to 2013. A member of the Democratic Party, Tonko has been called a staunch progressive. After the 2020 redistricting cycle and effective for the 118th Congress, the 20th district will include all of Albany, Saratoga and Schenectady Counties as well as part of Rensselaer County.
From 1983 to 2007, Tonko represented the 105th district in the New York State Assembly. He was appointed to serve as president and CEO of the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority from 2007 until his resignation in April 2008. Soon afterward, he declared his candidacy for Congress, and was elected in November 2008.
Tonko is the ranking member of the House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Environment in the 119th Congress. Since 2013, he has been the highest-ranking Democrat on the panel, which authorizes, oversees and investigates the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
Early life, education and early career.
Tonko is a lifelong resident of Amsterdam, New York, near Schenectady, and is of primarily Polish descent. He graduated from Amsterdam's Wilbur H. Lynch High School in 1967, and received a degree in mechanical and industrial engineering from Clarkson University in Potsdam, New York in 1971.
An engineer for the New York Public Service Commission, Tonko became active in local politics in the early 1970s and successfully ran for the Montgomery County Board of Supervisors. He was a member of the board from 1976 to 1983, and the board's chairman from 1981 to 1983. Tonko was the youngest person in county history to be elected to the board of supervisors.
New York State Assembly (1983–2007).
In January 1983, Assemblywoman Gail S. Shaffer resigned her 105th district seat to take office as Secretary of State of New York. The Democratic Party, as well as the Liberal Party, nominated Tonko to contest an April 12 special election for the seat against former Schoharie County Clerk Eugene Hallock, the Republican and Conservative nominee. Tonko defeated Hallock in a close race. Tonko was reelected 13 times, serving in the Assembly until 2007.
While in the Assembly, Tonko served as chair of the Energy Committee from 1992 until his departure from the Assembly in 2007. He was also a member of standing committees on Agriculture, Transportation and Education, where he was the original sponsor and a chief proponent of the College Tuition Savings Program that was signed into law in 1997.
Tonko sponsored Timothy's Law, a 2006 law that requires health insurers to cover mental health treatment. He also sponsored the Northeast Dairy Compact, and chaired the Legislative Commission on Rural Resources,
Tonko resigned his Assembly seat in June 2007 to become President and CEO of the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority.
U.S. House of Representatives (2009–present).
Elections.
2008.
On April 25, 2008, Tonko stepped down from his position at the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority after ten-term Democratic Congressman Michael McNulty announced his upcoming retirement from Congress. He subsequently entered the race to succeed McNulty in the 21st district. Tonko won the Democratic primary on September 9, defeating four other candidates.
In the November 4 general election, Tonko defeated Republican Schenectady County Legislator James Buhrmaster by a decisive margin. According to the "Times Union", "Tonko's name recognition ... accomplishment in the Legislature, such as the passage of mental health parity legislation, and his record" contributed to his win. He had effectively clinched a seat in Congress in the primary; the 21st had long been the only safe Democratic district in the state outside the New York City, Buffalo and Rochester areas.
2010–present.
Tonko ran for reelection on the Democratic, Working Families and Independence Party lines. He was challenged by Republican and Conservative Party nominee Ted Danz, a former United States Navy Reservist and small business owner in the cooling and heating business. Tonko raised almost $980,000, and spent almost $780,000 on his campaign; Danz raised about $44,000 and spent about $42,000 on his campaign. "The New York Times" rated the seat "Solid Democratic", with a "99.8%" to "100% chance" that Tonko would win. The major issues in the 2010 race were Tonko's votes for Obamacare, the Stimulus Package (ARRA), and the Energy Bill. The "Albany Times Union" endorsed Tonko, citing "a way of thinking and speaking like the engineer that he once was" and his support of the economic stimulus bill and health care bills. Tonko won the November 2 general election, 124,889 votes to 85,752.
Redistricting saw Tonko's district renumbered the 20th district. It lost much of its more rural territory to the west. To make up for the loss in population, it was pushed further into Saratoga County. The new 20th was no less Democratic than the old 21st, and Tonko defeated Bob Dieterich in 2012, Jim Fischer in 2014, and Joe Vitollo in 2016 and 2018. He defeated Liz Joy in 2020 and 2022. He defeated Kevin Waltz in 2024.
Tenure.
Tonko was one of the 19 most liberal House members, according to the "National Journal", for 2011. He voted with President Joe Biden's stated position 100% of the time in the 117th Congress, according to a "FiveThirtyEight" analysis.
When he entered Congress, Tonko said he wanted to focus on the issue he said he knows best—energy policy. He sponsored a bill to create an $800 million research program in wind energy technologies, which would benefit GE in his district. He also wanted to create a research program to improve the efficiency of gas turbines used in power generation systems that convert heat into energy. In 2010, Tonko got a provision in a House-passed bill, following the BP disaster in the Gulf of Mexico, to prevent future spills and help small businesses in spill research. In 2011, he sponsored an amendment seeking to protect the Environmental Protection Agency's authority to regulate carbon emissions.
Tonko praised the 2011 State of the Union address, saying, "the President set out a bold agenda for our nation, an agenda that will focus on growing our economy, growing jobs, and growing opportunity for the middle class". He has also often warned of the threat that Obamacare's repeal would pose to small businesses, young people, and seniors.
Tonko has worked to raise awareness about the region's waterways, chiefly the Hudson and Mohawk rivers, and the effects of flooding after Hurricane Irene. Seeking a comprehensive flood mitigation and economic development strategy, Tonko introduced the Hudson-Mohawk Basin Act in 2012.
Tonko became a prominent opponent of the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) in 2015, citing American trade deficits and the use of child labor by at least four countries that had already signed the pact as among his reasons for opposing the deal.
In 2017, Tonko was one of three Catholic politicians whom Bishop Edward Bernard Scharfenberger of Albany publicly rebuked for participating in a rally supporting Planned Parenthood.
In January 2019, Tonko—a member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee—was named chair of that committee's Subcommittee on the Environment and Climate Change.
On October 1, 2020, Tonko co-signed a letter to Secretary of State Mike Pompeo that condemned Azerbaijan’s offensive operations against the Armenian-populated enclave of Nagorno-Karabakh, denounced Turkey’s role in the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict, and criticized "false equivalence between Armenia and Azerbaijan, even as the latter threatens war and refuses to agree to monitoring along the line of contact."
In 2022, Tonko was instrumental in passing provisions contained in the CHIPS and Science Act (PL 117-167) into law.
Syria.
In 2023, Tonko was among 56 Democrats to vote in favor of H. Con. Res. 21, which directed President Joe Biden to remove U.S. troops from Syria within 180 days.
Caucus memberships.
Tonko is a member of more than 65 House caucuses. Below is a small sample of his memberships:

</doc>
<doc id="6984667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984667" title="Embo, Sutherland">
Embo, Sutherland

Embo (, IPA:[ˈiaɾəpɔɫ̪]) is a village in the Highland Council Area in Scotland and the former postal county of Sutherland, about north-northeast of Dornoch.
On 16 July 1988, Embo declared itself independent from the rest of the United Kingdom for one day. The prime minister was Mr. Donald Ward. This was done to raise funds to convert the unused primary school in the village into a community centre.
The village issued its own currency, called the Cuddie. The rate of exchange was two Cuddies to the pound. Cuddies were accepted in the local public house, Grannies Heilan' Hame, in exchange for a measure of Clynelish Malt Whisky. The owners of the distillery, in nearby Brora, sponsored the bid for independence by issuing a commemorative label on 50 cases of Clynelish Malt Whisky – "The Spirit of Free Embo".
The Battle of Embo took place in 1245 between Scots and Vikings.
Bronze Age remains were excavated to the south of the village in 1956, other burials having previously been discovered in the area.
The school in Embo was designed by William Fowler in 1859.
Nancy Dorian's research of the local East Sutherland Gaelic dialect showed that in 1964, over 100 of the village's total population of fewer than 300 still actively spoke Gaelic, and that many more had a "smattering" or were perfect passive bilinguals. This percentage even briefly increased during the 1970s with "returners" to the village. Until the end of the 1970s at least, Embo was a bilingual Gaelic and English speaking community. Brora and Golspie had much smaller percentages of Gaelic speakers at that time.
As with the entire region of East Sutherland, the end of the 19th century and the collapse of the fishing industry coincided with the decline of Gaelic as the majority language of the people.
Embo is informally "twinned" with Kaunakakai on the island of Molokai in Hawaii.
Coul Links, an area of sand dunes protected as part of a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), lies to the north of the village. As of February 2019 a company led by American Todd Warnock is proposing to build a golf course on the links; the Scottish Government has referred the proposal to a planning inquiry, which will determine whether the development is to be permitted.
Transport.
The nearest railway stations are at Tain and Golspie, both about away.

</doc>
<doc id="6984669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984669" title="Ganjam">
Ganjam

Ganjam is a town and a notified area council in Ganjam district in the state of Odisha, India. Brahmapur, one of the major city of Odisha, is situated in this district on the eastern coastline.
Geography.
Ganjam is located at in the Ganjam district of Odisha with an elevation of 3 metres (9 feet). Ganjam's mineral-rich coast line extends over 60 km. It provides opportunities for fishing and port facility at Gopalpur for international trade. The rivers like Rushikulya, Dhanei, Bahuda, Ghoda Hada are the source of agriculture and power sectors of the town. Economic wise, Ganjam is a sub industrial town. The Chilika Lake, which attracts tourists, is known for its scenery and a bird sanctuary is situated in the eastern part of district, near the City of Ganjam. Ganjam shares its boundary with Andhra Pradesh.
A mix of moist peninsular high and low level Sal forests, tropical moist and dry deciduous and tropical deciduous forest types provide a wide range of forest products and unique lifestyle to wild life. Bhairabi, which consists of 108 temples, is a place of worship and destination for tourists. Taptapani, which consist of a hot sulphur spring that is 56 km from Berhampur, near Ganjam, is also a tourist destination. Tara Tarini Temple sits on Taratarini Hill near Angu. Solaghar, Raipur is also a destination for tourists. Twin Goddess Tara and Tarini are worshipped there. Rushikulya flows at the foot of the Taratarini Hill. The temple of the Goddess Mahuri Kalua is near a picnic spot by the same name located at the center of the town.
It has a railway station, Ganjam railway station, located along the Howrah–Chennai main line.
Demographics.
 India census, Ganjam had a population of 3529031. Ganjam has an average literacy rate of 63% while male literacy is 70%, and female literacy is 54%. Total Child Population (Age between 0–6 years)are 420158. Sex ratio is 983 and density of the overall population is 429 (persons per km2).
Economy.
The town has own international reputation for its cottage industries and handicrafts. The main crafts are brass, appliqué, bamboo craft, stone carving, wood carving, terracotta, textile toys etc. and thousands of artisans are operating individually and through co-operative societies. Cultivation is one of the major occupation in the town, which has engaged approximately 75% of the total workers. Livestock, forestry, fishing, mining, construction, trading and transport are few of the work-related categories being the source of income for another 25% of the workers. The major crops grown in the district are paddy, groundnut, cotton, sugarcane and green vegetables. The district has a prosperous live stock population and potentially is very rich in inland and brackish water fisheries. The Chilika coastal area and extended sea shore are the source of rich marine products which serves for the production of like shells and salt.
Ganjam Fort/Potagarh Fort.
Located at , the Ganjam Fort (also called Potagarh Fort) is the main spot for tourists in Ganjam. This star fort is located 8 km from Chatrapur. The fort of Potagarh was the first Collectorate complex of Ganjam. Later on it was shifted to Berhampur in 1815 and subsequently to Chhatrapur in 1835, where it is still is.
Potagarh or the "buried fort" is named as such since it is buried. It is situated at present near a village named Ganjam on the mouth of the river Rushikulya. The fort is in ruins and still it stands as the mute witness to many rulers, who have used it as their administrative Headquarters to rule over this region named in different periods as Kalinga, Dandapat, Ganjam, Chichacole Circar etc. It is not a single fort, rather a cluster of forts erected by different governments, the remnants of which tell the stories of their administrative procedures. Thus the history of Potagarh is the history of the Ganjam Collectorate that involves the history of Ganjam, Northern Circars, French Government, Madras Presidency, Bengal Presidency and the history of the East India Company as a whole.
It is said that the construction of Potagarh fort was commenced in 1768 by Edward Costford, the first Resident of Ganjam. But the star-shaped design of the fort and a very old Masjeed standing near it attest more of its Mahammadan origin than British. During the Kutabsahi rule in 17th century Ganjam was extended from Chilika to Chicacole and designated as Chicacole Circar which was the northernmost Circar of the Northern Circars and was controlled from Golconda. In 1641 a Faujdar named Mahammed Khan was appointed in Srikakulam for the first time by
Abdul Kutab Shah, the ruler of Golconda. He constructed some fine mosques at Srikakulam and Icchapuram. The old Kalinga Dandapat (Ganjam) was then divided into two divisions namely Chicacole (Srikakulam) and Icchapuram. Most probably it was Mahammed Khan who erected a fort at the present site of Potagarh for administration of Icchapuram division. Some scholars are of the opinion that the fort was erected by the Fourth Sultan Ibrahim Kutabshah.
In 1753 the Northern Circar was granted to the French and Monsieur De Bussy, the French Commander took control over Ganjam and functioned from Potagarh. He must have erected a fort there for him as well as his French people. The presence of the French people is proved by two tombs erected in the cemetery close to Potagarh in honour of two souls of French origin. in 1765, the Northern Circars were granted to English by an imperial farman. French power ended and Edward Costford was appointed as the British Resident of Ganjam in 1766 and took direct charge of Ganjam in 1768. He constructed there another fort. The fort is spread in a vast area close to the river in star-shape. Inside the compound there are three residential buildings of three different architectural designs, most probably assigned to the Mahammadans, French and British. The first one probably of Mahammadan or Kutabshahi origin is completely in ruined state. The other two are also not in so good condition. Besides, two magazine houses are there. Two passages are there in the eastern side of the compound wall opening to the river.
One was probably used as a secret passage to escape into the sea and the other for the queen to go to the river to take bath. The compound wall is about 8' thick with a moat encircling it. The fort has two nicely designed doors, one is in the front side the other one is in the back side, close to the river. The fort of Potagarh is described by the W.W.Hunter having towers in the star angles except in the east front where there is a large gateway, the walls neither under 18 nor above 22 feet in height and a ditch running in three sides in
many parts with deep water and in the fourth side defended by a thick wood which runs to 150 yards from the walls". Potagarh tells many stories of horror relating to the wrath of the fort-goddess on the ancient village of Ganjam and the escape of the king through the secret passage into the Bay
of Bengal by a boat at the time of attack. The fort Potagarh is an archaeological
asset of the state and deserves preservation.
Climate and regional setting.
Maximum summer temperature is 37 °C; minimum winter temperature is 16 °C. The mean daily temperature varies from 33 °C to 38 °C. May is the hottest month; December is the coldest. The average annual rainfall is 1250 mm and the region receives monsoon and torrential rainfall from July to October.

</doc>
<doc id="6984671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984671" title="Sunshine / At the Drive-In">
Sunshine / At the Drive-In

Sunshine / At the Drive-In is a split EP by post-hardcore bands Sunshine and At the Drive-In. It was released under the independent record label Big Wheel Recreation on April 13, 2000. It featured songs by the Czech band Sunshine and the American band At the Drive-In. It was also released on vinyl on 12-inch.
Description.
The album itself does not include a cover, but only the disc and the case.
Anchored by the much more prominent At the Drive-In, the split is actually dominated in length songs by Sunshine; their three tracks elapse almost two-thirds of the album. The first song "Streamlined", which has been described as having a steady drum beat, odd noises and echoing guitar effects, appears three times on the album; the second two being remixes of the same general loop.
For fans of At the Drive-In, this album, as well as another split they shared with Burning Airlines, gave a taste of their music from their anticipated upcoming album, "Relationship of Command".
At the Drive-In's two-song contribution bears a strong musical resemblance to their previous release, 1999's "Vaya", as well as their subsequent full-length album, "Relationship of Command". However, the split has a considerably lower level of production than "Vaya", and lacks the full sound found on "Relationship of Command", attributed to not having Ross Robinson producing it. "Extracurricular" later appeared as one of two bonus tracks on the re-release of "Relationship of Command".
Reception.
Generally, reception for the album was positive, and Matthieu Moquet of "Mowno Magazine" has called it "dark and phenomenal". Also, the two bands have been said to complement each other well on this EP. However, the third repetition of the song "Streamlined" left one critic tired of the EP, and "Sunshine / At the Drive-In" has been described as decent, but not essential.
"Sunshine / At the Drive-In" spent a total of three weeks on CMJ Radio charts, appearing first in the charts at #134 during the week of May 12, 2000. By May 29, the EP had managed to reach its peak ranking at 60.
Personnel.
Sunshine
At the Drive-In
Production Staff

</doc>
<doc id="6984680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984680" title="Anna Southerland Bissell">
Anna Southerland Bissell



</doc>
<doc id="6984684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984684" title="Pure (album)">
Pure (album)



</doc>
<doc id="6984686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984686" title="Mosty Wielkie">
Mosty Wielkie



</doc>
<doc id="6984689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984689" title="Judah the pious">
Judah the pious



</doc>
<doc id="6984697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984697" title="Ulug Bek">
Ulug Bek



</doc>
<doc id="6984701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984701" title="Peter J. Moore">
Peter J. Moore

Peter Joseph Moore (August 6, 1956 – November 11, 2023) was a Canadian music producer who was first recognized for his innovative recordings of the Cowboy Junkies, produced on a shoestring budget.
Early life.
In 1976, Peter, and a few other students, started the campus radio broadcast station CHRW-FM, while at the University of Western Ontario ("UWO") in London, Ontario. He was the on-air DJ for the new music program covering the punk rock and new wave scene.
Radio DJ.
At that time most records from the current artists were imported from England, which created a problem fulfilling the radio's "33% Canadian content" obligation. Since there were very few Canadian releases, Moore started recording the live shows of local and touring Canadian punk rock bands at his own expense and playing them on his radio show, "The Simon Less Radio Program". In 1979, while still studying for a degree in anthropology, Peter founded a record label called Silent Head Records and provided a rehearsal space in his own rented house for the local punk scene.
Producer.
By 1981, his self-taught producing/engineering skills had reached a professional level and he branched out into other forms of music such as jazz and classical. After graduating UWO in 1982, he founded MDI Productions (incorporated in 1986) and moved his operation to Toronto.
In Toronto, Moore continued to produce rock, jazz, and classical recordings as well as film and TV scores. In 1985, he was approached by Adcom Electronics, Canada’s largest professional video supplier, to create and manage a new audio division. His duties included designing and outfitting professional music, film, and television studios throughout Canada such as Film House, CBC Toronto, Pathe, Manta, CBC Montreal, Sounds Interchange, Eastern, PFA, Sound House, CBC Vancouver (exceeding sales 1.8 million in his last year, 1989).
In 1988, Moore produced the now famous one-microphone recording "The Trinity Session" by the Cowboy Junkies. The album was released in early 1988 on Latent Records in Canada, and re-released worldwide in 1989 by RCA New York City. It was recorded at Toronto, Ontario's Church of the Holy Trinity on November 27, 1987, using one ambisonic stereo microphone connected to a Beta VCR. It became an international success story selling more than 1.5 million copies in the first year. He left his employment at Adcom and has been producing, mastering and restoring music full-time ever since.
In 1993, he produced Willie P. Bennett's album "Take My Own Advice". He was the music producer/engineer/mixer for the 1996 movie "Hard Core Logo". He wrote three of the songs and co-wrote with Swamp Baby the rest of the songs acted out by Hard Core Logo to playback. His work on "Hard Core Logo" won him, and his co-writers, the Genie Award for Best Original Song at the 17th Genie Awards in 1996, for the song "Who the Hell Do You Think You Are?". He later appeared in the role of a recording engineer in the sequel "Hard Core Logo 2".
Moore was later noted as a Master at re-mastering analog media for the digital age. When a long-lost tape of Joni Mitchell's was found, her Amchitka benefit concert for the birth of Greenpeace, it was brought to Moore who "painstakingly restored each minute of the 40-year-old tapes."
A similar challenge was brought to Moore in 2013 when Garth Hudson of The Band decided it was time to digitalize the Basement Tapes which he had recorded throughout 1967 while Bob Dylan was recuperating at Big Pink after his 1966 motorcycle accident. Many poor, unofficial copies of these recordings have been released over the years but never an authoritative edition. Twenty reels of quarter-inch tape contained 138 separate performances. Moore "mastered the set, transferring the originals." Garth Hudson reported that "Peter Moore with his incredible talent ... assembled and revived tape that had been crinkled, stretched." "Several reels were mouldy and Moore had to delicately unwind and re-spool some 1,800 feet of 'very, very thin' reel-to-reel tape by hand on a few others to 'flatten them out.'" The resulting product won wide critical acclaim and Moore won a Grammy Award for Best Historical Album in February 2016.
Moore died on November 11, 2023, at the age of 67. Singer-songwriter John Borra, Moore's friend and frequent collaborator, has announced the release of the Moore tribute album "Last Dance at the E Room" in fall 2025.

</doc>
<doc id="6984704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984704" title="Yehudah he-Hasid">
Yehudah he-Hasid



</doc>
<doc id="6984707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984707" title="Ulugbeg">
Ulugbeg



</doc>
<doc id="6984708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984708" title="Yehudah He-Hasid">
Yehudah He-Hasid



</doc>
<doc id="6984711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984711" title="Sí (Juelieta Venegas)">
Sí (Juelieta Venegas)



</doc>
<doc id="6984715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984715" title="Anna S. Bissell">
Anna S. Bissell



</doc>
<doc id="6984718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984718" title="Anna Bissell">
Anna Bissell



</doc>
<doc id="6984723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984723" title="Endre Ernő Friedmann">
Endre Ernő Friedmann



</doc>
<doc id="6984728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984728" title="Upper Bagh Devi Temple">
Upper Bagh Devi Temple

Upper Bagh Devi Temple is a shrine at Kulada, Ganjam District in the Indian state of Odisha.
Temple.
The presiding deity of the temple is Bagh Devi. The temple is on a hilltop, with another shrine of Bagh Devi at the foot of the hill.

</doc>
<doc id="6984732" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984732" title="Michael Gow">
Michael Gow

Michael Gow (born 14 February 1955) is an Australian playwright and director, notable for his 1986 play "Away".
Early life.
Born in Sydney, Gow acted and directed with the Dramatic Society from 1973 to 1976 s a student at Sydney University. After graduation, Gow went on to act professionally with Nimrod, Thalia and Sydney Theatre Companies.
Career.
After Gow received notice as a playwright for "The Kid" in 1983, his play "Away" (first performed in 1986 by Sydney's Griffin Theatre Company) established him as a major Australian playwright. "Away" is the story of three Australian families who go on holiday "up the coast" for Christmas 1967 as a remedy to personal crises, whose story threads eventually interconnect. The families cross the class and social divides: one is in a smart hotel, another is at the local caravan park; another is in the throes of possible divorce. These factors are woven into a story of love and loss that allows a young boy and girl to taste first love and the pain of death while their parents cope, more or less, with the consequences. "Away" received multiple productions in Australia and internationally, and remains a landmark of Australian contemporary drama and the best of Gow's earlier work.
Other plays of the late 1980s and early 1990s include "Europe", an intriguing work as a young man and a European actress of uncertain age meet in her dressing room, "Furious" and "Sweet Phoebe".
Gow's writing for television includes the 1984 telemovie "Crime of the Decade" and a 1989 miniseries adaptation of Sumner Locke Elliott's "Edens Lost" for which he received an AFI Award for Best Screenplay in a Miniseries.
He was the artistic director at the Queensland Theatre Company from 1999 until 2010. Productions he directed for the company included "Private Fears in Public Places", "John Gabriel Borkman", "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" (2007); "The Importance of Being Earnest", Heiner Müller's "Anatomy Titus Fall of Rome: A Shakespeare Commentary", "I Am My Own Wife", (2008); "The School of Arts" and "The Crucible" (2009).
Gow had not written a full-length play for ten years while fully engaged as artistic director of Queensland Theatre Company. In 2007, his play "Toy Symphony" received its world premiere production at Sydney's Belvoir St Theatre. It was a critical and popular success, starring Richard Roxburgh in his first stage role for some years. "Toy Symphony" is a further exploration of Gow's Shire roots and much else besides. "Toy Symphony" was awarded Best New Australian Work at the 2008 Helpmann Awards, and the production was also nominated for Best Play. The production also won four Sydney Theatre Awards including Best Mainstage Production.
Gow criticised the new HSC syllabus in 2017, which had a renewed emphasis on classic works.

</doc>
<doc id="6984735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984735" title="Charles G. Callard">
Charles G. Callard

Charles "Chuck" Gordon Callard (2 June 1923 – 1 May 2004) was a prominent figure in the financial community due to his innovative application of mathematics and statistics to stock analysis. Born in Lansing, Michigan, he was a Corsair fighter pilot on an aircraft carrier while serving in the United States Navy during World War II. After his military service, Callard earned his MBA at the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business in 1943. He then taught statistics at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio for several years.
Callard worked as a securities analyst in Chicago. He then held marketing and planning positions at Armour &amp; Co. and Ball Brothers. In 1969, Callard left the corporate sector and started Callard, Madden &amp; Associates. The insights that he developed became a bridge between academic finance and the worlds of corporate finance and asset management. Callard was the first in the inflationary 1970s to adjust standard accounting data so that they would conform with the financial concepts then being developed at the Graduate School of Business. He recognized the flaws in the traditional accounting measures and developed alternative economic measures of corporate performance. He used this approach to demonstrate that the effective corporate tax rates were much higher than the legislated rates and differed greatly among firms that otherwise appeared to be subject to the same tax rates.
One of Callard's greatest contributions was to develop a systematic explanation of the cost of capital for individual firms. The cost of capital for all firms varied in response to changes in the national inflation rate and to changes in corporate tax rates. The cost of capital for individual firms was affected by the levels and the rates of growth of their anticipated profits and by the variability of their cash flows. Similarly a cost of capital could be assigned to each of the business units within a firm.
Callard's insights extended to capital structure; he distinguished between the costs of debt capital and the costs of equity capital, which varied extensively relative to each other over the phases of the business and economic cycle. While each firm was a price-taker in the capital market, each could affect its aggregate cost of capital by altering the shares of debt and of equity in its capital structure. Some firms were too extensively leveraged and could reduce their costs of capital by reducing the debt component of their capital structure while other firms could reduce their costs of capital by increasing the debt component.
Chuck Callard died in 2004.
A group study room was dedicated in his memory at the Booth School of Business.

</doc>
<doc id="6984736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984736" title="P-SOL">
P-SOL



</doc>
<doc id="6984738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984738" title="Intrados">
Intrados



</doc>
<doc id="6984743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984743" title="Partido Socialismo e Liberdade">
Partido Socialismo e Liberdade



</doc>
<doc id="6984756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984756" title="Rubab (instrument)">
Rubab (instrument)

The rubab (, ) or robab is a lute-like musical instrument of Central Asian origin. It is the national musical instrument of Afghanistan and is also commonly played in India and Pakistan, mostly by Balochis and Kashmiris, and Punjabis.
Variants of the rubab include the "Kabuli rebab" of Afghanistan, the Uyghur "rawap" of Xinjiang, the "Pamiri rubab" of Tajikistan, and the North Indian "seni rebab". The instrument and its variants spread throughout West, Central, South and Southeast Asia.
The Kabuli rebab from Afghanistan derives its name from the Arabic "rebab" and is played with a bow while in Central Asia and the Indian subcontinent, the instrument is plucked and is distinctly different in construction.
Components.
In detail about the strings:
Construction.
The body is carved out of a single piece of wood, with a head covering a hollow bowl which provides the sound-chamber. The bridge sits on the skin and is held in position by the tension of the strings. It has three melody strings tuned in fourths, two or three drone strings and up to 15 sympathetic strings. The instrument is made from the trunk of a mulberry tree, the head from an animal skin such as goat, and the strings from the intestines of young goats (gut) or nylon.
History.
The earliest historical record of an instrument named "rabab" dates back to 10th-century Arabic texts, as identified by Henry George Farmer. This instrument, along with its variations like "rubab", "rebab", and "rabob", subsequently gained popularity in various regions of West, Central, South, and Southeast Asia. It is mentioned in old Persian books, and many Sufi poets mention it in their poems. It is the traditional instrument of Khorasan present Afghanistan and is widely used in countries such as Pakistan, Azerbaijan, Iran, Turkey, Iraq, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan, as well as in the Xinjiang province of northwest China and the Jammu and Kashmir and Punjab regions of northwest India.
The "rubab" is known as "the lion of instruments" and is one of the two national instruments of Afghanistan (with the "zerbaghali"). Classical Afghan music often features this instrument as a key component. Elsewhere it is known as the "Kabuli rebab" in contrast to the "Seni rebab" of India. In appearance, the Kabuli rubab looks slightly different from the Indian rubab. It is the ancestor of the north Indian "sarod", although unlike the sarod, it is fretted.
The rubab was the first instrument used in Sikhism; it was used by Bhai Mardana, companion of the first guru, Guru Nanak. Whenever a "shabad" was revealed to Guru Nanak he would sing and Bhai Mardana would play on his rubab; he was known as a rababi. The rubab playing tradition is carried on by Sikhs such as Namdharis.
In 2024, UNESCO recognised the art of creating the rubab as an Intangible cultural heritage in Afghanistan, Iran, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan.
Variants.
In northern India, the seni rebab, which emerged during the Mughal Empire, has "a large hook at the back of its head, making it easier for a musician to sling it over the shoulder and play it even while walking."
The Sikh rabab was traditionally a local Punjabi variant known as the 'Firandia' rabab (Punjabi: ਫਿਰੰਦੀਆ ਰਬਾਬ "Phiradī'ā rabāba"), however Baldeep Singh, an expert in the Sikh musical tradition, challenges this narrative.
In Tajikistan a similar but somewhat distinct "rubab-i-pamir" (Pamiri rubab) is played, employing a shallower body and neck. The "rubab" of the Pamir area has six gut strings, one of which, rather than running from the head to the bridge, is attached partway down the neck, similar to the fifth string of the American banjo.

</doc>
<doc id="6984757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984757" title="Velo'v">
Velo'v



</doc>
<doc id="6984771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984771" title="Thomas Jefferson High School (Jefferson Hills, Pennsylvania)">
Thomas Jefferson High School (Jefferson Hills, Pennsylvania)

Thomas Jefferson High School is an American public secondary school that is located in Jefferson Hills, Pennsylvania. It is part of the West Jefferson Hills School District which includes West Elizabeth, Jefferson Hills, and Pleasant Hills. These communities have a combined population of 15,000.
History.
Before additions, Thomas Jefferson Junior High was dedicated during an opening ceremony that was officiated bt Superintendent Alfred W. Beattie. Architect Joseph Hoover designed the building. It then became a high school in 1957 with the additions of an auditorium, gymnasium, and thirty-seven new classrooms. During this time, students in grades eight through twelve were educated inside this building; this changed when a new middle school was built in 1965.
The high school building subsequently underwent multiple renovations, including an addition in 1990 and a new stadium in 2000.
In 2015, school district officials authorized the design of a new building; the new facility was slated to be a red brick building modeled in the style of Monticello. Construction costs were initially estimated at $100 million. It opened in 2019.
A mural with a large portrait of Thomas Jefferson was commissioned by TJ Arts for the building's atrium. It was created by Dennis Stocke, a local artist and art teacher at Boyce Middle School in the Upper St. Clair School District.
As of 2024, the original high school building has been demolished and in its place is more parking for the stadium.
Extracurricular activities.
The high school offers a variety of clubs and activities. The Thomas Jefferson American football team won the WPIAL Class AAA Championships in 1980 at Pitt Stadium, in 2004, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2019, and 2020 at Heinz Field and Class AAAA Champions in 2024 at Norwin High School. In addition, in 2004, 2007, 2008, 2019, and 2020 the team won the PIAA State Championship in Hershey.
The school newspaper is called the "Statesman". The yearbook is titled the "Monticello" and the literary magazine is named the "Spectrum" and features fictional submissions written and submitted by actual students and teachers.
"The Pride of Jefferson Hills, Pleasant Hills, and West Elizabeth", The Thomas Jefferson band consists of approximately 150 members from Band, Cologuard and Majorettes. Directed by James Mirabella of Steubenville, Ohio, originally from West Virginia, the band is a staple of Football Halftime Shows and Band Festivals in the Pittsburgh area. The band was featured as the WPXI Band of the week in 1998 and at the half time show of the Pittsburgh Steelers and Baltimore Ravens AFC divisional playoff in 2011. The band also goes on a Disney trip every other year.
The theater program has also won Gene Kelly Awards in 2022, 2023 and 2024.

</doc>
<doc id="6984788" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984788" title="A1101 road">
A1101 road

The A1101 is the lowest road in Great Britain; for the whole length of the road, it rarely rises above sea level. It is also the longest 4 digit A road in Great Britain at .
Route.
The road runs from Bury St Edmunds north west to Littleport where it disappears for approximately , it then re-appears on the other side of the A10 heading north through Wisbech and to its end at the A17 in Long Sutton. The A1101's route takes it across the Fens in Lincolnshire and Norfolk, a low-lying area to Suffolk through Cambridgeshire. It is the main road for access between Lincolnshire and the Fenlands and the only road to directly link Suffolk with Lincolnshire. The stretch between Wisbech and Long Sutton was previously designated the A150.
From Outwell north, where the western terminus of the A1122 is at, the road is classified as a primary route. At Welney, the road often floods, causing it to be closed for 70 days in 2007. The Environment Agency said that "The A1101 road is on a causeway across the flood area and was expected to be under water at times." When the road across the Ouse Washes is closed by flooding, it is a 22-mile detour.
Major junctions.
It crosses the following major roads (from N to S):
Road safety.
The A1101 has a poor road safety record as reported by EuroRAP. In 2006, the road was featured in the AA Motoring Trust/EuroRAP list of Most Dangerous Roads in Britain (excluding motorcycle accidents). The 21 km stretch of single-carriageway road between Outwell (A1122) – Long Sutton (A17) suffered 24 fatal and serious injury accidents between 2002 and 2004. This stretch of the road is currently rated as being of medium-high risk.

</doc>
<doc id="6984790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984790" title="Courageous Resister Award">
Courageous Resister Award



</doc>
<doc id="6984795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984795" title="The In-Kraut, Vol. 2">
The In-Kraut, Vol. 2

The In-Kraut, Vol. 2: Hip-Shaking Grooves Made in Germany 1967-1974 is the second volume in the In-Kraut series that was released by Marina Records on compact disc and double vinyl in October 2006.
The album is a collection of obscuro German pop rarities, collected from various soundtracks and singles by artists who never intended to have their music released outside Germany. It includes an early track by Krautrock band Can under the name The Inner Space, featuring the vocals of German actress, model, and author , from 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="6984797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984797" title="Father and son Isabey">
Father and son Isabey



</doc>
<doc id="6984809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984809" title="Manci Maria Malvina (or Malwina) Gertler">
Manci Maria Malvina (or Malwina) Gertler



</doc>
<doc id="6984813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984813" title="Lady Mary Dering">
Lady Mary Dering

Lady Mary Dering (née Mary Harvey; baptised 3 September 1629 – 7 February 1704) was an English composer of the Baroque period. Three of her songs were included in the "Select Ayres and Dialogues (1655)", a collection published by Dering's teacher Henry Lawes.
Life.
The daughter of Daniel Harvey and Elizabeth Kynnersley, Mary Harvey was baptised in Croydon on 3 September 1629, and therefore probably born within a day or two of that. Daniel Harvey was a wealthy London merchant and member of the Levant Company, his eldest brother being the anatomist William Harvey.
Mary Harvey was sent to Mrs. Salmon's school in Hackney, London, where her friends included Mary Aubrey (later her sister-in-law, and niece of John Aubrey) and poet Katherine Philips ("the Matchless Orinda"). In 1645, she married her cousin and father's former apprentice, William Hauke; this was without her father's consent, and it was quickly annulled. The man her father arranged for her to marry, and whom she did on 5 April 1648, was Sir Edward Dering. The marriage turned out well; the couple produced seventeen children (seven of whom died young), as well as poems and music. Despite bearing so many children, Dering outlived her husband by twenty years, dying in February 1704 (1705 New Style); she also outlived her eldest son Sir Edward Dering, 3rd Baronet.
Dering studied music with the composer Henry Lawes. Lawes dedicated his "Second book of airs" to her, declaring that:
I have consider’d, but could not find it lay in my power to offer this Book to any but to your Ladiship. Not only in regard of that honour and esteem you have for Musick, but because those Songs which fill this Book have receiv’d much lustre by your excellent performance of them; and (which I confesse I rejoice to speak of) some which I esteem the best of these Ayres, were of your own Composition, after your Noble Husband was pleased to give the Words. For (although your Ladiship resolv’d to keep it private) I beg leave to declare, for my own honour, that you are not only excellent for the time you spent in the practise of what I set, but are your self so good a Composer, that few of any sex have arriv’d to such perfection.
The only works of hers which survive are the three songs that Lawes published in this volume - incidentally, the first published music by a female composer in England. The songs are titled "When First I Saw Fair Doris' Eyes", "And is this All? What One Poor Kiss?", and "A False Designe to be Cruel" ("In vain fair Chloris"). Her music fits stylistically within the mid-seventeenth century Baroque tradition, and is noticeably influenced by the work of Lawes.
Dering was buried at Pluckley in Kent, and has a memorial inscription in the church there.

</doc>
<doc id="6984831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984831" title="La Belle Province">
La Belle Province



</doc>
<doc id="6984847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984847" title="ISOTYPE">
ISOTYPE



</doc>
<doc id="6984859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984859" title="Temperature record since 1880">
Temperature record since 1880



</doc>
<doc id="6984860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984860" title="Australian Aboriginal Pidgin English">
Australian Aboriginal Pidgin English

Australian Aboriginal Pidgin English is any of a number of English contact pidgins spoken or once spoken in Australia:

</doc>
<doc id="6984862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984862" title="Itinerants">
Itinerants



</doc>
<doc id="6984863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984863" title="Exile (Aloud album)">
Exile (Aloud album)

Exile is the name of Aloud's third full-length studio album, after 2008's "Fan The Fury", and their first release since the 2009 live EP "Live 2009". It is the first studio album recorded by Aloud's principal members Henry Beguiristain and Jen de la Osa without Aloud's original rhythm section.
Released in October 2010, "Exile" signaled a dramatic shift in the band's sound, opting for a drastically pared-down sound and ornate arrangements. The majority of the album was recorded by Jen de la Osa, Henry Beguiristain, and producer Daniel Nicholas Daskivich. Inspiration was drawn from the memoir of exiled Cuban writer Reinaldo Arenas, Before Night Falls (notably the songs "The Urgent Letter", "A Line of Lights", and "To Die at Sea") as well as Jen and Henry's respective histories as children of Cuban exiles.
"Exile" was recorded and produced by Daniel Nicholas Daskivich and released under the Lemon Merchant Records label. A large portion of the album was financed through fan funding. Many guests on the record were once touring members of the band, including current bassist Charles Murphy.
Critical response to "Exile" was largely positive. DigBoston said "Exile" "provides a graduation for those who wanted to see Aloud expand". The Boston Globe called it Aloud's "most expansive, sophisticated, and stylistically diverse work to date."
For the album's fifth anniversary, Aloud released a version of "Darkest Days" remixed by Charles Newman. The single was accompanied by a clip from an upcoming documentary, "Be Free of Your Past", detailing the making of the album.
Since its national debut, the song "Counterfeit Star" serves as the theme song to the WGBH (FM) produced program "Innovation Hub", distributed by Public Radio International. Several songs from "Exile" have also appeared on WGBH programming.
Tour.
The "Exile" tour is Aloud's most extensive to date, lasting from October 2010 – January 2011 (Leg 1) and February - March 2011 (Leg 2). The tour began at the 2010 CMJ Music Marathon in New York and criss-crossed 42 U.S. states (including a stop at SXSW). Many of the songs on "Exile" were rearranged for a live setting, most notably the string-laden "To Die at Sea". Two songs from "Fan The Fury" ("Julie" and "The Last Time") were rearranged and performed on the tour. The updated version of "The Last Time" (the "campfire version") opened nearly all of the shows, and was eventually released as a digital single in July 2011.
The final leg included a stop at South By Southwest 2011. The "Exile" tour concluded on March 29, 2011 in Greenville, NC.
Track listing.
Exile [backer bonus tracks].
A digital EP was released exclusively to the album's Kickstarter backers on August 10, 2010.
Personnel.
Aloud
Additional personnel

</doc>
<doc id="6984866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984866" title="Ameritrust">
Ameritrust



</doc>
<doc id="6984867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984867" title="Mary Harvey Dering">
Mary Harvey Dering



</doc>
<doc id="6984868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984868" title="List of cities with defensive walls">
List of cities with defensive walls

The following cities have, or historically had, defensive walls.
Africa.
Egypt.
See List of Egypt castles, forts, fortifications and city walls.
Americas.
Panama.
Old Quarter of Panama City (a portion of the Wall still exists)
Asia.
Indonesia.
Pakuan Pajajaran, the capital of the Sunda Kingdom, was surrounded by defensive moats and walls. Now the area is part of the modern city of Bogor.
An 18th century wall made by Hamengkubuwono the 1st from the Ngayogyakarta Hadiningrat Kingdom to protect the inner capital city from the Dutch and other enemies during the Mataram Kingdom period. Today, 96% of the wall still exists and is a local landmark.
On 17 February 1745, the Surakarta Kingdom moved to a new opened forest named Sala Village and build their Royal Residential Palace and urban area with a 15 kilometers long of "Beteng Kraton" or Palace wall around it. As of 2022, 90% of the city walls still remain.
Well known as Banten Kingdom's capital. The wall was destroyed by the Dutch during its colonial period in the way to ended the Banten reign. The city wall that left is only about 10% from the real appearance.
Trowulan was the capital of the former Majapahit Empire. When its glory period, the capital being a first European systemized ancient city (with city canal system for transportation and also large aisle and road for major transportation) in Indonesia, because Trowulan was developed in Majapahit's glory period in 13th–15th century.
The wall was protecting the inner "Kraton" or royal palace and some important places. Today the wall can't be seen as the original appearance.
Pakistan.
Almost every old city in Pakistan had a defensive wall. Much of these walls were destroyed by the British in order to refortify the cities. Few cities which were fortified are:
Taiwan.
Some other towns were fortified with thorny bamboo in the Qing era.
Europe.
Greece.
Many towns and cities still retain at least parts of their defensive walls, including:

</doc>
<doc id="6984876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984876" title="Mary Dering">
Mary Dering



</doc>
<doc id="6984883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984883" title="Islam Pir">
Islam Pir



</doc>
<doc id="6984898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984898" title="The Green Meadow">
The Green Meadow

"The Green Meadow" is a short story by H. P. Lovecraft and Winifred V. Jackson written in 1918/1919 and published in the spring 1927 issue of "The Vagrant". As in their other collaboration, "The Crawling Chaos", both authors used pseudonyms — the tale was published as by "Elizabeth Neville Berkeley" (Jackson) and "Lewis Theobald, Jun." (Lovecraft). Lovecraft wrote the entire text but Jackson is credited since it was based on a dream she had experienced.
Plot.
In 1913, near the (fictional) seaside village of Potowonket, Maine, a meteorite crashes into the sea. A fishing vessel hauls in the meteor, and scientists soon examine it. Within the meteor is a small notebook, made of some indestructible material and written in classical Greek. The notebook is the first-person account of a man trapped on a small, disintegrating island who seems threatened by shadowy forces and ultimately discovers Stethelos, a city from Lovecraft's Dream Cycle Mythos.
Connections.
The city Stethelos is also mentioned in the short story "The Quest of Iranon".
Reprints.
The tale was published in "Beyond the Wall of Sleep" (Arkham House, 1943). The corrected text is collected in Lovecraft's revisions volume "The Horror in the Museum and Other Revisions" (Arkham House, 1970).

</doc>
<doc id="6984899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984899" title="Valley Stream Memorial Junior High School">
Valley Stream Memorial Junior High School



</doc>
<doc id="6984900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984900" title="Wringer (magic trick)">
Wringer (magic trick)

The Wringer (also known as the "wringer box illusion" or "mangle box") is a stage magic trick. The magician places an assistant (or a shill from the audience) into a large box with a set of rollers at the front. The magician turns a crank, and the assistant emerges through the rollers, now appearing flat as a pancake. The magician then opens the front of the box, revealing it to be empty. Although not always necessary, the magician may later restore the assistant to their original form. This trick can also be performed with small animals, such as ducks or rabbits.

</doc>
<doc id="6984908" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984908" title="Thermomigration">
Thermomigration



</doc>
<doc id="6984914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984914" title="Valley Stream Central High School District">
Valley Stream Central High School District

The Valley Stream Central High School District is a public central high school district in New York State that serves about 4500 students in most of the village of Valley Stream, most of South Valley Stream, and most of North Valley Stream as well as parts of Elmont, Franklin Square, and Malverne in Nassau County. It is one of only three central high school districts in New York State. There is a nine-member Board of Education which is composed of three appointees from each of the Elementary District Boards (13,24,30).
Schools.
The district operates four schools, all of them secondary schools. Two are 7-12 schools that have both junior high school and senior high school (grades 7-12): Valley Stream North High School and Valley Stream South High School (7–12). Valley Stream Central High School has only senior high school grades (10-12). Valley Stream Memorial Junior High School only has junior high school grades (7-9).
Valley Stream Memorial Junior High School.
Valley Stream Memorial Junior High School is the sole junior high school-only campus (grades 7–9). Students attend classes from 7:50AM (Start of Period One) to 2:43PM (End of Period Nine) Most students go to Valley Stream Central High School when finished with their 9th grade year. The school offers many clubs and extracurricular activities in various interest fields such as art, academia, sports, and social fields.
Demographics.
On December 3, 2006, "Newsday" reported that of 4,566 students, 55.5% are white, 16.3% are black 16.3% are Hispanic and 12.0% are "other."
Feeder schools.
Students from the following grade K–6 elementary school districts graduate to attend schools in the Valley Stream Central High School District:

</doc>
<doc id="6984915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984915" title="Fukasaku Kenta">
Fukasaku Kenta



</doc>
<doc id="6984918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984918" title="Galena High School (Nevada)">
Galena High School (Nevada)

Galena High School is a public secondary school in Southwest Reno, Nevada that is a part of the Washoe County School District. The school mascot is the Grizzly Bear, and the school's colors are black and gold. Their sports teams are known as the "Galena Grizzlies".
Galena has been accredited by the Northwest Association of Accredited Schools.
Academics.
Galena's academic program has been noted by Newsweek as one of the top 500 high schools in the country, ranking at 474th out of the entire nation.
AP Classes.
Advanced Placement classes are usually taken by students at Galena in their junior and senior years, but some may even take them in their sophomore year. The classes have very high pass rates on the AP exams when compared to the rest of the school district. Many students take the AP classes at Galena because of the high quality of the education.
The following Advanced Placement classes are available at Galena:
Athletics.
Since its founding in 1992, Galena has gone on to win either a league, regional or state championship in every sport played at the school. The Grizzlies used to belong to the High Desert League of the Northern Nevada 4A Region, until the realignment of the 2 leagues in the summer of 2008. They are now part of the Sierra League of the Northern Nevada 4A Region. They completed the first ever Northern Nevada 4A Region Triple Crown in 2007 after winning the football, basketball, and baseball titles.
Basketball.
The 2007 Grizzlies boys basketball team brought home the school's first state championship with a 54–51 win over Mojave High School of North Las Vegas. The game, which gave Northern Nevada back-to-back state titles for the first time in over 60 years (the Reno Huskies won the 2006 championship), was played at the Orleans Arena inside the Orleans Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas on February 23, 2007. After winning the state championship, junior forward Luke Babbitt verbally committed to play Division I NCAA basketball for the Ohio State Buckeyes, beginning with the 2008–2009 season. However, in June 2007, Babbitt de-committed from Ohio State and decided to stay home to play for the Nevada Wolf Pack.
Luke Babbit left the Nevada Wolf Pack before his junior year to be eligible for the NBA draft. On June 24, 2010, Luke was the 16th overall draft pick in the first round by the Minnesota Timberwolves. He was traded to the Portland Trail Blazers where he played as a Small Forward.
Cross Country.
The 2007 boys cross country team brought home the school's second state championship, the first since 2001. The team won eleven of the fourteen races they competed in. These included victories at the prestigious Nevada Union Invite and the Stanford Division Two Invitational. They took second at the Mount San Antonio Invite to Barstow, CA, in the process defeating #9 in the South West Region (UT, CO, NV, AZ, NM) Rio Ricco. Flying under the regional and national radar for most of the season, the team then debuted in the regional rankings at #7. The team won regionals over five time defending state champion Reno High School easily, winning with a final margin of 26 to 72. The next week the team again overwhelmed the rest of Nevada in the 4A state championships winning 82 to 39. Nine points off the state record of 30 set by Reno. At the Southwest Regional Championships hosted by Nike, the team took third. Defeating #6 in the nation and Colorado 5A Champions Wheat Ridge High School and #18 Timpview High School. They were 19 points short of defeating #3 in the nation Albuquerque Academy and #8 Los Alamos High School, both of New Mexico. The team received an invite to the Nike Team National Championships, which took place December 1 in Portland, Oregon. They were 1 of 18 teams to be invited, with the top 4 being selected. On November 23 the team cracked the Super Harrier 25, debuting at #20 in the nation. They would sadly be passed over for a berth to Nike Team Nationals. Nike would instead select Rogers, of Arkansas, the class 7A champions who won their state meet with a score of 16 points, but still outside of the top 25. After Nike Team Nationals which Galena was excluded from, Galena moved up to #16, ahead of Rogers and every bubble team taken before them. Academy and Los Alamos would finish the season #2 and #3 in the nation respectively. The No. 16 rank is the best finish by Galena High School and by any Nevada team in cross country history.
Football.
Galena's football program was notorious for their terrible record for nearly the first decade of the school's existence. The Grizzlies were a regular favorite for other schools to play at their homecoming games because it usually meant an easy victory for the home team, since then the team has gone on be one of the better high schools in the valley, winning a league championship. In 2006, under Steve Struzyk as head coach, the Grizzlies lost in the NIAA State Championship game to Las Vegas High School, 33–6. Struzyk retired in 2018 and was replaced by Hank Roberts. Roberts led the Grizzlies to a rough 2–8 season, with a playoff appearance, but Roberts was fired in the following offseason, sparking some controversy in the media, as the firing was done privately, with little reason given. The Grizzlies announced Aaron Cook would take over the program in the 2019 season, his first head coaching job.

</doc>
<doc id="6984920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984920" title="Naomi C. Earp">
Naomi C. Earp

Naomi Churchill Earp (born February 1950) is an American lawyer and government official from Maryland and Virginia. From 2007 to 2009 she served as chair of the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, where she established the Youth At Work Program. She was designated by President George W. Bush in 2006, succeeding Cari M. Dominguez. Prior to her appointment as Chair, she had served as vice chair of the commission since 2003. 
Early life and education.
A native of Newport News, Virginia, Ms. Earp received her bachelor's degree from Norfolk State University, Norfolk, Virginia; master's degree from Indiana University Bloomington; and Juris Doctor from Catholic University's Columbus School of Law, Washington, DC. Earp studied social work as an undergraduate, which she credits with inspiring her to go into civil rights advocacy.
Some report she is a member of the Supreme Court Bar and the Pennsylvania Bar, but she is not listed as either an active or inactive member of that bar.
Federal service.
Earp began her career as a civil rights specialist for the Economic Development Administration from 1976 to 1979. In 1981, she became an investigator for veterans reemployment rights at the Department of Labor, serving until 1983. From 1985 to 1986, Earp served as an EEO manager for the United States Naval District of Washington. From 1986 to 1987, Earp was attorney for the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) from 1986 to 1987.
Earp joined the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) in 1987 as Associate Director of the Office of Advocacy and Enterprise, serving in the position until 1990. She served in the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) as a temporary EEO specialist from 1991 to 1993. In 1994, Earp became Director of the Office of Equal Employment at the National Institutes of Health (NIH), serving in this capacity until 2003.
EEOC and the Trump Administration.
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC).
From 2007 to 2009, Earp served as chair of the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, where she established the Youth At Work Program. She was designated by President George W. Bush in 2006, succeeding Cari M. Dominguez. Prior to her appointment as Chair, she had served as vice chair of the commission since 2003. During Earp's tenure as EEOC chair, the agency filed suit against Walgreens over alleged racial discrimination.
Post-EEOC career.
Earp became Director of the Office of Opportunity, Inclusiveness and Compliance at the Library of Congress from 2009 to 2011. She retired from federal service in 2011 and got involved in state service in 2012. From 2012 to 2013 she served as the equal employment opportunity labor relations coordinator and became supervisor of the labor relations division for the city of Memphis, Tennessee. From 2013 to 2014 she served as the Director of the Workforce Investment Network. From 2015 to 2016 she served as Director for Workforce Development at Southwest Tennessee Community College.
Trump Administration.
On February 13, 2018, U.S. President Donald Trump selected Earp for Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights at the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). While still waiting for Senate confirmation, she was appointed as Deputy Assistant Secretary on January 28, 2019, after taking the oath of office for that subordinate position. 
Earp received criticism from members of the Senate for using the term "silliness" to describe sexual harassment. Earp responded by saying "I probably shouldn't have described sexual harassment as 'silliness,' although it is on a continuum". On January 3, 2020, absent a vote in the full Senate, the Senate returned her nomination to the President and, amidst numerous pending EEO complaints and an independent management inquiry, she resigned effective January 31, 2020.
Personal life.
Earp is the widow of Samuel Earp, and mother of one son, Nathan.

</doc>
<doc id="6984925" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984925" title="Tropical Storm Helene 2006">
Tropical Storm Helene 2006



</doc>
<doc id="6984926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984926" title="Italian Villa style">
Italian Villa style



</doc>
<doc id="6984927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984927" title="Souvenirs (album)">
Souvenirs (album)



</doc>
<doc id="6984939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984939" title="Interesterification">
Interesterification



</doc>
<doc id="6984940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984940" title="Valley Stream Central High School">
Valley Stream Central High School

Valley Stream Central High School is a public senior high school (grades 10–12) in the Incorporated Village of Valley Stream in Nassau County, on the South Shore of Long Island, in New York, United States. It is part of the Valley Stream Central High School District. Candace Hugee has been the Principal since 2023. According to "U.S. News &amp; World Report", Central is the top performing High School in the District with the ranking of #103 in New York State compared to North's #138 and South's #131. Central has a graduation rate of above 95% and was recently recognized by New York State for having one of the highest graduation rates among men of color.
As of the 2022–23 school year, the school had an enrollment of 1,078 students and 78.6 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 13.7:1. There were 420 students (39.0% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 43 (4.0% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
History.
Valley Stream Central High School opened in 1928. The art deco school was designed by Frederic P. Wiedersum, the founder of the Valley Stream-based architectural firm, Frederic P. Wiedersum Associates.
Performing arts program.
Valley Stream Central High School is the only school in the Valley Stream Central High School District to house a performing arts program. The program, which is led by the District's "Fine and Performing Arts Department" director Adam Erdos offers students across the District grades 9–12 to take courses such as Theatre Arts, Dance, Voice Theatre, Dance Theatre, Acting, Musical Theatre, and Video Technology. The program is offered to students at Valley Stream North High School, Valley Stream South High School and Valley Stream Memorial Junior High School as well as Central students. To enter the program, one must fill in an application, which is provided on the District's website. Students from the other three schools are at Central for a portion of their day and then are either bussed or walk to their home school for the rest of their academic classes. The Performing Arts Program often puts on Dance Concerts and Showcases at Central's Bert Keller Auditorium, these performances are at night and are open to the public.
Career prep program.
The Valley Stream Central High School District offers a wide variety of Career Prep Programs to its thousands of students, but similarly to Performing Arts, some of these programs are exclusively offered at Central. For example, Central is the only school in the district to house the Culinary Program and the Cosmetology Program. Other Career Prep Programs that students can take are Business and Technology classes and some Central students are a part of the Nassau County BOCES program, which provides vocational training at a different location.

</doc>
<doc id="6984946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984946" title="Interesterified oil">
Interesterified oil



</doc>
<doc id="6984949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984949" title="Italian roof">
Italian roof



</doc>
<doc id="6984956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984956" title="Valley Stream North High School">
Valley Stream North High School

Valley Stream North High School (also known as North High School and abbreviated VSNHS) is a combined public junior and senior high school located in the hamlet of Franklin Square in southwestern Nassau County, on Long Island, in New York, United States.
Overview.
Valley Stream North High School is one of three high schools in the Valley Stream Central High School District. Like Valley Stream South High School, Valley Stream North High School is a combined junior-senior high school that educates grades seven through twelve. Students who attend Valley Stream North High School are mainly graduates of the local Franklin Square, North Valley Stream, and Elmont elementary schools, including Willow Road Elementary School, James A. Dever Elementary School, and Howell Road Elementary School. Students who attend Valley Stream North High School reside in either Franklin Square, Malverne, North Valley Stream, or Elmont. Valley Stream North High School is known to the local population simply as "North."
As of the 2014–15 school year, the school had an enrollment of 1,281 students and 95.8 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 13.4:1. There were 178 students (13.9% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 43 (3.4% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
History.
Valley Stream North High School was built in 1955 – at the same time as South High School. Both schools are similar in architecture and were designed by Valley Stream-based Frederic P. Wiedersum Associates.

</doc>
<doc id="6984959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984959" title="Interesterified">
Interesterified



</doc>
<doc id="6984965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984965" title="Heartworm (album)">
Heartworm (album)

Heartworm is an album by the Irish rock band Whipping Boy, released on 1 November 1995 on Columbia Records. It was recorded between September and November 1994 in Windmill Lane Studios, Dublin.
"Heartworm" was voted the seventh best Irish album of all time in a 2005 poll by the Irish magazine "Hot Press". On 17 March 2013, it topped Phantom FM's poll of the top 50 Irish albums of all time.
Release.
The album was reissued on 3 September 2021 by Pete Paphides' Needle Mythology label on double LP and double CD, both formats containing an extra 10 B-sides and demos. Pre-orders announced in July included an art print signed by Page, McDonnell and Hassett. The double LP sold out almost immediately during the pre-order, prompting a second pressing. The first pressing made "Heartworm" chart for the first time in the Official Irish Albums Chart Top 50 (at number 8 on week ending 16 September 2021), with the album re-entering at number 4 in January 2022.

</doc>
<doc id="6984978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984978" title="Mary Harvey (disambiguation)">
Mary Harvey (disambiguation)

Mary Harvey (born 1965) is an American soccer goalkeeper.
Mary Harvey may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6984989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984989" title="Lady Dering">
Lady Dering



</doc>
<doc id="6984995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984995" title="Ivories">
Ivories

Ivories may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6985007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985007" title="Submarine (Whipping Boy album)">
Submarine (Whipping Boy album)

Submarine is the debut album by the Irish rock group Whipping Boy, released in July 1992 on the Liquid Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="6985011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985011" title="Proserpine">
Proserpine

Proserpine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6985012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985012" title="Follow-on offering">
Follow-on offering

A follow-on offering, also known as a follow-on public offering (FPO), is a type of public offering of stock that occurs subsequent to the company's initial public offering (IPO).
A follow-on offering can be categorised as dilutive or non-dilutive. In the case of the dilutive offering, the company's board of directors agrees to increase the share float for the purpose of selling more equity in the company. This new inflow of cash might be used to pay off some debt or used for needed company expansion. When new shares are created and then sold by the company, the number of shares outstanding increases and this causes dilution of the earnings per share. Usually the gain of cash inflow from the sale is strategic and is considered positive for the longer-term goals of the company and its shareholders. Some owners of the stock however may not view the event as favorably over a more short term valuation horizon.
One example of a type of follow-on offering is an at-the-market offering (ATM offering), which is sometimes called a controlled equity distribution. In an ATM offering, exchange-listed companies incrementally sell newly issued shares into the secondary trading market through a designated broker-dealer at prevailing market prices. The issuing company is able to raise capital on an as-needed basis with the option to refrain from offering shares if unsatisfied with the available price on a particular day.
The non-dilutive type of follow-on offering is when privately held shares are offered for sale by company directors or other insiders (such as venture capitalists) who may be looking to diversify their holdings. Because no new shares are created, the offering is not dilutive to existing shareholders, but the proceeds from the sale do not benefit the company in any way. Usually however, the increase in available shares allows more institutions to take non-trivial positions in the company. A non-dilutive offering is therefore a type of a secondary market offering.
As with an IPO, the investment banks who are serving as underwriters of the follow-on offering will often be offered the use of a greenshoe or over-allotment option by the selling company.

</doc>
<doc id="6985013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985013" title="Lika MC">
Lika MC

Lika MC (also called Lika Star, real name Lika Olegovna Pavlova, ) is a Russian female techno/rap singer and a DJ. Lika MC is part of the girl-dominated techno scene phenomena in post-USSR Russia.
Born Lika Pavlova in Lithuania, she started working as a DJ at the age of 15, using the stage name Lika MC. She followed with composing and mixing her own songs in 1990, which ended in the release of her debut album "Lika Rap". In 1992, her single "Let it Rain" was chosen for a two-week run on MTV. After that Lika changed her name to Lika Star, and continued recording under the new alias. Her last album "More than Love" was released in 1997.
In 2002, magazine interview she mentioned a possible move to London and joint project with the British techno band Apollo 440.
Journalist Andrey Shental mentioned that in the 1990s Lika MC was emulating the best trends of contemporary pop-music, and successfully managed to mask the absence of strong voice by technological hype.

</doc>
<doc id="6985034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985034" title="The Horror in the Museum">
The Horror in the Museum

"The Horror in the Museum" is a short story ghostwritten by H. P. Lovecraft for Somerville, Massachusetts, writer Hazel Heald in October 1932, published in "Weird Tales" in July 1933.
Plot.
The tale concerns the relationship between Stephen Jones and George Rogers, the owner of a private wax museum specialising in the grotesque in Southwark, London who has been dismissed from Madame Tussauds. Initially cordial, it degenerates as Jones first mocks the self-important Rogers, then comes to suspect that he is demented with his "wild tales and suggestions of rites and sacrifices to nameless elder gods". Jones takes up Rogers's standing offer to spend a night in the museum and is attacked by his host, who is in turn killed by the entity Rhan-Tegoth that he has been making sacrifices to, and ends up becoming part of the display. It is implied that his assistant shot Rhan-Tegoth to make him part of said display.
Authorship and publication.
"The Horror in the Museum" is one of five stories Lovecraft "revised" for Heald. Heald had been introduced to Lovecraft by his friend Muriel E. Eddy (spouse of Clifford Martin Eddy Jr.). Starting in 1965, Lovecraft's letters were published, including one to Clark Ashton Smith on June 14, 1933, in which Lovecraft claimed that this story was mostly his own work: "Yes—the waxwork museum story is mostly my own; entirely so in wording, &amp; also so far as concerns the background of Alaskan archaeology &amp; antique horror. You will find Tsathoggua mentioned."
"The Horror in the Museum" was first published in volume 22, number 1 of "Weird Tales" in July 1933 (credited to Heald). The story has been reprinted in several collections, such as "The Horror in the Museum and Other Revisions" (1970) and the inaugural edition of the "Pan Book of Horror Stories" (1959).

</doc>
<doc id="6985038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985038" title="Abdu'l-Hamid II">
Abdu'l-Hamid II



</doc>
<doc id="6985039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985039" title="Arnold Carter">
Arnold Carter

Arnold Lee Carter (March 14, 1918 – April 12, 1989) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Cincinnati Reds in 1944 and 1945. The , left-hander was a native of Rainelle, West Virginia.
Carter is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He was a very effective pitcher in his time with Cincinnati. He made his major league debut in relief on April 29, 1944, in a home game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Crosley Field. His first win came in his first starting assignment, a 4–3 victory in the first game of a doubleheader against the Philadelphia Blue Jays at Shibe Park (May 30). Five days later he pitched his first shutout, a 1–0 win over the Boston Braves at Braves Field, again in the first game of a doubleheader.
In his rookie season Carter was 11–7 and finished in the National League Top Ten for winning percentage, shutouts, and saves. In his second year, he got into just 13 games and was 2–4 with a 3.09 earned run average.
Carter's career totals include a 13–11 record in 46 games, 24 starts, 11 complete games, 4 shutouts, 15 games finished, and 3 saves. His ERA for 195 innings pitched was 2.72.
Carter died at the age of 71 in Louisville, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="6985040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985040" title="Jean Baptiste Lemarck">
Jean Baptiste Lemarck



</doc>
<doc id="6985052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985052" title="Lonely Girl 15">
Lonely Girl 15



</doc>
<doc id="6985063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985063" title="Al-Hamidiyah">
Al-Hamidiyah

 
El-Hamidiyeh (, ) is a town on the Syrian coast. The town was founded in a very short time on the direct orders of the Ottoman Sultan Abdülhamit II around 1897, to serve as a refuge for the Greek-speaking Muslim Cretan community, forced to leave Crete during the 1897–98 Greco-Turkish War and resettled by the Sultan in Hamidiyeh and other coastal areas of the Levant and as far as Libya. The majority still speak Cretan Greek in their daily lives. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, el-Hamidiyeh had a population of 7,404 in the 2004 census.
Cretan community.
Cretan Muslims constitute 60% of the population, numbering about 3,000. Records suggest that the community left Crete between 1866 and 1897, on the outbreak of the last Cretan uprising against the Ottoman Empire, which ended with the Greco-Turkish War of 1897. Sultan Abdul Hamid II provided Cretan Muslim families who fled the island with refuge on the Levantine coast. The new settlement was named Hamidiye after the sultan. The community is very much concerned with maintaining its culture. The knowledge of the spoken Greek language is remarkably good and their contact with their historical homeland has been possible by means of satellite television and relatives.
Today, the Grecophone residents identify themselves as Cretan Muslims, and not as Cretan Turks as is the case with some in Tripoli.

</doc>
<doc id="6985066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985066" title="Luba Kingdom">
Luba Kingdom



</doc>
<doc id="6985078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985078" title="Badrock (comics)">
Badrock (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6985085" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985085" title="Brevard County Public Schools">
Brevard County Public Schools



</doc>
<doc id="6985086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985086" title="Chironomid">
Chironomid



</doc>
<doc id="6985087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985087" title="Henty River">
Henty River

The Henty River is a perennial river in the West Coast region of Tasmania, Australia. The river generally lies north of and south of .
Location and features.
Formed by the confluence of the Dobson and Newton Creeks, the river rises below Lake Newton on the western slopes of the Tyndall Range, northwest of Mount Tyndall, part of the West Coast Range of Tasmania.
The river flows generally south by west and then west, joined by eight tributaries.
The mouth emptying into the Southern Ocean at Henty Dunes.
The river descends over its course.
In the area known as the Upper Henty at the river's headwaters is the Henty Gold Mine. Its upper reaches were some of the last sites of dam making by the Hydro Tasmania in its long history of regulating flow of Tasmanian rivers.
The river catchment has two areas of high ground. One is known as the "Professor Plateau", west of the "Professor Range" to the north of the river, and the other "Misery Flat", which is high ground between the Tully River and Lost Creek.
The river basin is adjacent to the West Coast Range and the Lake Margaret areas, argued as having up to four separate periods of glaciation.
The river is crossed by bridges that carry the Zeehan-Strahan Road and the Zeehan Highway. A former bridge that carried the Strahan-Zeehan Railway, very close to the coast and Ocean Beach, has since been demolished.
Recreation uses.
During October and November, the Henty River is a location for sea run trout.
Picnic spots are available beside the river at either the Strahan to Zeehan highway, or the Zeehan Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="6985091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985091" title="Open Choice journal">
Open Choice journal



</doc>
<doc id="6985100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985100" title="Flap Lid">
Flap Lid



</doc>
<doc id="6985102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985102" title="Deportivo Mictlán">
Deportivo Mictlán

Deportivo Mictlán is a professional football club that currently competes, Liga Nacional, the top division of Guatemalan football.
Nicknamed "Los Conejos" (the Rabbits) and are based in Asunción Mita, Jutiapa. Their home stadium is "Estadio La Asunción", which holds a capacity of 4,000.
History.
Mictlán was promoted for the first time in 1992 when they bought the license that "Galcasa" from Villa Nueva left in the top division. In 2006 Mictlán achieved their second promotion to the Liga Nacional when they defeated Xinabajul in Primera División de Ascenso extra match, playing the 2006–07 season in "Liga Nacional" for the first time since 1996. They would be back in the Second Division soon again after finishing last in the overall standings, thus being automatically demoted and stay there through the 2009–10 season.
The team returned to Guatemala's top division for the 2010 Clausura tournament after defeating Sacachispas 1–0 in overtime.
Personnel.
Coaching staff.
"As of June 2025"

</doc>
<doc id="6985104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985104" title="Flaplid">
Flaplid



</doc>
<doc id="6985105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985105" title="Transverse atlantal ligament">
Transverse atlantal ligament



</doc>
<doc id="6985118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985118" title="Lateral mass of the atlas">
Lateral mass of the atlas



</doc>
<doc id="6985127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985127" title="3-d">
3-d



</doc>
<doc id="6985133" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985133" title="The broad street riot">
The broad street riot



</doc>
<doc id="6985146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985146" title="Rapier FSC">
Rapier FSC



</doc>
<doc id="6985153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985153" title="Betty Suarez">
Betty Suarez

Beatriz U. Suarez is the protagonist of the American comedy-drama series "Ugly Betty". She is portrayed by America Ferrera, who won a 2007 Golden Globe Award and 2007 Screen Actors Guild Award for her portrayal of the character, as well as the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for the role at the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards and was nominated again in the same category at the 60th Primetime Emmy Awards. AOL named her one of the 100 Most Memorable Female TV Characters.
Fictional biography.
Background and early life.
Betty Suarez lives in the Jackson Heights neighborhood in the New York City borough of Queens. In junior high, Betty won the Good Citizens award. Betty gave the award back to the school but later took it back and the principal called her a bad citizen. She attended Queens Borough High School, graduating in 2002, where she was salutatorian and received a Regents diploma. Betty was cast as a rock in a school play. She never went to the Senior prom, staging an anti-prom with her best friend Trina, who later was invited to the event. Betty and Trina did not speak to each other again until 2007. A member of the Music Association; she received an award for playing the cymbals and triangle. Betty also performed as a mascot for the basketball team, for which she was named "Most Inspirational Basketball Mascot"; as she was the yearbook editor, it is possible she gave this title to herself.
She attended Queens College, in Flushing, Queens, described as "one of America's best value colleges". She graduated QC in December 2005, with a BFA in Media, Cum Laude. She was treasurer of the Latina Women's League, as well as yearbook editor and a contributor for the school newspaper, the "Knight Journal". Her real goal is to become a magazine publisher, which explains her journalistic credentials.
During the summer before attending college and two summers during college, she worked at Corona Cones as a "Soft Serve Specialist/Weekend Night Manager". There she "managed a crew of 2 (including self)", "initiated and maintained soft-serve machine during the double-scoop crossover", and fulfilled "party clown duties as needed".
Suarez then worked at Pro-Buy store #8474 as a part-time human resources coordinator, from summer 2004 to August 2005. She designed the monthly "What's Up, Pro Buy!" employee newsletter.
Suarez then took advantage of two internships. In the summer of 2004, she was at the weekly magazine "Politics &amp; More", collaborating on research for the July 2004 cover article on Presidential hopefuls and their wives. Next summer, she interned at "Daily Dermatology Magazine"; her stay at this Flatbush, Brooklyn publication focused on research for a five-part series on pores for the then upcoming Wide World of Skin convention.
Suarez is fluent in English and also speaks a bit of Spanish, and can speak some Mandarin Chinese. She can also speak some Portuguese, as she called a spa in Brazil during one episode.
She is a "yearly fundraising participant", winner of the 2004 Rotary Club Speech Contest, current coordinator of the Neighborhood Watch program for her area, a math tutor, a county chamber singer, an honorary member of the local Historical Society, and one point worked as a batgirl for the New York Mets.
Employment at "Mode".
Despite others perceiving Betty Suarez as "geeky, unattractive, and a total goth", she does land a job at the prestigious fashion magazine "Mode", where she serves as the personal assistant of Daniel Meade; the magazine's new editor-in-chief, put in place by his father (Bradford Meade) after the previous editor, Fey Sommers, was killed having her brake lines in her car cut. Despite Daniel's less than enthusiastic reaction to working with her, Betty does win him over. Daniel is known to be a womanizer, and Betty prevents temptation from getting in his way in the world of fashion. She keeps her job because of her attitude, skill and stoicism. Despite having a majority of her first check being taken out for taxes, Betty's earnings at "Mode" are around $37,810 a year.
However, Betty is not admired by fellow co-workers, who feel threatened by her presence: Wilhelmina Slater, the magazine's Creative Director, who wanted the job of editor-in-chief, her cohort Marc St. James, and magazine receptionist Amanda Tanen, are determined to sabotage Betty and Daniel at any cost, but for different reasons. Betty finds an unlikely friend, Christina McKinney, a seamstress whose knowledge about what goes on at "Mode" will play a vital part in their relationship. Betty's fashion sense, glasses, hair, her short stature, and working-class roots in Queens are often mocked by her colleagues, however Suarez manages to work towards overcoming this. Betty is also slightly clumsy, often knocking into things, most notably plexiglass windows. Betty remains centered and focused amongst the clashing of egos and eccentric behavior of her colleagues.
Betty has also found herself embroiled with the Meade family in more ways than one. Bradford trusts her because she can keep Daniel's financial responsibilities intact while Daniel trusts her because she can deliver and take charge. She is also aware of Claire Meade's problems with alcoholism (she slapped a bottle right out of Claire's hands), but learned later Claire was the person who killed Fey; when Claire told Betty she wanted to leave the country rather than face murder charges, Betty talked her out of it and convinced Claire to turn herself in. Betty was also impressed by Alexis Meade's recent sex-change to the point of where she asked Alexis about where she can buy a hormone patch so she wouldn't use bleach to get rid of her mustache. When Daniel and Alexis began feuding over the ownership of Meade Publications, Betty stepped in and played mediator and forced them to talk it out in front of their mother while in bumper cars at Coney Island. Thanks to Betty, both Daniel and Alexis agreed to a truce until the matter over the company was settled.
Since she started working alongside Daniel, she has helped him with his sexual and drug addictions, repair his trust with family and improve his abilities as an Editor-In-Chief, along with getting him out of trouble, like exposing a Mother/daughter team trying to blackmail him. Daniel in turn has also help Betty with her own faults, mostly in the romance department and trying to open up her talents as a writer. However, there were a couple of incidents that almost ended that: When Betty tried to protect Daniel from a tell-all writer, Daniel lashed out at her, resulting in Betty giving Daniel the cold shoulder. The second time came when she witnessed Wilhelmina sleeping with her bodyguard while trying to get the mock-up from Wilhelmina's apartment. When Wilhelmina bribed Betty into not telling Daniel about her romp, Betty agreed and betrayed Daniel, but is fired at Wilhelmina and Bradford's wedding after she came clean. He would later regret that after Ignacio went straight to the hospital and told Daniel the reason. As Betty told Daniel she wasn't the same person that walked into "MODE" and she wanted to give up her job, it would be Bradford telling her not to, first at the hospital prior to his passing and later as her subconscious.
Betty would be the one to help Claire and her murder conviction, first by making sure Alexis and Daniel would continue as owners of Meade Publications and reconcile with Bradford before his death. In the episode Odor in the Court, as Claire goes to trial for murdering Fey, some new evidence surfaces in the Love Dungeon, along with a bottle of perfume Claire gives to Betty for safekeeping during the trial. Fey's diary reveals in an attempt to kill Claire, Fey had sent a bottle of poisoned perfume to Bradford to give to Claire as a 'souvenir' driving her to madness and kill her. By a stroke of fate, Claire's insanity resulted in Fey's own death instead. After Betty nearly kills herself with the perfume, and after Amanda is convinced to hand over the evidence to Betty, Claire is found not guilty and freed. Therefore, "Mode" is now back in Claire's control.
As of the second-season finale, Wilhelmina Slater became the editor-in-chief at "Mode".
In the 3rd season, Wilhelmina tried to once again manipulate Betty by luring her back to working with her, and succeeded. This sudden turn of events, along with an attempt to mold her into the next "Wilhelmina" didn't set well with Marc, so he gave Betty a bag of letters sent to Daniel setting the stage for Betty's decision to resign as Wilhelmina's assistant, Daniel returning to his EIC job at "Mode" and his rehiring of Betty, and Wilhelmina's demotion back to Creative Director.
Soon, Christina is pushed down a flight of stairs by an unknown person which results in Betty finding through Mode's staff to find the culprit, finally learning that Alexis was the one. Alexis goes to jail but thanks to Claire, she is reduced to just doing community service. After Alexis leaves for Paris, Betty has to deal with Gio returning from Italy (the trip which Betty rejected in the second-season finale). Gio who is angry towards Betty acts cold and bans her from his deli and life but Betty perseveres to win his heart back by tricking him into helping her get DJ away from his grandparents. After the issue, the two reconcile but Gio wants to try something different for love and leaves Betty.
She also begins to study at the YETI program for young editors with Marc. In the third-season finale Betty and Marc compete for an editor's job at Mode. Daniel and Wilhelmina can't decide which one to hire, and finally make the decision by flipping a coin, and Betty gets the promotion.
In the series finale Betty leaves "Mode" for a job in London (as a side note, in the "Mode After Hours" webisode she has a UK counterpart named Velita). Daniel realizes that he has feelings for Betty and wants to be more than friends. He asks her out to dinner, a date and she says "I'd love to". Later, Betty asks Daniel if he wants a new job, joking that she is searching for an assistant.
Personal life.
At home in Queens, Betty has to deal with her father Ignacio and sister Hilda, who feel she's been taken for a ride at her job and are concerned she's being used like a puppet because of her appearance. However, her nephew Justin is the only person who supports Betty and thinks she should continue pursuing her dreams.
Betty believes her job will help solve the legal hassles she has to deal with in trying to get an HMO provider for her father, who has a heart condition and has been told not to drink any products containing caffeine, like coffee. But those efforts have Betty questioning the real reason why her father has avoided the doctor when it is discovered he has been using a Social Security number and name of a deceased person who, if he had lived, would've been 117 years old. She would later learn her dad fled Mexico after he fell in love with her mother, who was married at the time to a wealthy banker abusing her while he was working for them as their chef. When she left her husband to be with Ignacio, the banker then threatened to kill Ignacio with a knife, but Ignacio in turn beat the man to death in self-defense (it was later learned the banker was alive). Ignacio's admission could raise consequences for the family if he is deported back to Mexico and in the process could face prison time in that country. It would be through her bribe with Wilhelmina that Betty would get Ignacio back to the United States.
Romantically, the unattached Betty also had to deal with her ex-boyfriend Walter Tabachnik, who dumped her but wanted back in whether she liked it or not. Betty and Walter were once an item and her family thought he would be the person who would marry her, but he dumped her for Gina Gambarro, the Suarez's next door neighbor. When Betty found out Gina used him just to get a TV (which she later broke), Betty decided she wanted nothing to do with Walter, despite Gina's explanation of what happened. However Betty did take him back and was willing to work out their relationship, which was hampered by Betty's family being more supportive of Walter, especially Hilda, who wanted to keep the two together. But that became more difficult after Betty exhibited feelings towards Henry Grubstick, the accountant working at Betty's workplace.
When Betty found out Henry left the message with Hilda during the holidays, she lashed out at Hilda, who said she thought Betty would have her heart broken, but came to realize Betty was capable of making her own decisions. After getting hints her romance was over as evidenced by Ignacio and Claire Meade, Betty finally parted ways with Walter after he decided to take a job as the assistant manager of new Pro-Buy store in Maryland. However, after saying goodbye to Walter and just as she was finally about to ask Henry out now she is a single woman, Henry stuns her by telling her his ex-girlfriend Charlie has come to New York to work things out, thus breaking Betty's heart. As a result of this, Betty told Henry it would be best to remain friends despite their attraction to each other. In Secretaries' Day, a semi-conscious Henry told Betty he loved her. In the following episode, A Tree Grows in Guadalajara, Betty believes she sees Henry in Mexico. She follows the apparition and discovers her grandmother's house. Her grandmother, mistaking Betty for her mother Rosa, encourages her to fight for her love. Betty resolves to fight for Henry.
In the season 1 finale, Betty and Henry seem to be off to a good start in a relationship, when Charlie comes back into the picture, saying she is pregnant with Henry's baby. Henry decides to move with her to Tucson, and he tearfully and regretfully says goodbye to Betty. However, later, while getting a filling done at her dentist, the dental technician blurts out Charlie had been cheating on Henry with Dr. Farkas for two months and urges Betty to go after Henry. This plan, however, is shoved aside when the police show up at her door, telling her Hilda's fiancé, Santos, was killed in a robbery. Betty chooses to go tell Hilda, thus letting Henry go with Charlie to Arizona.
By season two, Henry returns and get his job back in order to support Charlie, which made Betty feel uneasy because was afraid to tell him about Charlie, but at the same still had feelings for him. Despite mixed feelings from Ignacio and Daniel, both Betty and Henry decided to continue their romance for the next five months before Henry returned to Arizona, after he learned that the baby might be his after all. Betty has also attracted the interest of Giovanni "Gio" Rossi, a deli shop owner. This development has resulted in a semi-close relationship, as Hilda and Henry has witnessed, even though Betty has yet to noticed any sparks, believing that she and Gio are just friends. This would put Betty in an unusual predicament. Gio wanted her to travel to Rome with him. Henry wanted her to marry him. In the season 3 opener it is revealed she chose neither Henry or Gio, instead she took a trip across the country to find herself.
After she returns she asserts herself as "more adult" but, she is shocked to see Daniel is Editor-in-Chief of "Player" magazine, but after she accepted Wilhelmina's offer to work at "Mode" again, she realizes Daniel wanted his old job again and after she showed him letters from disgruntled readers, he reclaims his job and rehires Betty again.
She decides to get her own apartment but is schmoozed over by a real-estate agent and leases a complete dump of an apartment without ever seeing it. She then deals with her old bully, Kimmie Keegan, as she is now her father's boss. After a fight in the fast-food restaurant in which they work, her and Kimmie make up. Things then begin to look up after her family, initially against it, help her clean-up and renovate her apartment. She then meets Jesse her new neighbor and obviously new love-interest. Things are turned upside-down when Amanda moves in with her due to financial problems. Jesse kisses Amanda on the roof during a party and Betty is hurt until Amanada realizes Betty likes him and says it was only a kiss. Betty and Jesse go out on a date and he only talks about himself so she breaks up with him. Her father had a heart attack and after surgery was fine but Betty was missing everything because she was at a party when Ignacio had his heart attack so she decided to move back home in Queens, leasing the apartment out to Amanda and Marc. Betty joins YETI so she could begin to "go places" in her career and meets a man named Matt Hartley who works for a sports magazine. Betty eventually starts dating Matt and she meets his mother who thinks she is below Matt (Matt's parents are billionaires) but Matt tells his mother that she will just have to deal with it.
Betty tries to take her relationship with Matt to the next level in The Sex Issue episode, but he is avoiding doing so. Betty was distressed until she finds out Matt has a sex problem which he uses to "connect" with others in the past. He made a deal with Helen, his therapist that he wouldn't sleep with someone until he had an emotional connection with them, which is what he thinks he has with Betty. She begins to feel weird about what Matt told her until he assures her she is number 1 and they are seen going into Matt's apartment in the end.
Matt asks Betty to move in with him, and she agrees. However, soon after this Henry returns to New York with his new girlfriend for a few days, and realizes she still has feelings for him. Before Henry's departure from New York, Betty and Henry meet and agree they should go separate ways despite their feelings for each other. They still kiss before Henry leaves. Matt sees this and finally decides to break up with Betty because she wasn't honest with him. He also informs her, she will still be seeing a lot him, because he got a job at MODE as Betty's superior.
In the fourth season, Matt made Betty's life at work a misery as her boss and revealed in Blue On Blue episode that he does that because he couldn't stand seeing Betty happy when he was in so much pain. They got back into a more amicable terms after that. Matt and Betty get back together at the end of "The Bahamas Triangle". In the Christmas episode, Betty and Hilda think they are both pregnant due to a mix-up with the pregnancy tests but in the end, it turns out that Hilda is the one expecting a child. Matt later left for Africa for six months to help the unfortunate after a teary goodbye. Meanwhile, Amanda gives Betty part of the rent she failed to pay after moving out and encourages her to take her apartment back. In Million Dollar Smile, she finally removed her braces. In the episode London Calling, she went to London for Hilda's bachelorette party and met Christina there and she is now a famous fashion designer and wrote a column about London Fashion Week for Mr. Dunne. She then met Mr. Dunne again and he was offering her to be a co-owner of a magazine he is starting. In Hilda's wedding, she accepted the job.
In the series finale, Betty is made aware of Daniel's feelings for her. She also leaves Mode for a job in London where she bumps into Daniel, who tells her that he quit his job as Editor-in-Chief at Mode to find something that he's actually passionate about. He also asks her out. Betty agrees to the date and asks him (playfully) if he needs a job, as she's looking for a new assistant. Daniel tells her that he might submit his résumé and watches Betty as she walks away, thus making it a romantic ending as it is implied they end up together.

</doc>
<doc id="6985160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985160" title="Fracture (geology)">
Fracture (geology)

A fracture is any separation in a geologic formation, such as a "joint" or a "fault" that divides the rock into two or more pieces. A fracture will sometimes form a deep fissure or crevice in the rock. Fractures are commonly caused by stress exceeding the rock strength, causing the rock to lose cohesion along its weakest plane. Fractures can provide permeability for fluid movement, such as water or hydrocarbons. Highly fractured rocks can make good aquifers or hydrocarbon reservoirs, since they may possess both significant permeability and fracture porosity.
Brittle deformation.
Fractures are forms of brittle deformation. There are two types of primary brittle deformation processes. Tensile fracturing results in "joints". "Shear fractures" are the first initial breaks resulting from shear forces exceeding the cohesive strength in that plane.
After those two initial deformations, several other types of secondary brittle deformation can be observed, such as "frictional sliding" or "cataclastic flow" on reactivated joints or faults.
Most often, fracture profiles will look like either a blade, ellipsoid, or circle.
Causes.
Fractures in rocks can be formed either due to compression or tension. Fractures due to compression include thrust faults. Fractures may also be a result from shear or tensile stress. Some of the primary mechanisms are discussed below.
Modes.
First, there are three modes of fractures that occur (regardless of mechanism):
For more information on this, see fracture mechanics.
Tensile fractures.
Rocks contain many pre-existing cracks where development of tensile fracture, or Mode I fracture, may be examined.
The first form is in "axial stretching." In this case a remote tensile stress, σn, is applied, allowing microcracks to open slightly throughout the tensile region. As these cracks open up, the stresses at the crack tips intensify, eventually exceeding the rock strength and allowing the fracture to propagate. This can occur at times of rapid overburden erosion. Folding also can provide tension, such as along the top of an anticlinal fold axis. In this scenario the tensile forces associated with the stretching of the upper half of the layers during folding can induce tensile fractures parallel to the fold axis.
Another, similar tensile fracture mechanism is "hydraulic fracturing". In a natural environment, this occurs when rapid sediment compaction, thermal fluid expansion, or fluid injection causes the pore fluid pressure, σp, to exceed the pressure of the least principal normal stress, σn. When this occurs, a tensile fracture opens perpendicular to the plane of least stress.[4]
Tensile fracturing may also be induced by applied compressive loads, σn, along an axis such as in a Brazilian disk test. This applied compression force results in "longitudinal splitting." In this situation, tiny tensile fractures form parallel to the loading axis while the load also forces any other microfractures closed. To picture this, imagine an envelope, with loading from the top. A load is applied on the top edge, the sides of the envelope open outward, even though nothing was pulling on them. Rapid deposition and compaction can sometimes induce these fractures.
Tensile fractures are almost always referred to as "joints", which are fractures where no appreciable slip or shear is observed.
To fully understand the effects of applied tensile stress around a crack in a brittle material such a rock, fracture mechanics can be used. The concept of fracture mechanics was initially developed by A. A. Griffith during World War I. Griffith looked at the energy required to create new surfaces by breaking material bonds versus the elastic strain energy of the stretched bonds released. By analyzing a rod under uniform tension Griffith determined an expression for the critical stress at which a favorably orientated crack will grow. The critical stress at fracture is given by,
formula_1
where γ = surface energy associated with broken bonds, E = Young's modulus, and a = half crack length. Fracture mechanics has generalized to that γ represents energy dissipated in fracture not just the energy associated with creation of new surfaces
Linear elastic fracture mechanics.
Linear elastic fracture mechanics (LEFM) builds off the energy balance approach taken by Griffith but provides a more generalized approach for many crack problems. LEFM investigates the stress field near the crack tip and bases fracture criteria on stress field parameters. One important contribution of LEFM is the stress intensity factor, K, which is used to predict the stress at the crack tip. The stress field is given by
formula_2
where formula_3 is the stress intensity factor for Mode I, II, or III cracking and formula_4 is a dimensionless quantity that varies with applied load and sample geometry. As the stress field gets close to the crack tip, i.e. formula_5, formula_4 becomes a fixed function of formula_7. With knowledge of the geometry of the crack and applied far field stresses, it is possible to predict the crack tip stresses, displacement, and growth. Energy release rate is defined to relate K to the Griffith energy balance as previously defined. In both LEFM and energy balance approaches, the crack is assumed to be cohesionless behind the crack tip. This provides a problem for geological applications such a fault, where friction exists all over a fault. Overcoming friction absorbs some of the energy that would otherwise go to crack growth. This means that for Modes II and III crack growth, LEFM and energy balances represent local stress fractures rather than global criteria.
Crack formation and propagation.
Cracks in rock do not form smooth path like a crack in a car windshield or a highly ductile crack like a ripped plastic grocery bag. Rocks are a polycrystalline material so cracks grow through the coalescing of complex microcracks that occur in front of the crack tip. This area of microcracks is called the brittle process zone. Consider a simplified 2D shear crack as shown in the image on the right. The shear crack, shown in blue, propagates when tensile cracks, shown in red, grow perpendicular to the direction of the least principal stresses. The tensile cracks propagate a short distance then become stable, allowing the shear crack to propagate. This type of crack propagation should only be considered an example. Fracture in rock is a 3D process with cracks growing in all directions. It is also important to note that once the crack grows, the microcracks in the brittle process zone are left behind leaving a weakened section of rock. This weakened section is more susceptible to changes in pore pressure and dilatation or compaction. Note that this description of formation and propagation considers temperatures and pressures near the Earth's surface. Rocks deep within the earth are subject to very high temperatures and pressures. This causes them to behave in the semi-brittle and plastic regimes which result in significantly different fracture mechanisms. In the plastic regime cracks acts like a plastic bag being torn. In this case stress at crack tips goes to two mechanisms, one which will drive propagation of the crack and the other which will blunt the crack tip. In the brittle-ductile transition zone, material will exhibit both brittle and plastic traits with the gradual onset of plasticity in the polycrystalline rock. The main form of deformation is called cataclastic flow, which will cause fractures to fail and propagate due to a mixture of brittle-frictional and plastic deformations.
Joint types.
Describing joints can be difficult, especially without visuals. The following are descriptions of typical natural fracture joint geometries that might be encountered in field studies:
Faults and shear fractures.
Faults are another form of fracture in a geologic environment. In any type of faulting, the active fracture experiences shear failure, as the faces of the fracture slip relative to each other. As a result, these fractures seem like large scale representations of Mode II and III fractures, however that is not necessarily the case. 
On such a large scale, once the shear failure occurs, the fracture begins to curve its propagation towards the same direction as the tensile fractures. In other words, the fault typically attempts to orient itself perpendicular to the plane of least principal stress. This results in an out-of-plane shear relative to the initial reference plane. Therefore, these cannot necessarily be qualified as Mode II or III fractures.
An additional, important characteristic of shear-mode fractures is the process by which they spawn "wing cracks", which are tensile cracks that form at the propagation tip of the shear fractures. As the faces slide in opposite directions, tension is created at the tip, and a mode I fracture is created in the direction of the "σh-max", which is the direction of maximum principal stress.
"Shear-failure criteria" is an expression that attempts to describe the stress at which a shear rupture creates a crack and separation. This criterion is based largely off of the work of Charles Coulomb, who suggested that as long as all stresses are compressive, as is the case in shear fracture, the shear stress is related to the normal stress by:
"σs"= C+μ(σn-σf),
where C is the "cohesion" of the rock, or the shear stress necessary to cause failure given the normal stress across that plane equals 0. "μ" is the coefficient of internal friction, which serves as a constant of proportionality within geology. σn is the normal stress across the fracture at the instant of failure, σf represents the pore fluid pressure. It is important to point out that pore fluid pressure has a significant impact on shear stress, "especially" where pore fluid pressure approaches "lithostatic pressure", which is the normal pressure induced by the weight of the overlying rock.
This relationship serves to provide the "coulomb failure envelope" within the Mohr-Coulomb Theory.
"Frictional sliding" is one aspect for consideration during shear fracturing and faulting. The shear force parallel to the plane must overcome the frictional force to move the faces of the fracture across each other. In fracturing, frictional sliding typically only has significant effects on the reactivation on existing shear fractures. For more information on frictional forces, see friction. 
 The shear force required to slip fault is less than force required to fracture and create new faults as shown by the Mohr-Coulomb diagram. Since the earth is full of existing cracks and this means for any applied stress, many of these cracks are more likely to slip and redistribute stress than a new crack is to initiate. The Mohr's Diagram shown, provides a visual example. For a given stress state in the earth, if an existing fault or crack exists orientated anywhere from −α/4 to +α/4, this fault will slip before the strength of the rock is reached and a new fault is formed. While the applied stresses may be high enough to form a new fault, existing fracture planes will slip before fracture occurs.
One important idea when evaluating the friction behavior within a fracture is the impact of "asperities", which are the irregularities that stick out from the rough surfaces of fractures. Since both faces have bumps and pieces that stick out, not all of the fracture face is actually touching the other face. The cumulative impact of asperities is a reduction of the "real area of contact"', which is important when establishing frictional forces.
Subcritical crack growth.
Sometimes, it is possible for fluids within the fracture to cause fracture propagation with a much lower pressure than initially required. The reaction between certain fluids and the minerals the rock is composed of can lower the stress required for fracture below the stress required throughout the rest of the rock. For instance, water and quartz can react to form a substitution of OH molecules for the O molecules in the quartz mineral lattice near the fracture tip. Since the OH bond is much lower than that with O, it effectively reduces the necessary tensile stress required to extend the fracture.
Engineering considerations.
In geotechnical engineering a fracture forms a discontinuity that may have a large influence on the mechanical behavior (strength, deformation, etc.) of soil and rock masses in, for example, tunnel, foundation, or slope construction.
Fractures also play a significant role in minerals exploitation. One aspect of the upstream energy sector is the production from naturally fractured reservoirs. There are a good number of naturally fractured reservoirs in the United States, and over the past century, they have provided a substantial boost to the nation's net hydrocarbon production.
The key concept is while low porosity, brittle rocks may have very little natural storage or flow capability, the rock is subjected to stresses that generate fractures, and these fractures can actually store a very large volume of hydrocarbons, capable of being recovered at very high rates. One of the most famous examples of a prolific naturally fractured reservoir was the Austin Chalk formation in South Texas. The chalk had very little porosity, and even less permeability. However, tectonic stresses over time created one of the most extensive fractured reservoirs in the world. By predicting the location and connectivity of fracture networks, geologists were able to plan horizontal wellbores to intersect as many fracture networks as possible. Many people credit this field for the birth of true horizontal drilling in a developmental context. Another example in South Texas is the Georgetown and Buda limestone formations.
Furthermore, the recent uprise in prevalence of unconventional reservoirs is actually, in part, a product of natural fractures. In this case, these microfractures are analogous to Griffith Cracks, however they can often be sufficient to supply the necessary productivity, especially after completions, to make what used to be marginally economic zones commercially productive with repeatable success.
However, while natural fractures can often be beneficial, they can also act as potential hazards while drilling wells. Natural fractures can have very high permeability, and as a result, any differences in hydrostatic balance down the well can result in well control issues. If a higher pressured natural fracture system is encountered, the rapid rate at which formation fluid can flow into the wellbore can cause the situation to rapidly escalate into a blowout, either at surface or in a higher subsurface formation. Conversely, if a lower pressured fracture network is encountered, fluid from the wellbore can flow very rapidly into the fractures, causing a loss of hydrostatic pressure and creating the potential for a blowout from a formation further up the hole.
Fracture modeling.
Since the mid-1980s, 2D and 3D computer modeling of fault and fracture networks has become common practice in Earth Sciences. This technology became known as "DFN" (discrete fracture network") modeling, later modified into "DFFN" (discrete fault and fracture network") modeling.
The technology consists of defining the statistical variation of various parameters such as size, shape, and orientation and modeling the fracture network in space in a semi-probabilistic way in two or three dimensions. Computer algorithms and speed of calculation have become sufficiently capable of capturing and simulating the complexities and geological variabilities in three dimensions, manifested in what became known as the "DMX Protocol".
Fracture terminology.
A list of fracture related terms:

</doc>
<doc id="6985162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985162" title="List of Qatar-related topics">
List of Qatar-related topics

This is a list of topics related to Qatar. Those interested in the subject can monitor changes to the pages by clicking on "Related changes" in the sidebar.
Qatar.
Qatar
Notable Qataris.
Qatari sportspeople.
Qatari weightlifters.
Qatari directors
Buildings and structures in Qatar.
Airports in Qatar.
Airports in Qatar
Lighthouses in Qatar.
Lighthouses in Qatar
Museums in Qatar.
Museums in Qatar
Places of worship in Qatar.
over 5000 mosques in Qatar
Sports venues in Qatar.
Football venues in Qatar.
over 20 more top class stadiums being built for the 2022 world cup
Communications in Qatar.
Communications in Qatar
Qatari culture.
Culture of Qatar
Economy of Qatar.
Economy of Qatar
Companies in Qatar.
Companies of Qatar
Education in Qatar.
Education in Qatar
Schools in Qatar.
over 50 schools and world known universities in Qatar Foundation
Geography of Qatar.
Geography of Qatar
History of Qatar.
History of Qatar
Human Rights in Qatar.
Human rights in Qatar
Qatari media.
Media of Qatar
Military of Qatar.
Military of Qatar
Politics of Qatar.
Politics of Qatar
Political parties in Qatar.
"(no political parties exist)"
Sport in Qatar.
Sport in Qatar
Transport in Qatar.
Transport in Qatar

</doc>
<doc id="6985163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985163" title="Persian musical instruments">
Persian musical instruments

Persian musical instruments or Iranian musical instruments
can be broadly classified into three categories: classical, Western and folk. Most of Persian musical instruments spread in the former Persian Empires states all over the Middle East, Caucasus, Central Asia and through adaptation, relations, and trade, in Europe and far regions of Asia. In the ancient era, the Silk Road had an effective role in this distribution.
String instruments.
Orchestral
Folklore
Wind instruments.
Orchestral
Folklores 
Historical
Percussion instruments.
While Arabic and Persian are separate languages, to a great extent the cultures intermixed during and after the Muslim conquest of Persia. Arabic became the lingua franca from the Middle East to the edge of China and into India, much as Latin was in Europe. As a result, the list below may contain Arab words that don't belong, but may also include words shared by both languages. An example is "daf" (دف), for which the Arab word is also "daf" or "duff" (plural "dofuf"). Similarly, conquests and cultural intermixing have made Turkish words available, such as kudum.
Images from Turkestan.
These images are from the Russian Turkestan, circa 1865-1872, an area in which Persian, Turkish, Arab/Islamic and Mongol peoples conquered and settled over the ages. When the Russians conquered, both Turkish and Persian languages were being spoken. The images of musical instruments show the mixing of cultures; some such as the "tanbur" appear normal for Persian culture. But there are variations, such as a "kamanche" that appears to be a bowed "tanbur", and the "kauz" or "kobyz", which is a Turkish word for an instrument that is closely related to the "Ghaychak", a Persian instrument.
Others.
The electronic keyboard is a popular western instrument.
There are numerous native musical instruments used in folk music.

</doc>
<doc id="6985164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985164" title="Pennoni Honors College">
Pennoni Honors College

Pennoni Honors College, also called the C.R. and Annette Pennoni Honors College, is a college of Drexel University tasked with recognizing and promoting excellence among Drexel students. Unlike the other colleges, Pennoni Honors College encompasses students who are also in one of the other colleges, but have applied to and been selected to be a part of the Honors Program and/or participate in the Custom-Designed Major. The College offers dedicated housing in Bentley Hall, specialized academic advisors, seminar rooms, lounge space, early course registration, tickets to Philadelphia cultural events, and specialty courses.
Graduation with Honors.
Most Honors students who complete the minimum requirements for membership are invited to graduate with Honors from Pennoni Honors College. This achievement is noted as such on an official University transcript and graduates from the Honors Program will be listed in the University Commencement Program as a Pennoni Honors College graduate.
In order to qualify for graduation with Honors, a student must successfully complete a minimum of 16 Honors credits and maintain an overall GPA of 3.2 or higher. All Honors credits must be completed and confirmed prior to the June Honors Graduation date. 
Graduation with Distinction.
Graduation with Distinction is the highest honor awarded by the Honors Program and the Pennoni Honors College to its most accomplished students. This achievement is noted as such on an official University transcript and students meeting Graduation with Distinction will be listed in the University Commencement Program as a Pennoni Honors College Graduate with Distinction. 

</doc>
<doc id="6985166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985166" title="Tropical Storm Helene (2006)">
Tropical Storm Helene (2006)



</doc>
<doc id="6985174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985174" title="Anthony Joseph Drexel Biddle">
Anthony Joseph Drexel Biddle



</doc>
<doc id="6985175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985175" title="Seed predator">
Seed predator



</doc>
<doc id="6985176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985176" title="Senior debt">
Senior debt

In finance, senior debt is debt that takes priority over other unsecured or otherwise more "junior" debt owed by an issuer. Senior debt is frequently issued in the form of senior notes or referred to as senior loans. Senior debt has greater seniority in the issuer's capital structure than subordinated debt. In the event the issuer goes bankrupt, senior debt theoretically must be repaid before other creditors receive any payment.
Senior debt is often secured by collateral on which the lender has put in place a first lien. Usually this covers all the assets of a corporation and is often used for revolving credit lines. It is the debt that has priority for repayment in a liquidation.
It is a class of corporate debt that has priority with respect to interest and principal over other classes of debt and over all classes of equity by the same issuer.
Limitations to seniority.
Secured parties may receive preference to unsecured senior lenders.
Notwithstanding the senior status of a loan or other debt instrument, another debt instrument (whether senior or otherwise) may benefit from security that effectively renders that other instrument more likely to be repaid in an insolvency than unsecured senior debt. Lenders of a secured debt instrument (regardless of ranking) receive the benefit of the security for that instrument until they are repaid in full, without having to share the benefit of that security with any other lenders. If the value of the security is insufficient to repay the secured debt, the residual unpaid claim will rank according to its documentation (whether senior or otherwise), and will receive "pro rata" treatment with other unsecured debts of such rank.
Super-senior status.
Senior lenders are theoretically (and usually) in the best position because they have first claim to unsecured assets.
However, in various jurisdictions and circumstances, nominally "senior" debt may not rank "pari passu" with all other senior obligations. For example, in the 2008 Washington Mutual Bank seizure, all assets and most of Washington Mutual Bank's liabilities (including deposits, covered bonds, and other secured debt) were assumed by JPMorgan Chase. However other debt claims, including unsecured senior debt, were not. By doing this, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) effectively subordinated the unsecured senior debt to depositors, thereby fully protecting depositors while also eliminating any potential deposit insurance liability to the FDIC itself. In this and similar cases, specific regulatory and oversight powers can lead to senior lenders being subordinated in potentially unexpected ways.
Additionally, in US Chapter 11 bankruptcies, new lenders can come in to fund the continuing operation of companies and be granted status super-senior to other (even senior secured) lenders, so-called "debtor in possession" status. Similar regimes exist in other jurisdictions.
"Senior" debt at holding company is structurally subordinated to all debt at the subsidiary.
A senior lender to a holding company is in fact subordinated to any lenders (senior or otherwise) at a subsidiary with respect to access to the subsidiary's assets in a bankruptcy. The collapse of Washington Mutual bank in 2008 highlighted this priority of claim, as lenders to Washington Mutual, Inc. received no benefit from the assets of that entity's bank subsidiaries.

</doc>
<doc id="6985178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985178" title="The Levant">
The Levant



</doc>
<doc id="6985181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985181" title="ROH World Heavyweight Championship">
ROH World Heavyweight Championship



</doc>
<doc id="6985188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985188" title="Terrorism against Israel in 2002">
Terrorism against Israel in 2002



</doc>
<doc id="6985191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985191" title="Apical ligament of dens">
Apical ligament of dens

The ligament of apex dentis (or apical odontoid ligament) is a ligament that spans between the second cervical vertebra in the neck and the skull.
It lies as a fibrous cord in the triangular interval between the alar ligaments, which extends from the tip of the odontoid process on the axis to the anterior margin of the foramen magnum, being intimately blended with the deep portion of the anterior atlantooccipital membrane and superior crus of the transverse ligament of the atlas.
It is regarded as a rudimentary intervertebral fibrocartilage, and in it traces of the notochord may persist.

</doc>
<doc id="6985193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985193" title="Apical odontoid ligament">
Apical odontoid ligament



</doc>
<doc id="6985197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985197" title="James McEachin">
James McEachin

James McEachin (born May 20, 1930 – died January 11, 2025) was an American actor, author and veteran of the Korean War. He appeared in various films and television shows.
Early life and military career.
James McEachin was born in Rennert, North Carolina on May 20, 1930.
McEachin served in the United States Army before, and then during, the Korean War. Serving in King Company, 9th Infantry Regiment (United States), 2nd Infantry Division, he was wounded (nearly fatally) in an ambush and nearly left for dead. McEachin was one of only two soldiers to survive the ambush. He was a recipient of the Silver Star, the Purple Heart and was entitled to wear the Combat Infantryman Badge.
Civilian career.
Following his military career, McEachin dabbled in civil service, first as a fireman and then a policeman in Hackensack, New Jersey, before he moved to California and became a record producer. Known as Jimmy Mack in the industry, he worked with young artists such as Otis Redding and went on to produce The Furys. He began his acting career shortly after, and was signed by Universal as a contract actor in the 1960s.
He was regularly cast in professional, "solid citizen" occupational roles, such as a lawyer or a police commander, guesting on numerous series such as "Hawaii Five-O", "The Rockford Files", "Mannix", "The Feather and Father Gang", "The Eddie Capra Mysteries", "Matlock", "Jake and the Fatman", "Diagnosis Murder," "Dragnet", "It Takes a Thief", and "Adam-12", and in television movies including "Welcome Home, Johnny Bristol" (1972); "The Alpha Caper" (1973) and "The Dead Don't Die" (1975). He appeared in such feature films as "Uptight" (1968); "If He Hollers, Let Him Go!" (1968); "The Undefeated" (1969); "The Lawyer" (1970); "Buck and the Preacher" (1972); "The Groundstar Conspiracy" (1972) and "Fuzz" (1972).
McEachin played Mr. Turner, a tax collector for the Internal Revenue Service, and later a character named Solomon Jackson, a co-worker that Archie Bunker tries to recruit for his social club, on the television show "All in the Family". He played the deejay Sweet Al Monte in "Play Misty for Me" (1971) with Clint Eastwood. In 1973, he starred as Harry Tenafly, the title character in "Tenafly", a short-lived detective series about a police officer turned private detective who relied on his wits and hard work rather than guns and fistfights. As the star of that show, he is (along with Susan Saint James of "McMillan and Wife") one of the last surviving actors to have starred as a title character from a series featured on the 1970s' NBC Mystery Movie. McEachin also appeared occasionally as Lieutenant Ron Crockett on "Emergency!". In 1978, he played a police officer in "Every Which Way but Loose". In 1979, he played the role of a jaded ex-marine high school baseball coach in an episode ("Out at Home") of "The White Shadow".
He made his third film with Eastwood in 1983 when he starred as Detective Barnes in the fourth "Dirty Harry" movie, "Sudden Impact". He also appeared as Dr. Victor Millson, chairman of the fictitious National Council of Astronautics in the 1984 movie "2010". In addition to his appearing in a role with Roy Scheider, his character often appears in video in dispatches transmitted to the American astronauts in the film. 
While continuing to guest star in many television series and appearing in several feature-length films, McEachin landed his most memorable role, that of Police Lieutenant Brock in the 1986 television movie "Perry Mason: The Case of the Notorious Nun". He would reprise this role in more than a dozen Perry Mason telemovies from 1986 until 1995, starring opposite Raymond Burr. He appeared in the 1994 crime thriller "Double Exposure".
In the 1990s, he semi-retired from acting to pursue a writing career. His first work was a military history of the court-martial of 63 black American soldiers during the First World War, titled "Farewell to the Mockingbirds" (1995). It won the 1998 Benjamin Franklin Award. 
His next works, mainly novels, included "The Heroin Factor" (1999), "Say Goodnight to the Boys in Blue" (2000), "The Great Canis Lupus" (2001), and "Tell Me a Tale: A Novel of the Old South" (2003). He published "Pebbles in the Roadway" in 2003, a collection of short stories and essays which he describes as "a philosophical view of America and Americans". 
In 2005, McEachin produced the award-winning audio book "Voices: A Tribute to the American Veteran".
In early 2006, McEachin starred with David Huddleston in "Reveille", a short film that played to troops in Afghanistan and Iraq. Many people requested copies of the film. The film was posted on video.google.com and quickly garnered 1.5 million hits and a deluge of fan mail to the jamesmceachin.com website. 
McEachin was inspired to create, direct, produce, and star in the short "Old Glory". It won Best Narrative Short at the 2007 GI Film Festival. "Old Glory" was McEachin's directorial debut.
In 2001, McEachin received the Distinguished Achievement Award from Morgan State University. In 2005, he became an Army Reserve Ambassador; this distinction carries the protocol of a two-star general. As part of his work on behalf of the military and veterans, McEachin has participated in ceremonies for Purple Hearts Reunited, a charitable organization that works to return lost and stolen military awards to the recipients or their families.
Personal life and death.
McEachin married the former Lois Emma Davis in 1960. Their three grown children are Alainia, Lyle, and Felecia. The second daughter was personal assistant to, among others, Ice Cube and (the late) Emmy Award-winning director, producer and writer Sam Simon. She is currently owner of The Assistant Company. Lois McEachin died in 2017, in Encino, California.
The pronunciation of "McEachin", as he used it in a public service ad for the Army Relief Agency, rhymes with "beach in".
McEachin died on January 11, 2025, in Los Angeles, at the age of 94.
Awards.
In 2005 he was awarded both the Purple Heart and Silver Star by California Congressman David Dreier after McEachin participated in a Veterans History Project interview for his office. When Dreier's aide, Carlos Cortez, learned McEachin had no copies of his military records, he quickly had the records traced and notified McEachin of the Silver Star commendation. Dreier awarded McEachin all seven of his medals of valor and military service shortly thereafter, fifty years after his service.

</doc>
<doc id="6985199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985199" title="Antoine Bethea">
Antoine Bethea

Antoine Akeem Bethea (; born July 27, 1984) is an American former professional football player who was a safety for 14 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the Howard Bison and was selected by the Indianapolis Colts in the sixth round of the 2006 NFL draft. Bethea also played for the San Francisco 49ers, Arizona Cardinals, and New York Giants. He was selected for the Pro Bowl three times and won Super Bowl XLI as a member of the Colts, beating the Chicago Bears.
College career.
Bethea attended Howard University, where he majored in administration of justice, and played for the Howard Bison football team. He started 31 of 37 games at safety. His freshman year, he saw action in five games as a backup in the secondary collecting 13 total tackles. He would have a career-best 109 total tackles his sophomore year while seeing action as a starter in 10 of 11 games that year. That year, he had three games where he tallied 13 tackles and another game against Bethune-Cookman where he made 14 tackles. He ended that year also adding one sack, three forced fumbles, two fumble recoveries, six pass deflections and a blocked kick.
He would record three interceptions his junior year, along with two sacks, four forced fumbles and eight pass deflections in 11 starts. Ending the year with 99 total tackles and two sacks, Bethea would earn All-Mid-Eastern Conference honors and selection to the American Urban Radio Network Sheridan Broadcasting Network Black College All-American Team joining the likes of NFL greats such as former Houston Oilers/Tennessee Titans quarterback and NFL MVP Steve McNair and NFL tight end, Shannon Sharpe. He would earn these honors three years in a row.
Bethea would continue his success in his senior season, collecting 88 tackles, six passes defensed and a career-high four interceptions in 10 games. This would mark the third straight year he would lead his team in tackles. His senior season performance would earn him 1st-Team All-America honors from the NFL Draft Report.
As a three-year starter at Howard, Bethea made 309 stops that included 187 solo tackles and twelve for a loss, seven forced fumbles, two fumble recoveries, 18 passes defensed and seven interceptions. He also returned two recoveries for a touchdown: one coming on a blocked kick and the other on a fumble recovery, both returned 26 yards.
Professional career.
Bethea was projected to be a third or fourth round pick by the majority of NFL draft experts and scouts. He was ranked as the sixth best free safety prospect in the draft by DraftScout.com and was ranked the 17th best safety in the draft by ESPN Scouts Inc.
Indianapolis Colts.
The Indianapolis Colts selected Bethea in the sixth round (207th overall) of the 2006 NFL draft. Bethea was the 21st safety drafted in 2006.
2006.
On July 30, 2006, the Indianapolis Colts signed Bethea to a four-year, $1.67 million contract that includes a signing bonus of $79,420.
Throughout training camp, Bethea competed to be the starting free safety against Mike Doss and Matt Giordano. Head coach Tony Dungy named Bethea the starting free safety to begin the regular season, alongside strong safety Bob Sanders.
He made his professional regular season debut and first career start in the Indianapolis Colts' season-opener at the New York Giants and recorded six combined tackles and a pass deflection in their 26–21 victory. In Week 3, he collected a season-high 12 combined tackles (eight solo) and broke up a pass in the Colts' 21–14 win against the Jacksonville Jaguars. On November 5, 2006, Bethea recorded nine combined tackles, two pass deflections, and intercepted a pass by Tom Brady during a 27–20 victory at the New England Patriots in Week 9. He was inactive during the Colts' Week 13 loss at the Tennessee Titans due to an injury. The following week, he aggravated his shoulder injury and subsequently missed the Colts' Week 15 victory against the Cincinnati Bengals. The Indianapolis Colts' safeties sustained numerous injuries throughout the regular season, including strong safety Bob Sanders, who sustained a knee injury and was limited to four games. Veteran Mike Doss tore his ACL in Week 7 and missed the last nine games after being placed on injured reserve. Bethea started the first ten games and began developing a reputation for delivering big hits over the middle. His performance placed him in line as a possible rookie of the year candidate. He finished his rookie season with 90 combined tackles (66 solo), four pass deflections, and an interception in 14 games and 14 starts.
The Indianapolis Colts finished first in the AFC South with a 12–4 record. On January 6, 2007, Bethea started in his first career playoff game and recorded three solo tackles, a pass deflection, and intercepted a pass by quarterback Trent Green in the Colts' 23–8 victory against the Kansas City Chiefs in the AFC Wildcard Game. The following week, he collected six combined tackles, broke up a pass, and intercepted a pass attempt by Steve McNair during a 15–6 win at the Baltimore Ravens in the AFC Divisional Round. The Indianapolis Colts went on to defeat the New England Patriots 38–34 in the AFC Championship to reach Super Bowl XLI. On February 4, 2007, Bethea started in Super Bowl XLI and made four combined tackles as they defeated the Chicago Bears 29–17.
2007.
Bethea entered training camp slated as the starting free safety. Defensive coordinator Ron Meeks retained Bethea and Bob Sanders as the starting safeties to begin the regular season.
On September 30, 2007, Bethea collected seven solo tackles during a 38–20 victory against the Denver Broncos in Week 4. The following week, he collected a season-high seven combined tackles, a pass deflection, and an interception in the Colts' 33–14 victory against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in Week 5. In Week 8, Bethea made a season-high three pass deflections, five combined tackles, and an interception during a 31–7 victory against the Carolina Panthers. Bethea missed the last three games of the regular season due to a knee injury (Weeks 15–17). He finished his second season with 65 combined tackles (43 solo), eight pass deflections, and four interceptions in 13 games and 13 starts. The Indianapolis Colts finished atop their division with a 12–4 record. On January 13, 2008, Bethea started in the AFC Divisional Round and recorded seven combined tackles during a 28–24 loss to the San Diego Chargers. On January 28, 2008, it was reported that Bethea would be playing in the 2008 Pro Bowl. He was originally chosen as a second alternate and was needed after injuries to safeties Troy Polamalu and Bob Sanders.
2008.
Bethea and Sanders remained the starting safeties to begin the regular season. On November 2, 2008, Bethea recorded a season-high ten solo tackles during an 18–15 victory against the New England Patriots in Week 9. The following week, he collected a season-high 11 combined tackles (six solo) in the Colts' 24–20 win at the Pittsburgh Steelers in Week 10. He finished the season with 101 combined tackles (74 solo), four pass deflections, and two interceptions in 16 games and 16 starts.
2009.
On January 12, 2009, head coach Tony Dungy retired ending Bethea's three-year tenure under him. Assistant head coach Jim Caldwell retained Bethea as the starting strong safety, along with free safety Bob Sanders.
On September 21, 2009, Bethea collected a season-high eight solo tackles, a pass deflection, and an intercepted a pass by Tarvaris Jackson during a 27–23 victory at the Miami Dolphins in Week 2. In Week 7, he tied his season-high of eight solo tackles as the Colts' routed the St. Louis Rams 42–6. On November 8, 2009, Bethea collected a season-high nine combined tackles (four solo) during a 20–17 win against the Houston Texans in Week 9. He finished the season with 95 combined tackles (70 solo), five pass deflections, and four interceptions in 16 games and 16 starts. On December 29, 2009, it was announced that Bethea was voted to the 2010 Pro Bowl, marking the second selection of his career.
The Indianapolis Colts finished first in the AFC South with a 14–2 record, clinching a first round bye and home-field advantage. On January 16, 2010, Bethea recorded three combined tackles, two pass deflections, and intercepted a pass by Joe Flacco during a 20–3 victory against the Baltimore Ravens in the AFC Divisional Round. The Colts went on to defeat the New York Jets 30–17 in the AFC Championship to reach Super Bowl XLIV. On February 7, 2010, Bethea started in Super Bowl XLIV and made four solo tackles during a 31–17 loss to the New Orleans Saints.
2010.
On March 3, 2010, the Indianapolis Colts placed a first round, $2.51 million tender on Bethea. He held out of organized team activities and declined to sign their restricted free agent tender. On July 11, 2010, the Indianapolis Colts signed Bethea to a four-year, $27 million contract that includes an $8 million signing bonus.
Defensive coordinator Larry Coyer retained Bethea and Sanders the starting safety duo to begin the 2010 regular season. Bethea started in the Indianapolis Colts season-opener at the Houston Texans and collected a 13 combined tackles (eight solo) and a pass deflection in their 34–24 loss. On November 28, 2010, Bethea made six combined tackles and was credited with half a sack on Philip Rivers in the Colts' 36–14 loss to the San Diego Chargers in Week 12. The following week, he recorded a season-high 15 combined tackles (11 solo) during a 38–35 loss to the Dallas Cowboys in Week 13. He finished with 107 combined tackles (77 solo), five pass deflections, an interception, a forced fumble, and half a sack in 16 games and 16 starts.
2011.
Head coach Jim Caldwell named Bethea the starting free safety to begin the regular season, along with strong safety Melvin Bullitt. In Week 5, Bethea collected a season-high 12 combined tackles (six solo) in the Colts' 28–24 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs. On November 6, 2011, Bethea recorded a season-high eight solo tackles and assisted on three more tackles during their 31–7 loss to the Atlanta Falcons in Week 9. He finished the season with a career-high 139 combined tackles (80 solo), seven pass deflections, two forced fumbles, and a fumble recovery in 16 games and 16 starts.
2012.
On January 3, 2012, Indianapolis Colts' owner Jim Irsay fired general manager Chris Polian and vice chairman Bill Polian. On January 17, 2012, new general manager Ryan Grigson decided to fire head coach Jim Caldwell after the Colts finished with a 2–14 record.
Head coach Chuck Pagano retained Bethea as the Colts' starting free safety to begin the regular season, along with strong safety Tom Zbikowski. He started in the Indianapolis Colts' season-opener at the Chicago Bears and recorded a season-high nine solo tackles and two pass deflections in their 41–21 loss. On November 8, 2012, he collected seven solo tackles and made his first career solo sack during a 27–10 victory at the Jacksonville Jaguars in Week 10. He sacked quarterback Blaine Gabbert for a one-yard loss in the fourth quarter. On December 16, 2012, Bethea made five solo tackles and sacked quarterback Matt Schaub in the Colts' 29–17 loss at the Houston Texans in Week 15. He finished the season with 100 combined tackles (75 solo), seven passes defensed, and a career-high two sacks in 16 games and 16 starts.
2013.
Bethea entered training camp slated as the "de facto" starter at strong safety. Defensive coordinator Greg Manusky officially named Bethea the starting strong safety to start the regular season, opposite free safety LaRon Landry. Bethea started in the Indianapolis Colts' season-opener against the Oakland Raiders and recorded 11 combined tackles (six solo), a pass deflection, and intercepted a pass by Terrelle Pryor in their 21–17 victory. This marked his first interception since 2010. On December 8, 2013, Bethea collected a career-high 17 combined tackles (ten solo) during a 42–28 loss at the Cincinnati Bengals in Week 14. Bethea finished his last season with the Indianapolis Colts with a total of 110 combined tackles (80 solo), six pass deflections, an interception, and a sack in 16 games and 16 starts.
2014.
Bethea became an unrestricted free agent in 2014 and drew interest from multiple teams, including the Detroit Lions, San Francisco 49ers, Philadelphia Eagles, Green Bay Packers, and Kansas City Chiefs.
San Francisco 49ers.
On March 12, 2014, the San Francisco 49ers signed Bethea to a four-year, $21 million contract with $15.02 million guaranteed and a signing bonus of $5.25 million.
2014.
Head coach Jim Harbaugh named Bethea the starting strong safety to start the 2014 season, alongside free safety Eric Reid. He started in the San Francisco 49ers' season-opener at the Dallas Cowboys and recorded six solo tackles and a pass deflection in their 28–17 victory. In Week 10, Bethea collected a season-high eight combined tackles, broke up a pass, and intercepted a pass by Drew Brees during a 27–24 overtime victory at the New Orleans Saints. On December 20, 2014, Bethea recorded a season-high tying eight combined tackles, two pass deflections, and returned an interception by Philip Rivers for a 49-yard touchdown during a 38–35 overtime loss to the San Diego Chargers in Week 16. His touchdown occurred in the second quarter and marked the first score of his career. On December 24, 2014, it was announced that Bethea was selected to be an alternate for the 2015 Pro Bowl. On December 28, 2014, it was announced that the San Francisco 49ers and head coach Jim Harbaugh decided to mutually part ways after the 2014 season. He finished his first season in San Francisco with 86 combined tackles (72 solo), ten pass deflections, four interceptions, a forced fumble, and a touchdown in 16 games and 16 starts.
On January 19, 2015, Bethea was selected to replace Kam Chancellor in the 2015 Pro Bowl. Chancellor was unable to play due to this participation in the Super Bowl with the Seattle Seahawks.
2015.
Bethea and Eric Reid entered training camp slated as the starting safeties by defensive coordinator Vic Fangio. The San Francisco 49ers' new head coach Jim Tomsula officially named Bethea and Reid the starters entering the regular season. In Week 5, Bethea collected a season-high ten combined tackles (six solo) and a pass deflection during a 30–27 loss at the New York Giants. On October 22, 2015, Bethea made five combined tackles before exiting a 20–3 loss to the Seattle Seahawks in the third quarter with an injury. The following day, the San Francisco 49ers placed him on injured reserve with a torn pectoral muscle. Bethea finished the 2015 season with a total of 44 combined tackles (32 solo), two passes defensed, and an interception in seven games and seven starts.
2016.
On January 4, 2016, the San Francisco 49ers fired head coach Jim Tomsula after they finished 2015 with a 5–11 record. The San Francisco 49ers hired former Philadelphia Eagles' head coach Chip Kelly as their head coach for the 2016 season. This became Bethea's fourth different coach in the last four seasons. Head coach Chip Kelly retained Bethea and Eric Reid as the starting safety tandem to start the regular season. On September 18, 2016, Bethea recorded nine combined tackles, a pass deflection, and intercepted a pass by quarterback Cam Newton in a 45–27 loss at the Carolina Panthers in Week 2. In Week 4, he collected a season-high 12 combined tackles (11 solo) and broke up a pass during a 24–17 loss to the Baltimore Ravens. Bethea started all 16 games in 2016 recording 110 combined tackles (96 solo), three passes defensed, one forced fumble, and an interception in 16 games and 16 starts. Pro Football Focus gave Bethea an overall grade of 72.5 and ranked 66th among the 88 qualifying safeties in 2016.
On January 1, 2017, the 49ers announced the firing of head coach Chip Kelly after the team finished with a 2–14 record. On March 7, 2017, the 49ers granted Bethea's request to be released.
Arizona Cardinals.
2017.
On March 9, 2017, the Arizona Cardinals signed Bethea to a three-year, $12.75 million contract] that includes $4 million guaranteed and a signing bonus of $2 million.
Throughout training camp, Bethea competed against Tyvon Branch to be the starting strong safety. Head coach Bruce Arians named him the backup free safety behind Tyvon Branch to start the regular season.
On October 15, 2017, Bethea recorded five combined tackles, a pass deflection, and intercepted a pass by quarterback Jameis Winston during a 38–33 victory against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in Week 6. The interception marked his third consecutive game with a pick. The following week, he collected a season-high 11 combined tackles (ten solo) and a pass deflection in the Cardinals' 33–0 loss at the Los Angeles Rams in Week 7. He was surpassed on the depth chart by rookie first round pick Budda Baker after Tyvon Branch was placed on injured reserve for the remainder of the season. Bethea remained the backup strong safety behind Baker for the remainder of the season. On December 24, 2017, Bethea made three solo tackles, two pass deflections, and intercepted two pass attempts by Eli Manning in a 23–0 win against the New York Giants in Week 16. On December 26, 2017, the Arizona Cardinals placed Bethea on injured reserve after he tore his pectoral a muscle in Week 16. He completed the 2017 season with 57 combined tackles (47 solo), nine pass deflections, a career-high five interceptions, and a sack in 15 games and six starts. Pro Football Focus gave Bethea an overall grade of 86.7, which was the 13th highest grade among all qualifying safeties in 2017.
2018.
On January 2, 2018, head coach Bruce Arians announced his retirement and resigned as head coach of the Cardinals. The Arizona Cardinals hired Steve Wilks who became Bethea's sixth head coach in as many seasons. He was named the Cardinals starting free safety, starting in all 16 games. He finished the season with a team-leading 120 tackles, four pass deflections, and a career-high three sacks.
On March 8, 2019, Bethea was released by the Cardinals.
New York Giants.
On March 14, 2019, Bethea signed with the New York Giants.
In week 8 against the Detroit Lions, Bethea forced a fumble on wide receiver Kenny Golladay and recovered the football in the 31–26 loss. In week 9 on Monday night football against the Dallas Cowboys, Bethea intercepted a pass from Dak Prescott on the first play of the game and recovered a fumble forced by teammate Jabrill Peppers on Randall Cobb in the 37–18 loss.
On March 18, 2020, the Giants informed Bethea that they would not exercise his contract option, making him a free agent. On January 7, 2021, Bethea announced his retirement, after playing for 14 seasons in the NFL.
Personal life.
On July 30, 2013, Bethea's longtime college girlfriend, Samantha Romantini gave birth to a baby girl they named Siani. On June 28, 2014, Bethea married Romantini at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center in Washington D.C. The pair have since had two sons, born in 2016 and 2019.
He attended Denbigh High School in Newport News, Virginia where he was a three-year letterman in football and also lettered in basketball, where he earned all-area and All-conference honors in his senior year.
In December 2013, Bethea posed for PETA's anti-fur campaign.
In 2024, Bethea joined 51 other HBCU football alumni in endorsing Kamala Harris's campaign for president.

</doc>
<doc id="6985224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985224" title="Senior Note">
Senior Note



</doc>
<doc id="6985238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985238" title="Dbc pierre">
Dbc pierre



</doc>
<doc id="6985239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985239" title="Dens (anatomy)">
Dens (anatomy)



</doc>
<doc id="6985249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985249" title="Khoa do">
Khoa do



</doc>
<doc id="6985250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985250" title="Scantrons">
Scantrons



</doc>
<doc id="6985264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985264" title="List of Sudan-related topics">
List of Sudan-related topics



</doc>
<doc id="6985273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985273" title="Joel Moon">
Joel Moon

Joel Moon (born 20 May 1988) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played as a and in the 2000s and 2010s. He last played for the Leeds Rhinos in the Super League.
An Indigenous All-Stars and Exiles international representative, he previously played in the National Rugby League (NRL) for the Brisbane Broncos and the New Zealand Warriors. He commenced his Super League career with the Salford City Reds before switching to the Leeds Rhinos, with whom he won the 2015 Super League Championship.
Background.
Moon was born in Caloundra, Queensland, Australia, and attended Morayfield State High School, and played in the same team as future NRL players Matt Gillett, Jack Reed and Dane Hogan.
He started his rugby league career at Caloundra. He later was spotted by the Brisbane Broncos and moved to their feeder club in the Queensland Cup, the Toowoomba Clydesdales.
In 2005 Moon played for the Australian Schoolboys team, and also toured Britain with the Australian Institute of Sport. In 2007 he starred for Queensland under 19s against New South Wales in the curtain-raiser to the State of Origin series opener in May.
Professional playing career.
Broncos.
Moon made his first grade début for the Brisbane Broncos in round 14 2006 as part of the 'Baby Broncos' side that played during the State of Origin series. He joined fellow teenager David Taylor as the first Broncos that were not yet born when the club burst onto the scene in 1988.
After three games for the club, Moon then played the rest of the 2006 season with feeder team Toowoomba Clydesdales, whom he helped reach the Queensland Cup Grand Final after scoring nine tries. He attracted interest from Melbourne Storm for the 2007 season but decided to stay with the Broncos.
In NRL season 2007 Moon was selected in the centres for the opening game of the season against the North Queensland Cowboys. Moon played eleven games for the club and scored three tries. Moon was trialled as the fifth player to play at halfback for the club in 2007, before Bennett selected Michael Ennis as the long term option.
In 2008 Moon played seventeen games for the Broncos team and was good enough to attract interest from other National Rugby League sides such as the Canberra Raiders. However he signed with the New Zealand Warriors for 2009. When not selected for the first grade side, Moon turned out for the Norths Devils in the Queensland Cup.
Warriors.
Moon joined fellow former Broncos Denan Kemp and Brent Tate at the New Zealand Warriors for 2009, deciding to move due to the Warriors offer to give him the chance to play at his preferred position of five eighth.
However, he did not perform up to the hype, and was shifted to centre, where he impressed, and managed to score 4 tries in the 32 all draw with the Penrith Panthers at CUA Stadium. He was re-signed for the 2011 season.
Moon was named in the Indigenous All Stars team in 2011 as a replacement for Sam Thaiday.
Salford.
Moon signed with Salford for the 2012 and 2013 seasons. In 2012 Moon was selected to be in the Exiles squad by head coach Daniel Anderson, he narrowly missed out on selection for game 1 however he featured at centre for game 2 and help the Exiles retain the International Origin trophy with a 32–20 win.
Leeds.
Moon's signing, for an undisclosed fee, was announced on 21 November 2012. He was expected to fill the void left by former Leeds centre Keith Senior, who retired through injury. Moon made his début for Leeds on 1 February 2013, he scored in the 2nd half and was awarded with the man of the match. Having made an excellent start to his Leeds career, forming an excellent partnership with winger Ryan Hall, which led him to sign a new contract with the club in May 2014, keeping him at Headingley until 2018.
He played in the 2014 Challenge Cup Final victory over the Castleford Tigers at Wembley Stadium,
He played in the 2015 Challenge Cup Final victory over Hull Kingston Rovers at Wembley Stadium.
He played in the 2015 Super League Grand Final victory over the Wigan Warriors at Old Trafford.
He played in the 2017 Super League Grand Final victory over the Castleford Tigers at Old Trafford.
Return to Australia and Retirement.
On 17 October 2019, it was announced that Moon had returned to Australia, signing with Queensland Cup side Sunshine Coast Falcons for the 2020 season.
On 12 February 2020, it was announced that Moon had retired due to a chronic knee injury. He did not play a game for the Falcons.

</doc>
<doc id="6985278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985278" title="Tower of silence">
Tower of silence



</doc>
<doc id="6985279" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985279" title="Inner Harbor, Syracuse">
Inner Harbor, Syracuse

The Inner Harbor is a former industrial quarter of Syracuse, New York, situated at the center of a larger district long colloquially known as Oil City, and since 1989 rebranded as the Lakefront. The waterfront zone was originally considered to be limited to just that area bounded by West Kirkpatrick, Solar, West Bear, and Van Rensselaer streets, but it has been gradually enlarged by the process of familiarity and promotion to include the opposite sides of some of those streets.
The water at Inner Harbor's center can be variously viewed as the outlet of Onondaga Creek, or as a human-made extension southeasterly of Onondaga Lake, or as a small, seldom-utilized part of the modern Erie Canal. It has been the scene of more than three decades of development or redevelopment proposals, sponsored by the State of New York or the City of Syracuse, some of which has come online in the late 2010's.
Chronology of development.
The central waterway appears on the area's U.S. Geological Survey topographical map from 1939 labelled as the Barge Canal Terminal, so called because it served as a dead-end southerly spur—through Onondaga Lake—off of the Erie Canal, after that system's 1918 modernization and re-routing. An older 1895 topographical map shows the naturally winding course of Onondaga Creek had by then been partially straightened in the district, but not exactly along the modern footprint.
Much of the acreage surrounding the water was developed by the Thirties for storage tank farms for fossil fuels. Gasoline, diesel/fuel oil, and other refined products were at first delivered by barge, and later by pipeline.
The area was first publicly targeted for redevelopment in June 1988. At that time, the phrase "Inner Harbor" was borrowed from Baltimore, Maryland, and first applied in Syracuse when Robert Congel of The Pyramid Companies drafted a district-wide framework with then-Syracuse Mayor Thomas G. Young for the gradual, public-private transformation of all of Oil City. Since that time, the most notable completions have been focused at Pyramid's Destiny USA mall on the north end, and at significant redevelopment of old factory buildings in Franklin Square on the south end, where Pyramid was also involved.
Some of the fossil fuel tank farms were relocated under the city's eminent domain pressure to a new campus in the Town of Van Buren, off Herman Road, near the Thruway. That left large swaths of vacant, post-industrial acreage in the center of the zone. Some of this has been put to work as overflow parking for the mall. But, as for the rest, progress has been much slower than originally anticipated.
At the start, the Inner Harbor's only organic, native activity of any note was serving as home base for a substantial state canal maintenance facility, which historically included state-operated manufacture of its own fleet of various work boats.
In July 1993, the harbor area saw ground broken on that part of the Onondaga Creekwalk passing through. Expected completion was October 1993. The area would eventually qualify as a scenic waterfront park with the addition of park amenities and event facilities—including an overlook platform and amphitheater, and a sand beach volleyball court.
From May 1998 into 1999, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers was commissioned to hydraulically dredge the entire waterway. At the time, it was reported to have not been done for 28 years. Up to 60,000 cubic yards of sediment were allowed to slowly settle out from a slurry pumped into a system of dikes established alongside Van Rensselaer south of West Hiawatha.
From about 2001 onward, New York State spent about $15 million upgrading its piers, building the harbor master’s station, and making other improvements—all in hopes that the work would ultimately draw some kind of economic interest to the waterfront.  Instead, no marina materialized, few boaters came except for an occasional festival, and re-development plans stalled.
In 2011, the state Thruway Authority and its subsidiary Canal Corporation agreed to transfer 34 acres surrounding the Inner Harbor to the City of Syracuse, subject to certain conditions.  The move came during the administration of Syracuse Mayor Stephanie Miner, and it was taken in hopes that her City Hall could do a better job of lining up a plan. Over the previous decade, the state had failed in three separate attempts to find a developer.
In 2012, Cor Development Co. based in Fayetteville, NY, was chosen on the strength of a $350 million proposal to turn the area into a residential, hotel, retail, and office center over the course of what was then said to be five to ten years.
The project soon hit two significant delays: A legal dispute over tax breaks with Stephanie Miner's mayoral administration, which the city ultimately lost; and a federal corruption prosecution over state bid-rigging allegations unrelated to Inner Harbor, a case in which two Cor executives were eventually found guilty but are now appealing.
In July 2016, the first of Cor's projects, a local branch of Marriott's Aloft Hotels, opened at 310 West Kirkpatrick Street.
In October 2016, a second hotel—an Element-branded extended stay—won tax breaks and broke ground. It was intended to share a circular driveway with Aloft and to also overlook the water from the south side, but the work was suspended at a very early stage. Through the 2020 construction season, the site remains a crushed-stone parking area, and it was reconfigured on Cor's maps as a future restaurant-retail project.
Nearby at 720 Van Rensselaer Street, a second Cor project, the first phase of the Iron Pier Apartments, started leasing both its ground floor retail and upper floors living spaces in August 2019.
From Nov. 2018 into Summer 2019, the harbor had to be again dredged.  It cost $10.3 million and was overseen by the state.  The same land owned by the state along Van Rensselaer south of West Hiawatha was used as a settling site for the solids.
In Sept. 2018, a Cor executive appeared before the Syracuse Common Council and again forecast the entirety of the development would take ten years. The graphic concept plan displayed at the time showed a total of eleven components, some of which are broken down into separate parts. So far, what's done is all or part of three components:  The harbor master's house, which was previously built by the public sector; the Aloft hotel, which represents one of two projects intended to overlook the water from the south shore; and Iron Pier, which represents half of the planned set of mixed-use retail/residential.
Through late 2020, there are eight components still remaining to be started: townhouses fronting on Van Rensselaer and North Geddes; luxury apartments-parkview, situated close to the park's parking lot; luxury apartments-waterfront, which consists of two buildings to sit between Iron Pier and the water; an office building at the northwest quadrant of the intersection between West Kirkpatrick and Van Rensselaer; mixed-use retail/office, which is a set of three buildings conceived to occupy the zone between Solar Street and the water; retail/restaurant, which is a set of two buildings drafted so as to occupy the two docks; Onondaga Lake Science Center, a collaboration with SUNY College of Environmental Science and Forestry, Onondaga Community College, and LeMoyne College along the north side of the water; and a parking garage and office complex situated outside the block, southeast of the West Kirkpatrick and Solar intersection.
Also in Sept. 2018, Cor was reported to be planning to start two buildings in Spring 2019—one of the two luxury apartments-waterfront condo's; and one of the three mixed-use retail/office buildings opposite the water. The latter building was reported to eventually house Cor's headquarters, moving into the city from Fayetteville. Through the 2020 construction season, there is little evidence either has been started.
In December 2019, the Inner Harbor area's first significant organic development—outside of Cor's official footprint—was green-lighted. Bankers Healthcare Group won tax breaks in exchange for committing to build a $39.7 million headquarters off Solar, between West Kirkpatrick and Spencer. BHG's building, parking, and grounds will generally be sited south across West Kirkpatrick from the Aloft Hotel on six acres that formerly hosted a school bus company.  BHG plans a 5-story, 100,000-square-foot office that will house future staff additions, as well as existing staff moving from four separate offices in the Franklin Square and Armory Square areas.
In October 2020, the second significant near-Inner-Harbor development was announced. Equitable Financial Life Insurance Co. let it be known in an application for tax breaks that it wanted to spend $74 million moving more than 700 jobs from what was formerly known as MONY Towers downtown. By 2023, they planned to build a 125,000-square-foot building on 6.9 acres east of Solar and north of West Court, which is effectively a continuation easterly of West Kirkpatrick.

</doc>
<doc id="6985280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985280" title="Freak Power in the Rockies">
Freak Power in the Rockies



</doc>
<doc id="6985282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985282" title="Old Rhodes Key">
Old Rhodes Key

Old Rhodes Key is an island north of the upper Florida Keys in Biscayne National Park. It is in Miami-Dade County, Florida.
It is located just north of Broad Creek in the lower part of Biscayne Bay.
History.
Some of the earlier names for this island may have been "Old Road", "Jenyns Island", "Jenning's Island" and "Jenkyns".

</doc>
<doc id="6985291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985291" title="Black Bob (Shawnee chief)">
Black Bob (Shawnee chief)

Black Bob (Shawnee: Wa-wah-che-pa-e-hai or Wa-wah-che-pa-e-kar) (died 1862 or 1864) was a Native American Shawnee Chief. His band was a part of the Hathawekela division of the Shawnee. He was known for being one of the last Shawnee to resist leaving for the Indian Territory, and for keeping his band together until his death, holding their lands in common, as they moved between Missouri, Arkansas, and the Black Bob Reservation in Kansas.
Biography and family.
Black Bob was half Miami and half Shawnee. His father was killed at age 72, in 1860. After Black Bob's death, his widow lived east of Olathe, Kansas. He had relatives "among the Blackfeather people."
The Blackfeather Farm, in Overland Park, Kansas still exists as of 2013. "The original land patent [of the Blackfeather Farm] was awarded to To Wah Pea and her heirs on March 13, 1885. This site was part of the tract belonging to the Black Bob band. Joseph and Johnson Blackfeather were some of the heirs, hence the Blackfeather name associated with this land ... Settlers moved onto the land as soon as the war was over, and disputes over the land continued for 20 years."
History of the Black Bob Band ("Skipakákamithagî’") and the Black Bob Reservation.
Black Bob and his Hathawekela band, the Cape Girardeau Shawnee, lived on land controlled by Spain "in eastern Missouri on land granted to them about 1793 by Baron Carondelet, near Cape Girardeau." In 1808, Chief Black Bob and his band "refused to remove with the rest of the tribe to Indian Territory."
The Cape Girardeau band believed that government commissioners had misled them about the 1825 treaty and argued that they had never agreed to allow any Ohio Shawnees to settle on the western lands. As a result, a portion of the Shawnees under the leadership of Black Bob did not move to eastern Kansas and instead settled along the White River in Arkansas. Meanwhile, the Rogerstown and Fish bands traveled directly to eastern Kansas, where successive parties of Ohio Shawnees joined them over the next several years. A more complete reunion in 1833 occurred only through intimidation. Black Bob's band still had no desire to move to the Kansas River.
On Oct. 26, 1831, "General William Clark at Castor Hill in St. Louis County, Missouri, signed a treaty with representatives of the Delaware then in Kansas and the Cape Girardeau Shawnee (the Black Bob band) then in Arkansas, giving up all claim to the Cape Girardeau grant."
The Black Bob band had written directly to President Andrew Jackson, noting that "For the last forty years we have resided in Upper Louisiana," (which was now called Missouri), "peaceably following our usual occupations for the support of our families", explaining that the Shawnee lands in Kansas had "climate colder than we have been accustomed to, or wish to live in," and they would be "surrounded by people strangers to us." However, in 1833, this petition was denied.
Eventually, Black Bob's band "removed to the area of Kansas". In an 1854 treaty with Black Bob, "the United States gave them rights to land on the Shawnee Reservation in that state." The reservation became home to "2,183 Shawnees [from a variety of different bands] ... between 1825 and 1834. This 1.6 million-acre reservation stretched from the confluence of the Kansas and Missouri rivers west toward present-day Topeka.
The Black Bob Reservation (or Black Bob Reserve) was located in the southeastern part of Johnson County, Kansas, "at the sources of the Blue and Tomahawk creeks, lying in Oxford, Spring Hill, Aubry and Olathe townships," on 33,000 acres "in the Tomahawk Creek area near the current intersection of 119th and Black Bob [Road]."
The Black Bob Band became known as "Skipakákamithagî’" in the Shawnee language, "blue water Indians"; because they lived on the Big Blue River.
Black Bob’s band lived East of Olathe County ... He kept the band together until his death, but 1867 the speculators induced the Indians to get their land in severalty. 1857 there was 136 Black Bob Indians.
During the years of the Civil War, Shawnees from the Absentee-Shawnee and other bands fled to the 33,000 acre Black Bob Reservation as refugees.
A "record of land selections made by members of Black Bob's Band of Shawnee" can be found in the James Burnett Abbott Collection of the Kansas Historical Society.
The tribe held its lands in common until 1866, and "continued to live as had been their custom, making but little progress and spending most of their time in visiting other tribes and hunting, until the breaking out of the [Civil] war. Then, on account of the losses and sufferings to which they were subjected from bushwhackers on one hand, and Kansas thieves on the other, they left their homes and went to the Indian Territory in a body. There they remained until peace was proclaimed, when about one hundred returned to dispose of their lands."
Tribal members petitioned the US Government in the 1870s to "keep their land intact," noting that since the war, the band had been "composed largely of women and children." They also said that it is not their choice to divide their land, but "is an alternative urged on them by speculators who care nothing for our people, only so far as they can use us for selfish purposes." However, these petitions were not successful, the lands were sold to speculators. "The Black Bob Shawnee were expelled from their land ... and moved to Northeastern Oklahoma." There they joined the Absentee-Shawnee, "and claimed acreage assigned the Potawatomi."
Another account states:
The border troubles before and during the Civil War made it impossible for these Shawnees to remain on their land, and they went to the Indian Territory. Squatters took possession of the vacated lands. For a quarter of a century there was no settlement of the matter. Speculators and grafters flourished at the expense of the Indians. The matter was a standing scandal, settled finally by Congress and the Courts, and greatly to the disadvantage of the Black-Bob Shawnee.
A corroborating account which provides more specifics, states:
The Indians to whom the reservation belonged abandoned it near the beginning of the war. As it was most excellent land--fertile soil, well watered and timbered--settlers rushed in at the close of the war and soon every quarter-section of it was occupied by a claimant. This was in the years of 1865 and 1866. About the same time, certain other parties, not actual settlers on the lands, among whom were Gen. James G. Blunt, J. C. Irvin and Judge Pendery, conceived the design of buying up a portion of this land for the purposes of speculation. This was in October, 1867 ...
One author asserts that "Following his term as Indian Agent, Abbott teamed with land speculator H.L. Taylor to acquire some of the Black Bob land holdings. The two then illegally sold portions of their land to new settlers," and refers to a local school assignment titled, "Who Gets the Land?: Competing Visions of Abbott, Bluejacket and Black Bob."
"They attempted to sell their lands, but were interfered with by white squatters who claimed the first right to purchase. Matters were tied up in this shape until this act [of Congress] of Mar. 3, 1879."
The squatters on the Black Bob Reservation remained a topic of discussion as late as 1890 in The Indian Chieftain newspaper, published in Vinita, Oklahoma.
Legacy.
The Black Bob Band became one of the predecessors to today's Shawnee Tribe.
During the Civil War many of the Shawnee Tribe fought for the Union, which inspired the name, "Loyal Shawnee." Instead of receiving compensation or honors for their service, they returned to their Kansas lands, only to find much of it taken over by non-Indian homesteaders. Settlers were granted of Shawnee land, while remained to for the tribe, of which were granted to the Absentee Shawnee.
One researcher states that the "Loyal Shawnee" is a later name for the "Black Bob Band." The Black Bob Band's records were kept by the Shawnee Agency. Members of the Black Bob Band joined with the Absentee Shawnees and the Cherokee.
In 1861 Kansas became a state, and the non-Indian people of Kansas demanded that all Indian tribes must be removed from the state. The Loyal Shawnee made an agreement with the Cherokee Nation in 1869, allowing 722 to gain citizenship within the Cherokee tribe and receive allotments of Cherokee land. They predominantly settled in what is now Craig and Rogers County, Oklahoma. They became known as the "Cherokee Shawnee," primarily settling in the areas of Bird Creek (now known as Sperry); Hudson Creek (now known as Fairland); and White Oak. The Shawnee Reservation in Kansas was never legally dissolved and some Shawnee families still hold their allotment lands in Kansas.
Black Bob Park, Black Bob Road, Black Bob Bay, and Black Bob Elementary School in Olathe, Kansas are named after Chief Black Bob.

</doc>
<doc id="6985292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985292" title="Those Damned Blue-Collar Tweekers">
Those Damned Blue-Collar Tweekers

"Those Damned Blue-Collar Tweekers" is a song by the American rock band Primus. The song opens with Larry LaLonde on guitar and a reserved bassline from Les Claypool, from there alternating between his trademark slap bass and a quiet section for the vocals.
The song's narrative describes several different trades that the town's blue collar tweekers engage in, but, like many of the other story-telling songs in Primus's catalogue, lacks any clear, single meaning and leaves plenty of ambiguity in its lyrics. The song is about truck drivers and "blue-collar workers" using methamphetamine.
Live.
The band's Woodstock 1994 performance of the song was particularly notable, with Claypool beginning a bass rendition of the Star Spangled Banner in homage to Jimi Hendrix's guitar performance of the national anthem decades before, but eventually apologizing to the crowd by saying "Sorry, I had to do it" and returning to the song.
As of 2015, it is Primus's second most-performed song live. A live version of the song (performed at Primus' show at the Brixton Academy, London, England on July 13, 2011) also appears as an iTunes exclusive bonus track on the band's 2011 album, Green Naugahyde.

</doc>
<doc id="6985294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985294" title="Renee Chenault">
Renee Chenault



</doc>
<doc id="6985303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985303" title="Zane family">
Zane family

The Zane family was important to the early history and settlement of Western Virginia and the U.S. state of Ohio. Brothers Ebenezer (1747–1811) and Isaac Zane both served in the Virginia House of Delegates before moving westward. They laid out sections of the Ohio Country, including the municipalities of Zanesville and Zanesfield. Their sister Betty Zane (1759–1823), was a heroine of the Revolutionary War.
Then Zane family is originally from England. 
Isaac &amp; Myeerah gave birth to their son, Isaac Zane in 1777, in Zanesfield, Logan County, Ohio. He died on May 12, 1890, in Marseilles, Wyandott, Ohio. He was married to Hannah Dickinson, born on November 25, 1797, in Berks County, Pennsylvania. She died on November 14, 1886, in Quandary, Wyandotte, Kansas. 
Isaac and Hannah also gave birth to Ebenezer O. Zane, in March 1824. Ebenezer O. Zane married Rebecca Ann Barnes, born on November 15, 1827, in Beaver, Pennsylvania. She died on Marsh 26, 1916, in Kansas City, Wyandotte, Kansas. Ebenezer and Rebecca gave birth to several children. On March 20, 1847, Isaac O Zane was born in Ohio. He died in Ottawa, Kansas, on July 25, 1913. He had several siblings: Joseph, Edward, Hanna, Kate, Emma and William. He married Sara (maiden name unknown). DOB: May 11, (date unknown). 
Sara and Isaac O. Zane, gave birth to Lawrence G. Zane on May 13, 1873, in Mississippi. He died on February 12, 1902. He married Maud Chenowith, born 1875 in Illinois, and died in 1974 in Kansas. Laurence was given a land grant by Woodrow Wilson, in Colorado due to his membership in the Wyandotte tribe. 
Lawrence Gus Zane, was born in 1901 in the Kansas Territory. He died in 1938 while working for the railroad in an oil boom town called Ramona, Oklahoma. He was married to Lulu Mini Rodecker, born in 1902 in Arkansas. She was a member of the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma. Lulu died in June, 1994. She had two children: Betty Virginia Zane, born on November 22, 1933, and Herbert Donald Zane, born in 1922. Both children grew up in Ramona. Herbert Donald Zane served in World War I. He had no children. 
Betty Virginia Zane, had one child. betty married Joseph Amos Nichols, a Tulsa, Oklahoma, attorney born in 1913. Amos died in 1966. Their daughter was named Virginia Lu Nichols, born February 1966. Virginia married John Allen Frank, of Littleton, Colorado in 1989. 
Other places named for the family include:

</doc>
<doc id="6985306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985306" title="Tweedles">
Tweedles

Tweedles is a concept album by American art rock band The Residents. It was released on October 31, 2006. 
The CD is accompanied by a two-part book: the first half consists of the album's spoken lines, and the second half contains the lyrics of the songs.
It was recorded in 2006 when the Residents were invited by a friend in Romania to try out his new recording studios. As The Residents' own studio was undergoing maintenance to make it earthquake-resistant and could not be used for a year, they took the opportunity to record a new album.
Concept.
"Tweedles" tells the story of an "emotional vampire" from a first person perspective. He draws power from his well-developed ability to manipulate both men and women into seeing him as their perfect lover, at which point he uses that affection in order to secure sexual favors before moving onto his next victim, leaving confusion and pain in his wake while feeling nothing. The character is shown contemplating his internal conflicts, lack of empathy, and romantic idealism, which he deems "disgusting". Toward the end of the album it is revealed that Tweedles is the name of a clown alter-ego the narrator would have created if he had succeeded in becoming an entertainer.
Tabasco.
On January 1, 2010, The Residents released 'Tabasco', a collection of 3 instrumental demo tracks which would ultimately evolve into Tweedles. The album was sold through their digital download store, 'Ralph Sells Downloads'. On May 15, 2015, following the shut down of RSD, the album was re-released through the Ralphlet Outlet bandcamp page for a limited time. The second version features new artwork.
All three tracks are named after the classical elements. 'Air' features early versions of 'Dreams', 'Life', 'Isolation' &amp; 'Mark Of The Male'. 'Earth' features 'Stop Signs', 'Almost Perfect', 'Elevation', &amp; 'Keep Talking'. 'Water' features 'Brown Cow' 'Dreams' 'Shame On Me' 'Ugly' &amp; 'Susie Smiles'.

</doc>
<doc id="6985307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985307" title="No Motorcycles">
No Motorcycles



</doc>
<doc id="6985319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985319" title="Amaro">
Amaro

Amaro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6985322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985322" title="Quadrate tubercle">
Quadrate tubercle

The quadrate tubercle is a small tubercle found upon the upper part of the femur. It serves as a point of insertion of the quadratus femoris muscle, along with the intertrochanteric crest and the linea quadrata.
Structure.
The quadrate tubercle is located about the junction of the upper one-third and lower two-thirds, on the intertrochanteric crest. In a small anatomical study, it was shown that the epiphysial line passes directly through the quadrate tubercle. The quadrate tubercle is the site of insertion of the quadratus femoris muscle.
Variation.
The size of the quadrate tubercle varies. It is not always located on the intertrochanteric crest. Adjacent areas can also be part of the quadrate tubercle, such as the posterior surface of the greater trochanter or the neck of the femur.

</doc>
<doc id="6985327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985327" title="List of Timor-Leste–related topics">
List of Timor-Leste–related topics

This is a list of topics related to Timor-Leste. Those interested in the subject can monitor changes to the pages by clicking on "Related changes" in the sidebar.

</doc>
<doc id="6985330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985330" title="Antico Dalton">
Antico Dalton

Antico Dalton (born December 31, 1975) is a former professional American and Canadian football linebacker and defensive lineman. He was drafted in the sixth round of the 1999 NFL draft by the Minnesota Vikings. He played college football at Hampton University.
Dalton would also play for the New England Patriots, Berlin Thunder and Edmonton Eskimos during his professional football career.
He now coaches High School Football in North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="6985342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985342" title="Stylolite">
Stylolite

Stylolites (Greek: "stylos", pillar; "lithos", stone) are serrated surfaces within a rock mass at which mineral material has been removed by pressure dissolution, in a deformation process that decreases the total volume of rock. Minerals which are insoluble in water, such as clays, pyrite and oxides, as well as insoluble organic matter, remain within the stylolites and make them visible. Sometimes host rocks contain no insoluble minerals, in which case stylolites can be recognized by change in texture of the rock. They occur most commonly in homogeneous rocks, carbonates, cherts, sandstones, but they can be found in certain igneous rocks and ice. Their size vary from microscopic contacts between two grains (microstylolites) to large structures up to 20 m in length and up to 10 m in amplitude in ice. Stylolites usually form parallel to bedding, because of overburden pressure, but they can be oblique or even perpendicular to bedding, as a result of tectonic activity.
Classification of stylolites.
In structural geology and diagenesis, pressure solution or pressure dissolution is a deformation mechanism that involves the dissolution of minerals at grain-to-grain contacts into an aqueous pore fluid in areas of relatively high stress and either deposition in regions of relatively low stress within the same rock or their complete removal from the rock within the fluid. It is an example of diffusive mass transfer. Stylolites are formed by this process.
Stylolites can be classified according to their geometry or their orientation and relationship to bedding.
Geometric classification.
Park and Schot (1968) recognized six different geometries in stylolites:
Development.
A stylolite is "not" a structural fracture, although they have been described as a form of 'anticrack', with the sides moving together rather than apart. Proof exists in the form of fossiliferous limestone where fossils are crosscut by a stylolite and only one half still exists; the other half has been dissolved away. Rye &amp; Bradbury (1988) investigated 13/12C and 18/16O stable isotope systematics in limestone on either side of a stylolite plane and found differences confirming different degrees of fluid-rock interaction.
In order for a stylolite to develop, a solution into which minerals can dissolve needs to be present, along with a pore network through which dissolved solids can migrate by advection or diffusion from the developing stylolite. Stylolite development can be improved with porosity, as it localizes stress on grains, increasing the stress there. Therefore, it is suggested that bedding-parallel stylolites form in areas of high porosity, and most of the transverse stylolites form along preexisting fractures.
Significance.
Stylolites are significant in several fields. In petrology, stylolites are important because they alter rock fabrics and dissolve solids that precipitate as cement. In stratigraphy, weathering of stylolites generates apparent bedding in many stratigraphic sections and loss of material along stylolites can have a result similar to erosion, with significant stratigraphic thinning. In hydrology, stylolites prevent fluid flow and, in other settings, serve for fluid flow. Also, stylolites are indicators of compressive stress in tectonic studies, and development of transverse stylolites contributes to crustal shortening parallel to the direction of their column.

</doc>
<doc id="6985344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985344" title="Simultaneous translation">
Simultaneous translation



</doc>
<doc id="6985346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985346" title="List of social fiction writers and stories">
List of social fiction writers and stories



</doc>
<doc id="6985351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985351" title="Adorers of the Blood of Christ">
Adorers of the Blood of Christ

The Adorers of the Blood of Christ () are a Catholic centralized religious institute of consecrated life of Pontifical Right for women founded by Maria De Mattias in 1834. Their post-nominal letters are ASC.
The institute operates the Newman University in Wichita, Kansas.
History.
The Institute of the Sisters Adorers of the Blood of Christ was established by Maria De Mattias, on March 4, 1834, in Acuto, Italy. She founded it as an active apostolic teaching community, and opened a school for girls. Before long she was joined by others and schools were opened in the small towns of the Papal States and the Kingdom of Naples. On May 30, 1855, Pope Pius IX issued a “decree of praise” approving their work. In 1866, Maria De Mattias died in Rome of tuberculosis. By then sixty-four schools had been opened, including one in London.
In 1875, sisters from Italy established a house in Ruma, Illinois and a second in 1902 in Wichita, Kansas. Sisters from both Wichita and Ruma served the Catholic school in Rulo, Nebraska. In 1933, the Adorers of the Blood of Christ founded Sacred Heart Junior College in Wichita which eventually became Newman University. In March 2014, the order donated 2.5 million dollars to the university. The gift will be used to support emerging science initiatives on the Newman campus.
In October 1992, Sisters Barbara Ann Muttra, Mary Joel Kolmer, Kathleen McGuire, Agnes Mueller, and Shirley Kolmer were killed by soldiers during a civil war in Liberia. On January 24, 2008, Morris Padmore, a former combatant of the defunct National Patriotic Front of Liberia (NPFL) warring faction testified at the Truth and Reconciliation Commission that the nuns were raped and executed under the command of former NPFL general Christopher Vambo. The Adorers of the Blood of Christ were in Liberia since 1971.
Present day.
In July 2017, in Columbia, Pennsylvania, the Sisters went to court to oppose the construction of the Atlantic Sunrise pipeline on a right-of-way through their land. In September, a district court judge dismissed the Adorers' complaint. An "open-air" chapel was built in the middle of a corn field to protest the pipeline by erecting a place protected by the freedom of religion in the path of the pipeline to block its construction. A Williams Companies spokesman stated: "We find it ironic that the Adorers would challenge the value of natural gas infrastructure in the lawsuit, while at the same time promoting the availability and use of natural gas at their St. Anne's Retirement Community."
As of 2019, there were about 1,178 members. The motherhouse is in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="6985357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985357" title="Haptic poetry">
Haptic poetry

Haptic poetry, like visual poetry and sound poetry, is a liminal art form combining characteristics of typography and sculpture to create objects not only to be seen, but to be touched and manipulated. Indeed, in haptic poetry, the sense of touch (and, to a lesser extent, the other senses) is equal to, if not more important than, the sense of sight, yet both text-based poetry and haptic poetry have the same goals: to create an aesthetic effect in the minds of the intended audience.
History.
The history of "poetic objects" may be traced back to the Dada productions of Marcel Duchamp and Kurt Schwitters, and to the surrealistic boxes of Joseph Cornell (among others), as well as Fluxus objects and editions, but an even older tradition of charms, talismans, Gnostic gems, seals, and fetishistic objects exists. A further tradition exists in the use and exploration of braille in the creation of literary texts. Yet another and more recent tradition that feeds into the idea of "poetic objects" is the creation of artist's books.
The ever-widening application of haptic poetics to the burgeoning field of digital art, with the creation of increasingly sophisticated, interactive and virtual environments, has yet to be properly documented.
Haptic poets.
Contemporary haptic poets of note include Ian Hamilton Finlay (Scotland), and Ay-O.

</doc>
<doc id="6985368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985368" title="Bela Vista Futebol Clube">
Bela Vista Futebol Clube

Bela Vista Futebol Clube is a Brazilian football team from the city of São Gonçalo, Rio de Janeiro state, founded on May 10, 1977 in the city of Niterói.
Stadium.
The home stadium Alziro Almeida has a capacity of 4,000 people. The stadium is also known as "Alzirão".
Colors.
The official colors are red and white.

</doc>
<doc id="6985377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985377" title="Early Greek parties">
Early Greek parties

Early Greek parties were not features of the provisional and regional governments that were set up between 1821 and 1832. Nascent political parties were organized around a variety of interests and backgrounds, but regardless of these various factors, the political formations were named after one of the three Great Powers (Britain, France and Russia) that established the Kingdom of Greece in 1832.
History.
The political history of modern Greece begins with the start of the Greek War of Independence in 1821. Although political parties were not fully developed until the establishment of the Kingdom of Greece and the arrival of King Otto, many of the organizing interests and factions had already begun to gel by the time Ioannis Kapodistrias was elected as "Governor" in 1827. Greeks in that period were divided in a number of different ways:
Parties.
Eventually, these parties lost salience after the deposition of King Otto, when his successor, King George I was able to minimize the interference of the three Great Powers in internal Greek politics after 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="6985382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985382" title="San Germano">
San Germano

San Germano may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6985386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985386" title="Amblypygidae">
Amblypygidae



</doc>
<doc id="6985388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985388" title="Andreas Eberhard von Budberg">
Andreas Eberhard von Budberg

Andreas Eberhard Freiherr von Budberg-Bönninghausen (; 10 August 1750 – 1 September 1812) was a Baltic German diplomat who served as the foreign minister of the Russian Empire from 1806 to 1807.
Biography.
Born into the Baltic German noble family of Budberg, he was the son of Jacob von Budberg-Bönninghausen () and his wife, Marie Elisabeth von Below (1725–1782). His ancestors moved to Livonia in the 16th century from Westphalia. Budberg was born in Magnushof (now Mangaļmuiža Manor in Trīsciems, Riga) and entered military service in 1759. He participated in the Russo-Turkish War of 1768–1774. In 1783, Budberg was promoted to podpolkovnik. The same year Riga governor-general George Browne recommended Budberg to Empress Catherine II as a diplomat. In fact, Budberg had been serving in the army as an infantry officer and had no diplomatic experience. Brown did it because he was a good friend of Budberg's parents.
In 1784, he was appointed a tutor to Catherine's grandson Alexander I and held this position until 1795. In 1793, Budberg was sent to Stockholm to arrange marriage of Catherine's granddaughter Alexandra Pavlovna and young king of Sweden Gustav IV Adolf. Initially consent was given, but later Gustav IV Adolf renounced the betrothal. Two years later Budberg was appointed ambassador in Sweden. In 1799, Catherine II died and Paul I succeeded her. Paul I disliked Budberg and soon he was forced to resign.
In 1804, Alexander I appointed him to the State Council. Budberg was known for his distrust of Napoleon and in 1806, he became Minister of Foreign Affairs. However, in 1807, when the treaties of Tilsit were signed, he resigned and retired from politics.
Personal life.
He was married to Anna Helene Charlotte von Meck (1762-1799), daughter of Johann Gotthard von Meck (1731-1779) and his wife, Dorothea Elisabeth von Campenhausen (b. 1741). They had three daughters:

</doc>
<doc id="6985389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985389" title="Cornell Big Red Marching Band">
Cornell Big Red Marching Band

The Cornell Big Red Marching Band is the only corps style marching band (as opposed to a scatter band) in the Ivy League. It performs at all home, and most away, Cornell Big Red football games. In addition, the band has performed at halftime for numerous National Football League and Canadian Football League games, and began a tradition of an annual Spring Concert in 2006. Since 1972, the band has held a bi-annual march in New York City which takes place on dates when the Cornell football team travels to Columbia University, known as the Sy Katz '31 Parade.
History.
The band was first formed in the 1890s as a part of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps program.
The band remained under ROTC jurisdiction until 1948, at which time the band became affiliated with the Cornell Concert Band and the Cornell Repertory Band under the name Cornell Bands. After the BRMB left its military roots, it continued to evolve. Instrumental figures in overseeing these changes included William Campbell, the Director of Bands from 1947 to 1965, and Henry Romersa, assistant director and Drillmaster. Also crucial in these "silver age" bands was Nick Krukovsky '65, who for many years was the band's official cameraman/movie editor.
These changes would significantly alter the face of the band almost as much as its split from ROTC. With the admittance of women beginning in 1970, the BRMB became an increasingly social organization.
In previous years, the band aspired to be a Big Ten type marching band. However, during the early 1970s the band revolted against the strict disciplinary style of conventional marching bands and almost succumbed to campus pressure to become a scatter band like the other Ivy League bands. In 1971, the marching band became quite similar to the scatter bands in appearance, with the drum major wearing either a blazer or a dinner jacket. However, the band eventually returned to its traditional roots, and in 1978, the traditional drum major uniform returned for good. Rather than the high-stepping Big Ten style of marching, the band now uses a modern "corps-style" marching technique (similar to Southeastern Conference marching bands) during performances.
The Band continued its tradition of entertaining shows and musical excellence. In 1971, the Band welcomed the talents of new Assistant Director Greg Pearson. He had a definite vision for the band's musicality, from his arrangement of pre-game and halftime shows, to his decision to switch the band to the crescent (home team) side of Schoellkopf Field. While this moved the band away from the student section, it allowed the band to sound better with the concrete background and height offered by the crescent.
Alumni Association founded.
In 1982 the Big Red Bands Alumni Association was established. The BRBAA was founded as a way to maintain the financial and long-term security of the Band. Since then, the BRBAA has become one of the most active alumni groups at Cornell. During this time, band advisor Georgian Leonard spearheaded the first annual phonathon.
With the retirement of Professor Stith, Scott Jeneary came aboard as Big Red Band Music Director in 1989, and the position was later restructured and renamed Music Advisor. David Conn served as music advisor from the late 90s through 2004, succeeded by James Miller through 2006 and then Erin Otto. The position of music advisor is now typically occupied by a graduate student from Ithaca College. The band claims to be the largest student-run group in the Ivy League. Students handle nearly all responsibilities handled by directors with other marching bands, including managing budgets and charting drills.
Fischell Band Center.
For over a century, the Big Red Band was housed in a cramped room in Barton Hall. In 2013 the Fischell Band Center, a purpose-built home for the band, was completed adjacent to Schoellkopf Crescent on Kite Hill. The building is a three-story glass structure with slanted walls and ceilings for superior acoustics. It also includes display cases for memorabilia, photos, and uniforms.
Uniforms.
Prior to 1927, band uniforms consisted of "not quite white" hats, "not quite white" sweaters and "not quite white" duck trousers. New uniforms in bright red, with white belts and black and gold helmets were ordered that year by ROTC commandant Col. Joseph Beacham '97, at a cost of $2,500. A formal ball in Barton Hall was held to raise money for the new uniforms.
Prior to 2021, the uniform consisted of black pants with red vertical stripe, red coat with "Cornell" emblazoned on the front, black shoes, black gloves, white combination cap with a red "C".
The band debuted an all-new uniform design in September 2021 at the Homecoming game against VMI. The new uniform kept the black pants and red coat, and incorporates a black-and-white left sleeve with the word CORNELL in red. The new uniform also features the university seal on the upper right chest area.
Traditions.
Aardvark.
As originally performed, the aardvark was executed upright with the hands wiggling next to the ears. It has since evolved into a display during which the , suspended from a railing, ladder, or other fixed object, warbles a series of shrill, upper register pitches as he bends his spine backward and shakes his arms wildly. No one is certain why this traditional exhibition was named after the burrowing, insectivorous mammal native to South Africa.
Post Game Concert.
In 1947, as a result of an unfortunate incident which occurred during a gridiron encounter, the marching band started the tradition of a post game concert. In this particular game, a top-notch sophomore quarterback named Pete Dorset completed an amazing ten out of ten passes to lead Cornell to an upset 28–21 victory over Princeton at Palmer Stadium.
After the game, the jubilant members of the Big Red Band commenced to file out with the crowd as usual, but were beset by hecklers. Soon the band found itself involved in a small-scale riot. One Tigertown student snatched a trumpet; another attempted to wrest a tuba from its owner. Things quieted down quickly and the incident was soon forgotten. The next time the Big Red Band appeared at Princeton, it remained for an impromptu concert until the main body of spectators had filed out. The concert proved such a success that it was made a regular part of the band's schedule.
Victory Hats.
At the end of each winning football game, band members turn each other's hats around 180 degrees. They remain backwards until removed at the end of the performing day.
Alumni Band.
Each Homecoming weekend, Big Red Band alumni return to Ithaca, brush the cobwebs from their instruments, and join the Big Red Alumni Band. The first Alumni Band in 1982 was the brainchild of Drum Major Dwight Vicks III and Head Manager Bob Geise. The band grows in size each year as bandsmen from seven decades renew old friendships and find common bonds with fellow bandies from other eras.
Trumpet Push-ups, Flute-ups, and Sax-ups.
After the Cornell Big Red scores in football, the trumpet section demonstrates their appreciation by doing pushups for each point scored by the team. In addition, the flute section also joins in with a series of "flute ups"; the section tosses a member of their section into the air for each point scored. Recently, the saxophone section has begun a similar tradition by lifting their saxes in the air while counting the points scored.
Trombones.
The bones (trombone and baritone players) have a number of longstanding traditions to show their Big Red spirit and enthusiasm. The oldest of the section traditions, after the Big Red Band's final home halftime show of the season, the bones strip down into Hawaiian/loud shirts, shorts, and bare feet run around the track circling the football field and play the theme song to "Hawaii 5-O" as fast as possible.  The bones also play holiday carols in mid-December, serenading students across campus.
Sy Katz '31 Parade.
The Sy Katz '31 Parade is a biennial march in New York City which takes place on dates when the Cornell football team travels to Columbia. After the game, the Marching Band leads Cornell alumni, family, and friends down a short stretch of Fifth Avenue, ending with a concert in front of the Cornell Club of New York at 6 East 44th Street. The tradition was started in 1972 by Seymour "Sy" Katz '31 and was the length of one city block. The 2016 parade was headed by Provost Michael Kotlikoff as grand marshal. The 2018 parade, led by Cornell president Martha E. Pollack, marched from Rockefeller Center to the Cornell Club, attended by some 1,000 Cornell alumni, family members and friends. After a COVID-induced hiatus, the Big Red Band returned to the Big Apple for the parade on November 19, 2022, with honorary grand marshals Bill Welker '73 and Brian Adelman '09.
Pep Band.
The Cornell Big Red Pep Band is Cornell University's student-run pep band that performs primarily at Cornell Men's ice hockey, with frequent appearances at Women's ice hockey, Men's and Women's lacrosse and basketball, and occasional appearances at a diverse array of other events, such as wrestling, soccer, field hockey, building dedications, and other university events. Until 1986, the band was a subsidiary of the Cornell Big Red Marching Band, with the Marching Band's Drum Major serving as one of the two conductors, and the Pep Band's Head Manager was simply an elected member of the Marching Band's board. However, in November 1985, the Big Red Bands voted to make the Big Red Pep Band a separate organization in order for it to secure its own funding, have more independent direction, and cater to members who were not necessarily part of the Marching Band. However, there is still much overlap between the two organizations, with a majority of Pep Band members also being involved with the Marching Band, and the elected Pep Band Head Manager serving on the Marching Band's Board.
Beginning in the late nineties, the Pep Band began branching out from playing primarily for hockey games to play at the majority of home men's lacrosse games, numerous basketball games, along with other assorted events. Despite this, the band remains dedicated to hockey, appearing at all home games and a majority of away games.
Rehearsals and Performances.
The band performs at sporting events most weekends, with many weekends in the Spring semester containing two or more events in a single day. If the band is scheduled to perform at two conflicting times, the pep band manager splits the group based upon instrumentation and priority points. Those attending less popular events (e.g. Women's basketball) are rewarded with more priority points than more popular ones (e.g. Men's Ice Hockey.) This gives new members of the band a chance to accumulate priority points quickly and helps assure good instrumentation at less popular events.
Board and Conductors.
Every December, the Pep Band meets and elects the board for the next calendar year. The positions are:
In addition, 2 student conductors are elected at the end of each semester to serve for the next semester.
Instrumentation.
The Pep Band is allocated 51 tickets for home hockey games, and travels with 25 to 41 members to away games. Typical instrumentation for a home hockey game might be as follows :
However, instrumentation varies depending on availability of members and how many priority points members have accumulated by attending past performances and rehearsals. The Big Red Pep Band has been called one of the best pep bands in college hockey.
Music.
The Pep Band has a large and diverse repertoire, much of which consists of custom arrangements done by members of the band. This allows the band to go multiple events before it is necessary to repeat songs, and have enough shorter pieces to perform during stoppages in play to last even triple overtime games without repeating.
The actual pieces are widely varied, from traditional Cornell songs such as "Give my Regards to Davy"(the official fight song), the Alma Mater "Far Above Cayuga's Waters", and "My Old Cornell", to more modern pieces, such as The Who's "Pinball Wizard", "Everybody's Everything", "Rock &amp; Roll part 2", "España", "Paradise City", and "Gonna Fly Now".
The band also typically greets the Harvard University Men's Hockey Team (see Cornell-Harvard hockey rivalry) with "the theme from 'Love Story"', Michigan State University and Ohio State University with "The Victors," Colorado College with "DU, Rah!," Boston College with "The Notre Dame Victory March," Army with "Anchors Aweigh", University of Vermont with "Baby Elephant Walk" and University of Minnesota with "On, Wisconsin!."

</doc>
<doc id="6985390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985390" title="Wilhelmina Slater">
Wilhelmina Slater

Wilhelmina Vivian Slater (born Wanda Slater) is a fictional character in the American dramedy series "Ugly Betty". She is played by Vanessa Williams, who received a supporting actress award at the 2007 and 2008 NAACP Image Awards, a Best TV Villain award at the 2007 Teen Choice Awards and a supporting actress nomination at the 59th, 60th, and 61st Primetime Emmy Awards for her portrayal of the character. Her name is similar to Wilhelmina Cooper, a successful model who eventually established her own modeling company in the 1960s. In June 2010, "Entertainment Weekly" named her one of the 100 Greatest Characters of the Last 20 Years. In July 2012, she was on the #25 list of TV's Greatest Villains of All Time.
Background.
Wilhelmina is a conceited, self-absorbed diva and former supermodel who lives for two things: "MODE" and Botox. During the first two seasons she held the position of creative director of "MODE" magazine, having been with the magazine since at least 1981, when she was named Wanda and was Fey Sommers' personal assistant. Wanda promised to keep her pregnancy a secret in exchange for being transformed from "mousy assistant Wanda to supermodel Wilhelmina". Her numerous romantic conquests include Mick Jagger. 
Wilhelmina had numerous cosmetic surgeries, all paid for by Fey, to turn her into a beautiful woman. In 2007, her daughter Nico is sixteen years old, implying that she was born in 1991. If Wilhelmina is the same age as the actress who plays her, then Wilhelmina would have been around 28 years old when she had her first daughter. Nico is rumored to be the daughter of a Dubai prince, and Wilhelmina told Daniel Meade that Nico threw up on Giorgio Armani in 1994.
Along with this, Wilhelmina has stated in an interview for MODE that rumors previously flew about her sleeping with "everyone from John F. Kennedy to Madonna", and clarifying the rumors by stating that "only one of them is true".
Twenty-five years later, after Fey's sudden death, she was next in line to become the magazine's editor-in-chief. She is passed over, however, in favor of the less-experienced Daniel Meade, son of Bradford Meade, the Chairman of MODE's publishing company, Meade Publications, whom Wilhelmina thinks is not qualified for the job.
For this reason Wilhelmina launches a series of attempts to derail Daniel, but on account of Betty Suarez, Daniel's assistant, many of Wilhelmina's plans are thwarted. In her many years as Creative Director, she has acquired many minions in the fashion industry (including one from a rival magazine), whom she uses in order to reach her goal of becoming editor-in-chief. She has also kept a series of files on other well known figures, filled with information she could potentially blackmail them with if the need arose.
In the early episodes of the first season, Wilhelmina was also in league with a mysterious bandaged woman, who, as the series progressed, many clues linked to be Fey Sommers. It is finally revealed, however, the mystery woman is actually Alexis Meade, Daniel's older (male to female transgender) sister.
Wilhelmina's plan is revealed when Alexis tells her someone called her from Wilhelmina's office. After learning her assistant Marc was the caller, Wilhelmina is ready to fire him, but she finds herself backed into a corner after she lets slip her takeover plans. Consequently, Wilhelmina agrees to give Marc financial perks in order to keep him from spilling the beans.
Wilhelmina also kept a secret bulletin board in her office of people whom she wants to fire or keep when she takes over MODE. The board is divided into two sides. One side is labeled "In" and has a picture of Wilhelmina. The other side is labeled "Out" and has pictures of Daniel and Betty among those to be fired, as well as Amanda (Although Marc is lobbying to keep her on, Wilhelmina places her there because Amanda has slept with Daniel and believes she still might be attracted to him). Christina was originally placed in between as Wilhelmina was uncertain of her loyalty. She later bribed Christina with the possibility of a career so as to do her dirty work for her.
Wilhelmina's scheme to replace Daniel is again delayed, however, due to an injunction: although Bradford's Will states the elder son would take over Meade publications, Alex has since become Alexis. Wilhelmina refused to work until she becomes editor-in-chief. Despite her threats, the career-minded woman cannot help but find out the goings-on at MODE, so she orders Marc to carry a pot of orchids, in which she has placed a tiny camera, around the office of MODE. After she witnesses Alexis and Daniel bury the hatchet, Wilhelmina realizes Alexis has turned on her: when Alexis tells her she is keeping Daniel on board as editor-in-chief, Wilhelmina ends their partnership and now regards Alexis as an enemy.
When Wilhelmina later finds out that MODE legally belongs to Claire Meade, Bradford's wife, she visits her at the hospital where Claire is detoxing for her hearing. Wilhelmina hopes to manipulate her into signing a Power of Attorney, and she even tempts the alcoholic Claire with vodka on the condition Claire make Wilhelmina editor-in-chief. When Claire does not relent (Claire told her MODE "...will always be run by a Meade"), Wilhelmina resorts to seducing Bradford. She believes by doing this, it will convince Bradford that she can be the next Mrs. Meade, which would allow her to take over "MODE". She also assists Bradford in his scheme to get Alexis out of the country by recommending her counterpart at "MODE Brasil", Rodrigo, romance her.
In the season finale, Bradford gives Wilhelmina a gaudy engagement ring he designed himself, setting things up for a November 2007 wedding. When Wilhelmina learned Claire escaped while en route to prison, hoping to stop Bradford from marrying Wilhelmina in the second season, she hired a bodyguard named Dwayne, whose "protection" was caught off-guard by Betty and Christina, only to have Wilhelmina force Betty into keeping quiet and not tell Daniel by getting her father Ignacio back into the United States legally. She also manipulated an amnesiac Alexis (who was in the hospital after the car crash she and Daniel were in) into thinking they were still friends by telling her Claire was the one who walked out on Bradford. She also used a tactic at the annual Meade Black &amp; White Ball resulting in Bradford finally telling Claire their marriage was over for good.
However at the wedding, things started unraveling when Daniel found out about Wilhelmina's tryst with her bodyguard (and would later fire Betty for lying to him about it). After he told Bradford about this, Bradford blamed him for trying to stop the nuptials but just as he was about to say "I do," Bradford collapsed of a heart attack. At the hospital Wilhelmina tried to trick him into a quickie wedding with Marc as an ordained minister upon learning she could claim a stake in the company if she was legally married. When Bradford asked her if the affair was true, she didn't make eye contact, and Bradford told her it was over before he died, once again destroying Wilhelmina's schemes of taking over Meade Publications...or so everybody thought.
By using these tactics, along with tricking Daniel into dropping an advertiser because of Alexis (which resulted in a major boycott against MODE), Wilhelmina had already started plans to destroy the magazine and the Meade family altogether by "relaunching" "MODE" as "Slater" Magazine. But after she was terminated from Meade Publications, Wilhelmina secretly unveiled a virus disk called "Medusa X" and wiped out the entire magazine's database. She then informed Daniel and Alexis she will launch "Slater" as MODE's new competitor and lured the MODE staff over to her side by offering benefits and incentives. Unfortunately, after seeing those plans fall apart due to a lack of finances (her father would not help fund the world that took his daughter away from him), she turns to another scheme, using the sperm of Bradford Meade so she can become pregnant and produce an heir that will give her a piece of the company, as it turns out moments after Bradford's death, she bribed a morgue doctor into acquiring the sperm, which can remain alive for 48 hours, before Bradford was embalmed.
However, she would later learn she has a "hostile womb" and therefore cannot bear any more children. Thanks to Marc's suggestion, they find the perfect surrogate they can control and who is desperately looking for money; Christina. At first Christina turned her down because she didn't want a "Satan Spawn" growing inside her, but after Marc and Wilhelmina burned an expensive dress once owned by Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, which Christina was intent on selling to a collector, she gave in...and had Betty brought in for support, which upset Wilhelmina.
She also plotted to have her sister committed to an asylum to keep her away from Daniel Meade (whom she was dating), so the Meades would not discover her plans with Christina.
After revealing to the media her baby plans, she was re-instated as Creative Director by Alexis after managing to save "MODE" from possible embarrassment and save Claire Meade's magazine, "Hot Flash", all in the one day.
She later revealed her unborn child to the Meade family and subsequently made a dramatic return to Mode, thanks to Alexis. Wilhelmina became editor-in-chief of "Mode" magazine, but that position would not last long, as she was demoted back to creative director after sales for the new "Mode" plunged, thanks in part to Alexis regaining her trust in Daniel and Betty discovering a series of letters Marc gave her on purpose after he felt betrayed by Wilhelmina's ill-fated plan to mold Betty into the next "Wilhelmina".
She uses Christina's being pushed down the stairs to get more media coverage of herself and the un-born baby to make her look more "maternal." She then begins displaying emotion after learning of Christina's husband Stuart's illness and it is definitely terminal. When Christina is in the hospital after being pushed down the stairs by Alexis, she wakes up with Wilhelmina at her side and when photographers are trying to get more photos of a hurt Christina, Wilhelmina gets up and pulls the shade down over the window and then turns and smiles.
Wilhelmina would also use this ploy to get Alexis convicted for attempted murder by forcing Alexis to sell her stake in Meade Publications, only to be turned down after Alexis discovered Wilhelmina had slept with the District Attorney. However, when Claire learned of what Wilhelmina was doing with the DA, Claire made a deal with Wilhelmina by giving her 50% of the company (on condition it goes to the unborn child) and promoted her to co-editor-in-chief of "Mode".
Wilhelmina decides to hire a new chief financial officer for the company who is Connor Owens, a playboy whom Daniel seems to dislike which Wilhelmina thinks will give her an advantage. Wilhelmina gets Connor hired only to discover he and Daniel were faking their animosity although it turns out Connor doesn't play favorites with Daniel and wants to do what's best for the magazine. Wilhelmina tries to blackmail Connor but it doesn't work but in the course of their talks, she realizes she's attracted to him. Those plans seem undone when Connor mentions he has a fiancée, Molly. However, when Wilhelmina sees Molly and Daniel flirting at a company retreat, she conceives the idea to push the two together and leave Connor open to her.
Her baby is born at a fashion show on the catwalk after her surrogate could not exit the building except through the runway. Wilhelmina uses the media coverage to her benefit. It is revealed Connor is stealing from the company. Connor asks Wilhelmina to run off with him to an unnamed country, with all the money they'd ever need, and the baby, to start a new life together. Wilhelmina chooses her career instead, and has arranged to turn in Connor, but he left earlier than he indicated, as he suspected she would do this. Wilhelmina tells Betty one can never have it all, as Wilhelmina could not have both career and love.
Late in the third season, doubts surface as to baby William's true parentage. A photographer comments on William's resemblance to her surrogate, Christina. Wilhelmina consults a doctor who tells her William might be Christina's. If Christina and her husband had sexual intercourse at the time of William's conception, a DNA test will be required to determine who William's parents are. Wilhelmina shows Christina fake results, but Christina refuses to believe them and kidnaps William. Betty persuades Wilhelmina to tell the truth, which she does not only publicly, but also secretly to Calvin Hartley, who demands Wilhelmina keep her role at Mode before he will invest in the company. The alternative would be the failure of Meade, so the Meades must accept this deal. William, meanwhile, goes to his real parents.
During the season 3 finale, she discovers Claire Meade had an illegitimate child with Cal Hartley and plans to use this information to force Claire to step out of her sudden position of power. However, Claire artfully fixes the situation for herself and confesses everything to Cal first, including how Wilhelmina used the information for attempted blackmail. As a result, Wilhelmina goes back to being under heavy suspicion with the company. At the end of the finale, she is seen hiring a manhunter to track down Connor, stating she feels the only way she can keep her position in the company is to find Connor...dead or alive, and take back the lost money in order to push Cal out. After the manhunter leaves, she is seen walking into a room, and upon seeing someone, drops her shot glass, obviously shocked at this mystery person's appearance. In the season 4 premiere however, we found out that it was her daughter Nico, who was covered in blood as she had just killed her boyfriend. In Plus None we find out that Nico didn't really kill her boyfriend, she is just trying to extort money from Wilhelmina, with her boyfriend posing as a private investigator blackmailing the Slaters. In desperation, Wilhelmina planned to flee the country with Nico, and resigned from her position at Mode effective after the upcoming "Fearless shoot" in the Bahamas. However, Marc later overheard Nico and her boyfriend scheming, and after initially refusing to believe him, Wilhelmina set a trap for Nico by showing her an expensive family heirloom that they could use to pay off the blackmailer. Nico took the bait, and was caught red-handed and confessed to everything. Wilhelmina later learned from Claire Meade that Connor had been found dead in Panama, and having lost everything, Wilhelmina broke down in tears. After Marc demanded a vacation, Wilhelmina forced Betty into becoming her assistant on the Bahama's trip, but after learning that her rival had taken a job she desired, Wilhelmina momentarily gave up, and began eating cheeseburgers on a private beach, only to be approached by Connor, alive and well. The pair shared a romantic trip together, and planned to escape together, but moments before their boat arrived, the police arrived having received a tip off that Connor was at the hotel, and realizing he had been caught, he insisted that Wilhelmina pretend that she had been the one to turn him in, in order to get her position back at Mode.
Back home, Wilhelmina continues to secretly meet Connor in prison; the perks of having a Senator for a father granting her daily conjugal visits. Wilhelmina, however, pretends to Daniel that she is no longer interested in Connor but that if he re-instates her in her old capacity, she will retrieve the money from Connor, who is still in love with her. The plan pays off and Wilhelmina and Daniel use the recovered Meade money to buy out Cal Hartley.
In "Back in her Place" Connor is becoming increasingly worried that Wilhelmina is becoming too attached and is missing out on her chance at a real life by continuing their relationship whilst he is still in prison. Wilhelmina, in order to prove she is committed to him and will wait as long as it takes, tells him they are getting married. When she shows up in the prison to be married, the guard tells her that Connor was transferred to another prison that morning. Connor has left her a note, in which he says he did it for her, and he loves her too much to put her through this.
In "The Past Presents the Future" Wilhelmina is shot by Tyler, Claire's illegitimate son with Cal Hartley. In the following episodes Wilhelmena makes a recovery from this wound, and awakens to find Connor by her bedside, having talked a guard into releasing him to come see her. He admits he was not transferred but told her this only so she would move on without him, but tells her he realised he can't live without her. The revelation of Connor back in her life makes her want to put the past behind her and become a new woman; however, after this Claire visits her and offers Wilhelmina a bribe to say that Tyler did not shoot her. Insulted by this, she throws Claire out her hospital room and rips up the check. As she is preparing to leave the hospital she tells Marc that she had been prepared to let it all go but after Claire's offer, she now wants to stake claim to the entire company. Marc; tired of his boss's endless scheming, tells her she'll never be happy and leaves her.
Later she announces at a press conference that Claire did not shoot her (as media had speculated due to their fight) and prepares to name Tyler as her assailant. However, seeing Marc in the background brings her to her senses as his earlier words hit home and she instead insists it was an accident, much to Tyler and Claire's relief. In the series finale, Daniel Meade steps down as co-editor-in-chief of Mode and Wilhelmina becomes the sole editor-in-chief of Mode; her goal throughout the series. Daniel realises that Wilhelmina is not entirely a bad person, and that he was handed the job while she truly earned it.
In Wilhelmina's last scene, we see her in prison, talking with Connor. She tells him she has managed to acquire him a new cellmate from whom the FBI need a confession. She assures him that, with his persuasive manner, he can extract a confession, resulting in his sentence being drastically reduced. She seems to have finally turned over a new leaf, ending her feud with Claire, bidding Betty farewell, and vowing to end the schemes. With the job she always wanted, and Connor back by her side, Wilhelmina gets the happiest ending of all.
Family life.
Wilhelmina is the daughter of a United States senator, a hard man who is never satisfied with his daughter's achievements. She never addresses him as "father" or "dad" but instead as "The Senator." His reason for not being supportive of Wilhelmina's ambitions is that she had gone on to be cold and distant and she was no longer the daughter he once knew and loved. In "Family/Affair" Betty and Christina see a picture of her with Dick Cheney, suggesting she is a supporter of the Republican Party; in "Bananas for Betty" she admitted she never liked Rudy Giuliani during his mayoral days, but praised him for cleaning up the city. Wilhelmina reveals in "Trust, Lust, and Must" that while she was a student at the Salem Academy, she performed a private dance for Mikhail Baryshnikov. She lives at 33 Fifth Avenue in Manhattan, as seen from the canopy of her apartment building in exterior shots.
She also has a strong-willed teenage daughter, Nico, introduced in the episode "The Lyin', the Watch and the Wardrobe" who has attended a succession of boarding schools and rarely lived with her mother. The name and identity of Nico's father and the length and details of his marriage or romantic involvement with Wilhelmina has never been addressed, but in Nico's first appearance it was mentioned he currently lives in Dubai, implying he is probably extremely wealthy from oil interests. Although, on bettysuarez.com it states Wilhelmina had once dated the Prince of Dubai. It is also implied her father knows of and financially supports Nico but, like Wilhelmina, takes little active interest in his daughter's day-to-day life. Despite their differences, Wilhelmina has shown willingness to improve their relationship, such as cooking a traditional Thanksgiving meal when Nico unexpectedly visited during the holidays, only to learn Nico had made other plans, in one of Wilhelmina's few sympathetic moments. Nico returned after she was suspected of murdering her boyfriend, but was actually hatching a scheme with her boyfriend, who was posing as a detective, to extort money from her mother.
In Bananas for Betty, Wilhelmina revealed she arranged to have Bradford's sperm extracted after his death in "I See Me, I.C.U. She decided to produce an heir, giving herself a third of the Meade fortune and a place at the company again until the heir comes of age. Because she has a hostile womb, she bribed the seamstress Christina McKinney (played by Ashley Jensen), into being her surrogate. The baby boy was born in There's No Place Like Mode.
Wilhelmina's younger sister, Renee (played by Gabrielle Union), was introduced in the episode "A Thousand Words Before Friday". Renee had a night of sex with Daniel Meade who did not know she was Wilhelmina's sister or that he was in Wilhelmina's apartment until the next morning. Wilhelmina implies Renee's birth name is "Rhonda."
The Slaters' first names are based on real names from the world of modeling: The Wilhelmina character is named after the legendary supermodel, who worked with Gia Marie Carangi before her death, and the modeling agency of the same name, while the Nico character is named for the famous Warhol superstar icon.
Fashion and style.
Much of Wilhelmina's sophisticated wardrobe revolves around the colors white, silver, gold, and brown in the first two seasons. In a deleted scene from the season 1 DVD, Wilhelmina is seen looking at her closet full of outfits as she tries to rearrange them by the aforementioned colors.
In one episode, Wilhelmina is referred to as "A Chanel suit with an office."
She is often seen wearing fur, and in an episode where she needed to come up with money for a photographer by selling out of her wardrobe, both lynx, sable, chinchilla and mink is shown amongst her wardrobe. The character is inspired by Vogue editor Anna Wintour, who like Wilhelmina is famous/notorious for her demanding elitism and wearing fur. Wilhelmina's measurements were revealed to be 36-24-36.
Personality.
Wilhelmina is portrayed as a mostly villainous character, and she serves as the primary antagonist in the series. She is shown to be a cunning, ruthless and scheming manipulator who uses everybody to her own advantage and is willing to go to any lengths to further her goals of power and domination. She is portrayed as a driven, narcissistic and amoral socialite who readily exploits everyone around her to get what she wants. However, despite her somewhat sociopathic tendencies, Wilhelmina does have a human side to her character. Despite abusing, controlling, deceiving and manipulating virtually everyone around her, she is shown to care for her closest ones, mostly her daughter (despite a tormentous relationship) as shown when she is willing to sacrifice her own career to protect her from going to jail. She also grows to care for Marc whom she eventually calls the "only real man" in her life.
Wilhelmina, despite her cold calculating ways, is also shown to be willing to abandon her career to develop relationships with men, as shown in the first season when she readily abandons her scheme with Alexis to pursue a relationship with Ted LeBeau, or when she actively pursues Connor despite his arrest warrant and the implications it'd have on her life to be romantically involved and in cahoots with him.
At the end of the series, Wilhelmina ends up putting her scheming ways behind her to "do the right thing.” Because of that, she is rewarded with what she looked for during the whole time at "Mode": being the one and only Editor in Chief"," which came the one time she didn't plot or connive. She also finally makes peace with the Meades and Betty.
Minions.
Originally, Wilhelmina was supposed to be so mean she would fire an assistant every week, but Marc proved to be a popular character and got the job permanently.
Among the people Wilhelmina uses in her scheming besides Marc and Christina (despite having mixed feelings about the latter because of Christina's friendship with Betty) are:

</doc>
<doc id="6985391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985391" title="Sabre-toothed tiger">
Sabre-toothed tiger



</doc>
<doc id="6985392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985392" title="Adams Key">
Adams Key

Adams Key is an island at the northern part of the upper Florida Keys in Biscayne National Park. It is in Miami-Dade County, Florida. It is located west of the southern tip of Elliott Key, on the north side of Caesar Creek in the lower part of Biscayne Bay. The key is only accessible by boat, and overnight docking is prohibited.
History.
The earlier name for this island was "Cocolobo Key". It was the site of the Cocolobo Cay Club, a private resort. Everything on the island, including the still-standing buildings of the club, was destroyed in 1992 when Hurricane Andrew passed almost directly over Adams Key.
It was named Adams' Key on U.S. Coast &amp; Geodetic Survey of 1862.
According to the local legends, the island served as a base for "Black Caesar", a pirate.

</doc>
<doc id="6985395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985395" title="Obelisk Beach">
Obelisk Beach

Obelisk Beach (part of Obelisk Bay) is a nude beach in Mosman, New South Wales, Australia.
The beach is on the southern side of Middle Head in Sydney Harbour and is part of Sydney Harbour National Park. 
Coordinates: 
History.
Prior to European settlement in 1788, the area was inhabited by Indigenous Australians speaking the Guringai language. Aboriginal sites are found in the bushland all around Georges Head. The arrival of smallpox with European colonists meant that by 1795, the Aboriginal population on the northern side of Sydney Harbour had declined by as much as 90%.
In 1815, Governor Lachlan Macquarie dubbed Bungaree "Chief of the Broken Bay Tribe" and presented him with of land on Georges Head. He was also known by the titles "King of Port Jackson" and "King of the Blacks". Bungaree spent the rest of his life ceremonially welcoming visitors to Australia, educating people about Aboriginal culture (especially boomerang throwing), and soliciting tribute, especially from ships visiting Sydney. Bungaree and his family kept a fishing boat on the beach.
In the early 20th century, the beach was painted by artists such as Herbert Reginald Gallop, as well as being a popular site for picnics.
The beach is attended predominantly by homosexual men, and is considered a 'gay-friendly' beach by some.

</doc>
<doc id="6985399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985399" title="List of Aramaic place names">
List of Aramaic place names

This is a list of Aramaic place names; list of the names of places as they exist in the Aramaic language.

</doc>
<doc id="6985400" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985400" title="Gisevius">
Gisevius



</doc>
<doc id="6985401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985401" title="Femoral neck">
Femoral neck

The femoral neck (also femur neck or neck of the femur) is a flattened pyramidal process of bone, connecting the femoral head with the femoral shaft, and forming with the latter a wide angle opening medialward.
Structure.
The neck is flattened from before backward, contracted in the middle, and broader laterally than medially.
The vertical diameter of the lateral half is increased by the obliquity of the lower edge, which slopes downward to join the body at the level of the lesser trochanter, so that it measures one-third more than the antero-posterior diameter.
The medial half is smaller and of a more circular shape.
The anterior surface of the neck is perforated by numerous vascular foramina.
Along the upper part of the line of junction of the anterior surface with the head is a shallow groove, best marked in elderly subjects; this groove lodges the orbicular fibers of the capsule of the hip joint.
The posterior surface is smooth, and is broader and more concave than the anterior: the posterior part of the capsule of the hip-joint is attached to it about 1 cm above the intertrochanteric crest.
The superior border is short and thick, and ends laterally at the greater trochanter; its surface is perforated by large foramina.
The inferior border, long and narrow, curves a little backward, to end at the lesser trochanter.
Angle of inclination.
The angle is widest in infancy, and becomes lessened during growth, so that at puberty it forms a gentle curve from the axis of the body of the bone. In the adult, the neck forms an angle of about 125° with the body, but this varies in inverse proportion to the development of the pelvis and the stature. The angle decreases during the period of growth, but after full growth has been attained it does not usually undergo any change, even in old age; it varies considerably in different persons of the same age. Coxa vara is a deformity of the hip, whereby the angle between the head and the shaft of the femur is reduced to less than 120 degrees. Its opposite is coxa valga.
In the female, in consequence of the increased width of the pelvis, the neck of the femur forms more nearly a right angle with the body than it does in the male.
It is smaller in short than in long bones, and when the pelvis is wide.
In addition to projecting upward and medialward from the body of the femur, the neck also projects somewhat forward; the amount of this forward projection is extremely variable, but on an average is from 12° to 14°.
Fracture.
A fracture of the femoral neck is classified as a type of hip fracture. It is often due to osteoporosis; in the vast majority of cases, a hip fracture is a fragility fracture due to a fall or minor trauma in someone with weakened osteoporotic bone. Most hip fractures in people with normal bone are the result of high-energy trauma such as car accidents, falling from heights, or sports injuries.
For low-grade fractures (Garden types 1 and 2), standard treatment is fixation of the fracture in situ with screws or a sliding screw/plate device. In elderly patients with displaced or intracapsular fractures many surgeons prefer to undertake a hemiarthroplasty, replacing the broken part of the bone with a metal implant. In elderly patients who are medically well and still active, a total hip replacement may be indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="6985402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985402" title="Femoral head">
Femoral head

The femoral head (femur head or head of the femur) is the highest part of the thigh bone (femur). It is supported by the femoral neck.
Structure.
The head is globular and forms rather more than a hemisphere, is directed upward, medialward, and a little forward, the greater part of its convexity being above and in front.
The femoral head's surface is smooth. It is coated with cartilage in the fresh state, except over an ovoid depression, the fovea capitis, which is situated a little below and behind the center of the femoral head, and gives attachment to the ligament of head of femur.
The thickest region of the articular cartilage is at the centre of the femoral head, measuring up to 2.8 mm.
The diameter of the femoral head is usually larger in men than in women.
Fovea capitis.
The fovea capitis is a small, concave depression within the head of the femur that serves as an attachment point for the ligamentum teres (Saladin). It is slightly ovoid in shape and is oriented "superior-to-posteroinferior. (Cerezal)" This orientation might be favorable for the tensed fibers of the ligamentum teres. The fovea capitis is located "slightly posterior and inferior to the center of the articular surface of the femoral head (Cerezal)" Unlike the head of the femur, the fovea capitis lacks any hyaline cartilage. The fovea capitis may contain vascular canals in two-thirds of individuals, but "their contribution to femoral head vascularity varies. (Cerezal)"
Clinical significance.
If there is a fracture of the neck of the femur, the blood supply through the ligament becomes crucial. The head of the femur is relevant to orthopedic surgery because it can undergo avascular necrosis and consequent osteochondritis dissecans. The femoral head is removed in total hip replacement surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="6985404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985404" title="Quadrate line">
Quadrate line

A slight ridge is sometimes seen commencing about the middle of the intertrochanteric crest, and reaching vertically downward for about 5 cm. along the back part of the body: it is called the linea quadrata (or quadrate line), and gives attachment to the Quadratus femoris and a few fibers of the Adductor magnus.

</doc>
<doc id="6985405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985405" title="Student global aids campaign">
Student global aids campaign



</doc>
<doc id="6985417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985417" title="Best Laid Plans (Sandra McCracken album)">
Best Laid Plans (Sandra McCracken album)

Best Laid Plans is a studio album from Sandra McCracken, recorded in late 2003 with engineer, Ray Kennedy (Twang Trust) and Peter Collins.
In the summer of 2004, Sandra signed the album to Shell Records in London. Shell released the album in the UK, followed by two radio singles, "Last Goodbye" and "No More Tears", which received significant airplay and attention across England, Scotland, Wales and Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="6985418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985418" title="Discpleship">
Discpleship



</doc>
<doc id="6985419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985419" title="Late Summer Blues">
Late Summer Blues

Late Summer Blues () is an Israeli feature film directed by Renen Schorr, written by Doron Nesher and produced by Ilan de Vries. Initially released in 1987, the film was a box office hit and went on to become an Israeli classic. In 2016, after undergoing extensive digital image and sound restoration, it was rereleased to cinemas, becoming the first Israeli film to do so.
Plot and characters.
The film is divided into four episodes, each named after its protagonist:
Development and production.
Renen Schorr first wrote the film's outline in 1976, while still a student at Tel Aviv University's film department. It was based on his experiences with his own class, who wrote the famous "Senior's Letter" in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem in 1970, during the War of Attrition. The letter, addressed to Prime Minister Golda Meir, stated that the class would willingly draft (military service is mandatory in Israel), but only under the condition that the government will commit to reach peace as soon as possible and by all means necessary. By writing this letter, they in effect publicly doubted the government's commitment to peace. This was the first time an organized group of high school seniors in Israel stood up and asked the government questions, instead of being conformists like their parents..
Two years later, Doron Nesher, then a young Israeli actor who had already taken part in George Roy Hill's The Little Drummer Girl, joined Schorr in writing the screenplay. Nesher and Schorr wrote seven drafts between 1978 and 1985, all rejected by the Israel Film Fund. Parallel to that, they weren't able to raise funds from private investors, as the screenplay was much different than the other films depicting youth produced in Israel at the time. Pacifist protagonists and political discussions were considered "box office poison". Moreover, the Ministry of Industry and Commerce, who financed the grants for Israeli cinema at the time, refused to grant basic support to the film, implying that it was "anti-Israeli and catering to the PLO's interests."
In 1985, the Israel Film Fund, supported by the Ministry of Education and Culture, finally approved the film's production. That winter, the film began shooting with a low budget of $150,000, and was the first full-length film for most of the cast and crew.
While casting, Schorr searched for actors with a "typical" Israeli look, and wasn't afraid to cast unknown actors and "non-actors", hoping to create a "fuller" Israeli experience. A large part of the film's concept was connecting with Israeli and Tel Avivian culture, out of pride of it, and despite commercial considerations. The music and songs that accompany the film were chosen due to their iconic status in Israeli culture, each triggering emotions and thoughts deep in Israel's collective psyche.
During rehearsals, to connect the young cast to the 1960s feeling of "changing the world", Schorr and Nesher shared and studied a large collection of records (Bob Dylan, Leonard Cohen, Jimi Hendrix, The Doors, Janis Joplin), books (by Herbert Marcuse, Viktor Frankl and more) and films (Rebel Without a Cause, Hair, The Deer Hunter Alice's Restaurant, Breaking Away and more) with them.
Release and reception.
The film premiered as the 1987 Jerusalem Film Festival's opening film, the first Israeli film to do so. The film was released commercially immediately afterwards, gaining both critical and commercial success, eventually screening to over 250,000 cinemagoers. Distributed by Kino International and Janus Films, the film was released commercially in the United States and Canada, a rare achievement for an Israeli film at the time.
The film has been included on many critics' and public polls as one of the best Israeli films of all time.
"New York Times" Jerusalem bureau Chief Thomas Friedman was present at the premiere and subsequently wrote the cover story in the Arts &amp; Leisure section of the Times on August 9, 1987. "The film ostensibly is about seven Israeli 18-year-olds during their summer break between high school graduation and induction into the army. Although the movie takes place in 1970, it could have been about last summer – and that is the point. For Israeli 18-year-olds nothing has changed," he wrote.
Festivals and awards.
The film won the 1988 "Silver Menorah" (an predecessor of the Ophir Awards) for Best Film, Best Screenplay (Doron Nesher) and Best Musical Score. In addition, the film won Best Film at the 1988 Israeli Film Festival both in New York and Los Angeles.
The film premiered internationally in competition at the 1987 Montreal International Film Festival. It was screened at over 30 international film festivals, including: Toronto, Moscow, Chicago, Los Angeles, Hong Kong, Dublin, Vienna, Vancouver and more.
Stage musical adaptation.
In 2023, the Beit Lessin Theater in Tel Aviv premiered a stage adaptation of Late Summer Blues written by Oren Yaacobi, directed by Yotam Kushnir, with lyrics by Elai Botner and Oren Yaacobi and score by Elai Botner and Amir Lekner.

</doc>
<doc id="6985423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985423" title="George Rogers Clark Floyd">
George Rogers Clark Floyd

George Rogers Clark Floyd (September 13, 1810 – May 7, 1895) was an American politician and businessman. He served as the Secretary of the Wisconsin Territory from 1843 to 1846, and served in the West Virginia House of Delegates from 1872 to 1873.
Family.
Floyd was born in Christiansburg, Virginia, son of former Virginia Governor John Floyd and Lelitia (Preston). Floyd was the brother of Virginia Governor John B. Floyd. He married Ellen Mead and they had eight children, including John B. Floyd (November 13, 1854 – April 15, 1935) who also went to serve in the West Virginia House of Delegates and West Virginia Senate.
Career.
President John Tyler appointed Floyd as Secretary of the Wisconsin Territory on October 30, 1843, and served in this capacity until February 24, 1846, when a successor was appointed. He continued to live in Dane County, Wisconsin Territory, and served as colonel of the Dane County militia from 1846 to 1847. He returned to Wythe County, Virginia, where he became a farmer. He operated a coal and salt property in Warfield, Kentucky, but the business did not do well. Augustus C. Dodge, of Iowa brought forward a joint resolution in the United States Senate on July 12, 1852, for the "relief of George R. C. Floyd, late Secretary of Wisconsin Territory, and sureties..." It was referred to the Committee on Finance. It passed the Senate, for on July 27, 1852, it was presented to the United States House of Representatives. He sold his property to his brother John B. Floyd on March 3, 1857, and moved to Logan County, West Virginia, to look after some mineral and timber property he had an interest in. In 1872, he was elected as a delegate to the West Virginia House of Delegates, serving in the 11th West Virginia Legislature, which convened shortly after the election in 1872 and adjourned in December 1873.

</doc>
<doc id="6985426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985426" title="Edwin Baird">
Edwin Baird

Edwin Baird (; June 28, 1886 in Chattanooga, Tennessee– September 27, 1954) was the first editor of "Weird Tales", the pioneering pulp magazine that specialized in horror fiction, as well as "Detective Tales", later re-titled "Real Detective Tales".
Career.
Baird, hired by "Weird Tales" publisher J. C. Henneberger, put out the magazine's premiere issue, dated March 1923. Over the course of the next year, Baird published some of the magazine's most famous writers, including H. P. Lovecraft, Clark Ashton Smith, and Seabury Quinn.
Baird—in marked contrast to his successor—accepted everything that Lovecraft submitted to the magazine, including "The Hound", "Arthur Jermyn", "The Statement of Randolph Carter", "The Cats of Ulthar", "Dagon", "The Picture in the House", "The Rats in the Walls", "Hypnos" and "Imprisoned with the Pharaohs". He did, however, insist that Lovecraft retype his first submissions using double spacing, causing the author to remark, "I am not certain whether or not I should bother."
Under Baird's editorship, "Weird Tales" lost a considerable amount of money—estimated at $51,000. After the April 1924 issue, Henneberger fired him and offered his job to Lovecraft. When Lovecraft declined, the publisher made Farnsworth Wright, until then Baird's assistant, the editor of "Weird Tales", a position he held until 1940.
Baird remained as editor of another of Henneberger's titles, "Detective Tales". In this post, he rejected Lovecraft's "The Shunned House" in July 1925. "Detective Tales" was sold off, and Baird remained editor when it retitled as "Real Detective Tales".

</doc>
<doc id="6985428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985428" title="Tan Le">
Tan Le

Tan Le (Vietnamese: "Lê Thị Thái Tần", born 20 May 1977) is a Vietnamese-born Australian telecommunications entrepreneur and a co-founder of Emotiv. She was named the 1998 Young Australian of the Year.
Career.
As president of the Vietnamese Community of Footscray Association, she made a number of contributions to charities and newspapers throughout Melbourne.
Le is a co-founder of software company Emotiv which specialises in electroencephalography (EEG) headsets. Le has spoken of her desire to ensure the company's products are affordable enough for the consumer. She believes that by democratising the technology, there is a greater chance of innovation from individuals, research groups and companies.
In February 2020, Le published her first book, "The NeuroGeneration: The new era of brain enhancement revolutionising the way we think, work and heal."
Recognition.
In 1998, Le was named Young Australian of the Year and one of Australia's 30 Most Successful Women Under 30.
Le's story was featured in the 'Hope' section of the Eternity Exhibition of the National Museum of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="6985434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985434" title="Neck of femur">
Neck of femur



</doc>
<doc id="6985436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985436" title="Uvva">
Uvva



</doc>
<doc id="6985441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985441" title="Thomas Hardiman">
Thomas Hardiman

Thomas Michael Hardiman (born in 1965) is a United States circuit judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Nominated by President George W. Bush, he began active service on April 2, 2007. He maintains chambers in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and was previously a United States district judge. 
In 2017, Hardiman was a finalist to succeed Antonin Scalia as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, alongside the eventual nominee, Neil Gorsuch. The next year, after Justice Anthony Kennedy had announced his retirement from the Supreme Court, Hardiman was once again considered to be a frontrunner to fill the vacant seat, though it was eventually filled by Brett Kavanaugh.
Early life and education.
Hardiman was born in 1965 in Winchester, Massachusetts, and was raised in Waltham. His father, Robert, owned and operated a taxicab and school transportation business and his mother, Judith (nee' Kohler), was a homemaker and bookkeeper for the family business.
As a teenager, Hardiman began working part-time as a taxi driver, which he continued to do throughout high school and college. In 1983, he graduated from Waltham High School.
He was the first person in his family to graduate from college, receiving a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Notre Dame on an academic scholarship and graduating with honors in 1987. He then studied law at Georgetown University Law Center, where he served as an editor of the "Georgetown Law Journal" and made the semi-finals of the Robert J. Beaudry Moot Court Competition, while working at law firms during the summers and academic terms to help pay his tuition. He received a Juris Doctor with honors in 1990.
Early career.
After graduation, Hardiman joined the Washington, DC, office of the law firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher &amp; Flom, where he was an associate in the litigation department from 1989 to 1992. From 1992–1999, he practiced with the Pittsburgh law firm of Titus &amp; McConomy as an associate and then from 1996 to 1999 as a partner. From 1999 to 2003, he was a partner in the litigation department at law firm of Reed Smith, also in Pittsburgh. His practice consisted mainly of civil and white-collar criminal litigation.
Federal judicial service.
District court service.
Hardiman was appointed by President George W. Bush to be a judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. He was nominated to a seat on April 9, 2003, and was confirmed by a voice vote on October 22, 2003. He received his commission on October 27, 2003 and took the bench on November 1, 2003. His service as a district court judge was terminated on April 5, 2007 when he was elevated to the court of appeals.
Court of appeals service.
Hardiman was subsequently nominated to the Third Circuit by President Bush on January 9, 2007, to fill a seat vacated by Judge Richard Lowell Nygaard, who assumed senior status in 2005. Hardiman was confirmed by the Senate on March 15, 2007 by a 95–0 vote. He received his commission on April 2, 2007.
Notable rulings.
Police and prison powers.
In "Florence v. Board of Chosen Freeholders" (2010), Hardiman held that a jail policy of strip-searching everyone who is arrested does not violate the prohibition of unreasonable searches and seizures in the Fourth Amendment. The Supreme Court affirmed the decision in 2012.
In "Barkes v. First Correctional Medical, Inc." (2014), Hardiman dissented from a ruling that two Delaware prison officials could be sued for failing to provide adequate suicide prevention protocols after a mentally-ill inmate committed suicide. The Supreme Court agreed and unanimously reversed in "Taylor v. Barkes".
Capital punishment.
Hardiman has generally voted in favor of the state and against inmates when he decided on cases that centered on capital punishment. Most of the cases that he has encountered involved disputes surrounding the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act, a 1996 US law limiting an inmates' ability to seek habeas corpus relief from their conviction. He often affirms his belief that the Act places a high standard on inmates that they usually cannot reach. However, he joined the majority in favor of State of Delaware in "Jackson III vs Danberg" that was written by D. Michael Fisher, which warned Delaware that the decision “should in no way be construed as license for Delaware to stay the worrisome course it appears to have taken at times under its former protocol" and that "[t]he record before us reflects an occasional blitheness on Delaware's part that, while perhaps not unconstitutional, gives us great pause. We remind Delaware not only of its constitutional obligation to ensure that the implementation of its new protocol does not run afoul of the Eighth Amendment's proscription of cruel and unusual punishment, but also of its moral obligation to carry out executions with the degree of seriousness and respect that the state-administered termination of human life demands."
Criminal sentencing.
In two cases, Hardiman has ruled in favor of longer criminal sentences. In "United States v. Abbott" (2009), Hardiman held that a defendant's mandatory minimum sentence is not affected by the imposition of another mandatory minimum for a different offense. The panel held that the trial court judge had not erred in allowing the prosecutor to present evidence that the defendant had a prior conviction for a different charge, where such information is typically barred by Federal Rules of Evidence. It also upheld mandatory minimum sentences to be run consecutively, rather than concurrently, such that the defendant would serve 30 years rather than the mandatory minimum of 15 years. The Supreme Court affirmed the decision in 2010, in Abbott v. United States.
In "United States v. Fisher" (2007), Hardiman ruled that a judge could find facts to enhance a criminal sentence according to the preponderance of the evidence standard.
Religious freedom.
In "Busch v. Marple Newtown School District" (2008), Hardiman wrote a dissenting opinion in favor of parents who described themselves as Evangelical Christians and were barred from reading from the Bible during a kindergarten "show and tell" presentation. Hardiman wrote that "the school went too far in this case in limiting participation in ‘All About Me’ week to nonreligious perspectives," which "plainly constituted" discrimination. Hardiman wrote that "the majority's desire to protect young children from potentially influential speech in the classroom is understandable," but that students cannot be barred from expressing "what is most important" about themselves. However, in August 2019, Hardiman wrote a majority opinion overturning a lower court decision that required the removal of a Christian cross from the Lehigh County Seal because its inclusion served no secular purpose and a reasonable person would see the use of a religious symbol as endorsement of a religion by the government. Hardiman, however, argued that the plaintiffs did not show evidence of a specific intent to discriminate or disrespect other religious viewpoints when the cross and no other religious symbols had been added to the seal in 1944: "more than seven decades after its adoption, the seal has become a familiar, embedded feature of Lehigh County, attaining a broader meaning than any one of its many symbols." The other symbols, including a grain silo, were not controversial. When Commissioner Harry Hertzog designed and proposed adoption of the seal in 1944, he said that the cross signified "the God-fearing people which are the foundation of our county."
In "Groff v. Dejoy" (2022), Hardiman wrote a dissenting opinion in favor of a postal worker who sued the U.S. Postal Service for failing to accommodate his religious observance of the Sabbath, as required by Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. Hardiman questioned a 1977 Supreme Court precedent interpreting Title VII not to require such accommodations when they would impose more than a "de minimis cost" on employers. The Supreme Court granted review and reversed in an opinion by Justice Samuel Alito, rejecting the "de minimis" standard and remanding the case to the Third Circuit.
Gun rights.
In "United States vs. Barton" (2011), Hardiman rejected a challenge to the federal law that bans felons from owning firearms. However, in "Binderup v. Attorney General" (2016), he held that such a prohibition could cover only dangerous persons who are likely to use firearms for illicit purposes. He wrote that "the most cogent principle that can be drawn from traditional limitations on the right to keep and bear arms is that dangerous persons likely to use firearms for illicit purposes were not understood to be protected by the Second Amendment."
In the 2013 case "Drake v. Filko", Hardiman filed a dissenting opinion that argued that the New Jersey requirement for gun owners to show a "justifiable need" to carry a handgun was unconstitutional. Hardiman cited "District of Columbia v. Heller" and wrote that based on the "Heller" ruling, the Second Amendment "protects an inherent right to self-defense."
In "Range v. Attorney General" (2023), Hardiman wrote the majority opinion for the en banc Third Circuit holding that the federal law barring firearm possession by felons was unconstitutional under the Second Amendment as applied to a man who had been convicted of making false statements to obtain food stamps.
Free speech.
In "United States v. Stevens" (2008), Hardiman voted to strike down a federal law that criminalized videos depicting animal cruelty.
In "Kelly v. Borough of Carlisle" (2010), Hardiman ruled that a police officer had qualified immunity because there was no clearly-established First Amendment right to videotape police officers during traffic stops.
In "B.H. ex rel. Hawk v. Easton Area School District" (2013), Hardiman dissented from the court's holding that a public school violated the First Amendment by banning middle-school students from wearing bracelets inscribed "I [love] boobies!" sold by a breast cancer awareness group.
In "Lodge No. 5 of Fraternal Order of Police v. City of Philadelphia" (2014), Hardiman struck down a city charter provision barring police officers from donating to their union's political action committee, under the First Amendment to the United States Constitution.
In "Northeastern Pennsylvania Freethought Society v. County of Lackawanna Transit System", Hardiman struck down the application of a county provision barring religious speech on public buses because the policy was viewpoint discriminatory against religious organizations.
Immigration.
In "Valdiviezo-Galdamez v. Attorney General" (2010), Hardiman ruled in favor of a man from Honduras who was seeking asylum in the United States to avoid being recruited into a violent gang.
In "Di Li Li v. Attorney General" (2015), Hardiman decided that the Board of Immigration Appeals had to reopen a case when an asylum seeker from China converted to Christianity and argued that "conditions have worsened over time" for Christians in China.
In "Cazun v. Attorney General" (2017), Hardiman concurred in the judgment to explain that the Immigration and Nationality Act unambiguously forbids aliens subject to reinstated removal orders from applying for asylum and that the court should have held so without resorting to "Chevron" deference.
LGBT issues.
In "Brian D. Prowel v. Wise Business Forms, INC.", Hardiman "wrote for the court in allowing a gender-stereotyping claim by a gay man who described himself as 'effeminate' to go forward, reversing the district court’s grant of summary judgment in favor of the company where the man worked, and which ultimately fired him." Hardiman determined that Prowel's case could move forward because Prowel may argue that he faced discrimination for not conforming to the company's vision of gender norms.
Commerce.
In "United States v. Pendleton" (2011), Thomas Pendleton, a man who sexually molested a 15-year-old boy in Germany was convicted and sentenced in Delaware under the PROTECT Act of 2003. The defendant argued that the PROTECT Act was unconstitutional based on the Foreign Commerce Clause. Hardiman ruled that the PROTECT Act was valid because of an "express connection" to the channels of foreign commerce.
In 2018, Hardiman held for the "en banc" court in "Rotkiske v. Klemm" that despite the decisions of the Fourth and the Ninth Circuits, the statute of limitations under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act begins to run when a violation of the Act occurs, not when the violation is later discovered.
Affiliations and recognition.
Before becoming a judge, Hardiman was a member of the bars of Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, and the District of Columbia. Since 2013, Hardiman has served as chair of the Committee on Information Technology of the Judicial Conference of the United States. As of January 2017, he was a member of the American Law Institute, a master of the Edward M. Sell University of Pittsburgh Chapter of the American Inns of Court, and a fellow in the Academy of Trial Lawyers of Allegheny County.
In 2010 Hardiman received the Georgetown University Law Center's Paul R. Dean Award recognizing distinguished alumni.
Personal life.
Hardiman married Lori Hardiman (née Zappala), an attorney and real estate professional, in 1992. The Zappala family, which includes Stephen Zappala and Stephen Zappala Sr., are prominent Democrats. Hardiman is the father of three children. Hardiman is Roman Catholic.
As a student, Hardiman participated in an exchange program in Mexico, and he later volunteered with the Ayuda immigration legal aid office in Washington, D.C., representing immigrants.
Hardiman is a board member and former president of Big Brothers Big Sisters of Greater Pittsburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="6985442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985442" title="Terrorism against Israel in 2006">
Terrorism against Israel in 2006



</doc>
<doc id="6985444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985444" title="Karl Litzmann">
Karl Litzmann

Karl Litzmann (22 January 1850 – 28 May 1936) was a German World War I general and later Nazi Party member and politician.
World War I.
He is best known for his victory at the Battle of Łódź (1914); he earned the nickname "the Lion of Brzeziny" there. On 29 November 1914 he was awarded the "Pour le Mérite" for military bravery and Oak Leaves (signifying a second award) on 18 August 1915.
Interwar years.
Litzmann became a member of Nazi Party in 1929 having previously become a member of SA. He was elected as a deputy to the "Reichstag" in November 1932 from electoral constituency 5 (Frankfurt an der Oder) but resigned his mandate on 15 December 1932 on grounds that he had responsibilities to the Landtag of Prussia, where he was its most senior member, also known as Father of the House or "Alterspräsident". In the next election of 5 March 1933, he was re-elected to his former seat in the "Reichstag", but resigned again on 2 April 1933 due to his seat in the "Landtag". At the election of 12 November 1933, he again was elected to the "Reichstag", this time from constituency 4 (Potsdam I) and served until his death in 1936. On 26 August 1933, Prussian Minister President Hermann Göring appointed him to the recently reconstituted Prussian State Council where he also served until his death.
The Chief of Staff of the Luftwaffe, "Generalleutnant" Walther Wever, died in an air accident shortly after taking off from Dresden to attend Litzmann's funeral in Berlin on 3 July 1936.
Legacy.
After the 1939 Nazi invasion of Poland, the towns of Łódź and Brzeziny were renamed in honour of Karl Litzmann. On 11 April 1940 Łódź was officially retitled by the occupying German forces as "Litzmannstadt", while Brzeziny later became "Löwenstadt" (lion city). After World War II the towns reverted to their original Polish names.
Passau named a street after him.
Karl Litzmann was an Honorary Citizen of Neuruppin. The honorary citizenship was withdrawn in 2007.
He was the father of Karl-Siegmund Litzmann (1893–1945) who was General Commissioner for Estonia in the "Reichskommissariat Ostland" during the German occupation 1941–1944. He was also grandfather to Walter Lehweß-Litzmann (1907–1986).

</doc>
<doc id="6985445" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985445" title="Danny Harold Rolling">
Danny Harold Rolling



</doc>
<doc id="6985452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985452" title="Ledbury Key">
Ledbury Key



</doc>
<doc id="6985454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985454" title="Terrorist attacks against Israelis in 2004">
Terrorist attacks against Israelis in 2004



</doc>
<doc id="6985456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985456" title="Gene Zwozdesky">
Gene Zwozdesky

Eugene Zwozdesky (July 24, 1948 – January 6, 2019) was a Canadian politician in the province of Alberta. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1993 to 2015, and was the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly from 2012 to 2015.
Early life.
Zwozdesky was born on July 24, 1948, in Nipawin, Saskatchewan, to Ukrainian-Canadian parents Alec and Anna Zwozdesky and came to Alberta at the age of two. He lived in Grand Centre, Hinton and Sangudo before moving to Edmonton, where he lived since 1963. After attending Victoria Composite High School, he obtained bachelor's degrees in arts and education from the University of Alberta. Before becoming involved in politics, Zwozdesky worked as a teacher, administrator, professional musician, and businessman.
Political career.
Zwozdesky was first elected in the 1993 Alberta general election as the Alberta Liberal Party's candidate, defeating incumbent Marie Laing of the Alberta New Democratic Party. He was re-elected to the new riding of Edmonton-Mill Creek in the 1997 Alberta general election.
In July 1998, he left the Liberal Party caucus and sat as an Independent member after a dispute over fiscal policy. He joined the governing Progressive Conservatives a month later. In the 2001 Alberta general election, he won by a generous margin over the Liberal challenger Bharat Agnihotri.
Zwozdesky was appointed to the cabinet as Minister of Community Development; after being re-elected in the 2004 Alberta general election, he was appointed Minister of Education.
On December 15, 2006, Zwozdesky was replaced in Premier Ed Stelmach's cabinet by Ron Liepert. He again joined the Alberta Cabinet on June 27, 2007, as Associate Minister for Capital Planning. In 2008, he was the Minister of Aboriginal Relations and Deputy Government House Leader. He was also co-chair of the Advisory Council on Alberta-Ukraine Relations, co-chair of the Cabinet Policy Committee on Public Safety and Services, and a member of the Standing Committee on Privileges and Elections, Standing Orders and Printing.
Zwozdesky has won numerous awards from cultural and arts organizations, as well as the 2005 Alberta Centennial Medal.
Zwozdesky was re-elected in the 2012 provincial election as an incumbent PC candidate. He was defeated in the 2015 Alberta general election by Alberta NDP candidate Denise Woollard.
Personal life and death.
Zwozdesky joined the Ukrainian Shumka Dancers in 1963, and danced in the troupe for six years before becoming the musical director, composing and conducting Shumka's music for twenty-five years; he also served in the same role for the Cheremosh Ukrainian Dance Company. He was involved in various other cultural organizations, was the executive director of the Alberta Cultural Heritage Foundation and the Alberta Ukrainian Canadian Centennial Commission, and has served on various voluntary boards. He was married to Christine, with two children.
He died of cancer on January 6, 2019, aged 70.

</doc>
<doc id="6985457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985457" title="Terrorist attacks against Israelis in 2005">
Terrorist attacks against Israelis in 2005



</doc>
<doc id="6985460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985460" title="Terrorist attacks against Israelis in 2006">
Terrorist attacks against Israelis in 2006



</doc>
<doc id="6985461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985461" title="I'll Tell You What Man...">
I'll Tell You What Man...

I'll Tell You What Man... is the 1988 debut album by Pittsburgh band the Clarks. The album was the band's first release, created while the musicians were still in college at Indiana University of Pennsylvania. The fast-paced song "Help Me Out" gained some airplay on Western Pennsylvania college radio stations, but at this point, the Clarks had yet to achieve success.

</doc>
<doc id="6985465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985465" title="Treprostinil">
Treprostinil

Treprostinil, sold under the brand names Remodulin for infusion, Orenitram for oral, and Tyvaso for inhalation among others, is a vasodilator that is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Treprostinil was approved for use in the United States in May 2002.
Medical uses.
Treprostinil is indicated for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension in people with NYHA Class II-IV symptoms to diminish symptoms associated with exercise.
Treprostinil inhalation solution and treprostinil inhalation powder are indicated for the treatment of people with pulmonary arterial hypertension (WHO Group 1) to improve exercise ability; and people with pulmonary hypertension associated with interstitial lung disease (WHO Group 3) to improve exercise ability.
In the European Union, treprostinil (Trepulmix) is indicated for the treatment of adults with WHO Functional Class III or IV and inoperable chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension; or persistent or recurrent chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension after surgical treatment to improve exercise capacity.
Adverse effects.
Common side effects depending on route of administration:
History.
In 1976, the first paper on prostacyclin was published.
Treprostinil (Remodulin) was approved for medical use in the United States in May 2002, and again in July 2018.
Treprostinil (Tyvaso), as inhalation solution, was approved for medical use in the United States in July 2009, and again in April 2021.
Treprostinil (Orenitram), as extended release tablets, was approved for medical use in the United States in December 2013.
Treprostinil (Trepulmix) was authorized for medical use in the European Union in April 2020. Trepulmix is a hybrid medicine that is similar to the reference medicine Remodulin. It contains the same active substance, but it is used for treating a different form of pulmonary hypertension.
Treprostinil (Tyvaso DPI), as inhalation powder, was approved for medical use in the United States in May 2022.
Treprostinil (Yutrepia), as inhalation powder, was approved for medical use in the United States in June 2025.
Research.
Treprostinil therapy may be effective in treating Degos disease.

</doc>
<doc id="6985466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985466" title="Terrorist attacks against Israel in 2000">
Terrorist attacks against Israel in 2000



</doc>
<doc id="6985467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985467" title="Frank McCallum">
Frank McCallum

Francis McNeiss McNeil McCallum (Captain Melville) ( 1823 – 10 August 1857) was a Scottish-born Australian notorious bushranger during the early part of the Victorian Gold Rush in Australia.
Transportation.
After being convicted under the alias Francis Melville, McCallum was transported to Tasmania (then known as Van Diemen's Land) by the Minerva, in 1838 (aged 15), having been convicted at Perth on 3 October 1836, of house breaking, and sentenced to seven years' transportation.
The convict records show that whilst Melville was under sentence he was exceedingly insubordinate, so much so that his sentence was extended to life. He continued to regularly appear before the magistrate up until late 1850. Somehow he managed to escape and arrived in Melbourne about October 1851.
Bushranging.
During 1852 as Captain Melville he was alleged to have led a large band of bushrangers on the roads in the Black Forest between Melbourne and Bendigo, and gained a folkloric reputation through the boldness of his outrages and the chivalry he showed to many, especially women. His name was associated with the Nelson robbery and St Kilda Road robberies, probably without foundation as in reality he seems to have spent most of his time bailing up diggers around Mount Macedon, either on his own or with one or two mates.
On Christmas Eve 1852, when under the alias of Thomas Smith, he and fellow bushranger William Robert Roberts were arrested at a brothel in Corio Street, Geelong, and eventually faced Judge Redmond Barry at the Geelong Circuit Court on 3 February 1853 on three counts of robbery. Barry sentenced both men to twelve, ten and ten years on each count, respectively – in Melville's case to be served consecutively.
Although employed in chains on the roads of Victoria by the time of the Melbourne Private Escort Robbery of 20 July 1853, Captain Melville's name has become associated with it over the years because of the coincidence of one of the Escort robbers, George Melville, using the same surname as his alias.
On 22 October 1856 he was one of a party of prisoners based on the prison hulk "Success" in Port Phillip Bay who attempted to seize and escape in a boat, during which a warden (Owen Owens) and a fellow convict (Stephens) died. Stephens had jumped overboard and drowned. Sentenced to death but overturned because all prisoners involved all claimed that Stephens stuck the killer blow thus creating doubt. Melville was then sent to Old Melbourne Gaol. In late July 1857 he attacked Mr Wintle, the governor of the gaol with a sharped spoon causing a deep cut behind Mr Wintle's ear.
Suicide.
Melville had been found dead in his bed on 10 August 1857 with a large handkerchief tied around his neck. It would have been a slow death. There was a handkerchief about two yards in length twisted very tightly around his neck, the first turn being made as a slip knot. It was afterwards turned round very tightly, and the end tucked in under the folds. The cause of death was suffocation caused by the handkerchief round the neck. There is very little doubt that the handkerchief was applied by the deceased himself.

</doc>
<doc id="6985469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985469" title="Terrorist attacks against Israel in 2001">
Terrorist attacks against Israel in 2001



</doc>
<doc id="6985470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985470" title="Dance the Devil">
Dance the Devil

Dance the Devil... is the third studio album by Dublin based band The Frames. The album was first released in Ireland on 25 June 1999 on ZTT Records and subsequently in the UK and USA later in the year. On this album the band returned to using their original name in place of the moniker "The Frames DC" employed on "Fitzcarraldo". The band's line-up for this album featured Glen Hansard on guitar and vocals, Colm Mac Con Iomaire on violin, Joseph Doyle on bass guitar and backing vocals, Dave Odlum on lead guitar, Earl Harvin and Graham Hopkins on drums. Doyle replaced Graham Downey on bass.
The song "Seven Day Mile" appears in "On the Edge", which was directed and co-written by former Frames bassist, John Carney. It also appeared near the end of "House, M.D." Episode 1, Season 6, "Broken". 
The song "Pavement Tune" is featured in commercials for the NBC show quarterlife. 
The song "Neath the Beeches" was written about musician Jeff Buckley, a friend of Hansard's.
Track listing.
All songs are written by Glen Hansard and the Frames unless otherwise noted.
Bonus tracks Collector's Edition (remastered)

</doc>
<doc id="6985471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985471" title="Terrorist attacks against Israel in 2002">
Terrorist attacks against Israel in 2002



</doc>
<doc id="6985472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985472" title="Terrorist attacks against Israel in 2004">
Terrorist attacks against Israel in 2004



</doc>
<doc id="6985475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985475" title="Terrorist attacks against Israel in 2005">
Terrorist attacks against Israel in 2005



</doc>
<doc id="6985477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985477" title="Terrorist attacks against Israel in 2006">
Terrorist attacks against Israel in 2006



</doc>
<doc id="6985480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985480" title="Israeli deaths due to Palestinian terrorism 2000">
Israeli deaths due to Palestinian terrorism 2000



</doc>
<doc id="6985481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985481" title="Israeli deaths due to Palestinian terrorism 2001">
Israeli deaths due to Palestinian terrorism 2001



</doc>
<doc id="6985484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985484" title="Jack D. Hunter">
Jack D. Hunter

Jack Dayton Hunter (June 4, 1921 – April 13, 2009) was an American author and artist, best known for his novel "The Blue Max", which was made into a film of the same name.
Biography.
Hunter was born in Hamilton, Ohio, on June 4, 1921, the son of Whitney G. and Irene Dayton Hunter. While his father, whose long career with the DuPont Company began as a paint color evaluator because of his sensitivity to colors, Hunter was red-green blind. He graduated with a B.A. degree in journalism from Penn State University in 1943.
Because he spoke German, having taught himself and then studied it in college, Hunter was sent to Germany just after the war ended.
"Operation Nursery," including Jack Hunter's role in it, forms the basis of the nonfiction book "The Axmann Conspiracy: The Nazi Plan for a Fourth Reich and How the U.S. Army Defeated It", Berkley Books (Penguin), Sept. 2012.
After the war, he worked in various journalistic capacities, as a public relations executive for Du Pont, and as a speech writer in Washington D.C.
His first novel was "The Blue Max". Hunter, who dabbled in water colors, painted a cover image for the book.
Hunter wrote 17 novels, including "The Ace", published in 2008. Like "The Blue Max", "The Ace" deals with World War I aviation, but focuses on the human costs and chaotic conditions that bedeviled the Americans in their need to build a world-class air force virtually overnight.
During the 1980s, Hunter served as the writing coach for reporters working at the (now defunct) "Jacksonville Journal", the "Florida Times-Union", which still publishes in Jacksonville, and the "St. Augustine Record", which still publishes in St. Augustine. In this role, which continued three days a week for 10 years, Hunter provided encouragement, tutelage and support to hundreds of journalists, some of whom went on to work at "The New York Times", "The Denver Post", "The Miami Herald" and in many other venues.
He lived in St. Augustine, Florida, until he died at age 87 on April 13, 2009. He was interred at the Jacksonville National Cemetery.
Bibliography.
The Bruno Stachel series
Other novels

</doc>
<doc id="6985489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985489" title="Israeli deaths due to Palestinian terrorism 2003">
Israeli deaths due to Palestinian terrorism 2003



</doc>
<doc id="6985490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985490" title="Israeli deaths due to Palestinian terrorism 2004">
Israeli deaths due to Palestinian terrorism 2004



</doc>
<doc id="6985492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985492" title="Israeli deaths due to Palestinian terrorism 2005">
Israeli deaths due to Palestinian terrorism 2005



</doc>
<doc id="6985494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985494" title="Israeli deaths due to Palestinian terrorism 2006">
Israeli deaths due to Palestinian terrorism 2006



</doc>
<doc id="6985495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985495" title="Star Wars Droidworks">
Star Wars Droidworks



</doc>
<doc id="6985498" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985498" title="Bela Vista (disambiguation)">
Bela Vista (disambiguation)

Bela Vista is an Italian neighborhood in São Paulo, Brazil.
Bela Vista may also refer to

</doc>
<doc id="6985504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985504" title="Triangular fibrocartilage">
Triangular fibrocartilage

The triangular fibrocartilage complex (TFCC) is formed by the triangular fibrocartilage discus (TFC), the radioulnar ligaments (RULs) and the ulnocarpal ligaments (UCLs).
Structure.
Triangular fibrocartilage disc.
The triangular fibrocartilage disc (TFC) is an articular discus that lies on the pole of the distal ulna. It has a triangular shape and a biconcave body; the periphery is thicker than its center. The central portion of the TFC is thin and consists of chondroid fibrocartilage; this type of tissue is often seen in structures that can bear compressive loads. This central area is often so thin that it is translucent and in some cases it is even absent. The peripheral portion of the TFC is well vascularized, while the central portion has no blood supply.
This discus is attached by thick tissue to the base of the ulnar styloid and by thinner tissue to the edge of the radius just proximal to the radiocarpal articular surface.
Radioulnar ligaments.
The radioulnar ligaments (RULs) are the principal stabilizers of the distal radioulnar joint (DRUJ). There are two RULs: the palmar and dorsal radioulnar ligaments.
These ligaments arise from the distal radius medial border and insert on the ulna at two separate and distinct sites: the ulna styloid and the fovea (a groove that separates the ulnar styloid from the ulnar head). Each ligament consists of a superficial component and a deep component. The superficial components insert directly onto the ulna styloid. The deep components insert more anterior, into the fovea adjacent to the articular surface of the dome of the distal ulna.
The ligaments are composed of longitudinally oriented lamellar collagen to resist tensile loads and have a rich vascular supply to allow healing.
Ulnocarpal ligaments.
The ulnocarpal ligaments (UCLs) consist of the ulnolunate and the ulnotriquetral ligaments. They originate from the ulnar styloid and insert into the carpal bones of the wrist: the ulnolunate ligament inserts into the lunate bone and the ulnotriquetral ligament into the triquetrum bone. These ligaments prevent dorsal migration of the distal ulna. They are more taut during supination, because in supination ulnar styloid moves away from the carpal bones volar side.
Function.
The primary functions of the TFCC:
Load transmission.
The TFCC is important in load transmission across the ulnar aspect of the wrist. The TFC transmits and absorbs compressive forces.
The ulnar variance influences the amount of load that is transmitted through the distal ulna. The load transmission is directly proportional to this ulnar variance. In neutral ulnar variance, approximately 20 percent of the load is transmitted. With negative ulnar variance, the load across the TFC is decreased. This occurs during supination, because the radius moves distally on the ulna and creates a negative ulnar variance. With positive ulnar variance it is reversed. The load that is transmitted across the TFC is then increased. This positive ulnar variance occurs during pronation.
Rotation.
The TFCC is a major stabilizer of the DRUJ. To control the forearm rotation the DRUJ acts in concert with the proximal radioulnar joint. The connection between the distal radius and the distal ulna, maintain the congruency of the DRUJ. This attachment is mainly created by the RULs of the TFCC. These ligaments support the joint through its arc of rotation.
The role of the TFCC in supination and in pronation is a matter of dispute. Some authors (Schuind "et al.") concluded that the dorsal fibers of the TFCC tighten in pronation, and the palmar fibers in supination. These conclusions are opposite of those published by Af Ekenstam and Hagert.
Both parties are in fact right, as the RULs consists of two ligaments each made of another two components: the superficial and the deep ligaments. During supination, the superficial palmar and the deep dorsal ligaments are tightened, preventing palmar translation of the ulna. In pronation, this is reversed: the superficial dorsal and the deep palmar ligaments are tightened and prevent dorsal translation of the ulna.
Clinical significance.
The TFCC has a substantial risk for injury and degeneration because of its anatomic complexity and multiple functions.
Application of an extension-pronation force to an axial-load wrist, such as in a fall on an outstretched hand, causes most of the traumatic injuries of the TFCC.
Dorsal rotation injury, such as when a drill binds and rotates the wrist instead of the bit, can also cause traumatic injuries.
Injury may also occur from a distraction force applied to the volar forearm or wrist. Finally, tears of the TFCC are frequently found by patients with distal radius fractures.
Perforations and defects in the TFCC are not all traumatic. There is an age related correlation with lesions in the TFCC, but many of these defects are asymptomatic. These lesions common occur by patients with positive ulnar variance.
Chronic and excessive loading through the ulnocarpal joint, causes degenerative TFCC tears. These tears are a component of ulnar impaction syndrome.
Even though natural degeneration of the ulnocarpal joint is very common, it is important to recognize. In cadavaric examinations, 30% to 70% of the cases had TFCC perforations and chondromalacia of the ulnar head, lunate, and triquetrum. Cases with ulnar-negative variance had fewer degenerative changes.
Palmer classification of TFCC lesions.
The Palmer classification is the most recognized scheme; it divides TFCC lesions into these two categories: traumatic and degenerative. This classification provides an anatomic description of tears, it does not guide treatment or indicate prognosis.
Symptoms.
Patients with a TFCC injury usually experience pain or discomfort located at the ulnar side of the wrist, often just above the ulnar styloid. However, there are also some patients who report diffuse pain throughout the entire wrist.
Rest can reduce pain and activity can make it worse, especially with rotating movements (supination and pronation) of the wrist or movements of the hand sideways in ulnar direction.
Other symptoms patients with a TFCC injury frequently mention are: swelling, loss of grip strength, instability, and grinding or clicking sounds (crepitus) that can occur during activity of the wrist.
Diagnosis.
Injuries to the TFCC may be preceded by a fall on a pronated outstretched arm; a rotational injury to the forearm; an axial load trauma to the wrist; or a distraction injury of the wrist in ulnar direction. However, not all patients can recall that a preceding trauma occurred.
Imaging.
Note: Imaging techniques can only be relevant together with the clinical findings of a carefully performed physical examination.
Other than a TFCC injury, there are many possible causes for ulnar-sided wrist pain.
Treatment.
The initial treatment for both traumatic and degenerative TFCC lesions, with a stable DRUJ, is conservative (nonsurgical) therapy. Patients may be advised to wear a temporary splint or cast to immobilize the wrist and forearm for four to six weeks. The immobilization allows scar tissue to develop which can help heal the TFCC. In addition, oral NSAIDs and corticosteroid joint injections can be prescribed for pain relief. Physiotherapy and occupational therapy can help patients recover after immobilization or surgery. Wrist support straps used in sports can also be used in mild cases to compress and minimize movement of the area.
Indications for acute TFCC surgery are: a clearly unstable DRUJ, or the existence of additional unstable or displaced fractures. TFCC surgery is also indicated when conservative treatment proves insufficient in about 8–12 weeks.
Fractures of the radius bone are often associated by TFCC damage. If the fracture is treated surgically it is recommended to evaluate and if necessary repair the TFCC as well. Closed fractures (where the skin is still intact) of the radius bone are treated non-surgically with cast; the immobilization can also help heal the TFCC.
Surgical.
The central part of the TFC has no blood supply and therefore has no healing capacity. When a tear occurs in this area of the TFC, it typically creates an unstable flap of tissue that is likely to catch on other joint surfaces. Removing the damaged tissue (debridement) is then indicated. Arthroscopic debridement as a treatment for degenerative TFC tears associated with positive ulnar variance, unfortunately, show poor results.
Suturing TFCC ligaments can sometimes be performed arthroscopically. But only if there is no serious damage to the ligaments or other surrounding structures. Even after a short period of time torn ligaments tend to retract and therefore lose length. Retracted ligament ends are impossible to suture together again and a reconstruction may be necessary.
Open surgery is usually required for degenerative or more complex TFCC injuries, or if additional damage to the wrist or forearm caused instability or displacement. It is a more invasive surgical technique compared to arthroscopic treatment, but the surgeon has better visibility and access to the TFCC.

</doc>
<doc id="6985509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985509" title="Halder">
Halder

Halder may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6985511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985511" title="Launch and leave">
Launch and leave



</doc>
<doc id="6985513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985513" title="Pompéi">
Pompéi



</doc>
<doc id="6985514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985514" title="Hilda Suarez">
Hilda Suarez

Hilda Suarez-Talercio is a fictional character in the American dramedy series "Ugly Betty", portrayed by Ana Ortiz.
Description.
"U.S. Catholic" magazine describes the character of Hilda Suarez as a "strong, responsible single mom". An analysis of Latinx characters in the media, however, listed Hilda Suarez as an example of the "Latina sex object".
Actress Ana Ortiz described Hilda's fashion style as "part Queens, but a little more wicked than that", with a penchant for "a lot of color and a lot of prints" and wearing a large quantity of accessories. 
Character biography.
Hilda is Betty's older sister. She became pregnant when she was about 17 years old at her junior prom, and gave birth to her son Justin, who she raised at home with her father and Betty, since Justin's father, Santos, was largely absent from his life.
Despite their clash of wills at times, Hilda is very protective of Betty and the rest of her family. With a fiery temper, she vents her rage at anyone who threatens her family, most notably next door neighbor Gina Gambarro. She expresses jealousy toward her sister, however, since she believes that Ignacio favors Betty. Despite this occasional feeling, her and Betty's relationship remains close.
Although Hilda respects Betty's job choice, she often thinks her sister is being taken advantage of at her job at "MODE" and feels it provides her with an unstable lifestyle. Nonetheless, Hilda has several times taken advantage of her connections and borrowed clothing and shoes from MODE.
Storylines.
Hilda was largely unsuccessful with romantic relationships until she reconciled with her ex-boyfriend (and Justin's father) Santos during the first season, during which they eventually got engaged. However, in the first-season finale, "East Side Story", Hilda was informed Santos had been shot in a convenience store robbery.
Early in the second season, it seemed as if Santos had survived the shooting. However, this was revealed to be a fantasy Hilda had created in her mind to avoid dealing with her devastation.
In season 2, Hilda finds a new love interest, "Coach" Tony Diaz who happens to be Justin's P.E. teacher. They have a rocky start when they first meet in the episode "Betty's Baby Bump", but eventually agree to go out with each other in The Kids Are Alright".
In the season 2 finale, "Jump", Hilda learns that Tony is married, but he assures her that the relationship is over. However, when Tony's ex wife comes to see Hilda, Hilda decides to end the relationship. In the third season she begins to date politician Archie Rodriguez. Their relationship goes well until a boyfriend from her high school days, Bobby Talercio, shows up. Bobby admits that he still has feelings for Hilda when helping her with a problem. They later sleep together. In the Christmas episode, Hilda and Betty both think they are pregnant due to a mix-up with the pregnancy tests but later it is revealed that Hilda is the one expecting a baby. Hilda tells Betty that Bobby is the baby's father. Archie, not knowing about either the affair or the pregnancy, breaks up with Hilda. In the episode, "The Passion of the Betty" Hilda tells Bobby she is pregnant, he freaks out and leaves. Soon after he comes to their house and tells her he is a good guy and that he wants to be involved in their child's life, as much as Hilda wants him to be. Bobby started "Hilda Week" because she was always taking care of everyone else in her life, except for herself. It seems that Bobby and Hilda are back together because she kissed him outside the "Ace of Base" building. In "Blackout!", Hilda, Bobby, Betty, and Ignacio go to the doctor's to see a sonogram of the baby, but the doctor discovers there is no heartbeat. In the end of "Fire and Nice", Bobby proposes to Hilda after she gets to better know his parents and they figure they can get through anything together. Bobby and Hilda married in the series' penultimate episode, "The Past Presents the Future." In the final episode, "Hello Goodbye", Hilda and Bobby announced their plans to move into their own apartment.
Employment.
Hilda's employment history has been very unstable. According to Hilda's resume in the episode "In or Out", her previous jobs included "Primary Skewer Girl" at "Zucchini on a Skewer" in New Haven, Connecticut. The resume also says she went to elementary school in New Haven, but graduated high school in Jackson Heights, New York.
At one point during season one, Hilda tried to recruit Betty to join her in a new venture, selling door-to-door products from "Herbalux", a health supplement company based in Poland. Later, she found herself out of a job after Herbalux was closed down by the FDA and the company itself became the target of a lawsuit filed by a woman in New Jersey after she lost her hair using a hand créme days before her wedding.
Later, after Santos' death, a devastated Hilda became housebound and spent most of her time with elderly ladies. Finally, she was convinced to follow her true passion and she became a beautician after graduating from cosmetology school. She would later start her own beauty salon, "The Sweet Hairafter" (later renamed "Hilda's Beautilities") thanks to Justin selling his Playbill collection.

</doc>
<doc id="6985521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985521" title="Walnut Creek Ampitheater">
Walnut Creek Ampitheater



</doc>
<doc id="6985531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985531" title="Naples Museum">
Naples Museum



</doc>
<doc id="6985535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985535" title="Suzuki GS400E">
Suzuki GS400E

The Suzuki GS400E is a motorcycle that was part of the Suzuki GS series in production between 1978 and 1984.
Engine.
The engine was a 398 cc 4-stroke parallel twin plant that featured double over-head camshafts with two valves per cylinder. The claimed output of the engine is at 8000 rpm and 2.94 kg.m of torque at 7000 rpm.
Gearbox.
The gearbox is of unit construction with the engine and consists of a constant mesh 6-speed transmission with a multi-plate wet clutch and a chain drive.

</doc>
<doc id="6985541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985541" title="Tony rich project">
Tony rich project



</doc>
<doc id="6985549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985549" title="Boy Scouts of America et al. v. Dale">
Boy Scouts of America et al. v. Dale



</doc>
<doc id="6985574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985574" title="LCD projectors">
LCD projectors



</doc>
<doc id="6985575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985575" title="Psychological Operations In Guerrilla Warfare">
Psychological Operations In Guerrilla Warfare



</doc>
<doc id="6985576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985576" title="List of Trinidad and Tobago–related topics">
List of Trinidad and Tobago–related topics



</doc>
<doc id="6985581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985581" title="Zhao Dan">
Zhao Dan

Zhao Dan (June 27, 1915 – October 10, 1980) was a Chinese film actor.
Career.
Zhao became famous working in the Mingxing Film Company in the 1930s including playing opposite Zhou Xuan in "Street Angel" (1937). After the Sino-Japanese War, Zhao began a creative relationship with director Zheng Junli, with films such as the 1948 anti-Kuomintang drama-comedy, "Crows and Sparrows".
Zhao remained on the mainland following the Communist victory in 1949 and continued to make films throughout the 1950s and 1960s notably in biographical films playing historical figures of Nie Er, Lin Zexu (both directed by Zheng Junli) and Li Shizhen.
Zhao joined Chinese Communist Party in 1957. During the Cultural Revolution, he was persecuted and imprisoned for 5 years. He died of pancreatic cancer in Beijing in 1980.
Personal life.
Zhao was married to Ye Luxi (Rose Ye) in 1936. When he was arrested by Sheng Shicai in Xinjiang in 1939, it was rumored that he was killed. Thus Ye married the playwright Du Xuan. After the war, he was released and returned to Shanghai. He married actress Huang Zongying in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="6985585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985585" title="Belorussian Front">
Belorussian Front

Belorussian Front, or Belarusian Front, may refer to several Soviet fronts (army groups) of the Second World War:

</doc>
<doc id="6985587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985587" title="Isshin Tasuke">
Isshin Tasuke

 is a fictional Japanese person. He has appeared in novels and plays, kōdan, television and film "jidaigeki" and other media. The earliest known appearance was in the work "Ōkubo Musashi Abumi."
Brimming with the Japanese values of "giri" and "ninjō," the fishmonger Tasuke is the epitome of the "Edokko," the son of Edo. A stock character in works set during the time of the third Tokugawa shogun Iemitsu (who ruled from 1623 to 1651), he collaborates with the veteran samurai Ōkubo Hikozaemon. 
Tasuke is so beloved that although fictional, he has a grave at a temple in Minato, Tokyo. 
Appearances.
Isshin Tasuke has appeared in many works of fiction.
Kabuki.
In kabuki, Tasuke is a character in "Medashi Yanagi Midori no Matsumae" .
Film.
The dozen works with Tasuke's name in the title include the 1930 Chiezō Kataoka portrayal in the Nikkatsu film "Isshin Tasuke," directed by Hiroshi Inagaki. Akira Kurosawa wrote the screenplay for the 1945 "Appare Isshin Tasuke" starring Kenichi Enomoto (directed by Kiyoshi Saeki for Toho). Kabuki actor Kinnosuke Nakamura (Yorozuya) starred in five of a series of six movies for Toei (Katsuo Nakamura portrayed the hero in the other). 
Television.
Three series and two specials have featured Tasuke in their titles. These aired on TBS (1969, 52 episodes starring Tarō Yamada), Fuji (1971, 25 episodes, starring Ryōtarō Sugi), Asahi (ANB) (1989, a New Year special starring Tōru Nakamura), Nippon Television (1990, a special with Morio Kazama), and NHK (1999, 24 episodes on Friday evening prime time) with Naoto Ogata as Tasuke. 
Song.
Isshin Tasuke is in the titles of three "enka". Ichirō Toba sang "Bungo no Isshin Tasuke". Mitsuko Nakamura recorded "Mitsuko no Isshin Tasuke". Tarō Yamada (who starred in the television series) released "Otoko! Isshin Tasuke."
External links.
IMDB lists several works:

</doc>
<doc id="6985600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985600" title="Ukrainian Front">
Ukrainian Front

Ukrainian Front may refer to several Soviet fronts of the Russian Civil War and the World War II:

</doc>
<doc id="6985603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985603" title="Hairy Head">
Hairy Head

The Hairy Head mansion (昴宿, pinyin: Mǎo Xiù) is one of the Twenty-eight mansions of the Chinese constellations. It is one of the western mansions of the White Tiger.
This mansion corresponds to the Pleiades in English.

</doc>
<doc id="6985607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985607" title="Tobor">
Tobor



</doc>
<doc id="6985608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985608" title="Chiang Chingkuo">
Chiang Chingkuo



</doc>
<doc id="6985610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985610" title="Visual image development">
Visual image development



</doc>
<doc id="6985614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985614" title="Synekism">
Synekism

Synekism is a concept in urban studies coined by Edward Soja. It refers to the dynamic formation of the polis state — the union of several small urban settlements under the rule of a "capital" city (or so-called city-state or urban system). Soja's definition of synekism, mentioned in "Writing the city spatially", is "the stimulus of urban agglomeration."
Social science.
From the social sciences' view, it is also a "nucleated and hierarchically nested process of political governance, economic development, social order, and cultural identity" Soja.
In densely settled urban places, a critical mass provides potential for innovation that is not typically available in rural environments, therefore synekism can be thought of as the geographical relationships that create and give importance to cities.

</doc>
<doc id="6985625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985625" title="Zygapophyseal joint">
Zygapophyseal joint



</doc>
<doc id="6985630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985630" title="American Coalition for Traditional Values">
American Coalition for Traditional Values



</doc>
<doc id="6985631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985631" title="Thayne Center">
Thayne Center



</doc>
<doc id="6985637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985637" title="Helen of Zadar">
Helen of Zadar

Helen of Zadar () (died 8 October 976), also known as Helen the Glorious (), was the queen consort of the Kingdom of Croatia, as the wife of King Michael Krešimir II, from 946 to 969, a period which was marked by "peace, order and expeditious growth". She was the regent of Croatia after the death of her spouse during the minority of her son Stephen Držislav of Croatia, and ruled from 969 until 976.
Life.
She is said to have originated from the old patrician family Madi from Zadar. She married Michael Krešimir II, and became queen consort in 949.
She became the queen dowager of Croatia after the death of her husband in 969. However, since her husband was succeeded by their son who was a minor, she also became the regent of Croatia on behalf of her son. As such, she ruled until her own death.
Regency.
According to the Thomas the Archdeacon's 13th century "Historia Salonitana", Queen Helen built the churches of St. Stephen and St. Mary in Salona (today's Solin). The atrium of the St. Stephen became the Mausoleum of Croatian Kings and is preserved to the present day.
...sancti Stephani et sancte Marie in Salona cum omnibus earum bonis. Has siquidem ecclesias edificauit et dotauit quedam Helena regina, donans eas Spalatine sedi iure perpetuo possidendas. Que ob reuerentiam regalium sepulchrorum concesse fuerant quibusdam regularibus ad tempus, qui assidue in eis officiorum ministeria exercebant. Ibi namque magnificus uir Cresimirus rex, in atrio uidelicet basilice sancti Stephani, tumulatus est cum pluribus aliis regibus et reginis.
Jelena played a central role in uniting Croatian and Latin elements within the Kingdom thus laying the groundwork for her son, Stephen Držislav, to assume sovereignty over the Dalmatian thema (which was under nominal Byzantine rule).
Epitaph.
Helen died in October 976 and is buried next to her husband in St Mary's. The royal inscription on her sarcophagus was an epitaph discovered by archaeologists. The epitaph, which shed light on the genealogy of early Croatian rulers, was discovered by Don Frane Bulić on 28 August 1898. The epitaph also shows that older rulers, prior to her son Stephen Držislav, bore the title of kings. The Latin and English translation of the epitaph reads:
IN HOC TUMULO QUIESCIT HELENA FAMOSA, QUE FUIT UXOR MIHAELI REGI, MATERQUE STEFANI REGIS, HABENAS RENUIT REGNI. VIII IDUS MENSIS OCTOBRIS IN PACE HIC ORDINATA FUIT ANNO AB INCARNATIONE DOMINI DCCLXXVI INDICTIONE IV, CICLO LUNARE V, EPACTA XVII, CICLO SOLARI FIT PUPILLORUIM TUTORQUE VIDUARUM. ICQUE ASPICIENS VIR ANIME DIC MISERERE DEUS.
In this grave rests the famous Jelena who was the wife of King Michael and mother of King Stjepan. She ruled the kingdom. On the eighth day before the Ides of October she was buried here in peace 976 years of the fourth indiction after the incarnation of the Lord, in the fifth cycle of the Moon, the seventeenth epact, and the fifth cycle of the Sun which is concurrent with the sixth. And she who during her life was a queen, was also the mother of orphans and the protectress of widows. May he who looks (hereon) say: 'Lord, have mercy on her soul!'.

</doc>
<doc id="6985644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985644" title="Adorers">
Adorers



</doc>
<doc id="6985651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985651" title="Mephitis macroura">
Mephitis macroura



</doc>
<doc id="6985652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985652" title="Confrères de la Paix">
Confrères de la Paix



</doc>
<doc id="6985654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985654" title="The Clarks (album)">
The Clarks (album)

The Clarks is a 1991 eponymous second album by Pittsburgh band The Clarks. Like their debut album, it was an independent release, but the album quickly gained a cult following in Western Pennsylvania and became a popular album in Pittsburgh. When WDVE, Pittsburgh's largest rock station, began playing "Penny on the Floor," the band achieved instant local fame. It was actually surprising at the time that radio stations would pick up "Penny On the Floor", a mandolin-driven song, as opposed to one of the band's more up tempo rock songs.

</doc>
<doc id="6985658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985658" title="Jay Love Japan">
Jay Love Japan

Jay Love Japan is the fourth studio album and second posthumous project by American hip hop recording artist, J Dilla. The album was released on June 26, 2007. The album was re-issued in 2016 after being out of print for many years.
History.
Promo and semi-official retail versions of the album have circulated for several years, and the album was even given a 2006 release in Japan, although that version is now considered a promo item. It was announced in an issue of the magazine "Wax Poetics" in 2005 and given various missed release dates in 2006, 2007, and 2008, with a track list containing two songs with other artists' vocals added after Dilla's death. Bill Sharp, an upper level employee of major hip-hop retailer Fat Beats and the webmaster of fatbeats.com, had this to say on the matter:
"We had many thousands of units of "Jay Loves Japan" ["sic"] sitting in our warehouse while legalities were worked out with Dilla's estate for nearly one year. There are boots out there, there are imports. The one Fat Beats sells is not a bootleg." The album, however, was released onto the iTunes Store on June 26, 2007 under PayJay Productions, Inc. The album was distributed to retail by the California-based Operation Unknown label in 2008. It is now out of print.
J Dilla began and possibly completed this album before his death in February 2006. The album was intended as an instrumental EP featuring two guest vocal tracks, whereas the label itself first described it as featuring Raekwon, Blu, Ta'Raach, Truth Hurts, and more, tentatively including Slum Village. The album was distributed by Fat Beats Distribution based in New York. The album has an accompanying video series for the track "Can't You See." An EPK was released as far back as 2005. Most recent photographs used of J Dilla, such as the inside cover of J Dilla's BBE album "The Shining", as well as recent MTV pictures, were Operation Unknown photo sessions for "Jay Love Japan".
Deluxe edition.
In 2016, the project was finally properly made available on CD and 12" LP through the work of the Dilla Estate. Released via Vintage Vibez Music Group, a label created for the release of the limited edition J Dilla collection "Dillatronic", the album was remastered and correctly sequenced with songs missing from the earlier 2007 version. Stretched out to 11 tracks the project clocks in at 25 minutes with early pressings of the vinyl version featuring a bonus 7" single containing two additional tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="6985665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985665" title="Violence against Israelis 2000">
Violence against Israelis 2000



</doc>
<doc id="6985666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985666" title="Violence against Israelis 2001">
Violence against Israelis 2001



</doc>
<doc id="6985667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985667" title="Violence against Israelis 2002">
Violence against Israelis 2002



</doc>
<doc id="6985668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985668" title="Violence against Israelis 2003">
Violence against Israelis 2003



</doc>
<doc id="6985670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985670" title="Violence against Israelis 2004">
Violence against Israelis 2004



</doc>
<doc id="6985672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985672" title="Violence against Israelis 2005">
Violence against Israelis 2005



</doc>
<doc id="6985675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985675" title="Violence against Israelis 2006">
Violence against Israelis 2006



</doc>
<doc id="6985676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985676" title="Amanda (Ugly Betty character)">
Amanda (Ugly Betty character)



</doc>
<doc id="6985680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985680" title="List of Colorado fourteeners">
List of Colorado fourteeners

This is a list of mountain peaks in the U.S. State of Colorado that exceed of elevation.
In the mountaineering parlance of the Western United States, a "fourteener" is a mountain peak with an elevation of at least 14,000 feet. This is a complete list of the 53 fourteeners in the U.S. State of Colorado with at least of topographic prominence. See the main fourteener article, which has a list of all of the fourteeners in the United States, for some information about how such lists are determined and caveats about elevation and ranking accuracy.
The summit of a mountain or hill may be measured in three principal ways:
Fourteeners.
The following sortable table comprises the 53 Colorado summits with at least of elevation and at least of topographic prominence.

</doc>
<doc id="6985687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985687" title="SEA Games 2007">
SEA Games 2007



</doc>
<doc id="6985690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985690" title="Mensan">
Mensan



</doc>
<doc id="6985702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985702" title="Le Christ jaune">
Le Christ jaune



</doc>
<doc id="6985707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985707" title="Gravity Love">
Gravity Love



</doc>
<doc id="6985708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985708" title="Sotaquirá">
Sotaquirá

Sotaquirá is a town and municipality in the Central Boyacá Province, part of the Colombian department of Boyacá. Sotaquirá is situated in the Eastern Ranges of the Colombian Andes with the small urban center at an altitude of at from Tunja. Sotaquirá is a highly rural municipality with 90% of the people living in rural areas and about 50% more cows than inhabitants. The municipality borders Tuta in the east, Paipa in the north, Gámbita, Santander in the west and Cómbita in the south.
History.
Located on the Altiplano Cundiboyacense, Sotaquirá before the Spanish conquest was inhabited by the Muisca organized in their loose Muisca Confederation. Sotaquirá was ruled by the "zaque" of Hunza, present-day department capital Tunja. Modern Sotaquirá was founded on December 20, 1582 by friar Arturo Cabeza de Vaca.
Etymology.
In the Chibcha language of the Muisca Sotaquirá means "Town of the sovereign".
Economy.
Main economical activities of Sotaquirá are agriculture (barley, beans, potatoes, maize, peas and fruits as peaches, pear, prunes, apples, blackberries, strawberries, curuba, tree tomatoes and feijoa), livestock and dairy farming.

</doc>
<doc id="6985714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985714" title="Mamba (candy)">
Mamba (candy)

Mamba fruit chews are a brand of fruit chew candies, produced by August Storck KG. They are available in the flavors of strawberry, orange, lemon, raspberry and cherry. Mamba was launched in the German market in 1953 and in the US in 1986. They are sold in packages of 6, 18, or 24 soft chews and the flavors within each package are selected at random.
"Mamba Sour" Fruit Chews were first released in 2007.
"Mamba Cola &amp; Friends" are a mix of cola and fruit flavors (lemon, cherry, pineapple, orange) sold in the German market.
"Mamba Tropics" was released March 2017 featuring the flavors Peach-Passionfruit, Pineapple-Coconut, Mango-Orange, and Apple-Kiwi.

</doc>
<doc id="6985717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985717" title="Aqua Augusta">
Aqua Augusta

Aqua Augusta may refer to two Roman aqueducts:

</doc>
<doc id="6985719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985719" title="Gustaf Zuckermandel, Jr.">
Gustaf Zuckermandel, Jr.



</doc>
<doc id="6985727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985727" title="List of California 14,000-foot summits">
List of California 14,000-foot summits

This is a complete list of the 12 summits with elevation higher than in the U.S. state of California, with at least of topographic prominence. In mountaineering parlance, these peaks are known as fourteeners. The main fourteener article has a list of all of the fourteeners in the United States, as well as references, more information about how the list is determined, and caveats about accuracy.
The summit of a mountain or hill may be measured in three principal ways:
Summits higher than 14,000 feet.
The following sortable table comprises the 12 California summits with at least of elevation and at least of topographic prominence.

</doc>
<doc id="6985736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985736" title="Manus marriage">
Manus marriage

Manus ( ; ) was an Ancient Roman type of marriage, of which there were two forms: cum manu and sine manu. In a "cum manu" marriage, the wife was placed under the legal control of the husband. In a "sine manu" marriage, the wife remained under the legal control of her father.
In both "cum manu" and "sine manu" marriages, if both the husband and wife were "alieni iuris" (persons under "patria potestas"; that is, under the power of their respective "patres familias"), the marriage could only take place with the approval of both "patres familias". Procedures for initiating and terminating marriage varied with the type of union.
Initially, "cum manu" was the sole form of marriage, but eventually only "sine manu" marriage was widely practiced.
"Cum manu".
In a "cum manu" union, the wife was released from the control of her father and became a member of her husband's family, standing thereafter under "potestas" of her husband or her father-in-law. Legally adopted by her husband, she received the same entitlements as other children in the family over matters of intestate succession and inherited thereafter not from her father but from her husband. However, the power he held over her was limited in comparison to that which he held over his own daughter; he lacked for example, the legal right of life and death, and "noxal surrender" or "sale" over her. This change of status, known as "capitis diminutio minima", conferred on the wife the title of "materfamilias".
The wife in a "cum manu" marriage held no proprietary capacity, meaning she could not own any property. Ownership of everything acquired prior to "cum manu" was transferred to her husband or his "paterfamilias", while existing liabilities were erased. However, during the time of Cicero, the dowry was recognized as distinguishable and therefore recoverable.
A widowed or divorced woman became "sui iuris". A widow of a "cum manu" marriage could select her own tutor and draft a will.
"Cum manu" was procured in one of three ways: "confarreatio", "coemptio" and "usus".
"Confarreatio".
The ritual of "confarreatio", a kind of sacrifice made to Jupiter, was available only to patricians. During this ritual, the bride and groom shared a bread made of emmer ("farreus") (hence, the term "confarreatio" translates to "sharing of emmer bread"), a process that required the presence of ten witnesses and the recital of ceremonial sacred verses.
High priests of Jupiter, Mars, and Quirinus were required to be born from "confarreatio" unions. As "confarreatio" fell from favor, it became increasingly difficult to find candidates for priesthood. In order to revive the practice of "confarreatio", it was amended such that the wife of a "Flamen Dialis" fell under the control of her husband only during rituals and was otherwise as autonomous as other women. "Cum manu" was no longer acquired through "confarreatio" and became restricted to patricians pursuing priestly positions.
"Coemptio".
The matrimonial process of "coemptio", in essence a notional sale of the woman to the husband, could be transacted at any point during the marriage. The transaction was conducted by a scales-holder in the presence of at least five witnesses, all of whom were adult male Roman citizens. "Coemptio" could be contracted not only with a husband ("for the sake of marriage"), but also with an outsider ("for the sake of trust"). A wife who had become "cum manu" through the process of "coemptio" was emancipated upon divorce. By the 2nd century AD, a wife could compel her husband to emancipate her, a right not shared by her children. "Coemptio" was presumably a rare practice even during the 2nd century BC.
"Usus".
A "cum manu" acquired by "usus" was simply the cohabitation of the husband and wife for the duration of a year, after which ownership of the wife was transferred to her partner and she was considered taken by the decree of yearly possession. This process required no ceremonial practices.
If the woman was not willing to come under the ownership of her husband, she could avoid "manus" by absenting herself for the total of three days and three nights before the end of each year. A woman married "cum manu" through "usus" was emancipated upon divorce.
The law of "usus" was eventually repealed, presumably because the practice had fallen out of use.
"Sine manu".
In a "sine manu" union, the wife legally and ritually remained a member of her father's family, standing under the control of her father's "potestas". A "sine manu" marriage did not change the legal status of the bride with respect to property rights. In other words, the bride is not under control of the husband. This form of marriage was not solemnized with ceremonial formalities, although it was customary for the bride to be escorted to her bridegroom's house, but rather involved a husband and wife living together with the intention of marriage under Roman law. The children of this union were legally members of the husband's agnatic kin. They held no legal connection with the mother's paterfamilias and could not make claims on her intestate.
It was only when the woman's "paterfamilias" died that she became "sui iuris". This union allowed the wife to become independent sooner than "cum manu", under the assumption that the fathers are likely to have died before a husband. Primarily this served the natal family, allowing her property to stay in the father's possession.
Various factors may have led to the extinction of "cum manu" and the predominance of "sine manu" during the Roman Republic. Women faced with the loss of property when entering a "cum manu" marriage began to only consent to "sine manu" unions.

</doc>
<doc id="6985744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985744" title="Love Gone Sour, Suspicion, and Bad Debt">
Love Gone Sour, Suspicion, and Bad Debt

Love Gone Sour, Suspicion, and Bad Debt is the third album by the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, band the Clarks. The first single, "Cigarette", makes reference to Fayette County, the rural county located 35 miles south of Pittsburgh from which lead singer Scott Blasey hails. "Treehouse" and "Madeline" were local radio hits.
The album sold around 16,000 copies and led to a major label contract with MCA. It sold out of its initial pressing.
Critical reception.
The "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" wrote that the album "cruises along with a hook-heavy obsessiveness that puts it right up there with Tom Petty &amp; the Heartbreakers and every other guilty pleasure left over from the '70s." In 1996, "Erie Times-News" determined that it "completed a move toward a rootsier, Americana vibe that occasionally conjured up influences like Tom Petty, Bob Seger, Bruce Springsteen, and the Silos."

</doc>
<doc id="6985754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985754" title="Operation Bøllebank">
Operation Bøllebank

The Operation Bøllebank (English: "Operation Bully Bashing") is the name given to the military confrontation between Bosnian Serb military forces and Danish, Norwegian, and Swedish combat units composing the United Nations Protection Force's (UNPROFOR) Nordic Battalion (NORDBAT 2), outside of the city of Tuzla on 29 April 1994.
When trying to relieve Swedish forces at the Tango 2 observation post past the village of Kalesija, Danish forces of the Jydske Dragonregiment were ambushed by the Bosnian Serb Šekovići brigade. The ambush was dispersed by backup UN forces retaliating with heavy fire from Danish Leopard 1 A5 tanks in two separate firefights. While no Danish or Swedish soldiers were killed in the operation, estimates place the number of Serb deaths as high as 150.
The incident is the first time the Danish Armed Forces had carried out combat operations since the Second World War nearly fifty years prior, and is the source of ongoing debate and controversy as to the rights of UN peacekeeping forces to exert force and engage in direct combat.
UNPROFOR in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Violence and civil war throughout the Balkans began in 1991 with the collapse of the federation of Yugoslav republics. From 1992, fighting spilled over into Bosnia and Herzegovina as the nation attempted to achieve independence and recognition. Hoping to lay the foundation for peace agreements and to minimise the humanitarian consequences of fighting, the UN deployed peacekeeping forces to Bosnia shortly after the onset of conflict. In 1992, shortly after the spread of war to Bosnia and Herzegovina, the United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR) was established and sent to the region to, amongst other tasks, forward humanitarian efforts throughout Bosnia and Herzegovina, eventually growing into a force of nearly 38,599 military personnel as of March 1995. Six UN Safe Areas were established by the Security Council throughout the country in Sarajevo, Tuzla, Srebrenica, Bihać, Goražde and Žepa in 1993 to protect civilians from the advancing Bosnian-Serb army and their violence against civilian populations during the advance.
The creation of the UN Safe Areas did, however, contribute to mounting criticism of UN peacekeeping due to engrained conceptual contradictions in their establishment. Although parties were required to treat the established areas as "safe" as per Security Council resolution, UNPROFOR troops managing and protecting the areas were given little in terms of practical means to carry out their mandates. While in principle UNPROFOR was authorised to use force in self-defence and to coordinate air support for its missions with NATO, UN leadership strategically avoided situations which allowed the peacekeepers to legitimately use force, rather expecting their mere presence to deter potential attacks and ensure the security of Safe Area inhabitants. Additionally, UNPROFOR was faced with the fundamentally contradictory task of carrying out traditional peacekeeping activities in an area with no peace to upkeep, but rather plagued by ongoing violence.
Tuzla Safe Area.
The advancing Bosnian-Serb army threatening to conquer the town of Srebrenica and other parts of Eastern Bosnia, as well as the number of atrocities carried out by Bosnian-Serb forces against civilian populations despite UN efforts led the Security council to establish six so-called UN Safe Areas throughout Bosnia in Sarajevo, Tuzla, Srebrenica, Bihać, Goražde and Žepa. One such Safe Area was established in Tuzla, a salt mining city 120 km from Sarajevo in the north-eastern region of Bosnia. Tuzla became a critical location due firstly to its status as a population centre in the country, with the population more than doubling in size from its pre-war population 170,000 inhabitants to over 370,000. Secondly, the strategic importance of the Tuzla Safe Area also stemmed from its proximity to the newly-established border between the Serb-controlled Republika Srpska and the Bosniak-controlled areas. Tuzla was also a strategic location in the war due to its possession of one of few large airfields in the country.
Responsibility for the protection and management of the Tuzla Safe Area was placed on , a combined force of 1,246 Danish, Norwegian and Swedish troops. As the fall of the Soviet Union had essentially left Denmark for the first time in its history without a potential military adversary, the worsening situation in the Balkans and the establishment of UNPROFOR operations in the region provided a new peacekeeping application for Danish defences.
Under this mandate, a main assignment of NORDBAT 2 was to ensure the continuing ability of the international community to provide military equipment and humanitarian aid for distribution throughout the country by protecting the large airfield just outside of Tuzla. In 1994, Lars Møller of the Danish defence forces was appointed as the second in command for the entirety of NORDBAT 2, an operation composed of units from three national militaries, as well as the commander for the Danish units. As the Danish military had already deployed a large number of troops to assist UN troops in Croatia and Bosnia, supporting UNPROFOR operations in Tuzla stood as a relatively routine and uncontroversial decision. The additional decision of the Danish Parliament on the 17 August 1993 to send 10 mid-weight Leopard 1 tanks along with troops to Tuzla was, however, highly controversial as the deployment of heavy armoured vehicles, such as the tanks, had never been done before in support of a humanitarian operation as in Tuzla.
The incident.
The situation in Bosnia deteriorated in the beginning of 1994 as Bosnian Serb forces began launching a number of offensives against the UN Safe Area in Goražde, ultimately ended by a NATO airstrike. Conditions in the Safe Area of Tuzla reflected the general trend, and the weeks leading up to Operation Bøllebank became characterised by a notable intensification of shelling, especially directed toward the airport in Tuzla. In response to the increased shelling, the Danish squadron developed an emergency plan—Plan Bøllebank—in order to be able to quickly mobilise troops in defence of the airfield at Tuzla. Although the alarm was sounded and the plan executed several times under heavy shelling, mobilisation of troops and tanks at the Tuzla airfield never led directly to a direct firefight or confrontation.
On the night of 29 April 1994, however, alarms sounded in the Danish camp and seven out of the ten Leopard 1 A5 tanks were called into action. Accounts from several of the tank commanders tell of the tank divisions being mobilised and sent out without clear orders or assignment, but informed that the lives of UN personnel were at risk. It was soon relayed to the tank commanders, however, that they were to rescue the observation post TANGO 2, defended by Norwegian and Swedish troops, which had come under heavy fire by the Bosnian Serb forces they were surveilling on a nearby mountaintop.
As the column of tanks neared the village of Sarači 8 kilometres east of Tuzla, they came under heavy shelling by Bosnian Serb forces using mortars and anti-tank rockets, among other forms of artillery. While parts of the column sought shelter in Sarači, a pair of tanks was sent on in an attempt to save the TANGO 2 post. The two tanks again came under heavy artillery fire as they reached the outskirts of the village of Kalesija, the closest settlement to the observation post. Although Danish commanders requested NATO support in the form of an airstrike, these requests were ultimately denied.
The exact sequence of events which followed has been heavily disputed as official accounts of the operation have been challenged by details and alternate accounts brought forth by tank commanders and other Danish troops who took part in the operation. The disputes have primarily revolved around two crucial aspects: whether explicit orders were ever issued for the forces stationed in Sarači to assume a defensive position and to return Bosnian Serb fire, and if so, who issued those orders. According to several sources, losses on the Bosnian Serb side reached up to 150 men and an ammo depot. These numbers remain unofficial, however, as Bosnian Serb commanders officially stated that they suffered only nine losses during the incident. What is known with certainty, however, is that the Danish forces did return fire on their attackers, firing in total 72 rounds at the Bosnian Serb troops: 44 high explosive (brisance) rounds, 19 phosphorus rounds, and 19 armour-piercing rounds. Rounds struck an ammunition depot and several bunkers as well as three T-55 Bosnian Serb tanks, according to other source, causing a great deal of destruction and thwarting the ambush in an instance of what Møller describes as "the mouse who ate the cat".
Aftermath.
The events of Operation Bøllebank were by no means without consequences for either the Danish forces or the larger UN peacekeeping operations that they supported as a part of UNPROFOR. Criticism of the operation and its leadership, particularly the Danish leaders Lars Møller and Carsten Rasmussen, came from both UN administrators and the successive leadership of NORDBAT 2. Those in the UN who had always been skeptical of the deployment of tanks by the Danish government claimed that the mere presence of the armoured vehicles in Tuzla was a provocation and caused an increase in aggression on the Serbian side. Internally, the last commander of NORDBAT 2, Brigadier General Per Hvidberg, stationed in Tuzla from 1995 to 1996, described Møller’s use of force to be unnecessary, "provocatory" and "wrong" as it breached the strict rules of engagement set in place by the UN.
The incident elicited mixed internal responses, as resistance and scepticism toward the use of heavy artillery and tanks as components of peacekeeping missions had always been raised by parts of the UN, whilst other parts had proven willing to approve the use of such force. In the aftermath of Operation Bøllebank, UN headquarters in Zagreb, Croatia, began investigating whether the Danes had broken the rules of engagement in place through excessive use of force. A debriefing showed that Danish forces had opened fire only after they had been fired upon and then only after a significant delay. According to Møller, UN headquarters took some measures to limit the freedom of movement of the Danish tanks after the incident. Hearings or investigation of the events of Operation Bøllebank were never undertaken by the Danish government. Another incident took place later that year between Danish peacekeepers and Serb forces near Gradačac in the course of Operation Amanda.
On a larger scale, the operation also resulted in serious consequences for the UNPROFOR and the reputation and legitimacy of UN peacekeeping. The Security Council’s decision to allow the use of force by UNPROFOR forces in self-defence and to collaborate with NATO to order air support resulted in great discrepancies between the military reality of conditions on the ground in Bosnia and traditionally-held understandings of the nature and role of UN peacekeeping. As was illustrated in the case of Operation Bøllebank, what resulted as a consequence of such discrepancies was a largely-disjointed system in which UNPROFOR forces, who were in principle authorised to use force and air support in self-defence, but they often had their requests denied by a UN leadership that was wary of allowing UNPROFOR forces to exercise such authorisations for fear of being perceived as a warring party itself. While not a direct consequence of Operation Bøllebank, the contradictory structures and mandate at the basis of UNPROFOR and the controversial role played by its operations in Bosnia and Herzegovina ultimately led the Security Council to disband UNPROFOR as a separate department in March 1995 and to restructure the programme into the separate-but-interlinked peacekeeping operations.
Ongoing debate in Denmark.
Operation Bøllebank has been referred to in the Danish media as a famous and historic event in Danish military history. In recent years, the incident has again received media attention after a nearly 600-page book by Lars Møller entitled “Operation Bøllebank” recounting the events was published in 2016. The description forwarded by Møller in his book has been a central driver in re-awakening debate about the series of events which occurred under the operation more than twenty years prior and bringing Operation Bøllebank back into Danish headlines.
Strong criticism since 2016 has mainly been raised by a group of soldiers who took part in Operation Bøllebank, and has targeted the leadership of Carsten Rasmussen, leader of the tank squadron at the time of the operation, and Møller himself, declaring official accounts of the operation to be false. Criticism of the operation’s leadership was first voiced in an interview with Erik Kirk, platoon leader of the second platoon. Although the interview with Kirk occurred nearly a decade before the publishing of Møller’s book, it was not until 2016, two years after Kirk’s death, that other members of the operation added their criticisms and brought the case into the media spotlight. Declaring the official accounts to be a standing joke, opposition to Møller’s and the official record of events was raised and corroborated by over 20 sources who had taken part in the operation.
The most hotly contested details of the accounts are those describing the commands given to put the second platoon into formation and the orders authorising the first platoon to return fire upon Serb military forces. Contrary to what stands in the official accounts, the alternate description of events described by a number of soldiers insist that Rasmussen and Møller remained silent over the radio and never gave direct orders for platoons to either assemble into formation or to fire upon the Serbs, requiring the tank commanders in the field to take matters into their own hands in order to avoid casualties during Operation Bøllebank. As one of the tank commanders recalls, there were no orders to put the second platoon into formation to provide protective fire as the first unit of tanks began to move forward, a failure to follow even the most basic military procedures which could have resulted in serious consequences for the Danish troops.
The allegations raised in 2016 became so significant that Danmarks Radio, Denmark’s state-owned broadcasting company, produced a special radio documentary on the operation in January 2017 under the title "The Lie about Operation Bøllebank" (). Rasmussen and Møller both answered to the allegations raised against them with differing accounts of the events. In the radio documentary, Rasmussen maintains that as the first shots were fired by the Serb forces, he raced to his tanks to order the second platoon into position. Møller, on the other hand, claims that due to lack of time under the attack, explicit orders to put the second platoon’s tanks into formation were never given. Both Møller and Rasmussen, however, insist that the orders to return fire on the attacking Serbs were communicated by Møller himself over radio.
The broadcast was the source of considerable scandal as the accounts from the two leaders were met with further claims from tank commanders and other supporting troops that Rasmussen and Møller engaged media on such a high degree in order to claim credit for the mission’s success it and further their own careers. Rasmussen and Møller raised consequent allegations against DR’s journalistic integrity, resulting in the temporary removal of the broadcast before it was later re-broadcast under the new title "Operation Bøllebank- The Fight for the Truth" (Danish: "Operation Bøllebank- Kampen om Sandheden"). While the radio documentary and several other media investigations of the operation and the allegations against Møller and Rasmussen’s accounts succeeded in generating public debate and political pressure to have the official accounts reinvestigated, Defence Minister Claus Hjort Frederiksen claimed that the case had passed the statute of limitations, thus dismissing the possibility of further investigation.

</doc>
<doc id="6985755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985755" title="Grif (Red vs. Blue)">
Grif (Red vs. Blue)



</doc>
<doc id="6985758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985758" title="Bosnian diaspora">
Bosnian diaspora

The Bosnian diaspora consists of Bosnian emigrants of all ethnicities and their descendants in countries such as the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Sweden, Switzerland, Australia and elsewhere. There are an estimated 2 million Bosnians living outside Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Causes.
The Bosnian diaspora was the consequence of either voluntary departure, coercion and/or forced migrations or expulsions that occurred on several occasions since the 1870s:

</doc>
<doc id="6985762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985762" title="Segway HT">
Segway HT



</doc>
<doc id="6985764" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985764" title="Tatiana Bulanova">
Tatiana Bulanova

Tatyana Ivanovna Rudneva (; née Bulanova (Буланова); born 6 March 1969 in Leningrad, Soviet Union) is a Russian singer recognized for her strong, melancholic romance ballads, catchy electro-pop beats and techno remixes. She shot to fame in 1990 when she started her singing career with the band Letniy sad (). Tatyana and Letniy sad had 10 hit albums together between 1990 and 1996. Since 1996, she has maintained her popularity and released a further 18 hit solo albums. She was named a Meritorious Artist of Russia (2004).
After her marriage to Russian football player, Vladislav Radimov (), she took some time to focus on her family, typically performing in the "All-Stars" shows instead of solo concerts. Bulanova and Radimov divorced in 2016. They have one son, Nikita. This was Bulanova's second marriage. In June 2023, she married former tennis player Valery Rudnev.

</doc>
<doc id="6985772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985772" title="Chae Ri-na">
Chae Ri-na

Chae Ri-na (; born Bak Hyeon-ju (Park Hyun-Joo), ; February 3, 1978) is a South Korean singer. She debuted in 1995 as a member of the best-selling co-ed vocal group Roo'ra. She was also a member of the girl group Diva, which debuted in 1997, and the duo Girl Friends, which debuted in 2006.
Personal life.
Chae married professional baseball player Park Yong-geun in 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="6985779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985779" title="Latin American Independence">
Latin American Independence



</doc>
<doc id="6985786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985786" title="Chae Rina">
Chae Rina



</doc>
<doc id="6985789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985789" title="Deltoid ligament">
Deltoid ligament

The deltoid ligament (or medial ligament of talocrural joint) is a strong, flat, triangular band, attached, above, to the apex and anterior and posterior borders of the medial malleolus. The deltoid ligament supports the ankle joint and also resists excessive eversion of the foot.
The deltoid ligament is composed of 4 fibers:
It consists of two sets of fibers, superficial and deep.
Superficial fibres.
Of the superficial fibres, 
Deep fibres.
The deep fibres ("anterior tibiotalar") are attached from the anterior colliculus of the medial malleolus to the medial talus and medial tubercle
Coverings.
The deltoid ligament is covered by the tendons of the tibialis posterior and flexor digitorum longus which are supplied by the tibial nerve (L4, L5, S1, S2, and S3).

</doc>
<doc id="6985790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985790" title="Segway Personal Transporter">
Segway Personal Transporter



</doc>
<doc id="6985794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985794" title="Internal lateral ligament of the ankle-joint">
Internal lateral ligament of the ankle-joint



</doc>
<doc id="6985795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985795" title="Bido (Dragon Ball)">
Bido (Dragon Ball)



</doc>
<doc id="6985796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985796" title="Marmaduke Grove">
Marmaduke Grove

Marmaduke Grove Vallejo (July 6, 1878 – May 15, 1954), was a Chilean Air Force officer, political figure and member of the Government Junta of the Socialist Republic of Chile in 1932.
Early life.
Grove was born in Copiapó, Chile, the son of lawyer, José Marmaduke Grove Avalos and Ana Vallejo Burgos. His first studies were in School Nº 1 of Copiapó and later at the local Liceum. From a very young age he was interested in the army, and in 1892, was accepted to the Chilean Naval Academy. Very shortly before graduation, he participated in the so-called "Stale-bread rebellion", as a result of which he was expelled from the navy. That incident proved to be his turning point and from then on he declared his motto to be an "undying love for the underdogs and for true justice".
In 1897, Grove was accepted in the Military Academy, from which he graduated as an artillery sub-lieutenant. At the Military Academy, he was a classmate of Carlos Ibáñez del Campo and Arturo Puga, both of whom he remained in contact with for the rest of his long military and political life. In 1906, he was sent to Germany to specialize in artillery, and remained there until 1911. By 1912 he had become a Freemason and the following year he joined the War Academy. Later he was transferred to the Tacna Garrison, where he remained until 1917, during which time he married Rebeca Valenzuela, with whom he had six children.
Grove had a brilliant military career, and from 1920 to 1924 he was Under-Director of the Military Academy. After being promoted to Colonel, he was named Director of the Air Force Academy in 1925.
Political career.
Grove first involved himself with politics in 1924. On September 3, 1924, he had a notorious participation in the incident known as the "saber rattling", where 56 military officers protested against their low salaries. The next day the officers involved created the "military committee" to defend themselves from the government. He was selected to carry the petitions to the president. These included increase of the military salaries, changes to the income tax, constitutional reforms, and changes to the employment code. He also was in charge of obtaining the support from the navy officers, which he got. He also tried his hand at journalism, and had a column in the newspaper "La Nación" supporting the committee, under the byline of Ekud.
This incident was a turning point. Even though the petitions were approved, the committee was not dissolved. President Arturo Alessandri, noticing that he had lost control over these officers, resigned and left the country on September 10. This led to the creation of a government junta, sometimes called the September Junta, with the participation of Carlos Ibáñez del Campo.
Calais pact.
In 1925, Grove was promoted to colonel and started a long period of travels through Europe, as military attaché. When Carlos Ibáñez del Campo became president, he was confirmed as military attaché in London, as a way to keep him outside the country. While in London, he contacted ex-president Alessandri who was also in exile. Together they started to conspire against Ibáñez. On January 17, 1929, together with the also exiled General Enrique Bravo and major Carlos Millán, they signed the “Calais pact" and swore to bring democracy back to Chile. In November of that year, a meeting of the conspirators was discovered at Dover by the Ibáñez agents, and on November 28 he was sent into retirement from the army and deported to Buenos Aires.
The little red plane.
Once in Argentina, Grove immediately started to conspire again. On September 21, 1930, he flew to Chile in a little red plane and landed in Concepción. The plan failed and Grove, together with lieutenant Carlos Charlín Ojeda were arrested and deported to Easter Island. He managed to escape from there on board a French corvette bound for Tahiti, and from there he went to Marseille. Nonetheless he only was able to return to Chile after the fall of Ibáñez on July 26, 1931.
Socialist Republic of Chile.
Once back in Chile, President Juan Esteban Montero reincorporated Grove to the Army and on March 17, 1932, promoted him to Air Commodore and named him Air Force Commander-in-chief. Still, Grove continued conspiring against Montero, and toppled him on June 4, 1932, through a military coup. He then proceeded to create the Socialist Republic of Chile. This republic lasted only 12 days.
The Socialist republic was headed by a Government Junta composed of General Arturo Puga, Carlos Dávila and Eugenio Matte. He became Defense minister, a position he held from June 5 to June 16, 1932.
In that short time, the Socialist republic only managed to approve a few social measures, such as the obligation of the Central Bank to grant credits to small mining and agricultural concerns and the return of the pawned articles at the government-owned pawnbroker to their owners. They also established diplomatic relations with the Soviet Union.
The Government Junta was in turn toppled by Carlos Dávila on June 16, 1932, who in turn remained in power for only one hundred days. In the meantime, Grove was once again exiled to Easter Island.
Presidential candidate.
During the presidential elections of 1932, Grove was nominated as a candidate by the Socialist forces. He was only able to return from his exile on Easter Island two days before the election, but still managed to finish second, behind Arturo Alessandri, with 17.7% of the vote.
Later life.
On April 19, 1933, together with Oscar Schnake, Salvador Allende, and Carlos Alberto Martínez, Grove founded the Socialist Party of Chile. He became General Secretary of that party in 1938 and president of the Popular Front coalition that won the presidential election that same year with the candidate Pedro Aguirre Cerda.
Grove was elected Senator on May 9, 1934, in a by-election held to replace deceased Senator Eugenio Matte Hurtado, who had died in January of that year. His slogan was, "From the jail to the Senate", because he had to campaign from jail, where he was kept for conspiring against President Alessandri. As senator he proposed the first plan of Agrarian Reform in Chile in 1939. His slogan this time was, "Neither land without men nor men without land" ("Ni tierra sin hombres, ni hombres sin tierra"). He was reelected as a Senator in 1941. He was defeated by Carlos Ibáñez del Campo and retired from the Senate in 1949.
Grove died at the age of 75 on May 15, 1954, in Santiago, Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="6985798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985798" title="Instituto de Estudos Empresariais">
Instituto de Estudos Empresariais

Instituto de Estudos Empresariais (IEE) (Institute for Entrepreneurial Studies) is a Brazilian non-profit organization that promotes a neoliberalism agenda and states that it is without any politically partisan commitments. It is funded through contributions by its members and companies that support its mission to build a freer and more prosperous society.
History.
In 1984, Brazil went through a historic process of political opening. Military leaders who had governed the country since 1964 gave way to re-democratization. Citizens and civil organizations pressed for a fast return to democracy and called for a new Constitutional Assembly to establish a new institutional order. Proposals from different perspectives were put forward, but leftist movements made their suggestions echo loudest.
At that time, a group of young businessmen in the city of Porto Alegre, who were pursuing their professional training and who did not agree with the ideological position that prevailed in the Brazilian political and business environment, decided to establish a study group, a place for debate and intellectual growth guided by values such as responsibility, property, freedom, order, justice, democracy, and a market economy. This is how IEE was established, with the mission of educating business leaders who are committed to a model of social and political organization based on the aforementioned values.
These young people called for re¬democratization as part of a broader argument in favor of economic open¬ness, the establishment of strong and adequate institutions, and a freer and more prosperous society. After many meetings to define how the institute would be organized, IEE’s founders concluded that the focus should be on the training and education of their own members, turning into an Academy, thereby creating leaders who would be intellectually prepared with broad social knowledge and strong ethical values to make a positive impact on society.
IEE members can be either permanent or honorary. Permanent members are young entrepreneurs aged 20 to 35 who identify with the values of the institute and who are being trained. Honorary members, having already been through the training cycle, counsel and support the training of those who are younger.
Four honorary members are also members of the Mont Pelerin Society.
Objectives.
The main goals of the institute are to analyze problems and issues facing society; discuss alternatives and suggestions to solve them; encourage the emergence and preparation of business leaders who are committed to advocating and preserving the market economy and free-enterprise values; foster the training of its members within the principles of good ethics; and to promote the relationship of its members with the cultural and economic segments of society.
Additionally, the Institute aims at developing its members six skills, deemed essential for the exercise of good leadership, namely: moral and ethical principles, foresight, vitality and motivation, ability to mobilize and achieve results, an extensive network of relationships, and communication skills.
The meetings are held every Monday night, when important entrepreneurs, politicians, economists, sociologists, philosophers, and historians are invited to address the members of the institute. Additionally, internal debates and presentations of books, weekend workshops are organized, and publication of books with papers are written by the members.
The main external activity of IEE is the "Fórum da Liberdade" (Liberty Forum). It is an important venue for debates held every year since 1988 and currently gathers around 6,000 people in two days to discuss subjects such as individual freedoms, property rights, respect for contracts, limitations of power, the institutional environment, and so on. Recognized in the Rio Grande do Sul State and all over Brazil for its size and ability to attract the elite of world thinkers, the Liberty Forum is one of the most significant meetings of liberal thought in the world.
Awards.
IEE was the recipient of the 2007 Templeton Freedom Award Grant from Atlas Economic Research Foundation at a public ceremony in April, during the 2007 Atlas Liberty Forum in Philadelphia, PA, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="6985800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985800" title="Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicle">
Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicle



</doc>
<doc id="6985802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985802" title="Laura Clay">
Laura Clay

Laura Clay (February 9, 1849June 29, 1941), co-founder and first president of the Kentucky Equal Rights Association, was a leader of the American women's suffrage movement. She was one of the most important suffragists in the South, favoring the states' rights approach to suffrage. A powerful orator, she was active in the Democratic Party and had important leadership roles in local, state and national politics. In 1920 at the Democratic National Convention, she was one of two women, alongside Cora Wilson Stewart, to be the first women to have their names placed into nomination for the presidency at the convention of a major political party.
Family and early life.
A daughter of Cassius Marcellus Clay and his wife Mary Jane Warfield, Clay was born at their estate, White Hall, near Richmond, Kentucky. The youngest of four daughters, Laura was raised largely by her mother, due to her father's long absences as he pursued his political career and activities as an abolitionist. At age 15, Laura started to question the inferior status of women in society by confiding in her diary that “I think I have a mind superior to that of many boys my age.” Clay was educated at Sayre School in Lexington, Kentucky, Mrs. Sarah Hoffman's Finishing School in New York City, the University of Michigan, and the University of Kentucky.
Clay's parents divorced in 1878, leaving her mother Mary Jane Warfield Clay homeless after she had managed White Hall for 45 years. After the divorce, Clay became aware of the equities between married men and women and their property rights. This inequality galvanized Clay's older sisters, Mary and Sarah "Sallie" Clay Bennett to join the women's rights movement, as did Laura and her younger sister, Annie (later Mrs. Dabney Crenshaw, a co-founder of the Equal Suffrage League of Virginia).
Kentucky Woman Suffrage Association.
The 11th Annual Meeting of the American Woman Suffrage Association (AWSA) was held in Louisville, Kentucky on October 26 and 27, 1881. This was the first time Louisville hosted a national suffrage event - and it was the first such event in the South. AWSA President Lucy Stone and Mary Barr Clay (who became AWSA president in 1883) met at the home of Clay's mother Mary Jane Warfield Clay in Lexington, Kentucky. Stone convinced the younger sister Laura Clay to make a presentation at the convention.
The post-convention saw the founding of Kentucky's first suffrage organization, the Kentucky Woman Suffrage Association, which was the first in the South. While there were some individual projects undertaken by this new organization, Laura admitted later in life that she was not up to the task. She kept copies of the original constitution, which included a list of charter members.
The Kentucky Equal Rights Association.
After the AWSA convention in Cincinnati in 1888, the Clay sisters and a group of other women, including Josephine K. Henry, founded the Kentucky Equal Rights Association (KERA). Laura Clay was again elected president and served until 1912.
One of the missions of the KERA was to improve the legal status of women in Kentucky and increase educational opportunities. Clay was succeeded by her distant cousin Madeline McDowell Breckinridge. The organization lobbied successfully for a range of legislative reforms, such as protecting married women's wages and property, requiring state women's mental hospitals to have female doctors on staff, inducing Transylvania University and Central University to admit women students, raising the age of marriage consent for girls to 16 from 12, and establishing juvenile courts. They also inspired the University of Kentucky to build its first dormitory for women.
Involvement with the National American Woman Suffrage Association.
During the 1890s, Clay became active in the National American Woman Suffrage Association and became a colleague of Carrie Chapman Catt, Alice Stone Blackwell, Catherine Waugh McCulloch, Alice Lloyd, and other national leaders of the women's rights movement. She traveled nationally speaking on behalf of women's suffrage and established suffrage societies in nine states. She worked closely with Henry Blackwell, who proposed the Southern Strategy. He wanted to convince southern legislators that they could maintain their white supremacy by allowing only educated women to vote. After being an ally of Blackwell, Clay convinced the NAWSA to adopt the Southern Strategy, which would lobby for only educated (primarily white women) to vote. Clay understood that NAWSA would gain male support only if they accepted the white supremacist politics, so she was eventually able to convince Anthony to accept this racist strategy. By 1903, NAWSA excluded black members from their New Orleans convention.
The Kentucky Plan.
Known as one of "Aunt Susan's Girls," Laura Clay took on a national leadership role as chair of NAWSA's Southern Committee; in 1896 she was elected auditor. She had much influence on the NAWSA Business Committee that set the national organization's priorities.
In 1903 Clay was elected as chair of NAWSA's new Increase of Membership Committee and served in that role for twenty years. She developed a new approach to gaining members that came to be known as "The Kentucky Plan." Her idea was to demonstrate through growth in suffrage clubs' membership numbers, that a significant number of women would identify as wanting the right to vote. This fit neatly into the NAWSA strategies of producing statistics and quantification through graphics explaining the need for - and the progress toward - women gaining the right to vote. To get those higher numbers of membership rolls, Clay recommended that local clubs hold only one meeting per year, and that one only for the purpose of collecting names and dues. Clay saw that in Kentucky it was difficult to maintain active interest in the rural areas for the movement. She made membership dues optional as long as local groups would keep on file signed pledges for support. These numbers of pledges would count as membership numbers. However, this method did not build enough enthusiasm to gain supporters needed at the local levels to convince male legislators of the need for change.
Woman's Peace Party.
Clay joined the Woman's Peace Party (a forerunner of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom), which had been founded in 1915 by Carrie Chapman Catt, Jane Addams, and others. Clay served as the party's chairman in Kentucky's 7th Congressional District. She left the party when the United States entered World War I and actively supported the war effort.
From NAWSA's Southern Strategy to Southern States Woman Suffrage Conference.
Clay also was an advocate of states' rights. After Kate M. Gordon organized the Southern States Woman Suffrage Conference to lobby state legislatures for laws to enfranchise white women, Clay advocated rejection of a federal solution for women's voting rights. In 1916 she was elected vice-president-at-large of the Southern States Woman Suffrage Conference, which opposed obtaining suffrage through an amendment to the U.S. Constitution. Clay opposed passage of the Nineteenth Amendment as she believed that it violated states' rights (and the ability of states to restrict extended franchise only to white women). To see a detailed argument by Clay on this subject, read the "Debate before the Woman’s Club of Central Kentucky, October 18th, 1919. Won by the Negative - Miss Clay."
Opposition to federal amendment for woman suffrage.
In 1913, Clay broke from the KERA and the NAWSA because of her opposition to the Susan B. Anthony Amendment. The tension between Clay and Catt increased when Catt decided that all state action should be put off, instead focusing on the national amendment. Since Clay was a Democrat and favored states’ rights, she aligned closely with President Wilson's stance on the issue: suffrage should be up to each individual state, and there should be no national amendment. She believed that enfranchising a large number of “inexperienced voters,” code language for black women, was not such a good idea. She furthered her opposition to the federal amendment by saying that the amendment was just the national government supervising state elections, and thus infringing on states’ choices in the matter. Clay wanted the KERA to campaign separately for suffrage and not resort to a national amendment and extend its supremacy over the states. Clay believed that the Enforcing Clause of the Nineteenth Amendment, and the resulting supervision of state elections, would lead to tyranny and centralized power in Washington, D.C. Although many claimed that Clay opposed the national amendment on racial grounds, she denied that was the case, insisting that the amendment infringed on states’ rights.
Later years.
A devout Episcopalian, Clay also worked for decades to open lay leadership of the Episcopal Church to women.
In 1920 Laura Clay was a founder of the Democratic Women's Club of Kentucky. That same year, she served as a delegate at the 1920 Democratic National Convention held in San Francisco between 28 June and 6 July 1920. Laura Clay made American history as one of the first women (alongside fellow Kentucky delegate Cora Wilson Stewart) to be put forward as a candidate for the Presidential nomination of a major political party. Thanks to the Kentucky delegates' chairman Augustus Owsley Stanley, Clay and Stewart were the first two women to receive a vote each for candidate for president.
On the 44th ballot, Governor James M. Cox of Ohio was nominated as the Democratic Party candidate for president with Franklin D. Roosevelt, the assistant secretary of the Navy from New York, as his vice-presidential running mate. The Democratic Party's platform supported women's suffrage; after a hard-fought series of votes in the U.S. Congress and in state legislatures, the Nineteenth Amendment became part of the U.S. Constitution on August 26, 1920. (It states, "The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex.")
In 1928 Clay actively supported the presidential candidacy of Governor Al Smith of New York and opposed Prohibition. In 1933, she served as temporary chairman of the Kentucky Convention to ratify the Twenty-First Amendment, which was ratified on December 5, 1933, and repealed the Eighteenth Amendment (that had introduced Prohibition when ratified on January 16, 1919).
Clay slipped from public life in her last decade. At the age of 92, she died on June 29, 1941, and was interred at Lexington Cemetery.
Bibliography.
Paul E. Fuller, "Laura Clay and the Woman's Rights Movement" Lexington: The University Press of Kentucky, 1975. 
John M. Murphy, "Laura Clay (1894–1941), a Southern Voice for Woman's Rights," pp. 99–111 in "Women Public Speakers in the United States, 1800–1925: A Bio-Critical Sourcebook". Karlyn Kohrs Campbell, ed. ABC-CLIO, 1993. 
Mary Jane Smith, "Laura Clay (1849-1941): States' Rights and Southern Suffrage Reform," pp. 119–139 in "Kentucky Women: Their Lives and Times". Melissa A. McEuen and Thomas H. Appleton Jr., eds. Athens: The University of Georgia Press, 2015. 

</doc>
<doc id="6985808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985808" title="Israeli deaths due to palestinian terrorism 2001">
Israeli deaths due to palestinian terrorism 2001



</doc>
<doc id="6985819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985819" title="European Enlightenment">
European Enlightenment



</doc>
<doc id="6985821" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985821" title="Anders Aalborg">
Anders Aalborg

Anders Olav Aalborg (August 24, 1914 – February 13, 2000) was a teacher and a politician from Alberta, Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1948 to 1971 as a member of the Social Credit caucus, and served in the cabinets of Premier Ernest Manning and Harry Strom from 1952 to 1971.
Early life.
Anders Olav Aalborg was born on August 24, 1914, in Oxville, Alberta. He grew up on the family farm and attended school in the area. He took his post secondary education in Edmonton and became a teacher. He taught and served as a principal at various schools in the County of Vermilion River from 1933 to 1952, when he left teaching to assume his duties as a cabinet minister. He married Catherine May Burn in 1939 and had two children. He served as vice-president of the Alberta Teachers' Association from 1945 to 1949.
Political career.
Aalborg first ran for office in the 1945 federal election, as the Social Credit candidate in the riding of The Battlefords; he finished last in a field of four candidates.
In 1948 he ran successfully for the Alberta Legislature in the riding of Alexandra. He ran for re-election in the 1952 Alberta general election and held his seat easily winning the two-way race.
After the election Premier Ernest Manning appointed Aalborg to the Executive Council of Alberta as Minister of Education on September 9, 1952. He ran for a third term in office with ministerial advantage in the 1955 Alberta general election. He won the four-way race with a large majority to return to office.
Aalborg ran for a fourth term in the 1959 Alberta general election. He slightly increased his popular vote over the last election easily defeating two other candidates to return to office.
Alborg ran for a fifth term in the 1963 Alberta general election. He won the largest popular vote of his political career to easily hold his seat.
After the election on July 30, 1964, Premier Manning shuffled his cabinet. He gave Aalborg the prestigious Provincial Treasurer position. He ran for his sixth term in the 1967 Alberta general election and won the four-way race with another large majority.
Premier Manning gave Aalborg the Railways and Telephones portfolio in addition to his Provincial Treasurer portfolio on July 13, 1967. He lost that portfolio a year later when Harry Strom became Premier on December 11, 1968. Aalborg had initially been reckoned as Manning's natural successor when Manning announced his retirement earlier in the year, but did not offer himself as a candidate due to poor health.
Aalborg retired from the legislature at dissolution in 1971.
Late life.
Aalborg died on February 13, 2000 in Surrey, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="6985824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985824" title="Bacchus-F">
Bacchus-F

Bacchus () is a non-carbonated South Korean energy drink, launched in 1963 and manufactured by Dong-A Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., part of the Dong-A Socio Group. Its two variants Bacchus-D and Bacchus-F have been popular in South Korea for many years.
In the United States it is distributed by Dong-A America Corporation in a 3.3 oz glass bottle (approximately 1/3 the size of a Red Bull).
Ingredients.
Bacchus contains the following ingredients:
History.
Bacchus was developed with a strong influence from Lipovitan-D, by Kang Shinho, who had studied medicine in Germany in the 1950s. He named the product Bacchus after the Roman god of wine, of which he had seen a statue inside of the Hamburg City Hall. Bacchus was introduced in 1961 as a tablet (), sold in pharmacies as an 'herbal medicine' to prevent colds and cure hangovers.
In 1963 Kang turned it into a drink.
In particular Bacchus-F, with its higher content of 2000 mg of Taurine, has been a favourite of Korean university students.
With the worldwide rise of energy drinks as fashionable mixers in alcoholic drinks like Vodka-Red Bull, Bacchus also has gained a place in American culture. The most common form of consumption is the "Bacchus Bomb", which is produced by pouring a full 3.3 oz bottle of Bacchus into a cup and subsequently dropping a shot glass filled with vodka into the cup, with the resulting mixture being consumed as rapidly as possible.
In popular culture.
"The Bacchus Lady" is a South Korean film that was presented in the Panorama section of the 66th Berlin International Film Festival. The film depicts the life of an elderly Bacchus Lady, which is a Korean prostitute selling the Bacchus energy drink.
In the 2009 Korean film "Mother", directed by Bong Joon-ho, the protagonist is given a bottle of insecticide by his mother in a Bacchus bottle as a child.

</doc>
<doc id="6985828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985828" title="Leonard Ravenhill">
Leonard Ravenhill

Leonard Ravenhill (18 June 1907 – 27 November 1994) was a British Christian evangelist and author who focused on the subjects of prayer and revival. He is best known for challenging western evangelicalism (through his books and sermons) to compare itself to the early Christian Church as chronicled in the Book of Acts. His most notable book is "Why Revival Tarries" which has sold over a million copies worldwide.
Biography.
Leonard Ravenhill was born in Leeds in 1907. He was educated at Cliff College in England and sat under the ministry of Samuel Chadwick. He was a student of church history, with a particular interest in Christian revival. His evangelistic meetings during the Second World War drew large crowds. Many converts devoted themselves to Christian ministry and foreign missions.
In 1939, he married an Irish nurse, Martha (1912-2001). The Ravenhills had three sons.
In 1950, Ravenhill and his family moved from Great Britain to the United States. In the 1960s they travelled within the United States, holding tent revivals and evangelistic meetings.
In 1978, Ravenhill moved to Garden Valley, Texas, a short distance from Last Days Ministries Ranch. He regularly taught classes at LDM and was a mentor to the late Keith Green. He also spent some time teaching at Bethany College of Missions in Minnesota and some time in Seguin, Texas.
Among others influenced by Ravenhill were Keith Green, Charles Stanley, Paul Washer, and David Wilkerson.
He was a close friend of pastor and writer A.W. Tozer as well as singer Keith Green.
Through his teaching and books, Ravenhill addressed the disparities he perceived between the New Testament Church and the Church in his time and called for adherence to the principles of biblical revival.
Tozer said of Ravenhill:
 "To such men as this, the church owes a debt too heavy to pay. The curious thing is that she seldom tries to pay him while he lives. Rather, the next generation builds his sepulchre and writes his biography – as if instinctively and awkwardly to discharge an obligation the previous generation to a large extent ignored."
Ravenhill died at his home in Garden Valley on 27 November 1994. He was interred near the grave of Contemporary Christian music artist Keith Green.
In 2011 Free Grace Press published a full biography of Leonard Ravenhill written by Mack Tomlinson titled, "In Light of Eternity".

</doc>
<doc id="6985830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985830" title="Québec Provincial Police">
Québec Provincial Police



</doc>
<doc id="6985840" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985840" title="Lateral collateral ligament of ankle joint">
Lateral collateral ligament of ankle joint

The lateral collateral ligament of ankle joint (or external lateral ligament of the ankle-joint) are ligaments of the ankle which attach to the fibula.
Structure.
Its components are:
The anterior talofibular ligament attaches the anterior margin of the lateral malleolus to the adjacent region of the talus bone. The most common ligament involved in ankle sprain is the anterior talofibular ligament. 
The posterior talofibular ligament runs horizontally between the neck of the talus and the medial side of lateral malleolus
The calcaneofibular ligament is attached on the posteromedial side of lateral malleolus and descends posteroinferiorly below to a lateral side of the calcaneus.

</doc>
<doc id="6985844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985844" title="Wilhelima Slater">
Wilhelima Slater



</doc>
<doc id="6985859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985859" title="Bujin (Dragon Ball)">
Bujin (Dragon Ball)



</doc>
<doc id="6985867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985867" title="Aqua Augusta (Rome)">
Aqua Augusta (Rome)

The Aqua Augusta, which was also called the Aqua Alsietina, was an aqueduct supplying ancient Rome.The Emperor Augustus built the Aqua Augusta in order to supplement the Aqua Marcia, and then later the Aqua Claudia when required. 
The aqueduct, perhaps via a branch, also fed the town of Feronia as mentioned in inscriptions found there.

</doc>
<doc id="6985878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985878" title="Frying Pan">
Frying Pan



</doc>
<doc id="6985889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985889" title="Titus Aurelius Fulvus Boionius Arrius Antoninus Pius">
Titus Aurelius Fulvus Boionius Arrius Antoninus Pius



</doc>
<doc id="6985896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985896" title="South Carolina Supreme Court">
South Carolina Supreme Court

The Supreme Court of South Carolina is the highest court in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The court is composed of a chief justice and four associate justices.
Judicial selection.
South Carolina is one of two states where the state legislature elects state court judges, including the justices on the state supreme court. A ten-person committee (composed mostly of state legislators) called the Judicial Merit Selection Commission (JMSC) winnows down the number of candidates to fill a judicial vacancy to three based on candidate qualifications. The General Assembly must then choose from one of these three candidates to fill a judicial vacancy. However, candidates who gauge a lack of support amongst the General Assembly often drop out of the race, leaving the Assembly only one candidate to vote for.
The JMSC is composed of five members appointed by the House Speaker of the South Carolina House of Representatives, three members appointed by the Senate Judiciary Committee chairman, and two members appointed by the South Carolina Senate president. South Carolina statutory law requires that six of the ten JMSC members be state legislators.
Justices on the supreme court serve ten-year terms and there is no prohibition against justices serving multiple terms on the court. However, there is a mandatory retirement age of 72 for state trial judges and state appellate judges.
The judicial selection process has been criticized by commentators for its opacity. Following the supreme court's opinion striking down the state's fetal heartbeat bill in 2022 based on its violation of the state constitution's right to privacy, state legislators began to deliberate on reforms to the judicial selection process and Governor Henry McMaster called for reform in his 2023 State of the State address.
Jurisdiction.
The court enjoys both original and appellate jurisdiction. It enjoys exclusive appellate jurisdiction for all state cases regarding the death penalty, state utility rates, judgments involving public bonded indebtedness and elections, and orders limiting state grand juries and relating to abortions by minors. Original jurisdiction pertains to the issuance writs including mandamus, certiorari, and very extraordinary bills.
Additional charges of the court.
The South Carolina Supreme Court oversees the admission of individuals to practice law in the state. Much of the administration regarding admissions and practice is delegated to the South Carolina Bar, established by statute as an administrative arm of the court; however, the court retains ultimate authority in South Carolina governing the practice of law. It also supervises the disciplining of attorneys and suspension of those no longer able to practice due to mental or physical condition.
History.
The Supreme Court of South Carolina Building is located in the state capital of Columbia. The court moved into its current location, a former United States Post Office building, in 1971. It was built between 1917 and 1921, and is a two-story, Neo-Classical style building. The building has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1972. Prior to 1971, the court met in a section of the South Carolina State House in an area totaling approximately ; the justices did not have individual offices, but instead met in a common conference room when not presiding over a session of court.
Controversy arose in late 2007 after "The State" newspaper reported that the Supreme Court reversed the grades of 20 people who failed the South Carolina bar exam, including children of prominent attorneys, by voiding the results of the wills, trusts, and estates section of the exam.
From 1930 to 2016, the South Carolina Supreme Court had 17 Chief Justices.

</doc>
<doc id="6985901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985901" title="Non-linear curve fitting">
Non-linear curve fitting



</doc>
<doc id="6985903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985903" title="Leadville Trail 100 Mile">
Leadville Trail 100 Mile



</doc>
<doc id="6985911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985911" title="Ossification of axis">
Ossification of axis



</doc>
<doc id="6985913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985913" title="Beamsville">
Beamsville



</doc>
<doc id="6985915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985915" title="Violence against Israel in 2006">
Violence against Israel in 2006



</doc>
<doc id="6985916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985916" title="Quelbe">
Quelbe



</doc>
<doc id="6985918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985918" title="Violence against Israel in 2005">
Violence against Israel in 2005



</doc>
<doc id="6985919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985919" title="Violence against Israel in 2004">
Violence against Israel in 2004



</doc>
<doc id="6985927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985927" title="Tri-license">
Tri-license



</doc>
<doc id="6985933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985933" title="Yuktibhtu0101stu0101">
Yuktibhtu0101stu0101



</doc>
<doc id="6985934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985934" title="Yuktibhāsā">
Yuktibhāsā



</doc>
<doc id="6985951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985951" title="Hy-Vee Food Stores">
Hy-Vee Food Stores



</doc>
<doc id="6985953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985953" title="Articular surface">
Articular surface



</doc>
<doc id="6985961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985961" title="Sport Club Rio Grande">
Sport Club Rio Grande

Sport Club Rio Grande is a professional association football club based in Rio Grande, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. Founded in July 1900, they are Brazil's oldest active football club. 
They play in the Campeonato Gaúcho Série B and has played at state level since its founding. The club also won the Campeonato Gaúcho in 1936; its greatest achievement to date.
History.
Sport Club Rio Grande were founded on July 19, 1900, by the German Johannes Christian Moritz Minnemann and a group of friends, during the celebrations of his 25th anniversary. The colours chosen were a red, green and yellow tricolor, directly taken from the flag of Rio Grande do Sul.
The club did exhibition games all over the state of Rio Grande do Sul; in 1901 the club played a friendly match against the football club of the sailors from British ship "HMS Nymphe". In 1903 the club went to Porto Alegre to do an exhibition, the first football game in the city. This match directly inspired the founding of Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense, one of Brazil's largest clubs, in the same year. 
The club won its first achievement, which is the Campeonato Gaúcho, in 1936. In 1962 the club won the Campeonato Gaúcho Série A2, the second division and in 2014 the Campeonato Gaúcho Série B, the third division. Thus, Rio Grande is one of the few clubs in Rio Grande do Sul to have won all the three state divisions.
Brazil's National Football Day is celebrated on July 19 in honor of Sport Club Rio Grande's condition as Brazil's oldest football club.
In 2020, Rio Grande sued Ponte Preta for using the slogan "oldest team in Brazil". Both clubs were created in the same year in 1900 but Ponte Preta was founded in August while Rio Grande was founded a month earlier. While São Paulo's SPAC, Internacional, Germania and Mackenzie College, although created before the Rio Grande do Sul team, had already officially closed their football departments. In 2022 the case was decided in favor of Rio Grande and Ponte Preta had to remove any mentions that it was "the oldest team in Brazil" and pay R$2 million in compensation.
Stadium.
Rio Grande play their home games at Estádio Arthur Lawson. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people, and was inaugurated on August 31, 1985.
Derby.
The derby between SC São Paulo and Rio Grande is known as Rio-Rita.

</doc>
<doc id="6985967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985967" title="Vertebral notch">
Vertebral notch



</doc>
<doc id="6985970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985970" title="John FitzJames">
John FitzJames

Sir John Fitzjames (c. 1465/70 – c. 1542) was Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench from 1526 until 1539.
Sir John was a nephew of Richard Fitzjames, Bishop of London during the Hunne case. Sir John had also been Recorder of Bristol, Attorney-General and Chief Baron of the Exchequer.
According to William Roper's "Life of Sir Thomas More", when Lord Chancellor Thomas Audley was challenged by More as to the sufficiency of the indictment under which he was condemned at his trial for treason on July 1, 1535, the Chancellor (who, according to Roper, wished to avoid all the blame for More's condemnation being imputed to himself) consulted with Fitzjames, "who, like a wise man answered, 'My Lords all, by St. Julian,' (that was ever his oath) 'I must needs confess that if the act of parliament be not unlawful, then is the indictment in my conscience not insufficient,' whereupon the Lord Chancellor said to the rest of the Lords, 'Lo, my Lords, lo! you hear what my Lord Chief Justice saith,' and so immediately gave judgment against him."
Later in that same month, when the King's chief minister, Thomas Cromwell, wanted to halt the export of coin he decided to consult Fitzjames on whether a proclamation could be used for this. Cromwell asked him what the King could do if "there wer no law nor statute made alreadye for any suche purpose", to which Fitzjames replied that a proclamation was "of as good effecte as any law made by parlyament or otherwyse". Cromwell was "veray gladde to here" Fitzjames' answer.
When the Reformation Parliament was prorogued in 1536 Fitzjames was rewarded £40 by the King.
He married, after 1514, (as her second husband) Elizabeth, daughter of Sir Humphrey Coningsby, Knt., (c1450-1535) Judge of King's Bench, by his spouse Alice Ferriby. She died between November 1545 and May 1546.

</doc>
<doc id="6985971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985971" title="Ōkubo Tadataka">
Ōkubo Tadataka

 or was a Japanese warrior in the Sengoku and Edo periods. He was the eighth son of Ōkubo Tadakazu, a vassal of the Tokugawa clan. Tadataka wrote the , a work he wrote for his descendants, telling the way a warrior should live, mixed with a chronicle of the accomplishments of the Tokugawa and Ōkubo clans.
Biography.
Tadataka was born in Kamiwada, Mikawa Province, the son of Tokugawa retainer Ōkubo Tadakazu. His older brother was Ōkubo Tadayo. He joined Tadayo at age 17 for his first campaign, during the subjugation of Tōtōmi Province. Tadataka's first battle was the siege of Inui Castle. From then on, he fought in many battles, under Tadayo or his other brother, Ōkubo Tadasuke. Tadataka served with distinction at the Battle of Takatenjin Castle, taking the head of enemy general Okabe Motonobu. He also fought at the siege of Ueda Castle. After the Siege of Odawara, when Tokugawa Ieyasu moved to the Kantō Region, he granted Tadataka land assessed at 3,000 "koku", and appointed him "yari-bugyō" (magistrate of spears) in the Tokugawa main battle camp.
Tadataka also served at Sekigahara and the Siege of Osaka; his service stretched over the careers of the first three Tokugawa shōguns.
Tadataka died at age 80. His graves are in Okazaki, Kyoto, and at Ryūgyō-ji, a temple in Minato, Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="6985976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985976" title="Okubo Hikozaemon">
Okubo Hikozaemon



</doc>
<doc id="6985977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985977" title="John Fitz-James">
John Fitz-James



</doc>
<doc id="6985979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985979" title="Trancesetters">
Trancesetters

Trancesetters is a Dutch electronic music duo of Gaston Steenkist and Alex Dijksterhuis. They are best known for their singles "Roaches" and "Synergy", released on Hooj Choons, both of which reached the UK Singles Chart. Their work has featured on numerous remix albums by DJs such as Carl Cox, Sasha &amp; Digweed, and the Global Underground series.
Alex Dijksterhuis died on February 27, 2023.

</doc>
<doc id="6985985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985985" title="Ōkubo Hikozaemon">
Ōkubo Hikozaemon



</doc>
<doc id="6985987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985987" title="Violence against Israel 2000">
Violence against Israel 2000



</doc>
<doc id="6985991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985991" title="Violence against Israel 2001">
Violence against Israel 2001



</doc>
<doc id="6985994" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985994" title="Violence against Israel 2002">
Violence against Israel 2002



</doc>
<doc id="6985995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985995" title="Violence against Israel 2003">
Violence against Israel 2003



</doc>
<doc id="6985996" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985996" title="Violence against Israel 2004">
Violence against Israel 2004



</doc>
<doc id="6985998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6985998" title="Violence against Israel 2005">
Violence against Israel 2005



</doc>
<doc id="6986000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986000" title="Violence against Israel 2006">
Violence against Israel 2006



</doc>
<doc id="6986003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986003" title="Violence against Israelis in 2000">
Violence against Israelis in 2000



</doc>
<doc id="6986005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986005" title="Violence against Israelis in 2001">
Violence against Israelis in 2001



</doc>
<doc id="6986008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986008" title="Violence against Israelis in 2002">
Violence against Israelis in 2002



</doc>
<doc id="6986009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986009" title="Violence against Israelis in 2003">
Violence against Israelis in 2003



</doc>
<doc id="6986011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986011" title="Violence against Israelis in 2004">
Violence against Israelis in 2004



</doc>
<doc id="6986013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986013" title="Violence against Israelis in 2005">
Violence against Israelis in 2005



</doc>
<doc id="6986014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986014" title="Violence against Israelis in 2006">
Violence against Israelis in 2006



</doc>
<doc id="6986017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986017" title="Posterior spinal arteries">
Posterior spinal arteries



</doc>
<doc id="6986019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986019" title="Gapped insertion sort">
Gapped insertion sort



</doc>
<doc id="6986021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986021" title="Mick Parks">
Mick Parks



</doc>
<doc id="6986022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986022" title="Stinger (1986 video game)">
Stinger (1986 video game)

Stinger is a shoot-'em-up video game developed and published by Konami. It was originally released for the Family Computer Disk System (FDS) in Japan in 1986, and later for the Nintendo Entertainment System in North America in late 1987, making it one of the few games in the series to have a release outside of Japan. As with Konami's other FDS titles, "Castlevania" and "Bio Miracle Bokutte Upa", it was later re-released in 1993 as a standard Famicom game with some minor changes. "Stinger" was the second game in the "TwinBee" series, as well as the first of two "TwinBee" sequels released for the Famicom, followed by "" in 1989.
Gameplay.
"Stinger" can be played by up to three players simultaneously: the first two players control TwinBee and WinBee (the ships from the previous game) using the standard Famicom controllers, while the third player controls GwinBee (a green ship) by connecting an additional controller into the console's expansion port. Unlike the original "TwinBee", which only featured vertical-scrolling stages, "Stinger" adds side-scrolling stages to the mix as well. There are seven stages in the game. Stages 1, 3, and 7 are side-scrolling stages, while the rest are vertical-scrolling stages. The controls remain the same between the two styles of gameplay, with the only difference being that in the side-scrolling segments, the A button shoots hearts over the ship instead of dropping bombs into the ground like the vertical-scrolling segments, which helps the player keep the power-up bells afloat in the side-scrolling stages.
The player's primary power-up items are once again bells that uncovered by shooting floating clouds throughout the stages. There are six types of bells in this installment: the regular yellow bells give the player bonus points as usual, the blue bell increases the ship's speed; the white bell upgrades the player's gun into a twin cannon; the pink bell gives the player a laser beam cannon; the flashing pink/white bell gives the player's ship mirror options for added firepower; and the flashing blue/white bell will surround the player's ship with a barrier for extra protection from enemy fire. Some power-ups are mutually exclusive, such as the white and pink bells. Other power-ups can be obtained by destroying ground enemies such as a moon item and star item which gives the player's ship a three-way shot and a five-way shot respectively. If two players are playing the game, they can align their ship together to turn their gun into a ripple laser.

</doc>
<doc id="6986023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986023" title="Shack up">
Shack up



</doc>
<doc id="6986024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986024" title="Violence in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in 2000">
Violence in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in 2000



</doc>
<doc id="6986026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986026" title="Violence in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in 2001">
Violence in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in 2001



</doc>
<doc id="6986030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986030" title="Violence in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in 2002">
Violence in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in 2002



</doc>
<doc id="6986033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986033" title="Violence in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in 2003">
Violence in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in 2003



</doc>
<doc id="6986034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986034" title="Johnny Riddle">
Johnny Riddle

John Ludy Riddle (October 3, 1905 – December 15, 1998) was an American professional baseball player and coach. He appeared in 98 games in Major League Baseball as a reserve catcher for the Chicago White Sox (1930), Washington Senators (1937), Boston Bees (1937–38), Cincinnati Reds (1941 and 1944–45) and Pittsburgh Pirates (1948). At the age of 42 in 1948 (as a player-coach), he was the oldest player to appear in a National League game that season. He was the older brother of Elmer Riddle, a star pitcher in the early 1940s as a member of the Reds.
Johnny Riddle was born in Clinton, South Carolina. His playing career was unusual in that not only did he once go seven years between major league appearances, it also took a span of nineteen years to appear in seven major league seasons. In those seven seasons, he got into an average of 14 games per year. Riddle spent 19 years in minor league baseball, including a dozen seasons as a member of the Indianapolis Indians of the top-level American Association.
Riddle made his major league debut on April 17, 1930 (Opening Day) against the Cleveland Indians at Comiskey Park. His last game was September 11, 1948 against the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field. In his MLB career he was 51-for-214 (.238) with four doubles, a triple, 11 runs batted in, and 18 runs scored. On defense, he made only five errors and had a fielding percentage of .983.
Riddle spent all or parts of three seasons as a player-manager in minor league baseball (1942–44), and later worked for 10 years as a coach in the National League, for the Pirates (1948–50), St. Louis Cardinals (1952–55), Milwaukee Braves (1956–57), Cincinnati Redlegs (1958) and Philadelphia Phillies (1959). He won a World Series championship ring as the first base coach of the Braves in 1957.
Riddle died at the age of 93 in Indianapolis, where he ultimately made his home after his long tenure with the Indians.

</doc>
<doc id="6986036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986036" title="Violence in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in 2004">
Violence in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in 2004



</doc>
<doc id="6986037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986037" title="Violence in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in 2005">
Violence in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in 2005



</doc>
<doc id="6986038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986038" title="Violence in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in 2006">
Violence in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in 2006



</doc>
<doc id="6986041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986041" title="Silverbeet (album)">
Silverbeet (album)

Silverbeet is the fourth album by the New Zealand band the Bats, released in 1993.
The album was recorded from 15 November to 2 December 1992, at The Outpost in Stoughton, Massachusetts.
"Courage" was released as a CD single that included two additional non-album tracks and a reworked version of "Slow Alight". "Silverbeet" peaked at No. 26 on the New Zealand album charts.
Critical reception.
"The Washington Post" wrote that "the album's melodies overshadow the lyrics, conveying an impression that's blithe and hopeful." "The Hamilton Spectator" noted that "there are flashes of alternative favorites Inspiral Carpets and glimpses of Happy Mondays, but The Bats hold their own in terms of strong songwriting, even though their lyrics seem internal and uncertain."
Track listing.
Paul Kean has stated that the song "Slow Alight" on the album is actually named "Alight From The Rear".
Personnel.
Also credited:

</doc>
<doc id="6986049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986049" title="Getting hitched">
Getting hitched



</doc>
<doc id="6986053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986053" title="U.S. Army, Vietnam">
U.S. Army, Vietnam



</doc>
<doc id="6986054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986054" title="David Howell (rugby league)">
David Howell (rugby league)

David Howell (born ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for in the Super League. He primarily plays as a , and can also operate as a er. Howell previously played for the St George Illawarra Dragons and the Canberra Raiders in the National Rugby League.
NRL career.
Howell made his first grade début for the St George Illawarra Dragons in 2003, where he made 12 NRL appearances before joining the Canberra Raiders in 2005.
He was released from the final year of his contract with the Canberra Raiders to join the London-based Harlequins. The Raiders told Howell he would not have a spot in the team after 2008 when his contract terminated.
Howell scored 15 tries in 48 games for Canberra during the last three seasons.
Super League career.
Originally linked with Wigan, Howell signed a two-year deal at The Stoop.
He was the sixth addition to the Londoners squad for 2008's Super League XIII. Howell played in the centres and replaced Great Britain international Paul Sykes.
Howell's solid form in the Super League has sparked rumours of a return to the National Rugby League (NRL). Whether or not Howell decides to leave The Stoop is yet to be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="6986055" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986055" title="Publius Aelius Traianus Hadrianus">
Publius Aelius Traianus Hadrianus



</doc>
<doc id="6986057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986057" title="Pangea Recordings">
Pangea Recordings

Pangea Recordings is an electronic music record label that has featured releases from artists such as Joshua Collins, Chris Lake, Andy Moor, Mick Wilson, Nine Below Zero, and Subsky. They currently have two sublabels, 1 Shot Recordings and Pangea UK.

</doc>
<doc id="6986058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986058" title="Mick Wilson">
Mick Wilson

Mick Wilson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6986059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986059" title="Pangea Records">
Pangea Records



</doc>
<doc id="6986061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986061" title="Gym floor cover">
Gym floor cover



</doc>
<doc id="6986062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986062" title="The world's best tennis player">
The world's best tennis player



</doc>
<doc id="6986065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986065" title="Couchmaster">
Couchmaster

Couchmaster is the fifth album by New Zealand band The Bats, released in 1995. It was their last studio album release for ten years.
"Afternoon in Bed" was released as a CD single that included three additional non-album tracks.
Personnel.
Also credited:

</doc>
<doc id="6986066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986066" title="Tyrone Crystal">
Tyrone Crystal

Tyrone Crystal was a crystal manufacturing company in Dungannon, County Tyrone in Northern Ireland.
History.
Glass-making and -decoration in County Tyrone can be dated back to the early medieval period, where Dunmisk outside Carrickmore was a centre for manufacture and provides the first evidence of glass work in Europe Modern glass work dates to 1771, when Benjamin Edwards founded a company in County Tyrone, Ireland. Tyrone Crystal was set up two hundred years later in 1971, by Father Austin Eustace to create employment in the Dungannon area of County Tyrone. There was not a lot of employment in the area at the time, and nobody in the area knew anything about making crystal. An advertisement was placed in a national newspaper, seeking someone who could train people in the area. Two Austrians, a master blower and a master cutter, were hiking across England and read the advertisement; they came over to train the employees. Trainees began practising on glass jars and bottles until they became skilled enough to make crystal on their own, and they set up a glass-blowing shop in Dungannon.
In 1988 the company was awarded an ISO 9000 for quality; the youngest glasshouse in Ireland or the U.K. to gain the recognised standard. A new factory, built in 1990, is also a tourist attraction. Tyrone Crystal acquired Tipperary Crystal in 2000 as part of an investment plan that spent £500,000 on a new visitors' centre that opened in 2001. The company was acquired by businessmen Peter Maginnis and Nigel Blackburn in 2006.
From 2005, Tyrone Crystal manufactured the trophy for the Canadian Grand Prix.
Designer Marcus Notley was commissioned by Tyrone to design the chandelier for the Great Room in the Merchant Hotel in Belfast. It is made out of embellished gold on metal and 2600 blown out crystal pieces. With 4.5m in height, 2.9m in diameter and a weight of 400 kg, it is the largest chandelier in Ireland. The chandelier was installed in 2006.
The Dungannon factory closed on 12 March 2010, with the loss of 31 jobs.

</doc>
<doc id="6986067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986067" title="Creighton W. Abrams Jr.">
Creighton W. Abrams Jr.



</doc>
<doc id="6986068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986068" title="AZO">
AZO



</doc>
<doc id="6986072" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986072" title="World's best tennis player">
World's best tennis player



</doc>
<doc id="6986073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986073" title="Mazamas">
Mazamas

The Mazamas () is a mountaineering organization based in Portland, Oregon, United States, founded in 1894.
Promotion of mountaineering.
The Mazamas has been an important part of the climbing community in the Pacific Northwest of the United States since its founding. The Mazamas was the second mountaineering organization in the Pacific Northwest, following the Oregon Alpine Club. The Mountaineers of Seattle, Washington, which began in 1906 as an auxiliary of the Mazamas, is similar in its aims and activities to the Mazamas.
The Mazamas offers more than 900 hikes and 350 climbs annually for more than 13,000 participants. A variety of classes and activities are offered for every skill and fitness level and are open to both members and nonmembers. The group also promotes mountaineering through education, climbing, hiking, fellowship, safety, and the protection of mountain environments.
Founding.
On July 19, 1894, more than 350 people assembled near the hamlet of Government Camp at the base of Mount Hood. Despite the nasty weather, 155 men and 38 women reached the summit, where they elected William G. Steel as the society's first president. With 105 charter members, the Mazamas became the fifth active mountaineering club in the United States at that time. The founders set four goals for the organization:
Prominent founding members included J. Francis Drake, Martin W. Gorman, Francis C. Little, Charles H. Sholes, Henry Pittock, Rodney Glisan, Fay Fuller, Oliver C. Yocum, and Lander L. Hawkins. Early honorary members included the naturalist and conservationist John Muir, photographer Edward Curtis, financier Edward Harriman, and President Theodore Roosevelt.
Conservation.
In 1895, Steel and the Mazamas lobbied to prevent development in the Cascade Range Forest Reserve. A few years later, in 1902, they rallied to limit the destructive effects of sheep grazing in the Northwest. In 1928, the Mazamas entered a prolonged battle against the proposed Mount Hood Tramway, and four years later they were instrumental in forming the Federation of Western Outdoor Clubs. The Mazamas advocated against the development of a tramway on Mount Rainier and development in Olympic National Park and for the creation of Forest Park in Portland, and the Wilderness Act of 1964.
Scientific research.
The public's interest in scientific exploration drove early mountaineering. It was almost unheard of for mountaineers to undertake a climb without a barometer, mapping instruments, or other scientific equipment. The Mazamas were no different, embracing scientific research from the get-go. Mazama members documented the flora, fauna, geology, and glaciology of the majority of Northwest peaks. In the 1930s, the Mazama began surveying glaciers and documenting how they changed from year to year. 
Role of women.
William Steel remarked, “No climb is complete without them” when asked about women and mountaineering. From the very beginning, the Mazamas have welcomed women as full members. At the time, this was uncommon. The Mazamas and Oregon were ahead of the times. Oregon adopted women's suffrage in 1912, followed nationally by the 19th amendment in 1920. A few dates:
From the 1890s on, women hiked and climbed in the Pacific Northwest. While they were bound by the constraints of fashion on Main street, they found ingenious ways of getting around those rules on the mountain.
Name.
The name Mazamas means mountain goat, from Nahuatl "mazatl", deer. Mount Mazama, the collapsed volcano that formed Crater Lake, is located in Oregon and was named after the organization on August 21, 1896, while on their annual outing. They also named the Mazama Glacier on Mount Adams and the Mazama Glacier on Mount Baker after themselves in 1895 and 1907 respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="6986074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986074" title="Mirror, Mirror (novel)">
Mirror, Mirror (novel)

Mirror, Mirror is a fantasy novel by American writer Gregory Maguire, published in 2003. The novel is a revisionist version of the tale of Snow White set in rural Italy and featuring the historical Borgia family, with Lucrezia Borgia in the role of the Evil Queen.
Plot summary.
In Montefiore, Italy, in the early 16th century, a nobleman named Don Vicente de Nevada lives on a small estate with his seven-year-old daughter, Bianca, and a small staff, two of whom are Primavera, an earthy cook and a friar Fra Ludovico. The eponymous mirror was fashioned by dwarves and left in the pond to temper, where, at the beginning of the novel, it is found by de Nevada.
Life is good for the family until the day the duchess Lucrezia Borgia and her brother, Cesare, decadent children of a pope, come to visit. Cesare sends Vicente on a quest for a holy relic. While he is gone, Bianca becomes a young woman and Lucrezia becomes jealous of the girl's beauty and stealing Cesare's attention from Lucrezia. Eventually she hires a hunter to kill Bianca, who instead helps her escape from Lucrezia. The girl escapes, and runs into seven dwarves, who are looking for the eighth dwarf and their mirror. The eighth dwarf is accompanying and protecting de Nevada on his travels.
When the mirror reveals to the duchess that her plan has failed, she takes it into her own hands to kill Bianca. When she eventually succeeds, Bianca is placed in a coffin, with the now-liberated mirror allowing passers-by to view her beauty. Eventually, she is awakened subsequent to a kiss from the very hunter who helped her escape. The device by which the kiss cures her of mercury poisoning is left unexplained by the author.
Reception.
Reviews for "Mirror, Mirror" were mixed. While "Kirkus Reviews" called it "Every bit as good as "Wicked,"" "The AV Club" said, "Too many of the well-drawn principals turn out to be window dressing, too many of the plotlines dribble out into emptiness, and too many of his elaborations amount to misdirection."

</doc>
<doc id="6986075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986075" title="The best tennis player in the world">
The best tennis player in the world



</doc>
<doc id="6986079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986079" title="Bonin white-eye">
Bonin white-eye

The Bonin white-eye (Apalopteron familiare) is a small species of songbird endemic to the Bonin Islands (Ogasawara Islands) of Japan. It is the only species in the monotypic genus Apalopteron. The taxonomic affinities of the Bonin white-eye were a long-standing mystery and it was formerly placed with the bulbuls, babblers and more recently with the honeyeaters, during which it was known as the Bonin honeyeater. Since 1995 it is known to be a white-eye in the family Zosteropidae, that is closely related to the golden white-eye of the Marianas Islands.
The Bonin white-eye has predominately yellow and green plumage and a conspicuous black triangular patch around the eye – the eye is also surrounded by a broken white ring. It was once found on all the major islands of the Bonin Islands but is now restricted to the islands of Hahajima. On that island group it is found in almost all the habitat types, native and human-modified, although it mostly breeds in native forest. Fruit is an important part of the diet, especially mulberries, as well as insects, but flowers, seeds, spiders and reptiles are taken as well. It feeds both in trees and on the ground, as it is more terrestrial than other white-eyes. Pairs of Bonin white-eyes form long-term pair bonds and remain together throughout the year. They nest in a cup-shaped nest into which usually two eggs are laid. Both parents are responsible for incubation and raising the chicks.
The arrival of humans in the Bonin Islands resulted in the extinction of many of the native birds of the islands. The Bonin white-eye was affected by the changes that caused those extinctions, and has lost one subspecies and is no longer found on many groups of the Bonin Islands. The species is an important part of the ecology of the Bonin Islands, an important for the native plants. It has proven to be somewhat resilient to competition from introduced warbling white-eyes, predation by introduced rats and cats, and habitat loss. The Bonin white-eye is evaluated as being "near threatened" by the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
Taxonomy.
The Bonin white-eye was described by Heinrich von Kittlitz in 1830 based on specimens collected on Chichijima in the Bonin Islands. Kittlitz placed the species in the bulbul (family Pycnonotidae) genus "Ixos". He gave the species the specific name from the Latin for familiar or friendly, as the species was the first bird that visitors would encounter, much like the house sparrow in Europe. In 1854 Charles Lucien Bonaparte moved it to its own genus, "Apalopteron". The name is derived from the Ancient Greek for delicate and for feather. Bonaparte also placed it with the Old World babblers, then a subgrouping (Timaliini) of an enlarged Old World warbler family (Sylviidae). Richard Bowdler Sharpe moved it back to the bulbul family in 1882, and placed it in the genus "Pycnonotus". It was moved back to the babblers again by Jean Théodore Delacour in 1946, before Herbert Girton Deignan placed it with the Australasian honeyeaters (family Meliphagidae) in 1958, on the basis of tongue structure, bill shape, nest structure and a number of other morphological features.
The species remained with the honeyeaters for many decades, although some authors questioned the placement, especially as it was the only honeyeater in the North Pacific and there were no members of that family in the Philippines, the island group between that family's natural range and the Bonin Islands. Finn Salomonsen, writing in 1967, thought that the golden white-eye ("Cleptornis marchei") of the Marianas Islands might be a close relative, and the species was then known as the golden honeyeater. Hiroyuki Morioka and Takaharu Sakane also attributed the species to the honeyeaters, but cautioned that this was a provisional placement as the structure of the tongue was not very different from that of babblers. They also noted that it was very similar in diet and habitat preferences to the warbling white-eye, which had been introduced and was coexisting with the Bonin white-eye.
The discovery that the golden white-eye was indeed a white-eye and not a honeyeater, based on behavioural observations by H. Douglas Pratt and the genetic research of Charles Sibley and Jon E. Ahlquist, was the impetus for the resolution of the Bonin white-eye's family placement. Sibley came to suspect that this meant that the Bonin white-eye had been similarly misassigned to the honeyeaters. Hiroyoshi Higuchi independently had reached the same conclusion, and so Higuchi and Keisuke Ueda obtained specimens for Sibley, who enlisted Mark S. Springer to analyse them using RNA sequencing. In 1995 they were able to show that it was indeed a white-eye (family Zosteropidae), and closely related to the golden white-eye and the white-eyes of the genus "Rukia" of Micronesia. The molecular evidence was supported by behavioural similarities to the white-eyes, such as the highly social allopreening and maintaining close contact when roosting.
There are two subspecies of Bonin white-eye, the extinct nominate, formerly found in Mukojima and Chichijima, and the southern subspecies, "A. f. hahasima", of Hahajima.
Description.
The Bonin white-eye is long and weighs around . The nominate race has a yellow head with a conspicuous triangular black eye-patch which is linked by the thin black line to a black forehead. The white eye-ring is broken by a thin black line through the eye. The are yellow, as are the throat and upper breast. The back and wings are olive-green tinged with grey, and the are tinged with brown. The tail is olive-brown, and the underparts are pale yellow, with a grey wash on the . The iris of the eye is brown, and the bill and legs are dark grey. The sexes are alike, and juveniles look very similar to the adults. The race " hahasima" is very similar to the nominate race, but the upperparts are tinged in yellowish-green tinge. It also has a slightly larger bill and .
Flight in this species is generally slow and direct, with fast sustained flight only being observed in chases between rivals. Aside from the chases, gliding and hopping were more common than flight, and individuals would usually climb trees by climbing branches and hopping; direct flights from the ground to the canopy are rare. The tarsus is long and the toes and claws are strong, especially compared to white-eyes in the genus "Zosterops", reflecting its more terrestrial lifestyle. On the ground it hops rather than walks, in the manner of a thrush.
Distribution and habitat.
The Bonin white-eye is, at its name suggests, endemic to the Bonin Islands, south of Japan. The species was once found on all the major groups of islands in the chain, including the Mukojima Group, the Chichijima Group and the Hahajima. Presently its habitat is restricted to Hahajima Island and two nearby islands, having become extinct across the rest of its previous range. The species' presence on Chichijima Island has been the subject of debate and dispute. The species has been introduced to Chichijima from Hahajima, so it was assumed that all records related to that introduction, but its natural presence on the island, and subsequent extinction, was subsequently established from early accounts, and a bird from that island was the type specimen for the species. All records of the species in the Chichijima Group are from the main Chichijima Island.
On Hahajima, the only island on which its habitat preferences have been studied, the species occupies almost every habitat type. It occupies undisturbed native evergreen and broadleaf forest, dominated by "Schima" and "Ardisia", as well as secondary and disturbed forest and other human modified habitats. The species occupies a wide range of modified habitats during the non-breeding season, but is more localised when breeding, when it is predominantly found in undisturbed native forest with large trees and bamboo, tree ferns and large shrubs. It is much rarer on the windy ridges of the mountains, where the vegetation is short and shrubby. Local fishermen on Hahajima have reported that the species disperses to the smaller islands of the group during the autumn and winter, but these localised movements have not been confirmed.
Behaviour.
Vocalisations.
The Bonin white-eye was long thought to be an infrequent songster. Early accounts reported no singing from captive birds, and a report published in 1985 noted that while it did sing, it did so very irregularly. The same report concluded that the species did not use its call for territorial defence. Subsequent research found that the species does indeed sing regularly, but does so very early in the morning, just before dawn, and then only rarely during the rest of the day. The function of the song is considered more likely related to territorial defence. Around 90% of paired and territory-holding males sing, along with some unpaired males, making the morning song a convenient tool to survey the species. The song itself is melodious and has been compared to that of a bunting or a Siberian blue robin, and is a "chew-i, chit-chit-pee, chot-chot-pee, ch-ee" or "tu-ti-ti, ti-titu-tuoo".
The species makes a variety of other calls as well. It frequently makes a "fe-ee" contact call, as well as "ch-ee" or "chit" alarm calls, and a scolding "kyok" call, made when observers came too close to the nest. The male also makes a "ze-ze-ze" call during courtship feeding.
Diet and feeding.
The Bonin white-eye has a diet that includes a range of fruit, flowers and insects. The species feeds in a wide range of niches, both arboreal and terrestrial, and has evolved to do so. Hiroyuki suggested that its morphology and feeding habits evolved in the lack of competition, as the Bonin Islands are species poor in terms of birds. Feeding niches vary somewhat by season, as it feeds less frequently on the ground in the breeding season.
Fruit, seeds, flowers and nectar forms around half the diet based on direct observation, with the species observed feeding on 15 species of plant. Endemic mulberries ("Morus boninensis") are a favoured food, but a range of fruits and flowers are fed on, both species native to the island and introduced. Among the natives fed on other than mulberries are "Rhaphiolepis", "Leucaena", and "Solanum nigrum". Introduced plants fed on include bananas, papaya, "Lantana", "Cucurbita moschata" (or squash) and "Calophyllum inophyllum". The Bonin white-eye does take some nectar but the extent to which it is an important food is unknown; observations on Hahajima showed it fed from flowers far less frequently than the warbling white-eye.
In addition to plant food, insect and other invertebrate prey is taken as well. Insects found in the stomachs of Bonin white-eyes include beetles, lacewings, true bugs, and ants. They have also been observed taking caterpillars, crickets, and flies. Non-insect prey includes spiders and even small reptiles.
Breeding.
The breeding behaviour of the Bonin white-eye has not been extensively studied. The main breeding season is between March and June with a peak in May. It is thought that the species forms long term pair bonds with partners remaining close throughout the year, as roosting birds typically do so in pairs. They typically place the nest in a fork in a tree (typically "Shima", but other trees may be used including introduced species) between off the ground, with the average height being , but in one case a nest has been found in a cavity inside a tree. Both parents are responsible for building the nest, which is a deep and crudely shaped cup. The nest is mostly made from "Pandanus" fibres, with vines, grasses, pine needles and rootlets woven in, and the outside is lined with dead leaves. Slightly finer material is used to line the inside of the nest.
The eggs of the Bonin white-eye measure 19.5–20.5 mm × 15–15.8 mm (0.77–0.81 in × 0.59–0.62 in) and are greenish-blue spotted and blotched with brown. The usual clutch size is around two eggs, which is a small clutch for a Japanese bird. Both parents incubate the eggs for just under two weeks and feed the chicks for a month after fledging.
Ecology.
The introduction of warbling white-eyes led to some concerns that it would compete with the Bonin white-eye in a harmful way. Studies of the interactions of the two species has shown that this has not been the case, possibly because of differences in morphology. The Bonin white-eye does show some changes in feeding niches in the presence of the warbling white-eye, feeding lower down in the canopy when the warbling white-eye is present, but its population, food selection, or the size of its chicks have not been affected. Juvenile Bonin white-eyes join warbling white-eyes and brown-eared bulbuls in mixed species feeding flocks in the non-breeding season. Brown-eared bulbuls may sometimes take Bonin white-eye eggs.
Warbling white-eyes may have had some effect on the behaviour of Bonin white-eyes, having potentially taught the Bonin white-eye about new foods in the human-altered Bonin Islands. This ability to learn about new foods from the warbling white-eye was shown by establishing food stations on the island baited with a novel food item, tinned peaches. When first presented with the new food item, it was avoided by the Bonin white-eyes. Where Bonin white-eyes could watch warbling white-eyes feeding on the peaches they began to feed on them as well, but where warbling white-eyes were not around and could not be watched they did not do so.
The Bonin white-eye is an important in the Bonin Islands, helping to maintain healthy forests. The islands have few species of birds, particularly after the loss of several endemic species to extinction since the arrival of humans, such as the Bonin wood pigeon and Bonin thrush. In a study of native and introduced birds on the islands, it was one of the three most important seed dispersers, along with the brown-eared bulbul and warbling white-eye.
Status and conservation.
The Bonin white-eye is evaluated as being "near threatened" by the IUCN Red List. The nominate race, of Mukojima and Chichijima is thought to be extinct. Its current status on Chichijima is uncertain, and it was reintroduced there and may have persisted, although a 2003 study of the species found none there. The reasons for its extinction on these two islands are unknown. It is thought that habitat loss, specifically the clearance of primary forest, may be a cause.
The species' status on Hahajima seems more secure. It was considered vulnerable, as population estimates put the number of birds on the island at around 4,000. More accurate censusing, which took into account both densities of birds and how they varied by habitat, re-estimated the population at over 15,000. The same study evaluated that the species was not in immediate threat of extinction. On the basis of the study it was downlisted to near threatened in 2013. The species is preyed upon by introduced cats; it is particularly vulnerable due to its tendency to feed on the ground, and its nests are raided by introduced rats. It is also somewhat threatened by the loss of native forest, for agriculture and tourism. Overall however the species is resilient to some degree to habitat modification, introduced predators and competitors, and its population is thought to be stable. It remains listed as near threatened, in spite of the stable population, due to a susceptibility to extreme weather events which could decimate the species.
The Bonin white-eye is protected under Japanese law as a National Endangered Species. The Bonin Islands have been designated a National Wildlife Protection Area, in part to help protect this species. Efforts are underway to remove cats and rats from the islands, as well as remove invasive trees and restore native trees. Conservationists have suggested that regular monitoring of the species be started and the feasibility of translocating birds to islands they have been lost from to create more populations and lessen the risk of a single incident wiping the species out.

</doc>
<doc id="6986081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986081" title="Creighton Williams Abrams Jr.">
Creighton Williams Abrams Jr.



</doc>
<doc id="6986086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986086" title="Dailan Evans">
Dailan Evans

Dailan Evans is an Australian health professional with a background in the performing arts. He is the founder of the Melbourne Cough Clinic and practices as a speech pathologist specialising in laryngeal and upper airway disorders, working alongside several Ear, Nose and Throat Surgeons and Respiratory Physicians across Melbourne. Dailan holds a Master's degree in Speech Pathology from La Trobe University, as well as a bachelor's degree in Linguistics from the University of Melbourne. He is a certified practising member of Speech Pathology Australia and a member of both the Australian Voice Association and The Laryngology Society of Australasia. 
Early life and career.
While studying at the University of Melbourne, Evans became involved with its theatre, and here met his long-term writing partner Craig Eagle. An interim period when he worked as an art director followed, but the two would go on to create and co-produce their own television series, "Eagle &amp; Evans", which was broadcast in 2004 on the ABC. Evans has since appeared in many television, film and stage productions with writing and performing credits. He is best known for his character acting in shows such as the ABC sitcom, "Lowdown", as well as Network Ten's "The Wedge", and "Mark Loves Sharon". He has also made an appearance in the second season of "Thank God You're Here".
Evans has lent his distinctive voice to various artistic and commercial ventures as a proficient voice actor. He has toured on several occasions with Orchestra Victoria, narrating Prokofiev's "Peter and the Wolf", and the Brothers Grimm's "The Brave Little Tailor".

</doc>
<doc id="6986087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986087" title="Best tennis player in the world">
Best tennis player in the world



</doc>
<doc id="6986089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986089" title="Nelson robbery">
Nelson robbery

The Nelson robbery was one of the major crimes of the Victorian gold rush. It involved the robbery at gunpoint of 8,183 ounces of gold valued at about £30,000 by a party of thieves from the barque "Nelson" as she lay at anchor in Hobsons Bay off Melbourne on the night of 1–2 April 1852.
"Nelson".
"Nelson" was a barque of 603 29/100th tons New Measurement, 128.2 x 26.9 x 19.4 feet, built at Dumbarton, Scotland by Denny &amp; Rankine in 1844. Her original owners were Lewis, Alexander, John and James Potter, Peter Denny and Daniel Rankine. She spent many years in the trade between London and Melbourne. Years after the robbery, "Nelson" hit rocks and sank near the Seven Stones at the entrance to the English Channel on 7 October 1870 while on a voyage from Aguilas to the Tyne, drowning the master, Captain Henderson and two of her crew. The ship’s figurehead was recovered and on 25 February 2004 was sold at auction at Knightsbridge for £3760.
The robbery.
On 18 October 1851, the "Nelson" arrived at Melbourne under the command of Captain Walter Wright. Having left London within days of the discovery of gold in Victoria, her master was unaware of the situation in port and over the days after arrival most of the crew jumped ship. The "Nelson" was, nevertheless, towed to Geelong, loaded a cargo of wool and gold consigned by local merchants, and returned to Melbourne to find more crew.
Captain Wright was staying in town, leaving the "Nelson" in charge of the First and Second Mates and three other crew, when a party of robbers estimated to number between ten and over twenty boarded the ship from two stolen boats, bailed up all on board, and forced their way into the lazarette containing the gold. One shot was fired during the outrage, slightly injuring the First Mate Henry Draper. The robbers then reboarded their boats and slipped off into the darkness. It was later discovered that they had landed on St Kilda beach and divided the gold amongst themselves before dispersing.
The trials.
Over several weeks several men, mostly former convicts from Van Diemens Land, were arrested and charged with the robbery, of which nine were eventually tried. A series of trials, mostly before Chief Justice Sir William à Beckett in Melbourne and Justice Redmond Barry in Geelong, ultimately sentenced five of them to lengthy sentences to hard labour in chains on the roads of Victoria: John James, James Duncan, James Morgan, Stephen Fox and John Roberts (who was later released after proving an alibi but soon convicted of another crime).
Several who were acquitted of the crime were later convicted of other crimes including the St Kilda Road robberies. Police recovered some £2263 in gold, cash, banknotes and other property from those arrested, most of which was eventually redistributed amongst the original owners. It was believed that much of the balance that the police had not recovered was fenced with a St. Kilda publican John Milton Dascombe (1824–1868), who was never charged with being involved in the affair.

</doc>
<doc id="6986090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986090" title="Creighton W. Abrams, Jr.">
Creighton W. Abrams, Jr.



</doc>
<doc id="6986092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986092" title="Pick up the Pieces">
Pick up the Pieces



</doc>
<doc id="6986096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986096" title="The no. 1 tennis player">
The no. 1 tennis player



</doc>
<doc id="6986099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986099" title="Audubon National Wildlife Refuge Complex">
Audubon National Wildlife Refuge Complex

The Audubon National Wildlife Refuge Complex is located in the U.S. state of North Dakota and consists of numerous National Wildlife Refuges, all of which are managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service but most of which are on private property, and are known as Easement refuges. Landowners generally agree to abide by regulations imposed by the U.S. Government. The refuges are located in the central sections of North Dakota. The complex is managed from the Audubon National Wildlife Refuge and includes the following National Wildlife Refuges:

</doc>
<doc id="6986101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986101" title="No. 1 tennis player">
No. 1 tennis player



</doc>
<doc id="6986102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986102" title="Somebody Ate My Planet">
Somebody Ate My Planet

Somebody Ate My Planet is an album released on August 12, 1992 by the New Zealand band Able Tasmans.
The album's concept is environmentalism. It incorporates folk rock, guitar pop, and 60s sounds.

</doc>
<doc id="6986110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986110" title="Justin (Ugly Betty character)">
Justin (Ugly Betty character)



</doc>
<doc id="6986112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986112" title="Bergen-Passaic Scholastic League">
Bergen-Passaic Scholastic League

The Bergen-Passaic Scholastic League, abbreviated BPSL, was an athletic conference comprising thirteen private and public high schools located in Bergen County and Passaic County, New Jersey, United States. The conference ceased to exist following the 2009–10 school year and joined most of the schools from the Bergen County Scholastic League to form the North Jersey Interscholastic Conference. The only school that did not join was Paterson Catholic High School, as the school closed following the 2009–10 year.
League sports.
The Bergen-Passaic Scholastic League allowed member schools to compete in many sports spread out among three seasons. Although the league did not have a cheerleading division, many member schools had their own cheerleading teams. Other sports, such as fencing, are offered by some schools, but like cheerleading, were not part of the BPSL.
The following is a list of the sports that BPSL offered. Some sports did not have a team from every school. 

</doc>
<doc id="6986126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986126" title="K10D">
K10D



</doc>
<doc id="6986127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986127" title="Hilda (Ugly Betty character)">
Hilda (Ugly Betty character)



</doc>
<doc id="6986129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986129" title="FHLBB">
FHLBB



</doc>
<doc id="6986138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986138" title="Hey Spinner!">
Hey Spinner!

Hey Spinner! is an album by New Zealand band Able Tasmans. It was released in 1990.
Reception.
"Trouser Press" called the album "one of the finest records ever to emerge from New Zealand." Marc Horton, in "Perfect Sound Forever", wrote that it "combines chamber pop with Fairport-style pastoral underpinnings and just enough of the Dunedin jangle to get them through customs without any trouble."

</doc>
<doc id="6986139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986139" title="U.S. Army, Europe">
U.S. Army, Europe



</doc>
<doc id="6986147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986147" title="Missionaries of the Holy Spirit">
Missionaries of the Holy Spirit

The Missionaries of the Holy Spirit (MSpS) are a Catholic religious institute founded in Mexico City in 1914 by French missionary Félix de Jesús Rougier. Father Rougier was a priest and a member of another religious order, the Society of Mary. He would receive dispensation of his vows and permission to join the new congregation 12 years later.
The institute is divided into three provinces: Province of Mexico, Félix de Jesús Province, and Christ the Priest Province. The community has 376 members in seven countries: Mexico, United States, Italy, Costa Rica, Spain, Chile and Colombia. Its members are distributed among 57 communities, 40 of which are in Mexico. Currently, there are five bishops, 256 priests, one permanent deacon and 15 professed religious brothers in the congregation. Additionally, there are 99 members in various stages of formation toward the priesthood. Three of the most prominent members are the Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Antonio, Texas, Gustavo Garcia-Siller, M.Sp.S.; Eusebio L. Elizondo Almaguer, M.Sp.S., Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Seattle, Washington; Bishop Emeritus of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, Ricardo Watty Urquidi, M.Sp.S., who was one of Archbishop Gustavo Garcia-Siller's principal co-consecrators when the Archbishop was ordained to the episcopacy in 2003 as an Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago, under Cardinal Francis Eugene George, O.M.I.

</doc>
<doc id="6986148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986148" title="Esme Melville">
Esme Melville

Esme Melville (born Esme Grace Mount-Melville, 23 July 1918 – 14 September 2006) was an Australian theatre, television and film actress. At the Tropfest awards for 2003 she won Best Actor – Female for her role of Granma in the short film, "Forbidden". At the 2007 Australian Film Institute Awards she was nominated for Best Supporting Actress for her role of Miss Collard in "Romulus, My Father". 
Her theatre roles included Mrs. Bedwin in "Oliver!" (1961–62, 1966–67). Melville had four separate ongoing roles on television soap opera, "Neighbours", including as Rose Belker during 2006.
Biography.
Esme Melville was born as Esme Grace Mount-Melville on 23 July 1918 and grew up in Norwood. Her mother was Margaret Mount-Melville. Melville started as a theatre actress in Adelaide in 1939 – just before the outbreak of World War II. 
On 11 May 1944 Melville enrolled into the Women's Royal Australian Naval Service as a transport driver and was honourably discharged on 13 September 1946 from Victoria Barracks in Melbourne. She remained in that city and from 1956 worked at St Martins Theatre for eight years.
Television roles.
Her television credits of the 1970s included various guest roles in the Crawford Productions police dramas "Homicide", "Division 4", "Matlock Police" and "Bluey". Other appearances included guest roles in Crawford's adventure series "Ryan" (1973), and in the miniseries "Power Without Glory" (1976). 
Later television appearances include "Cop Shop" (1978), "Sons and Daughters" (1982), "Special Squad" (1984), "The Flying Doctors" (1986), "Sugar and Spice" (1988), "Phoenix" (1992), "Round the Twist" (1993), "Wedlocked" (1994), "The Damnation of Harvey McHugh" (1994), "The Man from Snowy River" (1994), "Mercury" (1996), "Driven Crazy" (1998), "Eugenie Sandler P.I." (2000), "SeaChange" (2000), "Stingers" (2000), "The Secret Life of Us" (2001), miniseries "Bootleg" (2002), miniseries "After the Deluge" (2003), "Real Stories" (2006). 
She also made frequent appearances in televisions series "Prisoner", "Blue Heelers", and "Neighbours". For the latter series she portrayed four different characters starting in 1986 with Mrs. York and most recently, in 2006, as the hard-of-hearing, Rose Belker. 
Theatre roles.
Her theatre roles include Serita in "Waiting in the Wings", Mrs Grey in "The Secretary Bird" (1969) and Mrs. Bedwin in "Oliver" (1961–62, 1966–67).
She worked in theatre until 2005, a year before her death
Film roles.
Melville also acted in several feature films including "Alvin Purple Rides Again" (1974), "Dimboola" (1979), "I Can Jump Puddles" (1981) (TV), "Squizzy Taylor" (1982), "Annie's Coming Out" (1984), "Niel Lynne" (1985), "The Four Minute Mile" (1988) (TV), "Mull" (1989), "Spotswood" (1992), "Say a Little Prayer" (1993), "The Heartbreak Kid" (1993), "Dead End" (1999), "Siam Sunset" (1999), "A Telephone Call for Genevieve Snow" (2000), "Dalkeith" (2001), "Crackerjack" (2002), "Forbidden" (2003) and "Romulus, My Father" (2007). 
At the Tropfest awards for 2003, Melville won "Best Actor–Female" for her role of Granma in the short film, "Forbidden". At the 2007 Australian Film Institute Awards, she was nominated for "Best Supporting Actress" for her role of Miss Collard in "Romulus, My Father". She worked in student films, independent short films, did voice-overs and appeared in TV ads. 
Esme Melville died on 14 September 2006 after a short illness, aged 88.
Theatre.
Credits:

</doc>
<doc id="6986150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986150" title="Edinburgh crystal">
Edinburgh crystal



</doc>
<doc id="6986152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986152" title="Marginal artery of colon">
Marginal artery of colon



</doc>
<doc id="6986154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986154" title="Zuenoula">
Zuenoula



</doc>
<doc id="6986155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986155" title="Jakarta Theological Seminary">
Jakarta Theological Seminary

Jakarta School of Theological Philosophy or Jakarta Theological Seminary (), abbreviated as STFT Jakarta, is the oldest Christian theological college and university in Indonesia. It was founded in 1934 as Hoogere Theologische School (HTS) in Bogor ("Buitenzorg").
This school was founded to answer the vision put forward by H. Kraemer in the late 1920s, as an effort to prepare pastors and priests in Indonesia. According to Kraemer, there must be a new orientation in theological education. Indonesians should not be educated to only become assistants or helpers to Dutch pastors or missionaries.
Background.
In 1936 this school was moved to Jakarta, then in 1954 its name changed to Jakarta Theological College. STT Jakarta was born as a higher education institution that seeks to implement the Tri Dharma of Higher Education.
Prof. Dr. Mulller Kruger, rector of STT Jakarta (the first rector was Dr. J.R. Slottemaker de Bruine), in that year also introduced what was called theologia in loco, a theology which he hoped would be familiar to Indonesia and could bear fruit for the Churches in Indonesia. At that time, the education period lasted six years and was expected to produce Indonesian pastors in the shortest possible time and with the best possible results.
Between 1942-1945, during the Japanese occupation, HTS lecturers were taken prisoner and lectures stopped. As a result, schools were forced to close. When it reopened in 1946, the need was felt to educate as many Indonesian workers as possible in a short time, for the future service of the churches. Therefore, educational programs are directed at producing professionals in the field of theology who have an ecumenical outlook.
When the Republic of Indonesia was proclaimed on August 17, 1945, HTS was developed into a theological education institution that was fully equivalent to university education. On 27 September 1954 the name of HTS was changed to Jakarta Theological College, and this date was taken to commemorate the founding of STT Jakarta. Since 27 September 1954, for the first time a high school diploma was required as a condition for entering STT Jakarta. In addition, the ecumenical nature of this school is becoming increasingly clear according to churches in Indonesia, which is marked by the rotating position of rector by Indonesian lecturers.
In 1958, STT Jakarta opened its own advanced study program, and since 1966 it has also developed the South East Asia Graduate School of Theology (SEAGST) advanced study program, within the framework of a consortium of Theological Schools in Southeast Asia which has succeeded in diverting the flow of advanced studies to the Asian region yourself.
Facilities.
Since 2003, STT Jakarta has developed the Community Learning Center Church (PPWG) program, which is intended to carry out educational activities and training for churches and church members, especially those in the DKI Jakarta area and its surroundings. However, currently PPWG's work can also be felt by various parties in remote areas of the archipelago.
Library STFT Jakarta has a book collection of 62,429 copies, with 37,362 book titles (as of November 2009). Several cassettes audio, video cassettes, DVDs and CDs. The Jakarta STFT Library is one of the most complete and largest theological libraries in Indonesia.
The Christian Education Workshop (PK) is a place that has been specially designed so that it becomes a familiar and comfortable place for students and for church members in general. The PK Workshop is a place to get ideas and a source of inspiration, be creative in developing ideas, designing and creating various ecclesiastical programs.
Since June 2004, PDSGI has been held with the aim of informing, collecting and managing Indonesian church history documents, both in Indonesia and abroad and using them to support formal studies at STT Jakarta and provide information for church, community, or anyone who needs information about it. Currently the PDSGI collection consists of two large parts, namely: published literature and loose and unpublished documents. All PDSGI collections have reference status, so they can only be read on site.
Alumni.
The following are some names of STFT Jakarta alumni who stand out for their achievements and leadership in the church and society, namely:

</doc>
<doc id="6986163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986163" title="The Prids">
The Prids

The Prids are an American post-punk/indie rock band based in Portland, Oregon, led by former couple David Frederickson and Mistina La Fave. AllMusic described them as specializing in "a moody form of indie rock influenced by '80s college radio stalwarts". and their influences include the Smiths, Unrest, the Jesus and Mary Chain, Built to Spill, Wire and Sonic Youth.
The Prids are known for following a strong DIY ethic, including the home recording of several of their records, booking their own tours and running their own Portland label collective, This-A-Way Records.
History.
The Prids were founded in the small town of St. Joseph, Missouri, in 1995 by Frederickson (guitar, vocals) and La Fave (bass, vocals).
Frederickson moved to St. Joseph from Riverside, California after meeting a friend in rehab, with whom he'd started writing his first songs. He soon met La Fave, who attended one of his early shows. They eventually struck up a romance and formed The Prids soon after. The band name was a reference to a pet name that Frederickson had for La Fave. The group continued to develop in Omaha and Lincoln, Nebraska, and in Lincoln, they befriended Harry Dingman III, guitarist of 1980s post-punk band For Against.
The band relocated to Portland in November 1999 over their mutual love of the band Team Dresch, and released their debut EP, "Duracraft", in 2000 on the Death Tech Music label, featuring cover artwork by Dingman. In a contemporaneous live review, "the Portland Mercury" described the Prids as: "Imagine if My Bloody Valentine and New Order decided to collaborate when they were both at their peaks".
The Prids have performed with the likes of TV On the Radio, The Faint and Franz Ferdinand. Deerhunter played their first-ever show opening for The Prids in Atlanta, Georgia. The Prids played one of their earliest shows at the legendary Satyricon.
Their second EP, "Glide, Screamer", was self-released in 2002, and The Prids released their debut full-length album, "Love Zero", on May 6, 2003, on Luminal Records. The band went on to release two 7-inch singles on Luminal: "Let It Go" and "Shadow and Shadow.”
The Prids signed with New York-based label Five03 Records, and released a second album, "...Until the World Is Beautiful" (August 29, 2006) and a third EP, "Something Difficult" (October 9, 2007).
On July 20, 2008, the Prids were involved in a serious highway accident while driving south from San Francisco to Los Angeles. All four members and two of their significant others were injured to varying degrees, and their van and gear were destroyed. In the aftermath of the accident, fans and friends worldwide donated over $16,000 to help the band with medical bills and equipment costs, and Five03 released a digital-only benefit/tribute album, "Dots to Connect: The Music of the Prids", featuring Prids covers by A Place to Bury Strangers, the Suffocation Keep (with Brett Nelson of Built to Spill), The Upsidedown, Entertainment, Helvetia (band) and others.
In 2009, the Prids issued the song "Break" on a split single with Lookbook. The band's third album, "Chronosynclastic", featuring guest appearances from Doug Martsch of Built to Spill and Jason Albertini of Duster, was released on the Velvet Blue Music label on June 11, 2010.
In 2015, the Prids celebrated their 20th anniversary as a band, and in 2018 they released their fourth album, "Do I Look Like I’m In Love?" produced by Sean Flora (The Shins, Stephen Malkmus and the Jicks, The Black Keys).
The Prids will release their fifth full-length album "I Only Care About You and Me" on Sept. 7, 2024, on This-A-Way Records. The album was produced by Larry Crane, and will include the first single, “Tell You Nothing.” 

</doc>
<doc id="6986179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986179" title="Francisco Javier Arias Cárdenas">
Francisco Javier Arias Cárdenas



</doc>
<doc id="6986184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986184" title="Zougounefla">
Zougounefla



</doc>
<doc id="6986193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986193" title="Seoul Girls' High School">
Seoul Girls' High School

Seoul Girls' High School (서울여자고등학교) is a high school located in Yeomni-dong, Mapo district, Seoul. It was established in 1958 as Mapo Girls' High School, and took its present name in 1960. The school was divided into separate junior high and high schools in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="6986194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986194" title="Market Street, Philadelphia">
Market Street, Philadelphia



</doc>
<doc id="6986200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986200" title="Dairantou Smash Bros. X">
Dairantou Smash Bros. X



</doc>
<doc id="6986207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986207" title="Right marginal branch of right coronary artery">
Right marginal branch of right coronary artery

The right marginal branch of right coronary artery (or right marginal artery) is the largest marginal branch of the right coronary artery. It follows the acute margin of the heart. It supplies blood to both surfaces of the right ventricle. 
Structure.
The right marginal branch is the largest branch to split off from the right coronary artery. It often anastomoses with the nearby parallel posterior interventricular artery, which itself is usually a continuation of the right coronary artery.
Variation.
The right marginal branch may reach the distal part of the posterior interventricular sulcus.
Function.
The right marginal branch primarily supplies the right ventricle.

</doc>
<doc id="6986224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986224" title="Ajahn Amaro">
Ajahn Amaro

Ajahn Amaro (born 2 September 1956) is a Theravāda Buddhist monk and teacher, and abbot of the Amaravati Buddhist Monastery at the eastern end of the Chiltern Hills in South East England. The centre, in practice as much for ordinary people as for monastics, is inspired by the Thai Forest Tradition and the teachings of the late Ajahn Chah. Its chief priorities are the practice and teaching of Buddhist ethics, together with traditional concentration and insight meditation techniques, as an effective way of dissolving suffering.
Biography.
Ajahn Amaro was born J. C. J. Horner in Kent. He was educated at Sutton Valence School and Bedford College, University of London. He is a second cousin of I.B. Horner (1896–1981), late President of the Pali Text Society.
Apart from a certain interest in the theories of Rudolf Steiner—to which he had been introduced by Trevor Ravenscroft, Amaro's principal enthusiasms on leaving university were, by his own admission, pretty much those standard-issue among sceptical students of the day: "sex, drugs and rock'n'roll".
Having completed his honours degree in psychology and physiology, in 1977 he went to Malaysia, Indonesia and Thailand on an undefined "open-ended" spiritual search. He somehow found himself in northeast Thailand, at the forest monastery of Wat Pah Nanachat. Ajahn Chah's charismatic impact and the encouragement of the senior American monk Ajahn Pabhakaro were decisive. It changed his life. Having become a lay renunciate, four months later he became a novice and in 1979 he received upasampada from Ajahn Chah and took profession as a Theravadin bhikkhu. He stayed in Thailand for two years. Amaro then went back to England to help Ajahn Sumedho establish Chithurst Monastery in West Sussex. With the blessing of his abbot, in 1983 he moved to Harnham Vihara in Northumberland. He made the entire 830-mile journey on foot, chronicled in his 1984 volume "Tudong: The Long Road North".
Origins of California's Abhayagiri Monastery.
In the early 1990s Amaro made several teaching trips to northern California. Many who attended his meditation retreats became enthusiastic about the possibility of establishing a permanent monastic community in the area.
Amaravati, his mother house back in England, meanwhile received a substantial donation of land in Mendocino County from Chan Master Hsuan Hua, founder of the City of Ten Thousand Buddhas in Talmage. The land was allocated to establish a forest retreat. Since for some years Ajahn Sumedho had venerated the Chinese master, both abbots hoped that, among its other virtues, the center would serve as a symbolic bond between the otherwise distinct Theravāda and Mahayana lineages.
Care for what became Abhayagiri was placed in the hands of a group of lay practitioners, the Sanghapala Foundation. Ajahn Pasanno was appointed founding co-abbot of Abhayagiri with Ajahn Amaro. The latter announced on 8 February 2010 that he would be leaving Abhayagiri and returning to England, having accepted a request from Ajahn Sumedho to succeed him as abbot at Amaravati.

</doc>
<doc id="6986234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986234" title="The Manta Rays of Time">
The Manta Rays of Time

The Manta Rays of Time is Bill Callahan's fourth EP released under his Smog moniker. It was released in Australia only on Spunk Records in 2000. "Real Live Dress" later appeared on the 2002 rarities compilation "", while the remaining two tracks on the EP are exclusive to this release. Real Live Dress features elements from Baby Got Back by Sir Mix-a-Lot. When questioned on the use of these elements Bill said he thinks the lines are "pure and true" and that he included them without irony as he admired their "clarity".

</doc>
<doc id="6986240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986240" title="Right marginal branch of the right coronary artery">
Right marginal branch of the right coronary artery



</doc>
<doc id="6986242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986242" title="Someday Maybe">
Someday Maybe

Someday Maybe is the 1996 fourth album by Pittsburgh band The Clarks. The record constituted both the band's first and last major label release. After two successful local records on a self-created label, MCA signed a deal with the band, giving them at least a shot at national success. However, MCA was in financial disarray at the time, due to it being bought out by a larger corporation. In turn, many struggling or newly signed bands were cut from the label. Before 'Someday Maybe' received any promotion, The Clarks were one of many bands that saw their contracts with MCA be terminated in 1997. Despite this heartbreak, the album did perform well in Pittsburgh. 'Stop!', a song that could draw comparison's 'For What It's Worth' by Buffalo Springfield, was intended to be the band's first nation single. Instead, it was relegated to only local success. The traditional rock love song 'Caroline' and the Southern rock influenced 'Mercury' were also major hits in the Pittsburgh market. The Clarks' problems with MCA nearly ruined their careers, and it certainly left them disillusioned with the recording industry. It would take 4 years for the band to release their next album.

</doc>
<doc id="6986250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986250" title="The Alphabetchadupa">
The Alphabetchadupa



</doc>
<doc id="6986253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986253" title="Christina (Ugly Betty character)">
Christina (Ugly Betty character)



</doc>
<doc id="6986262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986262" title="Why Auschwitz wasn't bombed">
Why Auschwitz wasn't bombed



</doc>
<doc id="6986264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986264" title="Frank Moraes">
Frank Moraes

Francis Robert "Frank" Moraes (12 November 1907 – 2 May 1974) was a British editor of many prominent newspapers in post-independence India, including "The Times of India" and "The Indian Express".
Early life and education.
Born in Bombay (now Mumbai) of Goan descent on 12 November 1907, Moraes was the son of Anthony Xavier Moraes, a Goan civil engineer. He spent his childhood in the city of Poona, British India, and studied at Catholic schools in both cities. The historian Teresa Albuquerque was his sister.
From 1923, Moraes was at St Xavier's College where he studied history under Henry Heras and also economics. He earned his B.A. at Bombay University majoring in history and economics. He went to Oxford for his M.A. in history" He was active in Oxford University student politics, and edited the student newspaper "Bharat". He also studied law at Lincoln's Inn in London, and was called to the Bar. In all, he spent seven years in England from 1927 to 1934.
In 1937, Moraes married Beryl Anna Bonosa. The couple had a son named Dom, who went on to become the famous poet Dom Moraes. Beryl suffered from mental illness in the 1940s and was confined to hospitals and mental asylums.
Career.
Returning to India in 1934, he practiced as a barrister for a few months, and in 1936 joined "The Times of India" as a journalist, was promoted to junior assistant editor in 1938, and worked in Burma and China as the war correspondent for "The Times" between 1942 and 1945.
Between 1946 and 1949, Moraes was based in Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) as editor of "The Times Ceylon" and "The Morning Standard". He worked as the India correspondent of several British newspapers, and in 1950 became The Times of India's first "Indian editor", amidst a changing post-colonial situation.
On returning from Ceylon in 1949, Frank Moraes was named editor of "The National Standard", a Goenka-owned Indian newspaper that later morphed into "The Indian Express". According to another journalist of Goan origin, Victor Rangel-Ribeiro, "[A]t that time I was on the news copy desk as well as being the music critic, and remember him as an individual who kept himself aloof, quite unlike other editors I have worked with. Six days a week he wrote the main editorial and a column he signed as 'Atticus'". Moraes left within months to be the editor at the "Times of India".
Ribeiro recalls that in January 1953, while at Calcutta on the job of Sunday editor at their soon-to-be-started edition in that city in eastern India, Moraes visited the edition. He recalls, "Well after midnight I was down in the pressroom okaying pages as they were being "made up" on the 'stone'---those were the days of metal type and printers' ink—and in rolled Frank Moraes at the head of his cohort, and he had just a one-line mantra for me: "Let's get the paper out! Let's get the paper out!" Having said that, he kept out of our way. Others in the group, however, were more obtrusive, and soon we had to hustle them back upstairs.".
In 1957, "The Indian Express" (formerly the "Morning Standard") named him as the editor-in-chief of this Goenka-run newspaper. Becoming one of India's best-known journalists his columns appeared regularly on Sundays and Mondays in the "Indian Express", while another column signed as "Ariel" made its mark in the "Sunday Standard". He did some radio broadcasts. In 1961 he was appointed Sheriff in Bombay.
Retirement and death.
Frank Moraes retired from "The Indian Express" in 1972, moved to London as its representative the next year, and died in 1974. His last days were spent in the company of Marilyn Rita Silverstone with whom he had been in a live-in relationship for more than a decade.
Moraes' books.
Moraes authored "India Today", "The Revolt in Tibet" (1960), "Report on Mao's China", "Yonder one world : a study of Asia and the West", "The importance of being black: an Asian looks at Africa" (1965) and "Behind the Bamboo Curtain".
Other books listed here include "Introduction to India" (1945. co-authored with H L Stimson), "Report on Mao's China" (1953); "Jawaharlal Nehru: A Biography" (1956); "Sir Purshotamdas Thakurdas" (1957); "Yonder One World: A Study of Asia and the West" (1957); "India Today" (1960); "Nehru, Sunlight and Shadow" (1964); "John Kenneth Galbraith Introduces India" (1974, co-edited); and his political autobiography, "Witness to an Era: India 1920 to the Present Day" (1973).
Author, celebrated journalist, editor.
In obituaries to his son, the poet and writer Dom Moraes, Frank Moraes was called an "author ... sometime editor of the Times of India", and "an Oxford-educated lawyer who was to become a celebrated journalist and Editor of The Times of India".
Archives.
Frank Moraes' archives are held in London by SOAS Special Collections and consist of "notebooks and diaries; correspondence; newspaper clippings and typescripts of Moraes' regular columns, articles and tour articles; reviews of Moraes' books; photographs; drawings, illustrations and programmes; recorded broadcasts; papers of (his wife) Beryl Moraes' objects".
His archives include papers covering mainly the 1930s–1974 period, and are useful considering that he worked as a journalist, author and editor during a crucial period in the history of India and a then just-being-decolonised Asia – particularly between 1950 and 1974.
It also contains his notebooks and diaries, dating from 1950 to 1974, from Australia and New Zealand, South East Asia, China, Japan, Pakistan, India, Africa, Western and Eastern Europe and the USA. Listings of his archives say it includes correspondence, professional and personal matters, newspaper clippings, regular columns and archives, reviews of the books he published, photographs from 1930s to 1970s, recorded broadcasts and the diary of his wife, Beryl, dating to 1962.
Frank Moraes Foundation.
This news item in The Hindu newspaper mentions a memorial lectures in honour of Frank Moraes. It cites a "Frank Moraes Foundation" being among the institutions taking the initiative in this regard. The United Writer's Association of India "is responsible for having instituted the distinguished FRANK MORAES MEMORIAL LECTURES to perpetuate the hallowed memory of distinguished Journalist FRANK MORAES – the doyen of Indian Journalism who was responsible for having extended the realm of journalism to socio-political dimensions of development, for fearless comments on the highest in the land and for a broader vision of India. (...) The UWA has eminently succeeded in organizing three decades of public lectures in our country."
EducationWorldOnline.net says the Frank Moraes Foundation was set up by demographer, social worker, academician and philosopher Dr. K. Thyagarajan "in 1985 and instituted the Frank Moraes Memorial Lecture in 2002". It adds that Thyagaraj was an "ardent admirer and disciple of the late "Indian Express" editor Frank Moraes, the doyen of Indian journalism."

</doc>
<doc id="6986268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986268" title="Debaprasad Ghosh">
Debaprasad Ghosh

Acharya Debaprasad Ghosh (15 March 1894 – 14 July 1985) was an Indian mathematician and politician. He began his career as a professor of mathematics at the Ripon College. He was involved in politics as the President of Bharatiya Jana Sangh, the political wing of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), a far-right Hindutva paramilitary organisation. He served as the party president from 1956 to 1965, except for the period between 1960 and 1962.
Early life.
Debaprasad was born in a Bengali Hindu Kayastha family on 15 March 1894 in the village of Gava, in the district of Barisal, in eastern Bengal, now in Bangladesh. His father Kshetranath Ghosh was professor of philosophy at the Brajamohan College in Barisal. His mother Annadasundari Devi was a poet.
Debaprasad ranked first in the Entrance Examination in 1908 from Brajamohan School in Barisal. In 1910, he again ranked first in the I.A. from Brajamohan College. In spite of that he was denied scholarship as both his school and college were connected with the Swadeshi Movement. In 1912, Debaprasad stood first in B.A.(Mathematics) from City College, Kolkata and obtained the Ishan scholarship. He completed an M.A. in Mathematics in 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="6986279" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986279" title="Audubon National Wildlife Refuge">
Audubon National Wildlife Refuge

Audubon National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge in the U.S. state of North Dakota. The refuge is managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and is the centerpiece of the Audubon National Wildlife Refuge Complex, which includes numerous other refuges in the region. Originally designated as the Snake Creek National Wildlife Refuge in 1955, the refuge was renamed in 1967 in honor of the artist and naturalist John James Audubon. Most of the refuge area is a lake known as Audubon Lake which is managed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
Audubon Lake has one hundred islands which provide nesting habitat for birds. Another consists of wetlands crucial to numerous bird and mammal species. Of particular interest are the Baird's sparrow and Le Conte's sparrow, which nest here in enormous numbers during the late spring and summer. Between 1956 and 2007, 246 bird species have been documented. Additionally, 34 mammal species, five reptile species, four amphibian species, and 37 fish species have been observed.
Activities.
Audubon National Wildlife Refuge features a visitor center with exhibits on prairie wetland and grassland habitat, migratory birds, night life of the Refuge, John James Audubon, and the history of the refuge. There is also a gift shop. Outside the visitor center is a 1-mile, self-guided gravel trail through grasslands and along wetlands. The center is located 3 miles north of Coleharbor, North Dakota.
There is an 8-mile gravel auto tour route that winds along the south shoreline of Lake Audubon. Visitors can also use the photography blind to observe or take photographs of birds on a quiet bay of Lake Audubon.
The refuge is open to hunting for deer, pheasant, grouse, and partridge. Since late 2020, it has hosted a 14-mile segment of the 4,600-mile North Country National Scenic Trail - the nation's longest hiking trail. The NCT through Audubon crosses a diversity of habitats and features numerous access points. Ice fishing is permitted in the winter.

</doc>
<doc id="6986280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986280" title="Aiming for Your Head">
Aiming for Your Head

Aiming for Your Head is the second and final studio album by New Zealand band Betchadupa, released in 2004. The album title's inspiration is about “Aiming for someone and trying to impress them or make it happen.”
The track "Aiming for Your Head" was the theme song of the ABC children's show "Blue Water High".
"My Army of Birds and Gulls" is on the "Love My Way" soundtrack album. Songwriter Liam Finn was inspired to write "My Army of Birds and Gulls" when he was jet lagged and kept awake by birds.

</doc>
<doc id="6986298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986298" title="Nikki Clan">
Nikki Clan

Nikki Clan is a Mexican pop rock band from Nogales, Sonora and Mexicali, Baja California. It consists of Alberto Espinoza, José Antonio Dabdoub, Ángel Vázquez, and José Carlos Fausto Monroy. It was created in 2005 by known producer Abelardo Vázquez (also producer of Reik), and released its first album in 2006. The self-titled album, Nikki Clan, is part of a five-album contract with Sony BMG. "Mirame" ("Look at me") was released as the first single with tremendous success.
Its name is in honor of Nikki Sixx, an idol for Gianola.
Nikki Clan disbanded in 2010, following Gianola's first pregnancy, but they reunited in 2022 as part of the 2000s Pop Tour.
Discography.
Nikki Clan (2006).
Charts: No. 20 (MEX), No. 10 (MEX POP)
Track listing
Standard edition bonus tracks
Re-issue bonus tracks
No será igual (2008).
Track listing
Films.
The song "Niñas mal" ("Bad girls") was used on the Mexican film "Niñas Mal".

</doc>
<doc id="6986299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986299" title="Galen Rupp">
Galen Rupp

Galen Rupp (born May 8, 1986) is an American long-distance runner. He competed in the Summer Olympics in 2008 in Beijing, 2012 in London, 2016 in Rio de Janeiro and 2021 in Tokyo. He won the silver medal in the men's 10,000 meters in London and the bronze medal in the men's marathon in Rio de Janeiro. Rupp competed for the University of Oregon and trained under Alberto Salazar as a member of the Nike Oregon Project. He won the 2017 Chicago Marathon, becoming the first American to do so since Khalid Khannouchi in 2002. Rupp won the marathon at the 2020 United States Olympic Trials (marathon) in Atlanta with a time of 2:09:20, and qualified for the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games, where he finished eighth.
Rupp holds or held multiple U.S. records at the high school, collegiate and senior levels. He is considered to be one of the greatest American distance runners of all time.
Early career (2002–2004).
Born in Portland, Oregon, into a Catholic family of German descent, Rupp set junior and American high school records while competing for Portland, Oregon's Central Catholic High School. Originally a soccer player, he caught the eye of American marathon legend Alberto Salazar, who coached him to great high school success, including two Oregon state titles in cross country (2002 and 2003) and three individual championships in track and field (the 1500 meters in 2004 and the 3000 meters in 2003 and 2004). After winning the Oregon state title in cross country in 2003, he went on to finish second nationally in the 2003 Foot Locker Cross Country Championships. In the spring of 2004, Rupp won his 5000 meters heat against college runners at the Stanford Cardinal Invitational with a time of 13:55.32, fourth-best in U.S. prep history. He went on to break the Oregon state records for the 1500 m (3:45.3) and the mile (4:01.8), the latter mark being the ninth-best in American high school history at the time.
In June 2004, Rupp broke the U.S. high school record for the 3000 m with a time of 8:03.67 (since broken by German Fernandez), also breaking the high school record for the 2000 meters en route (5:18.5). On July 31 in Heusden-Zolder, Belgium, he broke Gerry Lindgren's 40-year-old U.S. high school record for the 5000 m by almost seven seconds, with a time of 13:37.91 for the event. He finished his high school career with a 10,000-meter race in 29:09.56 in Brasschaat, Belgium, which was the fourth-fastest ever for an American high schooler. He was the "Track and Field News" "High School Athlete of the Year" in 2004.
Rupp delayed entering college, instead continuing to train and compete while coached by Salazar. He won the USA Junior Cross Country title in mid-February 2005 then placed 20th at the 2005 World Junior Cross Country Championships in France in mid-March. He then enrolled at the University of Oregon in time for the outdoor track season.
Collegiate career (2005–2009).
On May 7, 2005, at the Oregon Twilight Meet, Rupp broke Rudy Chapa's U.S. junior (age 19 and under) record for the 10,000 m with a time of 28:25.52, which is still the current North American and Pan American junior record. Two months later, he placed second in the same event at the NCAA Men's Outdoor Track and Field Championship. On July 17, 2005, Rupp broke Gerry Lindgren's U.S. junior record for the 3000 m in Lignano, Italy, with a time of 7:49.16, which is also the current North American and Pan American junior record.
After he led the team in the Willamette Invitational (sixth) and Pre-NCAA Invitational (12th), an injury brought Rupp's 2005 cross country season to an early end.
In indoor track, Rupp placed fifth in the 5000 m and sixth in the 3000 m at the 2006 NCAA indoor championships, earning All-American status in both events. His 2006 outdoor season was brief due to the onset of hypothyroidism.
Rupp returned to cross country in 2006 to defeat two-time Pac-10 champion Robert Cheseret, Bernard Lagat's brother, of the University of Arizona to become Oregon's 10th male runner to win a Pac-10 Conference cross country title. He also led a young Oregon team to victory over the Stanford Cardinal, who had won the previous six Pac-10 titles. Rupp went on to finish sixth in the 2006 NCAA Men's Cross Country Championship.
The following March, Rupp capped his indoor season by placing third in the 5000 m and fourth in the 3000 m at the 2007 NCAA Men's Indoor Track and Field Championship. He began his outdoor season by running a 28:35 over the 10,000 m at Stanford. During the race, he caused some controversy by frequently slowing down to wait for another athlete. On April 20, 2007, Rupp made a huge comeback in the last 200 meters of a 5000-meter race to edge out Chris Solinsky, improving his personal best to 13:30. On April 29, 2007, Rupp defeated a stellar field to win the men's 10,000 m at the Payton Jordan Cardinal Invitational at Stanford. Rupp's time of 27:33.48 set an American-born NCAA Collegiate Record for the event and also gave him the seventh-fastest time in U.S. history. Two weeks later, Rupp won the 10,000 m and 5000 m at the Pac-10 conference meet and helped Oregon to the team title. As in his freshman year, he went on to finish second in the 10,000 m at the NCAA Outdoor Track and Field Championships.
Rupp made his global senior debut at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics and came in 11th at the 10,000 m.
A few months later, Rupp finished second – one second behind the winner, Liberty University's Josh McDougal – and led the Oregon Ducks to the 2007 NCAA men's cross country team championship.
Rupp redshirted the 2008 college track season to focus on the 10,000 m at the 2008 U.S. Olympic Track and Field Trials, where he finished second (27:43.11), earning a spot on the 2008 U.S. Olympic team. He went on to finish 13th at the 2008 Olympics with an U.S. Olympic–record time of 27:36.99.
Recovering from the Olympics, Rupp avoided the early 2008 cross country season, running his first race at the Pac-10 Conference Championships, which he won in a course-record 22:55 in the 8000-meter run. He then repeated as NCAA West Regional champion by running 27:41.24 to win the 10,000 m. In the 2008 NCAA national cross country championships, Rupp won his first individual NCAA title by out-kicking Liberty University's Sam Chelanga in a time of 29:03.8, a new course record on the Terre Haute, Indiana, site, and leading the Ducks to repeat as NCAA team champions.
Rupp's 2009 track season was a resounding success. Indoors, he joined the sub-4:00 club for the one-mile run on March 7 with a time of 3:57.86 at the Husky Last Chance Qualifier Meet in Seattle. On February 13, 2009, he broke the U.S. indoor 5000 m record with a time of 13:18.12 at the Tyson Invitational in Fayetteville, Arkansas. At the NCAA indoor nationals, he won an unprecedented three events: the 5000 m (13:41.45), the distance medley relay (running a 3:57.07 as the 1600 m anchor leg only 90 minutes after his 5000 m victory), and the 3000 m (7:48.94) the next day. This triple victory helped Oregon win its first-ever indoor national team title.
Outdoors, Rupp helped break the NCAA 4 x mile record on May 10. He ran a time of 3:58.93 as the anchor the relay, which also included his Oregon teammates Matthew Centrowitz Jr. (3:59.53), Andrew Wheating (3:59.60) and Shadrack Kiptoo-Biwott (4:05.21), and they shaved a little more than one second off the old record with their time of 16:03.24. After helping Oregon defend its Pac-10 title, Rupp won the 5000 m and 10,000 m at the 2009 NCAA Division I outdoor track championships. In all, Rupp earned 14 All-American honors at Oregon, along with five individual championships, a relay championship, two NCAA cross country team titles and an indoor track NCAA team title.
In his last appearance for the University of Oregon, Rupp won the 10,000 m at the 2009 USA Outdoor Track &amp; Field Championships at Hayward Field with a time of 27:52.53.
In 2009, Rupp won the inaugural Bowerman Award, which is given to college track's Athlete of the Year.
Professional career.
2009–2010.
Having earned himself a place on the U.S. team for the 2009 World Championships in Athletics, Rupp announced that he was turning pro and that Michael Johnson would be his agent. At the World Championships, Rupp placed eighth in the 10,000 m, in which he was one of only two non-Africans in the top 12 alongside Dathan Ritzenhein.
He then qualified for and competed at the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships, where he set a personal best of 7:42.40 for the 3000 m, taking fifth place in the final.
Rupp knocked more than 20 seconds off his previous 10,000 m personal best with a time of 27:10.74 in Palo Alto, California, at the Payton Jordan Stanford Invitational. Before that race, the U.S. record was 27:13.98 set by Meb Keflezighi, and though Rupp's time was over three seconds faster, he was beaten to the punch by Chris Solinsky, who won the race with a new U.S. record of 26:59.60. Two months later, Rupp retained his national title in the 10,000 m with a win at the 2010 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships. Rupp competed on the 2010 IAAF Diamond League circuit and made a series of improvements to his personal records: he broke four minutes for the one-mile run at the Pre Classic, running it in 3:57.72, set an outdoor 3000 m personal best of 7:43.24 at the London Grand Prix, and then improved his 5000 m time to 13:07.35 at the season-ending Weltklasse Zürich meeting.
2011.
Rupp took part in the Great Edinburgh Cross Country in 2011 and finished second behind Mo Farah, helping the U.S. team to second place. He then took part in the New York City Half Marathon, his debut at that distance and finished third in a time of 1:00:30, at the time making him the third-fastest American at the distance. At the 2011 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, he once again retained his national 10,000 m title, running the last 800 meters in a quick 1:52.59 to seal his victory, and came back the next day to finish third in the 5000 m. In July, he improved his 5000 m personal best to 13:06.86 at the Diamond League meeting in Birmingham, England, out-sprinting the reigning world cross country champion, Imane Merga, for second place behind winner, Mo Farah.
At the 2011 World Championships in Athletics, Rupp finished seventh in the 10,000 m with a seasonal best of 27:26.84. He then doubled back to run the 5000 m, and though he was in the lead with Farah with a little more than a lap remaining, he was out-kicked and finished in ninth place with a time of 13:28.64.
Rupp finished his track season with a new U.S. record in the 10,000 m when he ran in 26:48.00 to finish third behind winner, Kenenisa Bekele, at the Memorial Van Damme meet on September 16, 2011. This time made Rupp the 16th-fastest performer in history for that distance.
2012.
Rupp broke Bernard Lagat's U.S. indoor two-mile run record on February 11, 2012, when he won the event at the USA Track &amp; Field Classic meet in Fayetteville, Arkansas, in a time of 8:09.72. (Lagat reclaimed the record in 2013 at the Millrose Games in New York City.) In June, Rupp became the sixth American to break 13 minutes for the 5000 m when he ran 12:58.90 at the Prefontaine Classic. He won the 10,000 m at the 2012 United States Olympic Trials in a time of 27:25.33, which set a new Trials record, breaking Meb Keflezighi's time of 27:36.49 from 2004, and secured Rupp's second trip to the Olympic Games.
On June 28, 2012, Rupp broke Steve Prefontaine's last remaining record – his Olympic Trials 5000 m record from 1972 – winning the race in 13:22.67.
On August 4, 2012, at the London Olympic Games, Rupp took a surprise silver medal for the 10,000 m behind his training partner Mo Farah with a time of 27:30:90, after running his last lap in 53.8 seconds. This was the first time a U.S. man had earned a medal in the Olympic 10,000 m in 48 years, the last being Billy Mills's gold in the 1964 Olympics. On August 8, 2012, Rupp advanced to the final of the 5000 m with a sixth-place finish in 13:17.56. Two days later, in the 5000-meter Olympic final, Rupp placed seventh in 13:45.04.
2013.
On January 26, 2013, at the indoor Terrier Classic at Boston University, Rupp attempted to break the U.S. indoor one-mile run record, winning with a time of 3:50.92 – the fifth-fastest at the time – in a field that included four other sub-four-minute performers. Among Americans, Rupp's time was behind only that of Bernard Lagat. Rupp placed second at the Boston Indoor Grand Prix 3000 m. On February 21, 2013, he broke Lagat's national indoor 3000 m record by more than two seconds with a time of 7:30.16 at the XL Galan meet in Stockholm, Sweden.
During the start of his 2013 outdoor season, he did not finish the 5000 m at the Oxy High Performance Meet, but he placed second in the 1500 m with a time of 3:36.98. He placed sixth in the Prefontaine Classic 5000 m. At the 2013 USA Track &amp; Field Championships, he won his fifth-consecutive outdoor 10,000 m title, finishing with a time of 28:47.32. His teammate, Dathan Ritzenhein, led the last four laps or so, but he was out-kicked by Rupp in the end. He was also the runner-up in the 5000 m to Bernard Lagat. These finishes qualified Rupp for two events at the IAAF World Championships in Moscow. He raced the 5000 m at the Monaco Diamond League Meet, where there were rumors of him and Lagat going after the U.S. record. However, Rupp came out on top because Lagat did not finish, and no U.S. record was broken that day. At the London Diamond League meet, his last event before Moscow, he raced in the Emsley Carr Mile, in which he was the top American in an international field, even though he is a 10,000 m specialist. He set an outdoor personal best of 3:52.11, beating out a field that included his 1500 m specialist teammate Matthew Centrowitz.
On August 10, 2013, at the 14th IAAF World Championships in Moscow, Russia, Rupp placed fourth in the 10,000 m final with a 27:24.39, a seasonal-best performance. He followed up that performance with a time of 13:29.87 run in the 5000 m finals, placing eighth.
2014.
Rupp set the U.S. indoor 5000 m record at Boston University on January 16, 2014, with a time of 13:01.26, breaking Lopez Lomong's previous record of 13:07.00.
On January 25, Rupp set the U.S. record for the indoor two miles with a time of 8:07.41, breaking the previous record of 8:09.49 by Bernard Lagat on February 16, 2013.
On May 30, Rupp finished with a time of 26:44.36 at the Prefontaine Classic in the 10,000 m, breaking his own U.S. record of 26:48.00, which was set on September 16, 2011.
On June 27, Rupp won his sixth-consecutive 10,000 m title at the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships with a time of 28:12.07.
On June 10 and July 5, Rupp attempted to break the U.S. record for the outdoor 5000 m but was unsuccessful both times.
In its annual World Rankings issue in 2014, "Track &amp; Field News" magazine recognized Rupp as the world's top athlete in the 10,000 m, marking the first time an American runner claimed the No. 1 position since the 1985 season.
2015.
At the 2015 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, Rupp won his seventh-consecutive 10,000 m national title, finishing with a time of 28:11.61 – less than three seconds ahead of runner-up Ben True.
On August 22, 2015, in the 10,000 m at the 2015 World Championships in Athletics, Rupp ran with the breakaway lead pack of his training partner Mo Farah and three Kenyan athletes, as they tried to act as a team to beat Farah. Farah started a long kick, resulting in a 54.15 last lap for the victory; Rupp placed fifth with a time of 27:08.91.
2016.
On February 13, 2016, Rupp qualified for the U.S. National Team for the 2016 Rio Olympics as a marathoner. It was the first marathon that Rupp had competed in, becoming the second American runner in history to win the Olympic marathon trials on their first attempt. He beat second-place finisher, Meb Keflezighi, by over a minute, recording the winning time of 2:11:13 on a warm day in Los Angeles.
A few months later, on July 1, Rupp won the 10,000 m at the United States Olympic Trials with a time of 27:55.04, qualifying for the Olympics in a second event. At the same meet, he placed ninth over the 5000 m.
At the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Rupp placed fifth in the 10,000 m. Eight days later, he finished third and earned a bronze medal in the Olympic Marathon with a time of 2:10:05.
2017.
On April 1, 2017, Rupp placed 11th in the Prague Half Marathon, finishing with a time of 1:01:59. On April 17, he finished second in the 2017 Boston Marathon with a time of 2:09:58, which was 21 seconds behind winner, Geoffrey Kirui.
On September 4, Rupp won the Faxon Law New Haven Road Race – a 20,000-meter road race in New Haven, Connecticut – with a time of 59:04, holding off Leonard Korir at the finish line, while Sam Chelanga finished in third place with a time of 59:16.
On October 8, Rupp won the Bank of America Chicago Marathon with a time of 2:09:20, becoming the first American male to win the race since Khalid Khannouchi in 2002 and the first American-born runner to win since Greg Meyer in 1982.
2018.
On March 11, 2018, Rupp won the Roma-Ostia Half Marathon with a time of 59:47, becoming the second American to run a half marathon in under 60 minutes. He fell short of Ryan Hall's U.S. record by four seconds.
At the 2018 Boston Marathon, Rupp dropped out of the race near the 20-mile mark, just before Heartbreak Hill.
On May 6, Rupp won the Prague Marathon, setting a new personal best of 2:06:07.
On October 7, Rupp finished fifth at the Chicago Marathon with a time of 2:06:21. The race was won convincingly by his former training partner Mo Farah, who finished in 2:05:11.
Rupp underwent surgery on October 19 to correct a condition called Haglund's syndrome, a bony bump on his heel that was causing his Achilles tendon to fray. The condition is believed to be a congenital disorder. He has the bumps on both heels, though to date only the left one has been problematic.
2019–2020.
Controversy rose when Rupp's former coach Alberto Salazar was accused of providing his athletes with performance-enhancing drugs. In October 2019, Salazar was given a four-year ban from athletics by the United States Anti-Doping Agency.
On February 29, 2020, Rupp won the 2020 United States Olympic Marathon Trials in Atlanta with a time of 2:09:20. This is his second victory at the event, having also won in 2016.
2021.
Rupp finished eighth in the Olympic Marathon, which was held in Sapporo, Japan, on August 8, 2021. He ran with the leaders through the first 30 kilometers but could not match the move made by eventual winner, Eliud Kipchoge, finishing three minutes and three seconds behind him with a time of 2:11:41.
In September, Rupp placed third in the Great North Run – the second-largest half marathon in the world – which was won by Marc Scott.
Weeks later, Rupp placed second in the Chicago Marathon in warm and windy conditions with a time of 2:06:35.
2022.
After battling repeated injuries and illness, Rupp placed 19th at the marathon at the World Athletics Championships held in July, but stated that he was improving.
In November, Rupp made his debut in the New York City Marathon. However, he dropped out of the race before the 30-kilometer mark, as he could not keep up with the leading pack after Evans Chebet of Kenya made a move near the 25-kilometer mark.
2023.
Rupp headed into 2023 in poor health after multiple DNFs in 2022 and running injured in the 2022 World Marathon championships. He ran one race in the Spring- the NYC Half Marathon, but finished well back in 17th place with a time 1:04:57. This was not a competitive showing by Rupp's standards.
Rupp focused the rest of his year in building up for the Chicago Marathon, a race he has run 4 times including a win in 2017 and runner up finish in 2021. He did not race otherwise as he put all of his training towards his marathon buildup. Rupp indicated he was healthy prior to the race and had not been in the NYC Half 7 months prior or at any race in 2022. He was hoping to run under the Olympic standard of 2:08:10, which no American men had hit prior to the race. Rupp ran in a pack with fellow Americans Conner Mantz, Daniel Mesfun, and Sam Chelanga. All 4 were on pace for a sub-2:07 finish as late as 30K, but Rupp faded to an 8th place finish of 2:08:48 and missed out on the standard. Mantz and Clayton Young would both hit the Olympic standard in the race. This was Rupp's first healthy marathon in 2 years since the 2021 Chicago Marathon.
2024.
In the 2024 United States Olympic Marathon Trials held in Orlando, Florida, Rupp finished in 16th place in 2:14:07, 5 minutes behind Olympic qualifiers Conner Mantz and Clayton Young.
Personal life.
Rupp is married to Keara Rupp. They have four children: twins born in July 2014, another born in November 2016 and another born in February 2019.
Doping allegations.
Rupp was at the center of doping allegations involving the Nike Oregon Project, in which he was a participant. Rupp's coach Alberto Salazar was accused of providing Rupp with testosterone injections and gravity drip infusions of the supplement L-carnitine in violation of antidoping rules. According to Steve Magness, a former assistant coach with the Oregon Project, Salazar had been providing Rupp with testosterone as early as 2002, when Rupp was 16. Salazar and Rupp both denied the allegations. In October 2019, it was announced that Salazar, as well as Nike consultant Dr. Jeffrey Brown, would be banned from the sport by the United States Anti-Doping Agency for a period of four years due to the trafficking of testosterone, the prohibited use of L-carnitine and tampering with doping controls. Salazar disputed the findings and planned to appeal. In January 2020, Rupp announced his new coach would be Mike Smith, who is the head coach at Northern Arizona University.
Competition record.
USA National Championships.
Outdoor Track and Field.
1Did not start the final

</doc>
<doc id="6986307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986307" title="Root Into Europe">
Root Into Europe

Root Into Europe is an ITV comedy-drama based on the character from William Donaldson's popular book "The Henry Root Letters". Five episodes written by Donaldson and Mark Chapman and produced by Aspect Film &amp; TV for Central Independent Television, were first broadcast in May and June 1992. The series starred George Cole as Henry Root, and Pat Heywood as his wife, Muriel.
Henry Root, a fish dealer who disapproves of the impending European Union, declares himself England's 'European regulator' in a letter to the British Prime Minister, then John Major. He takes his wife Muriel on a tour of Europe to represent English values to mainland Europe. His adventures are captured on a camcorder by his wife to be sent to the BBC upon his return for a future documentary, which one expects will never be made. The episodes bring him to France, Spain, Italy, Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="6986309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986309" title="Ma-Ti">
Ma-Ti



</doc>
<doc id="6986311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986311" title="Oreomanes">
Oreomanes



</doc>
<doc id="6986319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986319" title="Nandana Dev Sen">
Nandana Dev Sen



</doc>
<doc id="6986321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986321" title="Russo-Ottoman War, 1877-1878">
Russo-Ottoman War, 1877-1878



</doc>
<doc id="6986322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986322" title="Orchesticus">
Orchesticus



</doc>
<doc id="6986324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986324" title="Ottoman-Russian War, 1877-1878">
Ottoman-Russian War, 1877-1878



</doc>
<doc id="6986325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986325" title="Bots!!">
Bots!!

Bots!! was a massively multiplayer online game (MMO) created by Acclaim Games as the company's launch title and most popular game, with the theme of robots fighting against computer viruses. Players choose from one of three basic BOTS and level up their character through gameplay and buying items with virtual credits called gigas. Three game modes exist for the game: Sector Battle, Player versus Player, and Base Battle. A Korean version of the game, called BOUT!! (Bots Of Unlimited Transformation), also existed and was nearly identical, but received new updates earlier than the American version. BOUT!! was intended to be originally released on Xbox, but ended up being solely released on PC.
Beta testing for BOTS!! began in March 2006. It received its full release in November 2006, eventually reaching 1 million players in May 2007. The online servers were shut down on August 27, 2010 following the purchase of Acclaim Games by Playdom and Disney's purchasing of Playdom for $763 million.
Game modes.
Sector Battle (PVE).
In Sector Battle mode, a team of up to eight players must face viruses in different levels. The level played is chosen by the party host from a list of levels numbered irregularly from 1 to 95, with the stipulation that the party host has completed the level before, or the level immediately before it. Each level gives different enemy viruses and obstacles, and every few levels fit a similar environment theme. Every level is segmented in to sections that must be cleared of enemies before proceeding. 
At the end of each level, a boss virus must be fought. Boss viruses are typically named after real-world malware such as Melissa (computer virus) or Code Red (computer worm), and have large special attacks. When a boss is successfully destroyed item crates may drop containing random armor pieces to use or sell to other players. Barrels scattered around the level can be destroyed and may contain an item crate or an enemy. The likelihood of an item appearing is based on the number of players in group or whether any of them have a "lucky" item attached. The reward is obtained by whichever player first reaches it, meaning that players who contributed little to the fight are able to receive the item, while a player who dealt the most damage or final blow to the boss might receive nothing.
The player who kills the most viruses is titled the "MVP" and receives a small experience bonus equal to the number of people in the group.
The player who deals the most damage to the boss and is hit the least is titled "Boss Killer No. 1" and also receives a small experience bonus. Bonus exp can also be received by wearing "coin" items bought with real money, at an increased rate of 2 experience points per coin item.
Elite Levels.
Elite levels occur in sector mode on level numbers ending in eight. These levels reward approximately twice the normal amount of experience and Gigas, but are also far more difficult than usual to complete. The bosses on these levels also have an increased chance of dropping a box.
Player Battle (PVP).
In Player versus Player (PVP) mode, up to eight players face off in a free-for-all fight in arena-style levels with a ten-minute time limit. The last player left alive is declared the winner. If the game ends because the time limit is reached, the game is declared a tie. If a player is killed, various colored fuel-canister shaped items called "Botstract" will fall from their body, which can be collected, but serve no purpose in the game.
Base Battle (BVB).
In Base Battle, or Base versus Base (BVB), two teams of up to four players fight each other with the goal of destroying the opposing team's base. Bases can be destroyed by damaging them with regular attacks. A base is guarded with automatic turrets that shoot at opposing players, as well as non-playable mercenaries that a player can purchase before the match. Players can be killed by other players or opposing non-playable mercenaries, and will respawn after a short time. Upon death, a player will lose a life and respawn with less health than the previous life. After five consecutive deaths, a player cannot respawn. Once all members of a team have been eliminated, the match will continue until the time limit is reached, a base is destroyed either by the opposing team or the eliminated team's mercenaries, or the other team is eliminated by quitting or falling off the edge of the level. When a base is destroyed, the game is ended and an additional gold bar may be dropped, which can be sold for gigas; and the game ends and experience and gigas are given out to the winning team.
Events.
Events occur on every weekend, and around holidays. Events include special modifiers applied to everybody, such as double experience, double gigas, extra coins per purchase, or the ability to receive reward items for logging for a specified number of days consecutively and obtaining an item crate drop. During events, a special boss can randomly appear in Sector mode, which has a higher rate of dropping item crates.
Transformations.
Upon the start of a match, a player's transformation bar starts filling up. After thirty seconds, the bar reaches full capacity, and the player has the option to transform into a larger and stronger robot. The type of robot that the player transforms into is dependent on the body armor piece the player is wearing. However, if a player had purchased a "transformation pack" from the store using gigas or coins, they are able to transform into more powerful robots with special attacks. Upon transforming, there is a small chance of getting a special transformation in which the player will transform into a boss virus from Sector battles.
Skills.
Skills are part of the Gear page on the shop menu, they are broken up into passive and active abilities, and can give the players an advantage in battle. For example, the active ability "Ion Wave" allows the player to punch the ground and send a shockwave of lethal projectiles to take out surrounding enemies. A passive ability is usually applied at all times, such as quick recharging of the player's transformation bar, but some passive skills such as "Counter Guard" could be used to counter player attacks. Skills must be equipped prior to starting a match, and have a limited number of matches where they can be used, before they are destroyed.
Coins.
A virtual currency called "coins" could be purchased using real-world money. Coins could be used to purchase premium in-game items, abilities, and transformations. These premium items were vastly superior and gave players a clear advantage, leading to controversy in Player versus Player and Base battle modes, as a player with an equal skill level would be dominated by player with premium items. All players who had opted to buy coins within the last 30 days of the game's lifespan were refunded in full.
Anti-Cheat.
BOTS uses nProtect GameGuard but because of its method of actuation, similar to a rootkit, it is criticized for being extremely invasive. The software installs a device driver which is difficult to uninstall; even uninstalling the game will still leave residual files on the system and remains active without the game installed. In later versions of the game, starting with revision 1007, GameGuard fails to halt when BOTS ends and continues to use computer resources and inject code into processes until the system is restarted. This is often unknown to the end-user, as GameGuard masks its CPU usage by hooking Windows system querying APIs. Anti-virus programs often conflict with nProtect GameGuard, as the program itself is detected by many programs as malware due to its aggressive protection methods.
Despite the aggressive protection of GameGuard, cheating was rampant in the latter half of the game's lifespan, allowing players to use rule-breaking programs to generate items, gain invincibility, teleport, and in extreme cases, mess with other player's game sessions to trip their own GameGuard program. The common use of game modding was a contributing factor to players leaving the game, and hurt the success of the game overall.

</doc>
<doc id="6986326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986326" title="Robot World">
Robot World

Robot World is the fourth album by the New Zealand band Bailter Space, released in 1993. It was their first full-length album to be officially released in the U.S., and was distributed by WEA under Matador's first major-label deal (with Warner Bros. Records).
It was recorded (no producer is listed in the album credits) at Writhe Recording in Wellington, New Zealand, except for "Get Lost", which was recorded by Chris Julian at Calliope in New York. All tracks were mixed by Bailter Space at Writhe in September 1992.
"EIP" and alternate version of "Robot World" were released on the "B.E.I.P." CD EP, along with two "Vortura" tracks, unreleased at the time.
Critical reception.
"The New York Times" deemed the album "a sleek, cool treasure of noise rock." "The Washington Post" noted that "'Begin' and 'Ore' are more exercises in rhythm-guitar tonalities than in melody or message."

</doc>
<doc id="6986327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986327" title="Ottoman-Russian War (1877-1878)">
Ottoman-Russian War (1877-1878)



</doc>
<doc id="6986331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986331" title="Caladenia tonellii">
Caladenia tonellii

Caladenia tonellii, commonly known as robust fingers, is a species of orchid endemic to Tasmania. It has a single, long, erect, hairy leaf and up to three bright pink flowers with brownish backs. It is a rare orchid which exists in low numbers.
Description.
"Caladenia tonellii" is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and which grows as single plants or in small, sometimes large groups. It has a single erect, sparsely hairy, dark green leaf, 120–250 mm long, 2.5-3.5 mm wide and with a reddish-purple base. The leaf often extends through the group of flowers. Up to three bright pink flowers with greenish backs and 25–38 mm long are borne on a stalk 200–350 mm tall. The dorsal sepal is 12–17 mm long, about 4 mm wide. The lateral sepals are 15–20 mm long, 3.5–6 mm wide, held horizontally and spread slightly apart from each other. The petals are 10–16 mm long, 3-4.5 mm wide and spread widely or turn slightly forwards.The labellum is 7–10 mm long and wide, white to pink with red bars and a yellow or orange tip. The sides of the labellum have lobes which are erect and partly enclose the column and the front part of the labellum has between 12 and 14 teeth on each side. The tip of the labellum is curved downward and there are about two irregular rows of calli up to 1 mm long, with orange or yellow tips, along the mid-line of the labellum between the lateral lobes. Flowering occurs from October to December.
Taxonomy and naming.
"Caladenia tonellii" was first described in 1998 by David Jones from a specimen collected near Latrobe and the description was published in "Australian Orchid Research". The specific epithet ("tonellii") honours Peter Tonelli, the former Manager of Parks and Reserves for the Latrobe Council and discoverer of this species.
Distribution and habitat.
Robust fingers is restricted to a few populations in the north of Tasmania where it grows under dense shrubs in open forest.
Conservation.
"Caladenia tonellii" is classified as "critically endangered" under the Commonwealth Government "Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999" (EPBC) Act and "endangered' under the Tasmanian "Threatened Species Protection Act 1995". When the species was given the EPBC listing, the total population of plants was estimated to be between 35 and 45 individuals. Since then, new populations have been discovered and an estimate in 2008 suggested that there are fewer than 250 mature plants. The population was probably much higher in the past but land clearing, especially for forestry, has dramatically reduced suitable habitat. Present threats to the species include inappropriate fire regimes, weed invasion and climate change.

</doc>
<doc id="6986332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986332" title="Colorblind (Candice Alley album)">
Colorblind (Candice Alley album)

Colorblind is the first album by Australian singer Candice Alley, released in Australia on 23 September 2003 by Universal Music Group. The album is a mix between an Alternative rock and pop songs – written and co-written by Alley and album producers John Holliday, Trevor Steel and Peter-John Vettese. The album debuted on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart outside the top fifty at number sixty-four and spent two weeks in the top one hundred. Two singles were released from the album in Australia; "Falling", became Alley's first top ten single and was nominated for an ARIA Award and "Dream the Day Away" was a minor hit just peaking in the top fifty.
Alley decided to start recording the album in February 2003 and went to London. She met with producers and songwriters John Holliday, Trevor Steel and Peter-John Vettese to help with the album, she found them clever and complex people and she thought it was nice that they listened to what she said. The album saw Alley writing songs with Holliday, Steel and Vettese, which is something she never does because she writes on her own and she prefers writing on her own.
Track listing.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Colorblind".

</doc>
<doc id="6986336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986336" title="Robust Fingers">
Robust Fingers



</doc>
<doc id="6986341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986341" title="Lamprospiza">
Lamprospiza



</doc>
<doc id="6986342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986342" title="Tanjung Piandang">
Tanjung Piandang

Tanjung Piandang ("Chinese: 角头") is a small town and mukim in Kerian District, Perak, Malaysia.
Geography.
The mukim consists of 15,696 residents and spans over an area of 40.76 km2.
Economy.
Its primary economic activities include fishing and paddy farming.

</doc>
<doc id="6986344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986344" title="M120">
M120

M120 or M-120 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6986347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986347" title="The War Within">
The War Within

The War Within may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6986351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986351" title="Chlorornis">
Chlorornis



</doc>
<doc id="6986355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986355" title="'Neath the Puke Tree">
'Neath the Puke Tree

Neath the Puke Tree is an EP by Bill Callahan (also known as Smog). It was released on Drag City in 2000.
Recorded by Brent "Sloth" Puncheon and Leah Baker, it includes remakes of previous work ("I Was a Stranger" from "Red Apple Falls" and "A Jar of Sand" from "Sewn to the Sky") as well as three new songs.
Charlie Gansa played guitar on the record; "Sloth" and Jim White played drums. White would return to play drums on "Supper" and "A River Ain't Too Much to Love".

</doc>
<doc id="6986357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986357" title="Compsothraupis">
Compsothraupis



</doc>
<doc id="6986359" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986359" title="Norman River, Queensland">
Norman River, Queensland



</doc>
<doc id="6986360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986360" title="Mitochondrial genetics">
Mitochondrial genetics



</doc>
<doc id="6986363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986363" title="Marginal branch of the right coronary artery">
Marginal branch of the right coronary artery



</doc>
<doc id="6986364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986364" title="Plymouth Brothers">
Plymouth Brothers



</doc>
<doc id="6986366" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986366" title="Belleek Pottery">
Belleek Pottery

Belleek Pottery Ltd is a porcelain company that began trading in 1884 as the "Belleek Pottery Works Company Ltd" in Belleek, County Fermanagh, Ireland in what was to later become Northern Ireland. The factory produces Parian ware that is characterised by its thinness, slightly iridescent surface and body formulated with a significant proportion of frit.
History.
Pottery in the Belleek region began around 1849, after John Caldwell Bloomfield inherited his father's estate. Seeking to provide employment for his tenants, who had been affected by the Great Famine, and being an amateur mineralogist, he ordered a geological survey of his land. On finding that the area was rich in minerals, Bloomfield went into partnership with London architect Robert Williams Armstrong and Dublin merchant David McBirney. In setting up a pottery business, Bloomfield managed to get a railway line built to Belleek so that coal could be delivered with which to fire kilns.
Building started on the pottery in 1858. Initially starting with domestic products, it wasn't until 1863 that small amounts of the Parian ware for which Belleek is famous for to this day, was successfully produced. By 1865, the prestige of the company had increased enough that its market included Australia, Canada, England, Ireland, and the United States, and customers included the Prince of Wales, Queen Victoria and the nobility.
The artist and poet Eugene Sheerin worked at Belleek Pottery in the late 19th century. A Belleek dish with a reproduction of his painting "Innocence" (1879) is on display at the Royal Victoria &amp; Albert museum London.
Acquisitions.
The original owners had all died by 1884, and a local group of investors acquired the concern and named it "Belleek Pottery Works Company Ltd". Master craftsmen Frederick Slater moved from England to Belleek in 1893 and by 1920 high quality porcelain was becoming the mainstay of the business. The company struggled throughout the First and Second World Wars, and concentrated on producing earthenware during these periods.
After the Second World War, Belleek Pottery stopped production of earthenware. The Pottery began the change from coal fired kilns to electric powered kilns from 1952. In 1983 the Industrial Development Board gave financial assistance to the company and installed Roger Troughton as the Managing Director. The following year Troughton made a successful bid for the sale of the company. In 1988, Dungannon-based Powerscreen International bought the company, and opened a visitor centre the following year.
Today.
The company changed ownership again in 1990. Dundalk-born US-based George G. Moore remains the owner, though the company is run locally by four directors. Since then Belleek Pottery has expanded its factory space, acquisitions of other companies, staff and turnover. Subsidiary companies now include Galway Crystal, Aynsley China and Donegal Parian China. It employs more than six hundred people and has an annual turnover of around £30 million.
According to their own website, annual production is more than 100,000 pieces.

</doc>
<doc id="6986369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986369" title="Sericossypha">
Sericossypha



</doc>
<doc id="6986372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986372" title="Polonezkoy">
Polonezkoy



</doc>
<doc id="6986380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986380" title="The Aim">
The Aim



</doc>
<doc id="6986382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986382" title="Adampol">
Adampol



</doc>
<doc id="6986386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986386" title="Xenodacnis">
Xenodacnis

Xenodacnis is a genus of warbler-like tanagers. They are found in highland forest in South America.
The two species placed in the genus are:

</doc>
<doc id="6986393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986393" title="Another Happy Ending">
Another Happy Ending

Another Happy Ending is the sixth album by Pittsburgh band The Clarks.
History.
The band's popularity continued to spread following the release of this album, as rock stations in Buffalo and Reading, Pennsylvania begin playing the record's lead single; however, Pittsburgh remained as the band's core fan base. The first single, "Hey You," was a highly emotional, beautifully-constructed song. Its sad, yet hopeful lyrics were inspired by the horrors of September 11, specifically the many World Trade Center workers who dove to their deaths from upper floors of the building. The other two hit songs were more upbeat—the mid-tempo "Boys Lie" and the excellent rhythm guitar song "On Saturday."

</doc>
<doc id="6986397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986397" title="Giacomo Laderchi">
Giacomo Laderchi

Giacomo Laderchi (c. 1678 – 25 April 1738) was an Italian Oratorian and ecclesiastical historian.
Biography and works.
He was born at Faenza near Ravenna, and died in Rome.
He is chiefly known for his continuation of the "Annals" of Cardinal Caesar Baronius and Odorico Raynaldi, which he brought down from the year 1566 to 1571. His contribution, though of some usefulness, is not sufficiently critical and is encumbered with numerous unimportant documents. It appeared in Rome (1728–1737), and extends from volume XXXV to volume XXXVII in the latest edition of Baronius (Bar-le-Duc, 1864–83).
Laderchi was also the author of several other historical -hagiographical- works, two of which involved him in heated literary controversies. His voluminous "Life of St. Peter Damian" (Vita Sancti Petri Damiani, Rome, 1702) was mercilessly but excessively criticized in an anonymous work entitled: "Sejani et Rufini dialogus de Laderchiana historia S. Petri Damiani" (Paris, 1705).
When he published his edition of the "Acts of the martyrdom of St. Crescus and companions" (Acta passionis SS. Cresci et sociorum martyrum, Florence, 1707), the Servite G. Caspassi attacked their authenticity and trustworthiness in a letter to the Roman scholar Fontanini. The letter fell into the hands of Laderchi, who published it with a refutation. This elicited a vehement answer from Capassi under the title "Nugæ Laderchianæ" (Genoa, 1709). The ecclesiastical authorities seem to have put an end to the controversy; both works were placed on the Index Librorum Prohibitorum on 22 June 1712. These controversies probably occasioned the composition of "La Critica d'oggidi" by Laderchi (Rome, 1726).
He was also the author of the following works: 

</doc>
<doc id="6986399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986399" title="Cardinal Caesar Baronius">
Cardinal Caesar Baronius



</doc>
<doc id="6986403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986403" title="Odorico Raynaldus">
Odorico Raynaldus



</doc>
<doc id="6986404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986404" title="Raymond Bradley">
Raymond Bradley



</doc>
<doc id="6986407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986407" title="Peer to mail">
Peer to mail



</doc>
<doc id="6986409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986409" title="Guilty as Charged (Extreme Championship Wrestling event)">
Guilty as Charged (Extreme Championship Wrestling event)



</doc>
<doc id="6986411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986411" title="Floating (EP)">
Floating (EP)



</doc>
<doc id="6986413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986413" title="She Must and Shall Go Free">
She Must and Shall Go Free

She Must and Shall Go Free is the first solo studio album by the singer-songwriter Derek Webb following his 2003 departure from Caedmon's Call. Named for the last line of a 175-year-old hymn written by William Gadsby, according to Webb, the album "is an emphatic statement about the liberation and ultimate security of the people of God -- the church." A result of Webb's questioning his role in the "church" and its role in culture, it is a poignant and challenging look at what it means to pursue faith in today's church-laden culture.
Background.
After touring with Caedmon's Call for ten years, Webb's first solo record was an effort to ask and answer questions about the church, one's role in it and its role in culture. He further elaborated, "After ten years in a Christian band, backstage in the music industry and in the hallways of church buildings across America, my attention as a songwriter has turned to a fresh affection for the Church. It seems we know all too little of who She is, how She should dress, or what She was made for. I have found that Scripture is provocative when it comes to these issues and so these songs are not for the faint of heart. Truth is, God would rather die than be without Her, and She is both wretched and radiant. I’m convinced that there is only one righteousness suitable for Jesus’s bride, and He is jealous for Her love. For the believer, truth is freedom. Even truth that is hard to hear. May these songs stir all of us to see, as if for the first time, that we have (still) a great need for a Savior, and a great Savior for our need."
Reception.
"She Must and Shall Go Free" received acclaim six critics who reviewed it. The album received four five-star and/or ten-star perfect ratings from "Christianity Today", "Cross Rhythms", "New Release Tuesday" and "The Phantom Tollbooth". Russ Breimeier of "Christianity Today" cautioned that "It should be mentioned that "She Must and Shall Go Free" is worded so passionately, some might initially react negatively to it", but noted, "Perhaps most admirable is Derek's tone, which despite his strong criticisms of religion, is very humble. Derek tempers his points nicely with perspective, often pointing the finger at himself and allowing the listeners to convict themselves if the shoe fits – just don't be surprised to find that one size fits all. There's an urgent need for the Christian church to hear the bold and convicting songs of Derek Webb. With a message you need to hear and an album you'll want to hear, "She Must and Shall Go Free" is already a surefire contender for one of the best albums of 2003." Mike Rimmer of "Cross Rhythms" wrote, "It's a shame that one of the most important albums of 2003 will probably go largely unnoticed in the general Christian music scene. Why so? Because rather than penning a pile of soft songs about love and grace, Derek Webb has chosen to write songs of such powerful prophetic intention that it's impossible not to be challenged. The former Caedmon's Call member tackles head on the state of the Church, its corruption and God’s unchanging sacrificial love. Lyrically a lot of these songs are speaking to the listener from God's perspective and it's not always a comfortable listen and yet it's essential that we are creating music that speaks honestly and creatively about realities." Kevin Davis of "New Release Tuesday" describked how the album's contents "are all can't miss songs and this is one of my favorite albums ever". Brian A. Smith of "The Phantom Tollbooth" wrote, "With many quality guests (Jars of Clay, Sandra McCracken) and outstanding songwriting, "She Shall and Must Go Free" is my early nominee for album of the year. Webb achieves a rarity in music by producing a superior solo effort to that of his former group's recordings."
The album had a half-star deduction from five by Steve Losey of "AllMusic", who wrote, "What Webb has accomplished with the opus is a grand statement about love, the church, and life through the eyes of a man that humbly serves Christ". Losey added, "The tune is sung from Christ's perspective, relaying the need for believers to uplift the church body. The tune is a fitting end to the opus as a piano melody is bolstered by swelling harmonies between Webb and his wife, Sandra McCracken. "She Must and Shall Go Free" is easily one of the best-written releases of the year. Its richness and worshipful tone could win Webb Artist of the Year honors." Ron of "Jesus Freak Hideout" gave it four- stars out of five, and he alluded to how he's "...seen this album bring people to tears because of its sheer beauty and brutal honesty rolled into one. Thank you, Derek for pushing Christian Music into this realm." He cautioned, "Don't be turned off by the album's country finger-picking style in the beginning seconds of the album. While at first the musical tone of the album might seem hokey or mellow, the lyrics are far from that. Webb takes a bold step lyrically in calling the church out of its comfort zone".
It is notable for causing controversy in contemporary Christian music circles. Some Christian retailers refused to stock the album for its use of "strong" language. One of the songs that was the basis for controversy was "Wedding Dress", where Webb describes himself as a "whore" who puts Christ "on like a wedding dress", in an effort to portray how often it is difficult to remain faithful to the indelible but trustworthy God when there are so many tangible and fleeting pleasures available in the present. "Saint and Sinner" was also a point of contention due to the original line, "I used to be a damned mess but now I look just fine, 'Cause you dressed me up and we drank the finest wine". The word "damned" was removed from the final version of the album, at the request of two major Christian retailers.

</doc>
<doc id="6986416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986416" title="Hispanoamerica">
Hispanoamerica



</doc>
<doc id="6986417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986417" title="Creation (Japanese band)">
Creation (Japanese band)

 is a Japanese rock band led by guitarist/singer Kazuo Takeda. Formed as in Tokyo in January 1969, they were the country's first blues band before adopting a more blues rock sound in 1971. That year, they simultaneously released the albums "Demon &amp; Eleven Children" and "Carmen Maki/Blues Creation", the latter being a collaboration with female vocalist Carmen Maki. Both albums have been credited with pioneering Japanese rock. After briefly disbanding, the band returned as simply Creation in 1972. They continued to tour, including becoming the first Japanese band to tour the United States and the first Japanese rock band to play the Nippon Budokan, and produce albums until disbanding in 1984. Since 2005, Takeda periodically returns to Japan and performs with musicians as Creation.
History.
Blues Creation (1969–1972).
Blues Creation was formed in January 1969 by guitarists Kazuo Takeda and Koh Eiryu and singer Fumio Nunoya following the dissolution of their group sounds band . Its early lineup was fluid, with musicians coming and going. Takeda said the band was formed to fulfill his desire to play nothing but blues, and as such, has proclaimed that they were the first Japanese blues band. However, he would later acknowledge that they were not very strict on sticking to the genre. Takeda wanted the band's name to have the word "blues" in it, and to not have an "s" at the end like most groups of the time. "Creation" was chosen simply because he liked the sound of the word. With most members just 16- or 17-years-old, Blues Creation took a train to Hachinohe on January 1, 1969, to conduct their first, month-long tour. Hiromi Ohsawa was the vocalist at this time.
Although general Japanese audiences did not listen to the blues, Blues Creation gained some respect from people in the music industry after they started gigging in Shinjuku. After seeing them play live, the producer of The Tigers signed them to Polydor Records and they began recording their first album after only three months together as a band. Takeda said that Japanese record labels at the time were searching for something new; "A band that would play a new type of music and we were there. We were at the right time, at the right place with enough [mystique] around us and the label decided to give it a go." Blues Creation released their self-titled debut album in October 1969. Choosing songs that Nunoya could sing well, it consists entirely of American blues covers, including "Checkin' Up on My Baby", "Smokestack Lightnin'", "Spoonful" and "All Your Love". Takeda estimated that it was recorded in only two days, around 16 hours in total. After its release, the band went through a number of lineup changes, including the departures of Nunoya and drummer Shinichi Tashiro. Nunoya later said, "We couldn't really play! (laughs) I wanted to do stuff that was more out there", and went on to form a band called Dew. The vocalist position was filled by the return of Ohsawa. After Tashiro introduced the band to his replacement, Masayuki Higuchi, in late 1970 or early 1971, the band gradually changed to a more blues rock style and Takeda started writing original songs.
With Masashi Saeki on bass, Blues Creation signed to Nippon Columbia's Denon label, and Takeda said their producer gave them a lot of freedom to record. August 1971 saw the simultaneous release of "Demon &amp; Eleven Children" and "Carmen Maki/Blues Creation". Recorded in immediate succession, the former is the band's first album of original material and the latter is a collaboration with female vocalist Carmen Maki. According to Takeda, former folk singer Maki had gotten to know Blues Creation in early 1971, and when her record contract expired, every major record label was trying to sign her, but she turned them all down in order to play rock music. Nippon Columbia was one of these desperate to sign the singer, so Takeda and company picked material from Maki's daily listening records and wrote some original songs for her. Tomoyuki Hokari of "OK Music" has cited both "Demon &amp; Eleven Children" and "Carmen Maki/Blues Creation" as having laid the foundation for Japanese rock. AllMusic's Eduardo Rivadavia writes that the former album achieved "legendary status" decades later for its "primal, proto-metallic acid rock". Takeda said that Blues Creation played so many gigs and rock festivals between 1970 and 1971, that everyone in the band was burned out by the summer of 1971. They disbanded at the end of the year. Higuchi quickly formed the band Oz with Maki. Takeda formed the very short-lived power trio Bloody Circus with bassist Shigeru Matsumoto and drummer Masami Naito (who later joined Carmen Maki &amp; Oz in 1975), before he and Matsumoto moved to London, England.
Creation (1972–1984, 2005–present).
Takeda returned to Japan after about six months, and regrouped with Matsumoto, Higuchi and Ohsawa in 1972. No longer sticking to one genre, but also not wanting to start from scratch, they dropped "Blues" from the name and called their new group simply "Creation". When Ohsawa left in 1973, Takeda took over lead vocal duties and Yoshiaki Iijima joined as second guitarist. They continuously played and wrote material for three years, including working as Yuya Uchida's backing band. Their self-titled album was released in 1975, with Uchida producing and a cover photo of a dozen nude boys full-frontal urinating. After having opened for his band Mountain in 1973 and playing with him at a 1975 festival, Takeda befriended American bassist Felix Pappalardi. Pappalardi ended up helping Creation with their second album and invited them to his Nantucket, Massachusetts home, where they recorded together at New York's Bearsville Studios. Pappalardi became a lead singer of the band, with songs being written mostly by him, his wife Gail Collins Pappalardi and Takeda. The resulting album, "Creation/Felix Pappalardi", was released in April 1976, and together they toured the US. The concerts included acts such as Kiss, Yes and Johnny Winter, while the following year's tour of Australia featured Fleetwood Mac and Santana. That year they also became the first Japanese rock band to hold a solo concert at the Nippon Budokan.
Splitting with Pappalardi, Creation released the Uchida-produced album "Pure Electric Soul" in 1977, once again featuring a cover with nude boys, this time at the front of a bus. It was ranked number 62 on "Rolling Stone Japan"s 2007 list of the greatest Japanese rock albums of all time, while its song "Spinning Toe-Hold" was named the 37th best guitar instrumental by "Young Guitar Magazine" in 2019. A lifelong fan of professional wrestling, Takeda titled the song after the signature move of Dory Funk Jr., whom he was a fan of. Dory and his brother Terry went on to use the song as their entrance music.
In 1980, the Creation lineup was overhauled, with Ai Takano joining as lead vocalist. Their fifth album, "The Land of the Rising Sun", was released that May. The band's April 1981 single "Lonely Heart" was used as the ending theme song of the TV show "Pro Hunter" and became a nationwide hit, reaching number 8 on the Oricon Singles Chart, selling nearly 380,000 copies in 29 weeks, and earning the group appearances on shows such as "The Best Ten". It was also the first release where their name was spelled in Japanese. Takeda explained that the president of their production company was into onomancy and said the different spelling would sell better. Although he does not believe in such things, Takeda said he could not resist when the single actually became a hit. After 12 years, Creation ended activities in October 1984. Takeda later said he simply wanted to try something new with a new band, which was Takeda Kazuo &amp; Boys on Rocks, active from 1987 to 1991.
Kazuo Takeda has released many solo albums and works as a session guitarist in Los Angeles after moving there in March 1997. He attributes his further musical development to his friendship with Pappalardi who encouraged him to branch out into jazz and other styles. In 2002, he began producing albums for Hong Kong bluesman Tommy Chung. Takeda resumed activities as Creation at the Crossover Japan event at Yoyogi National Gymnasium in 2005. In 2008, Blues Creation reunited for a one-night only concert at JCB Hall in Tokyo. Creation released "Resurrection", its first album in 30 years, in 2014. As of 2023, Takeda returns to Japan twice a year, in the spring and the fall, to perform with Creation and his solo band Flash Kaz &amp; The Comets. Similar to the early days of Blues Creation, former members and guest studio musicians who played on their albums rotate in and out of Creation.

</doc>
<doc id="6986418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986418" title="CPR Bridge (Saskatoon)">
CPR Bridge (Saskatoon)

The CPR Bridge is a Canadian railway bridge that spans the South Saskatchewan River in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
The bridge was built by the Canadian Pacific Railway in 1908 and is referred to by locals as the CPR Bridge or CP Railway Bridge, or simply the Train Bridge or Railway Bridge. The city's second rail bridge, to avoid confusion, is generally known as the Grand Trunk Bridge or CN Railway Bridge; that second bridge opened several months before the CPR Bridge. With the demolition of the city's original Traffic Bridge in 2016 (it was subsequently replaced by a new structure), the CPR Bridge became the second-oldest surviving bridge in the city.
The CPR Bridge is part of the CP rail line to its Sutherland rail yards. It is unusual for a rail bridge in that it includes a pedestrian walkway, which was added in 1909. It allows users to cross between the west side of the bridge, adjacent to the Meewasin Valley trails, and the east side, near Innovation Place Research Park. The bridge stands above the river.
Originally, the City of Saskatoon asked that the bridge be designed so that a single lane of vehicular traffic could be added later. However, this plan was abandoned and the University Bridge was instead built upstream.
The bridge is referred to on page 1 of Farley Mowat's 1961 novella, "Owls in the Family"; Mowat refers to the bridge by a variation of its nickname, The Railroad Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="6986419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986419" title="List of Freedom Fighter members">
List of Freedom Fighter members



</doc>
<doc id="6986423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986423" title="Latinoamerica">
Latinoamerica



</doc>
<doc id="6986425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986425" title="Odorigo Rinaldi">
Odorigo Rinaldi



</doc>
<doc id="6986426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986426" title="Latinoamerican">
Latinoamerican



</doc>
<doc id="6986449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986449" title="Haka in popular culture">
Haka in popular culture



</doc>
<doc id="6986453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986453" title="Spaceketeers">
Spaceketeers



</doc>
<doc id="6986454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986454" title="Little (surname)">
Little (surname)

Little is a surname in the English language. The name is derived from the Middle English "littel" and the Old English "lȳtel", which means "little". In some cases, the name was originally a nickname for a little man. In other cases, the name was used to distinguish the younger of two bearers of the same personal name. Early records of the name include: "Litle", in 972; "Litle", in about 1095; and "le Lytle", in 1296. The surname has absorbed several non English-language surnames. For example, "Little" is sometimes a translation of the Irish "Ó Beagáin", meaning "descendant of "Beagán"". "Little" can also be a translation of the French "Petit" and "Lepetit", as well as other surnames in various languages with the same meaning ("little"), especially the German name Klein during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="6986459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986459" title="Camp Lake National Wildlife Refuge">
Camp Lake National Wildlife Refuge

Camp Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) in the U.S. state of North Dakota. The refuge is an Easement refuge that is entirely on privately owned land, but the landowners and U.S. Government work cooperatively to protect the resources. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service oversees Camp Lake NWR from offices at Audubon National Wildlife Refuge.

</doc>
<doc id="6986461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986461" title="QLD Premier Rugby">
QLD Premier Rugby



</doc>
<doc id="6986462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986462" title="Survival tobita">
Survival tobita



</doc>
<doc id="6986471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986471" title="2006 Minnesota's 5th congressional district election">
2006 Minnesota's 5th congressional district election

The 2006 Minnesota's 5th congressional district election was an election for the United States House of Representatives for the open seat of incumbent Martin Olav Sabo (DFL), who retired after serving the Minneapolis-based district for 28 years.
Sabo, who had rarely faced a serious electoral challenge, won reelection with 70% of the vote in 2004 in a district that went for John Kerry by 71% in the presidential election. The seat had elected candidates of the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party (DFL) since 1962 and was rated "Safe Democratic" by CQ Politics.
Sabo's surprising announcement in March 2006 prompted many area Democrats to enter the race. While state representative Keith Ellison received the party's endorsement, he was not backed by Sabo and faced stiff primary competition from former Sabo aide Mike Erlandson, among others. Having won the primary, Ellison handily defeated Republican nominee, business consultant Alan Fine, and the Independence nominee, businesswoman Tammy Lee, in the general election.
Democratic-Farmer-Labor primary.
DFL endorsement.
Before Sabo announced his retirement, he was already being challenged for the party endorsement by professor and anti-Iraq War activist Jack Nelson-Pallmeyer. Nelson-Pallmeyer's campaign was considered to have little to no chance of succeeding. When Sabo announced his retirement several candidates entered the race, seeking the DFL endorsement to replace him. Hennepin County commissioner Gail Dorfman announced her campaign for the seat on March 21, 2006, becoming the first woman to enter the campaign, and assumed the status of one of the frontrunners due to her strong fundraising record.
At the district convention in May, state representative Keith Ellison won the DFL endorsement after four ballots. Ellison winning the endorsement was considered a surprise, as election analysts had predicted a close race between him, Dorfman and former DFL chair Mike Erlandson, but instead Ellison came away with a convincing margin of victory, with Dorfman in second and Erlandson in fourth, behind Nelson-Pallmeyer. After being heckled by delegates for refusing to commit to endorsing the winner of the convention, Erlandson left the building and decided to run in the primary anyway. This action angered DFL chair Brian Melendez, who accused Erlandson of disloyalty.
Primary election.
In the September primary, the retiring Sabo backed Erlandson. Ellison and Erlandson were joined by state senator Ember Reichgott Junge and Minneapolis City Councillor Paul Ostrow in the primary race, along with several minor candidates.
Junge was widely considered the most moderate candidate, and her campaign was largely focused around healthcare, while Ellison was focused on turning out traditionally overlooked voters, like Somali Americans and members of the LGBT community. However, Ellison's campaign suffered from numerous controversies, such as revelations that he had failed to pay back parking tickets, and that in the early 90s he had written articles praising the Nation of Islam. Erlandson attacked both Ellison and Junge, drawing attention to the controversies Ellison had been involved in, and criticising Junge for numerous votes she had made while a state senator and for being the Minnesota chair of Joe Lieberman's 2004 presidential campaign. Erlandson also emphasised his supposed ability to work with other elected Democrats in order to pass legislation. Ellison went on to win the September 12 primary with 41% of the vote.
Republican primary.
Despite the heavy Democratic lean of the 5th district, Republicans were hopeful that with Sabo's retirement, their candidate would perform well. Before Sabo announced his retirement, two Republicans had already announced campaigns, Tim Anderson and James Turnham. However, by May 3, both had dropped out, with Turnham citing "some unfortunate circumstances" as his reason for doing so, paving the way for business consultant Alan Fine to receive the party's nomination. Viewed as a moderate Republican, Fine was pro-choice, and his campaign was noted in its early days for its gentleness, with Fine himself often playing the piano at campaign events.
General election.
Campaign.
Following Ellison's victory in the DFL primary, Fine and Lee immediately started campaigning. Ellison promised to run a campaign on the "issues", and accused his opponents of attempting to steer the conversation towards his controversies because "on the issues they're in... big trouble". Ellison also attempted to de-emphasise his religion while campaigning. Fine's campaign largely focused on Ellison's past ties to the Nation of Islam and Louis Farrakhan, while Lee's campaign emphasised her fiscal centrism, declaring that Fine was too conservative to beat Ellison. In contrast to Fine and Lee, Pond declared that Ellison was insufficiently liberal, stating that he had not been fast enough to denounce the Iraq War. However, Pond largely failed to gain traction, which was attributed to Ellison's staunch progressivism drawing off left-wing support that Pond might otherwise have received.
In contrast to the genial tone his campaign had taken during the primaries, Fine's general election campaign took a staunchly combative turn. Special attention was drawn to Fine's comments after Ellison had won the primary, when he stated "I’m extremely concerned about Keith Ellison, Keith Hakim, Keith X Ellison, Keith Ellison Muhammad", referring to various pseudonyms Ellison had used when he was in college. These remarks were seen by some as racist, and one of Fine's brothers, Robert Fine, wrote a letter to Ellison denouncing his brother's comments. Fine's campaign was also wracked by allegations that he had abused his former wife in 1995, first revealed in a story by "Star Tribune" reporter Rochelle Olson. Fine strongly denied the allegations, claiming that Olson had ties to Ellison, and accused the "Star Tribune" of trying to "rig the election".
Lee capitalized on Ellison's controversies by securing endorsements from a coalition of Minnesota Democrats, including Kathleen Anderson, Sabo's long-time district director. Anderson labelled Ellison a "scofflaw" and stated that Lee was the only candidate "honorable" enough to carry on Sabo's legacy. Lee's campaign was largely focused around winning voters in the more moderate, suburban area of South Minneapolis. As the campaign continued, Lee was widely considered to be in second place, and several Republican officials attempted to convince Fine to drop out of the race in order to prevent the anti-Ellison vote from being split, but he refused.
Media coverage of the race outside of Minnesota largely focused around Ellison's status as the possible first Muslim member of the United States Congress. This focus was criticised both by Ellison's campaign and by "Columbia Journalism Review", which found that the media was shoehorning Ellison's religion into articles where it was not relevant, and that the media was not giving anything other than a surface-level depiction of Islam, noting that only the "St. Petersburg Times" had stated whether Ellison was a Shia or Sunni in their coverage. In contrast, "Columbia Journalism Review" praised the "Star Tribune"s coverage of the race, finding that it was more substantial than the coverage in newspapers based outside of Minnesota. Fine strongly criticised the media's coverage of the race, stating that they had not covered Ellison's controversies enough and that they were not discussing the political positions of the candidates.
Sabo's support.
During the primary run, departing Representative Sabo had endorsed and donated money to the campaign of his longtime chief of staff, Mike Erlandson. When Ellison won the primary and his campaign manager contacted him, Sabo said that he "wouldn't be supporting anyone in the race". Sabo donated funds to the general election campaigns of many Minnesota Democrats, including Coleen Rowley, Patty Wetterling, Tim Walz, and Amy Klobuchar, but none to Ellison. Several Democrats were disappointed with Sabo's refusal to endorse Ellison. Sabo allowed a picture of himself with Lee to be used in her campaign literature, and in response to this an anonymous individual set up a site designed to look like Lee's campaign website, wherein they accused Sabo of being motivated by racism in his refusal to endorse Ellison. This website was later revealed to have been created by activist Chris Stewart, who in 2006 was elected to the Minneapolis Board of Education.
Debates.
There were several debates held over the course of the race, along with numerous forums.
On October 17 two debates were held on the same night, one hosted by Air America and one hosted by the Beth El synagogue. All four major candidates on the ballot were invited to the Air America debate, though Fine did not attend. Pond was not invited to the Beth El debate, though he did attend it as a member of the audience, and upon seeing him Ellison and Lee escorted him onto the stage in order for him to participate. However, the debate officials refused to allow him to do so, and Pond returned to his seat. In an analysis of the Beth El debate, journalist and blogger David Zingler stated that Fine was the "least impressive" debater, finding that he was answering questions with "rambling dissertations that border on incoherent".
Shortly prior to the fourth debate, which was held by several student groups at the University of Minnesota, Julian Santana, who was running a write-in campaign for the seat as the nominee of the Socialist Workers Party, unexpectedly showed up, and was allowed to participate. Lee was widely regarded as the winner of the debate, though Pond was also regarded as having a strong performance.
Reactions.
Ellison's victory made him the first Muslim member of congress, as well as the first African-American congressman from Minnesota. Ellison's win was positively received by Muslim communities in the United States, who viewed it as an affirmation of their ability to advance politically. Incumbent congressman Sabo congratulated Ellison on his victory, stating "He has a big task in front of him and I wish him well". Sabo also cautioned Ellison against letting his high-profile status become a liability. After his victory, Ellison was denounced by users on the salafist message board Al-Hesbah, who deemed him "the first Jewish Muslim that goes to Congress" and "[a] one-way ticket to hell". Ellison announced that he would use a Quran when being sworn into his seat, a decision which led to the Quran oath controversy of the 110th United States Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="6986472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986472" title="Índio (footballer, born 1975)">
Índio (footballer, born 1975)

Marcos Antônio de Lima (born 14 February 1975), commonly known as Índio, is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a centre-back. He spent most of his career for Internacional.

</doc>
<doc id="6986475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986475" title="D'Marco Farr">
D'Marco Farr

D'Marco Marcellus Farr (born June 9, 1971) is an American former professional football player who was a defensive tackle for the Los Angeles/St. Louis Rams of the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Rams from 1994 to 2000 and recorded 36.5 career sacks. He was a member of the Rams team that won Super Bowl XXXIV. He became a sideline reporter for the Los Angeles Rams.
Early life and college.
Farr played high school football at John F. Kennedy High School in Richmond, California. In college, he was a member of the undefeated 1991 University of Washington team that won the CNN/"USA Today" NCAA National Championship.
NFL career.
Farr was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Los Angeles Rams out of the University of Washington in 1994. He had his best season in 1995 when he recorded 11.5 sacks and 1 interception. Farr recorded 8.5 sacks in the Rams' 1999 Super Bowl season.
 Farr was cut by the Rams after the 2000–01 season.
Broadcasting.
After his playing career ended, Farr became a regular on the sports talk show "The Best Damn Sports Show Period" on Fox Sports Net. He has remained on FSN as a co-host of the network's college football coverage.
From 2005 until September 2007, Farr hosted the "D'Marco Farr Show" with Kevin Kiley on KSPN in Los Angeles.
 On September 21, 2007, co-host Kevin Kiley announced that Farr had "retired from sports radio" to "pursue opportunities in professional football".
Previously, until November 2006, Farr was the co-host with Gary Miller; however, Miller was fired and replaced by guest hosts until January 2007, when Kevin Kiley joined the show as co-host.
 Farr was a part of the St. Louis Rams broadcasts, doing TV color commentary for KTVI FOX 2 in the preseason, and providing analysis for radio broadcasts during the season, previously for 103.3 KLOU, and from 2008 until 2016, 101.1 WXOS.
He was also a part of the station's afternoon drive program, The Fast Lane, with Randy Karraker and former St. Louis Cardinals pitcher Brad Thompson. From 2009 until 2016, Farr was the lead color commentator for the Rams Radio broadcasts on 101 ESPN. He replaced former coach Jim Hanifan. On August 5, 2016, Farr announced he was leaving 101.1 FM and joining the Los Angeles Rams broadcasting team on KSPN Los Angeles (which consists of J.B. Long and Maurice Jones-Drew).

</doc>
<doc id="6986485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986485" title="Konaseema Floods">
Konaseema Floods



</doc>
<doc id="6986489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986489" title="List of Puerto Ricans missing in action in the Vietnam War">
List of Puerto Ricans missing in action in the Vietnam War

The United States Department of Defense estimated that approximately there were 18 Puerto Ricans missing in action in the Vietnam War, from a total of 2,338 people that were listed as Missing in Action. This total, with the exception of PFC. Jose Ramon Sanchez, does not include people of Puerto Rican descent born in the mainland of the United States.
Puerto Rico was officially ceded to the United States from Spain under the terms of the 1898 Treaty of Paris which concluded the Spanish–American War. It is a United States territory and upon the outbreak of World War I, the U.S. Congress approved the Jones–Shafroth Act, which granted Puerto Ricans citizenship. As a result, Puerto Ricans have participated in every war involving the United States from World War I onward.
Thousands of Puerto Ricans participated in these wars. Many lived and returned to their homeland, others were less fortunate and either died as a result of a hostile enemy action or were listed as MIA (Missing In Action). Missing In Action (abbreviated MIA) is a term (dating from 1946) referring to a member of the armed services who is reported missing following a combat mission and whose status as to injury, capture, or death is unknown. The missing combatant must not have been otherwise accounted for as either killed in action or a prisoner of war. The Vietnam War was one of two wars (the other was the Korean War) which accounted for the most Puerto Ricans missing in action.
Vietnam War.
The Vietnam War was between the Democratic Republic of Vietnam (DRVN, or North Vietnam) and the Republic of Vietnam (RVN, or South Vietnam), which eventually involved their respective allies. In 1959, the United States sent military advisors to train the South Vietnamese Army. By 1965, there were 25,000 military advisors in South Vietnam.." The United States participation in the war continued to escalate until April 30, 1975 when the United States officially declared the war over. During the Vietnam War, an estimated 48,000 Puerto Ricans served in the four branches of the armed forces. Of a total of 345 Puerto Ricans who died in combat, 18 were listed as MIA's. They were all members of the Army with the exceptions of First Lieutenant Jose Hector Ortiz who was the only Puerto Rican MIA member of the United States Air Force and PFC Jose R. Sanchez who was a member of the United States Marine Corps. Of the 18 Puerto Rican MIA's, PFC. Humberto Acosta-Rosario is the only one whose body has never been recovered and is currently still listed as Missing In Action. Friendly forces captured documents from the Vietnam People's Army 7th Infantry Division dated August 23, 1968. The documents were analyzed by US intelligence agencies. The reports documented that Humberto Acosta-Rosario was in fact captured by NVA forces during the battle near the Ben Cui Rubber Plantation. However, the US military chose not to upgrade his status to Prisoner of War.
Acosta-Rosario's name was listed in the USG's (United States Government) "Last Known Alive" list. This list was released by the U.S. Government in April 1991 and it contains the names of Prisoners of War and Missing in Action who were known to be alive in enemy hands and for whom there is no evidence that he or she died in captivity. In March 1978, Acosta-Rosario was declared dead/body not recovered based on a presumptive finding of death.
PFC. Humberto Acosta-Rosario was posthumously promoted to the rank of Staff Sergeant. His name is on panel 47W, line 030 of the Vietnam Memorial Wall in Washington, D.C., and he is also list in El Monumento de la Recordacion located in San Juan, Puerto Rico. There is a headstone with his name inscribed Plot: MB 0 6 of Puerto Rican National Cemetery in Bayamon, Puerto Rico.
Puerto Ricans Missing In Action.
The following is a list with the names, ranks, date and place of birth and the date that the person was listed as MIA:
Their names are inscribed on both the Vietnam Veterans Memorial located in Washington, D.C., and in El Monumento de la Recordación (the Wall of Remembrance) located in San Juan, Puerto Rico.

</doc>
<doc id="6986492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986492" title="Piranga">
Piranga

Piranga is a genus of birds long placed in the tanager family, but now considered members of the family Cardinalidae. The genus name "Piranga" is from Tupi word "tijepiranga", the name for an unknown small bird.
Similar in shape and habits to the true tanagers, their coloration betrays their actual relationships. They are essentially red, orange, or yellow all over, except the tail and wings, and in some species also the back. Such extensive lipochrome coloration (except on the belly) is very rare in true tanagers, but is widespread among the Cardinalidae.
These songbirds are found high in tree canopies, and are not very gregarious in their breeding areas. "Piranga" species pick insects from leaves, or sometimes in flight. They also take some fruit. Several species are migratory, breeding in North America and wintering in the tropics.
Taxonomy and species list.
The genus "Piranga" was introduced by the French ornithologist Louis Pierre Vieillot in 1808 with the summer tanager ("Piranga rubra") as the type species. The genus name "Piranga" is from the Tupi "Tijepiranga", the name for an unknown small bird.

</doc>
<doc id="6986494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986494" title="Bond University Rugby Club">
Bond University Rugby Club

The Bond University Rugby Club is an Australian rugby union football club that competes in the Queensland Premier Rugby competition. The club is based at the Bond University campus on Queensland's Gold Coast.
Bond University entered into a partnership in 2013 with the Gold Coast Breakers team that had played in the Premier Rugby competition since 1997. After the Breakers disbanded following the 2013 season, a restructured club under the Bond University name was established for the 2014 season.
History.
The Gold Coast Eagles, who became the founding club of the GCDRU, played one season in the Brisbane first grade premiership in 1968 before returning to the Queensland Sub-district competition. Almost three decades passed before a Gold Coast team played in the first grade premiership again.
Gold Coast Breakers.
In the 1990s, a group of businessmen including Terry Jackman and former Wallaby Greg Cornelsen approached the QRU about forming a team on the Gold Coast to join the first grade premiership. The aim was to cater for the talented local players who were commuting to Brisbane to play in the stronger competition. The Gold Coast Breakers team was established in 1996 as an offshoot from the Gold Coast District Rugby Union. The Breakers joined the QRU first grade competition in 1997, and won the premiership in 2004 under the coaching guidance of Alec Evans.
At the start of the 2013 season, the Breakers entered into a partnership with Bond University, with access to the university's high-performance sports facilities and sports fields. The club relocated to the Bond campus at Varsity Lakes in 2013.
Bond University.
The Bond University Rugby Club was established in 2013. After a reduction in funding from the Australian Rugby Union to the premier clubs following the 2013 season, the Gold Coast Breakers were forced to disband. The team was reformed under the Bond University name, with about three-quarters of the players from the Breakers joining with Bond in a revamped structure for the 2014 Premier Rugby season.
Premiership finals results.
Gold Coast Breakers (1997–2013)

</doc>
<doc id="6986496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986496" title="California State Polytechnic University, Pomona College of Business Administration">
California State Polytechnic University, Pomona College of Business Administration



</doc>
<doc id="6986504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986504" title="Telescope (TV series)">
Telescope (TV series)

Telescope is a Canadian documentary series which aired on CBC Television between 1963 and 1973. The series was hosted by Fletcher Markle, which profiled notable Canadian people from celebrities to the unknown, who made a difference.
Starting in September 1966, "Telescope" was the first regular colour broadcast in Canada. Its producer was Sam Levene.
In 2008, CBC offered 10 episodes of "Telescope" on their Digital Archives website. The episodes are from the 1970–71 season, and feature new host Ken Kavanagh. Among those profiled were game show host Monty Hall, publisher Mel Hurtig, journalist Pat Carney, actor John Vernon, author Farley Mowat, amusement park impresario Patty Conklin, and underwater explorer Joe MacInnis. A 1970 episode featured actor Donald Sutherland including early footage of his son Kiefer. Mentalist Uri Geller followed a week later by Ray Hyman and Jerry Andrus who explained and duplicated Geller's "paranormal" feats. First Nations filmmaker Alanis Obomsawin has stated that it was an interview with her on "Telescope" in the early 1960s that first brought her to the attention of the National Film Board of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="6986508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986508" title="Mary Barr Clay">
Mary Barr Clay

Mary Barr Clay (October 13, 1839 – October 12, 1924) was a leader of the American women's suffrage movement. She also was known as Mary B. Clay and Mrs. J. Frank Herrick.
Family background.
The elder daughter of Cassius Marcellus Clay and his wife Mary Jane Warfield, Mary Barr Clay was born on October 13, 1839, in Lexington, Kentucky. Clay married John Francis "Frank" Herrick, of Cleveland, Ohio, on October 3, 1866. The couple had three sons: Cassius Clay Herrick (July 17, 1867 – March 1935); Francis Warfield (February 9, 1869 – May 16, 1919); and Green (August 11, 1871 – 10 Jan 1962). The couple divorced in 1872. After divorce she dropped the Herrick surname and took back her surname of Clay. She also changed the last names of her two youngest sons to Clay.
In 1878, Clay's parents divorced after more than 40 years of marriage. Her mother Mary Jane Warfield Clay was left homeless after she had managed White Hall, the family estate, for 45 years. This inequality in property rights galvanized Clay into joining the women's rights movement. She soon brought her three younger sisters with her. Laura Clay, the youngest, also became very active in the movement.
Public career.
In May 1879, Mary B. Clay went to St. Louis, Missouri to attend the tenth anniversary of the National Woman Suffrage Association. She soon became a Kentucky delegate for that organization, serving as a vice-president. She was already a Vice President for the American Woman Suffrage Association. There she met Susan B. Anthony and arranged for the suffrage leader to speak in Richmond, Kentucky. Returning home she organized the Fayette County Equal Suffrage Association in 1879. The next year, she created the Madison County Equal Rights Association. While living in Ann Arbor, Michigan, to educate her two younger sons, she organized a suffrage club there. She became president pro tem of the convention in Flint for the Michigan State Suffrage Association. She also edited a column in the Ann Arbor "Register and spoke before the senior law class of the University of Michigan on the "Constitutional Right of Women to Vote." She submitted the Kentucky report in Volume 3 of the History of Woman Suffrage: 1876-1885.
Clay became the first Kentuckian to hold the office of president in a national woman's organization when she was elected president of the American Woman Suffrage Association in 1883. Mary B. Clay was also the first Kentucky woman to speak publicly on women's rights.
She corresponded with Susan B. Anthony, Lucy Stone, Alice Stone Blackwell and other leading suffragists. She is credited with drawing her younger sister Laura Clay into the women's rights movement. The younger Clay became better known in history as a women's rights advocate.
Death.
Her public life largely ended in 1902, as she dealt with ill health and family obligations. Clay died on October 12, 1924, one day shy of her 85th birthday, and is interred at Lexington Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="6986513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986513" title="Lake Otis National Wildlife Refuge">
Lake Otis National Wildlife Refuge

Lake Otis National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) in the U.S. state of North Dakota. The refuge is an Easement refuge that is entirely on privately owned land, but the landowners and U.S. Government work cooperatively to protect the resources. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service oversees Lake Otis NWR from offices at Audubon National Wildlife Refuge.
This is a limited-interest national wildlife refuge. The FWS has an easement on private property allowing it to manage wildlife habitat, but the land remains private property. There is no public access except from adjacent public roads. Limited-interest refuges were created in the 1930s and 1940s in response to declining waterfowl populations and the need to get people back to work during the Great Depression. Many landowners sold easements allowing the federal government to regulate water levels and restrict hunting.

</doc>
<doc id="6986516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986516" title="América (MG)">
América (MG)



</doc>
<doc id="6986522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986522" title="The Miller Sisters (singers)">
The Miller Sisters (singers)

The Miller Sisters were an American singing duo of the 1950s.
Background.
Elsie Jo and Mildred Miller (Wages) were actually sisters-in-law; Elsie married Mildred's brother, guitarist Roy Miller, and the three of them worked as the Miller Trio and were on WTUP Radio in Tupelo, Mississippi, for about a year before auditioning for Sun Records in 1954. Producer Sam Phillips believed that the Millers' vocal harmonies, complemented by the steel guitar solos of Stan Kesler and the percussive electric guitar of Quinton Claunch, would translate into significant record sales. However, the group did not score a hit. Elvis' first record was released a week after Jo and Milly recorded their first session. His release was his first hit, "That's Alright Mama". Around that time the music genre was shifting more away from country and toward the rockabilly style. Phillips decided not to release their 1957 recording of the R&amp;B song "Got You on My Mind", but the Miller Sisters still sang at various places and events before splitting up around 1960. Mildred moved to Indiana and Roy and Elsie Jo became active participants in the Oneness Pentecostal Church in 1976.
The CD "Sun's Singing Sweethearts", a collection of Miller Sister's songs, was released in 1996 by AVI Entertainment. The compilation rounds up at least one extant take of every song Milly and Jo recorded at Sun, their backup work behind Cast King and Glenn Honeycutt and as a special bonus, an early demo by the original Miller Trio.
"They were wonderful", Sam Phillips, the founder of Sun Records recalls. Of all the popular girl harmony acts of the day, like the Davis Sisters, the Miller Sisters were second to none. In the right mood, Phillips waxed poetic about the Millers' pure vocal harmony: Exhilarating one moment in its acrobatic loops, and soothing the next in its warmth. Only Patti Page and Mary Ford worked with equal precision, and no wonder. Both of those early '50s stars were harmonizing with themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="6986523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986523" title="Fast Moving Cars">
Fast Moving Cars

Fast Moving Cars is the seventh album by Pittsburgh band The Clarks. The album is more optimistic than previous Clarks albums, mainly because the band members were becoming increasingly satisfied in their personal relationships (a very large number of older Clarks songs talk of break-ups). The band remained a force in the Pittsburgh market and in several surrounding areas, but still failed to break out into the national scene. This was despite a much hyped performance on the Late Show with David Letterman. Singles from the album still had regional popularity. "Hell on Wheels" became an instant classic in terms of driving songs, while "Shimmy Low" featured an excellent hook and optimistic lyrics. However, the band was not ready to give up on its long history of depressing songs just yet. The third single, the title track "Fast Moving Cars," invoked the feelings of drunkenness and loneliness.

</doc>
<doc id="6986526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986526" title="Alex Fox">
Alex Fox

Alex Fox (born October 18, 1953) is a guitarist.
Fox was born and raised in Buenos Aires, Argentina, where he was inspired by a broad range of artists ranging from Paco De Lucia, The Beatles, and The Gipsy Kings. Fox later received a scholarship to train with the director of the Teatro Colón Symphony Orchestra, an opportunity which signaled the start of his career as a conductor, teacher and composer. It was during this time that Fox honed his own unique style which blended, according to his official biography, "classical rumba".
Fox moved to Miami Florida, United States, in 1981 where he quickly established himself as a noted local artist in the South Beach area. In the 1990s, Alex's performances at the Breakerwater Hotel, South Beach, were so popular that the crowds stopped traffic.
His first album, "To The Gypsies", was an independent production under his own label, Coco Musical, Inc. The album met with critical and commercial success worldwide, leading to the release of six more albums.
Highlights of his career include:
Fox's latest endeavor is the formation of the Fox Trio, featuring his sons Sebastian and David.
External links.
AlexFox.com | Alex Fox Official Website

</doc>
<doc id="6986527" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986527" title="Die geschiedene Frau">
Die geschiedene Frau

Die geschiedene Frau ("The Divorcée"), is an operetta in three acts by Leo Fall with a libretto by Victor Léon based on Victorien Sardou's "Divorçons!". Conducted by the composer, It opened to considerable success at the Carltheater in Vienna on 23 December 1908 with Hubert Marischka as Karel.
It was translated into Italian and premiered at the Teatro Lirico Internationale in Milan as ' on 16 August 1909, then translated into English and performed at the Vaudeville Theatre in London as The Girl in the Train from 4 June 1910. Performances followed in Rome on 19 January 1911, in Paris as ' at the Théâtre Apollo on 18 February, and in Madrid as "" at the Teatro Eslava on 23 December the same year, conducted by the composer.
English adaptations.
The 1910 English adaptation, "The Girl in the Train", was produced in two acts by George Edwardes at the Vaudeville Theatre in London, with lyrics by Adrian Ross, and ran for 340 performances. The London production starred Robert Evett, Phyllis Dare, Huntley Wright and Rutland Barrington. Arthur Williams and Connie Ediss later joined the cast. After closing in London this production, by then starring Daisy Burrell, went on tour until 1911. In October 1911 the "Gloucestershire Echo" reported that "Mr. Nicholas Hannen as President Van Eyck was 'great'. Miss Daisy Burrell acts and sings delightfully as Gonda Van der Loo and Miss Millicent Field is equally good as the jealous wife Karel Van Raalte".
The American production opened at the Globe Theatre in New York City (now the Lunt-Fontanne Theatre) on 3 October 1910 with a new adaptation by Harry B. Smith, which subsequently toured in Britain, America and Australia, among others.
In the English version, Gonda Van Der Loo, a young actress travelling on a train in Holland at night, is unable to secure a berth. Karel Van Raalte, a young married gentleman, generously offers her his compartment, but by an accident the two become locked in the compartment together. Their cries and knocks are unheard, and they are forced to spend the night together. Raalte's wife learns of the incident and jealously brings divorce proceedings. However, after many complications and much time spent in the divorce court, Raalte and his wife are reunited, while the Judge finds romance with the actress.
Musical numbers (Adrian Ross version).
Act 1 – Court of Justice, Amsterdam
Act 2 – Drawing room, Karel Van Raalte's house
Film versions.
The 1926 silent film "The Divorcée" by Victor Janson and Rudolf Dworsky is based on this operetta. A musical version was made in 1953 under the original title "Die geschiedene Frau", but it was released in Britain, France and the United States as "The Divorcée". it was directed by Georg Jacoby, and starred Marika Rökk and Johannes Heesters.

</doc>
<doc id="6986540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986540" title="Wouter Schievink">
Wouter Schievink

Wouter Ingmar Schievink (born 1963, Amsterdam) is a neurological surgeon noted for expertise in brain and spinal cord vascular disorders.
Education and employment.
Schievink earned his medical degree at the University of Amsterdam Medical School in 1989 and completed residency training at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota in 1997. This was followed by a cerebrovascular fellowship at the Barrow Neurologic Institute in Phoenix, Arizona. He was the Assistant Professor of Neurological Surgery in the Department of Neurological Surgery at the UCI Medical Center, Irvine, California from 1998 to 2000.
He began academic practice in neurosurgery in 1997 at the Neurosurgical Institute at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California, USA. There, he is the Director of the Microvascular Neurosurgery Program since 1998.
Work.
He has written and published extensively on cerebral aneurysms, cerebrovascular arterial dissections, and collagen vascular disease as related to the central nervous system. Schievink is also an expert and well published author on Spontaneous Cerebrospinal Fluid Leak Syndrome. Schievink was the lead physician on the first ever successful attempt of using fibrin glue to reverse a coma.
As of July 2009, he had published some 130 papers in scientific journals. He is a manuscript reviewer for about 20 journals, including "The Lancet" and "Neurology".

</doc>
<doc id="6986548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986548" title="Eris">
Eris

Eris most often refers to:
Eris may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6986549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986549" title="D'marco Farr">
D'marco Farr



</doc>
<doc id="6986551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986551" title="The In-Kraut">
The In-Kraut



</doc>
<doc id="6986555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986555" title="Charlie Cozart">
Charlie Cozart

Charles Rhubin Cozart (October 17, 1919December 31, 2004) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who appeared in five games, all in relief, for the Boston Braves in 1945. The 25-year-old rookie left-hander, who stood tall and weighed , was a native of Caldwell County, North Carolina, and resided in Granite Falls, North Carolina.
Cozart is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut on April 17, 1945 (Opening Day) against the New York Giants at Braves Field. Three days later he gained his first and only big league win in a 6–5 road victory over the Philadelphia Phillies at Shibe Park. His last appearance for the Braves was on June 14, and then he was traded to the New York Yankees organization almost two months later.
In a total of 8 innings pitched Cozart was 1–0 with 1 game finished. He was very ineffective overall, as he allowed 25 baserunners (10 hits and 15 walks) for an extremely high WHIP of 3.125. The 9 earned runs he gave up saddled him with a final ERA of 10.13. He proved to be a good fielder during his short time at the major league level, however, recording 7 assists without committing an error.
Cozart eventually returned to his native Caldwell County, and became a deputy sheriff there. He died at the age of 85 in Lenoir, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="6986559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986559" title="Vinayapitaka">
Vinayapitaka



</doc>
<doc id="6986568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986568" title="Banguingui people">
Banguingui people

Banguingui is a distinct ethnolinguistic group native to Balanguingui Island but also dispersed throughout the Sulu Archipelago and southern and western coastal regions of the Zamboanga Peninsula in Mindanao, Philippines.
Overview.
The Banguingui language has both written and oral traditions. Its written language is in Jawi script and is fast becoming a dying tradition. Oral traditions are handed down by the "kamattoahan" (elders) to the "kaanakan" or "anak baha-u" (new generations).
The Banguingui built "kuta" (forts) throughout the Sulu Archipelago. Like their other Sama cousins, they sailed various ships like the "vinta", "salisipan", or "bangka-bangka" throughout the Sulu-Sulawesi region. At the height of the Sulu Sultanate, the Banguingui, along with the Iranun people, formed the bulk of the Sultan's navy, leading coastal raids against settlements in the northern Philippines, as well as the coasts of neighboring Borneo, Sulawesi, and the Maluku Islands. They were also heavily involved in piracy and the slave trade during the 18th and 19th centuries. The Banguingui usually sailed "garay" warships, in contrast to the "lanong" of the Iranun.

</doc>
<doc id="6986569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986569" title="Free like beer">
Free like beer



</doc>
<doc id="6986574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986574" title="The American Metaphysical Circus">
The American Metaphysical Circus

The American Metaphysical Circus is a 1969 album by Joseph "Joe" Byrd. It was recorded after his departure from the band The United States of America, and featured some of the earliest recorded work in rock music extensively utilizing synthesizers and vocoder, along with an extended group of West Coast studio musicians Byrd named "The Field Hippies".
Musical overview.
The album is most noted for "The Sub-Sylvian Litanies", which opened Side A. This three-part suite has been described as "an entire acid trip in 11 minutes". Other album highlights include the equally psychedelic "The Elephant at the Door", and the politically charged "Invisible Man", written for and aimed squarely at President Lyndon B. Johnson. Two of the more unusual tracks on the record are "Mister Fourth of July" — a ragtime tune complete with scratchy 78RPM-style effects, and "Leisure World", featuring narration from long-time ABC voice-over and "Ghoulardi" originator Ernie Anderson in an ode to California's first retirement mega-community.
Among the musicians featured on the record are prominent West Coast studio musicians Tom Scott and the late Ted Greene, who is credited with the album's stellar guitar work in one of his few recorded appearances. Meyer Hirsch was a member of the Buddy Rich Big Band and is an experimental composer. Vocalist Victoria Bond has gone on to a prominent career as a classical composer, conductor and vocalist. Fred Selden, a student of Byrd's at UCLA, joined the Don Ellis Orchestra (led by Byrd's partner in the UCLA New Music Workshop), received a Grammy nomination, and later returned to UCLA to receive his Ph.D.
The extensive use of effects, delays, echoes, backwards vocals and other recording tricks and techniques are reminiscent of some of the experiments and work carried out by George Martin as well as Pink Floyd. Byrd referenced Martin in a 2004 interview.
Legacy.
The album's cult status was confirmed by its presence in the Columbia Masterworks catalog for an estimated twenty years. Byrd reported in 2002 in an interview published on Salon.com, and follow-up in regards to a letter filed in the Napster music copyright case, that despite estimated sales of at least 100,000 units for "The American Metaphysical Circus" alone, he had never received a penny of royalties for either "The United States of America" or "The American Metaphysical Circus" from Sony/Columbia/CBS.
Because "The American Metaphysical Circus" offered a markedly different sound in its intense horn and woodwind arrangements and even more novel content than on the earlier "The United States of America" release, many fans of the earlier record are not as enchanted with the latter, and vice versa. In the UK, "The United States of America" was more well-known and highly regarded, in part because of the inclusion of one track on a popular Columbia sampler album, "The Rock Machine Turns You On", which was not released in the United States. In the U.S. "The American Metaphysical Circus" remained in print for nearly twenty years in the Columbia catalog, whilst "The United States of America" was relegated to cut-out bins shortly after its 1968 release.
It has become a popular and oft-repeated misconception, with the more recent revival of interest in The United States of America, that "The American Metaphysical Circus" was not as popular or a commercial success, whereas information discussed by Byrd surrounding the Napster case and the experience of American record enthusiasts confirms exactly the opposite.
Prior to its re-release, mint vinyl copies of "The American Metaphysical Circus" were sold by collectors for prices sometimes in excess of $100US, and both the original 1969 issue and 1996 CD still command premium prices on collector websites. Atlantis Records described the 1999 re-release as "sought after 60's American Psych/Electronic rock classic from United States of America mainman Joseph Byrd". Gatefold Records offered "Welcome re-issue of the 1969 followup to the United States of America album (Joe Byrd was the leader of that group). Trippy Moog and electronics noodling mixed with stunning bursts of fuzzed out guitars and acid-damaged lyrics". The CD was reissued by the UK label Acadia in 2007.
Track listing.
The Sub-Sylvian Litanies
American Bedmusic - Four Dreams For A Departing President
Gospel Music For Abraham Ruddell Byrd III
The Southwestern Geriatrics Arts and Crafts Festival

</doc>
<doc id="6986576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986576" title="Carnosaur Film Series">
Carnosaur Film Series



</doc>
<doc id="6986577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986577" title="Brothers Rugby Club">
Brothers Rugby Club

Brothers Rugby Club (formally Brothers Old Boys) is an Australian rugby union club based in Brisbane, Queensland. The name alludes to its beginnings as a rugby club founded by alumni of schools established by the Congregation of Christian Brothers.
Brothers competes in the Queensland Premier Rugby competition against nine of the state's best Rugby Union clubs. The club was established in 1905 and has won 30 'A' Grade premierships. They have produced 272 Queensland and 96 Internationals including 83 Wallaby players over the last century.
The club is located at Crosby Park, Albion where it has a clubhouse, two canteens and the use of two illuminated fields.
History.
First golden era.
The Brothers Old Boys Rugby Union Club was formed at a meeting held in 1905 by members of the Christian Brothers Old Boys Association who were predominately old boys of Gregory Terrace, Nudgee College and St James College who wanted a Rugby club that 'old boys' (past students) could all play for. It was further decided at this meeting to play in the school colours, blue and white hoops. These were the St Joseph's College Gregory Terrace colours of the time. In 1905, the team played in plain hoops but the Scottish supplier incorrectly sent navy and white irregular hoops ('butcher stripes') for the 1906 season and the club has maintained this jersey ever since.
In 1907, after only the second year in the Brisbane Premier Rugby competition, Brothers won their first premiership defeating Valleys 18 – 8. Brothers next string of success was titled the 'First Golden Era' when they won premierships in 1911, 1912, 1913, 1915 and 1919. During this period the club was so strong that in 1914 they fielded two teams in the competition Brothers 'A' &amp; 'B'. The end of the 1919 season saw the demise of Rugby Union in Queensland, Rugby league became the 'code of choice' and Brisbane Premier Rugby came to a halt.
Queensland versus New South Wales interstate clash.
In 1913, nine Brothers players represented Queensland in the interstate clash in Sydney and helped the team to a 22 – 21 victory. In addition to Pat Murphy and Jimmy Flynn these players were M. J. McMahon, R. McManus, Hugh Flynn, Vin. Carmichael, Tom Ryan, Bill Morrissey and Joe Russell. Another Brothers player to be selected for state and country during these years was R. 'Clinker' Birt.
Second golden era.
Rugby Union was re-introduced in Queensland in 1929 and Brothers returned to the QRU in 1930, but it wouldn't be until 1945 that it tasted success. They secured their first trophy in the senior competition since the recommencement of competition with a 13 – 6 victory over University in the final of the mid-season Tom Welsby Cup in 1945. Brothers went on that year to contest the premiership final but went down to none other than arch rivals University. It was the start of a bright period for the club, a 'second golden era' saw premiership wins in 1946, 1949, 1950, 1951 and 1953.
Brothers become the first club in Brisbane to have their own ground at Crosby Park, Albion. The original arrangement began with the QRU as lease holder in 1949 but Brothers took over the lease in their own right in 1951. Prior to the move the players would train under lights at the local public New Farm Park.
The success of the late 1940s and early '50s was not repeated for more than a decade, except for a premiership win in 1959. Following the 1959 premiership win things reached possibly the lowest point ever for the club. The year 1963 saw the club struggle to field a competitive team but things began to turn around in 1964 with Premierships in 1966 and 1968.
Third golden era.
The 1970s marked the start of a 'third golden era' for the club as 'A' grade premierships continued in 1971, 1973, 1974, 1975, 1978 and then an unbroken and unprecedented record of five in a row from 1980 to 1984. This gave Brothers ten premierships in a 14-year period from 1971 to 1984, a remarkable achievement. The resurgence of Brothers contributed greatly to the Queensland Rugby revival. Brothers other success in the 1980s came in 1987 when they defeated Souths 20–19.
1990s to 2009.
 The Premiership successes had been missing from the club since 1987, and the first and only grand final appearance in the '90s came in a loss to rivals University in the 1990 Grand Final. Brothers continued to produce quality players such as past Wallaby captain John Eales, former Queensland Reds captain and Australian Vice Captain Elton Flatley and fellow Reds players David Croft and Sean Hardman along with the recently retired Glen Panoho. In 2005, the club celebrated its Centenary and the following year after a long 16 year absence reached the Grand Final, losing 23–22 to Wests in the 2006 Grand Final. Once again in 2008, Brothers would lose another Grand Final, this time to Easts by the barest of margins falling short 21 points to Easts 22. The defeat would not last long in the memories for the club as they made back-to-back grand finals and in September 2009, after a long-awaited 22-year drought, Brothers won their 27th premiership by defeating Souths 26–19. 
2010 - present day.
In 2010 Brothers faced off against the University of Sydney in the Australian Club Championship, winning the contest 36 to 26, making it the club's fourth national title.
The 2009 result rejuvenated the club, with frequent finals series appearances post 2010. In 2016, Brothers won their 28th premiership defeating traditional rivals University 31–28, making it the club's second title after the turn of the millennium. 
The 2020s have continued to be strong years for the club, with the club reaching its 120 year anniversary in 2025. In 2023, Brothers claimed their first premiership in seven years by defeating Wests 26-24, making it the club's 29th title, clinching victory on the final play, holding up the Bulldogs in goal. In 2024, Brothers won their fifth Australian Club Championship, defeating old interstate foes Randwick 25-18 on the 50th anniversary of their first meeting. Brothers then went on to become the first back-to-back premiers in over 20 years (Canberra Vikings, 2001-2003), taking the club's 30th title defeating Wests by two points once again, with a final score of 29-27. In 2025, Brothers made their third straight grand final appearance.
Rivalry with 'The Red Heavies'.
The long tradition of clashes with University (nicknamed 'The Red Heavies' or 'The Students') first began in senior competition on 8 June 1912, with Brothers running out victors 24 – 0. The tradition of hard, close fought games between these two clubs remains a feature of the Brisbane club scene and there have been many memorable tussles over the years, particularly in grand finals. The most famous being the 24-all draw in 1979 that resulted in a rematch where Brothers lost 16–13 in a tight match. The latest bragging rights are with University after a 31–26 win in the 2019 final, the last time the teams have met in a grand final.
Premiership Finals results.
Notes
† Brothers played under the name Merthyr Football Club in the QRL (Metropolitan) rugby league competition from 1917 to 1918 . 
‡ The 1979 Grand Final was replayed after a 24–24 draw.
National Club Champions.
The Australian Club Championship is a challenge match between the Brisbane (Hospital Challenge Cup) and Sydney (Shute Shield) "A" Grade Premiers.
Notes
† Brothers played under the name Merthyr Football Club in the QRL (Metropolitan) rugby league competition from 1917 to 1918. 
§ Merthyr also played South Sydney for the "Rugby League Team Championship of Australia" at the Brisbane Cricket Ground.
Brothers Junior Rugby Union Club.
The Junior club that operated out of Crosby Park was an amalgamation of two junior clubs. The original junior clubs were Brothers Old Boys Sub-Junior section (Under 13-17) which commenced fielding teams in 1968, and Ascot Clayfield Sub-Junior Rugby Club (Under 7-12) which was founded in 1969. 
Ascot-Clayfield originally played out of Hamilton Recreation Reserve (now known as Hercules Park), but moved to Crosby Park in 1983, on the invitation of the Brothers Club President Bob Conn. Ascot Clayfield originally sported green and blue hooped jerseys but changed to a harlequin design in the late 1980s. 
The two junior clubs amalgamated to be called Brothers-Ascot Clayfield in 1991. In 2005, the Junior club moved to develop tighter bonds with Brothers Rugby Club, by rebranding themselves as Brothers Junior Rugby Union Club, with all teams donning the navy and white butcher-stripe jerseys in line with the senior club.
In 2013, with the participation numbers climbing above 50 teams and 740 players, the junior club moved its Under 6-9 age groups to Windsor Park.

</doc>
<doc id="6986579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986579" title="Mahinda College">
Mahinda College

Mahinda College is a Buddhist boys' school in Galle, Sri Lanka. The school was established on 1 March 1892 by the Buddhist Theosophical Society led by Colonel Henry Steel Olcott. As of today it is a national school which provides primary and secondary education across 13 grades to a student population of around 3200.
History.
Colonel Henry Steel Olcott, a retired United States army officer, came across a report of a religious debate between Buddhist monks and Christian clergy in Ceylon. He began to correspond with the Buddhist monks of Ceylon, eventually leading him to visit Ceylon.
Olcott arrived on 17 May 1880 with Helena Blavatsky in Galle, where they converted to Buddhism at the Wijeyananda temple. They founded the Buddhist Theosophical Society and set about opening up Buddhist schools such as Dharmaraja College in Kandy, Ananda College in Colombo, and Maliyadeva College in Kurunegala. With the help of John Bowles Daly, an Irish clergyman and a theosophist, Mahinda College was opened on 1 March 1892 at Pedlar Street in Galle Fort. The school was named after Arahat Mahinda, the monk who introduced Buddhism to Sri Lanka.
Daly left after one year, followed by a number of principals serving for short periods. With the arrival of Frank Lee Woodward as principal in 1903, the average attendance of the school rose to 142 from 89. Also in 1903, students took the Cambridge examination, and in July 1904, G. W. Perera won a scholarship to Cambridge. By 1905 there were 246 students attending.Woodward had plans to relocate the college, and purchased land called "Dawatagahawatta" with a view of the Sripada (Adam's peak). On 15 January 1908 the foundation stone of the Olcott hall was laid and the new building’s ceremonial opening took place on 1st August 1912.
With the new location which suited education, the number of students rose to 300. The First Galle Mahinda Scout Group was started in June 1914 with the participation of 30 members appointing F. G. Pearce as the Scout Master and A. Ginige as the assistant master. In 1919, Woodward left for Tasmania to edit and translate Buddhist texts for the Pali Text Society, London. Woodward was succeeded by capable principals such as Kalidas Nag, F.G. Pearce and W. A. Troup who served Mahinda College only for short tenures. During this period student population increased and Mahinda College gradually became a leading seat for the Buddhist education in Southern Sri Lanka.
Dr. Rabindranath Tagore of Shantiniketan visited Mahinda College and delivered a speech on 17 October 1922.
In November 1927, Mahatma Gandhi and Kasturbai Gandhi visited Mahinda College and were the chief guests of the annual prize-giving. In 1929, Jawaharlal Nehru, his wife Kamala Devi, daughter Indira and his sister Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit visited Mahinda College where a reception was held in their honour.
In the year 1942, Mahinda College had its Golden Jubilee celebration to commemorate its eventful history of the first twenty years at Pedlar Street in the Galle Fort, and the next thirty years in the purpose built school buildings at Elliot Road, Minuwangoda. For the 60th anniversary of Mahinda College in 1952, a new physics laboratory was opened by the Prime Minister Dudley Senanayake on 12 September. Edgar Albert Wijesooriya an old boy of Mahinda College was appointed as the Principal of the College in 1932 and remained in that position until his retirement in 1962 with the take over of assisted schools by the government. Thereafter Mahinda College became a Sinhala medium Government School. J. H. Gunasekara succeeded E. A. Wijesooriya as the principal in 1962. During his tenure of 12 years in office many buildings came up and the school population was increased significantly.
In 1992 Mahinda College had its centenary celebrations with the participation of Sri Lanka president Ranasinghe Premadasa as the chief guest. Sri Lanka post issued a stamp to mark the centenary celebration of the college. The Scouts Group of the Mahinda College Galle had its centenary celebrations in 2014 under the patronage of president Mahinda Rajapaksa. A seven day scouts jamboree was held with the participation of around 1500 local and foreign scouts to mark the occasion.
Mahinda College today.
As of April 2025 the college provides education to 3,200 students from grades 1 to 13. Students are divided into five groups: primary, junior, secondary, senior secondary and collegiate. The current principal of Mahinda College is Janaka Peduruhewa. The college employs 297 teachers and 30 non academic staff.
Houses.
Students are divided into four houses.
The houses are named after four ancient kings of Sri Lanka. Annual sporting events are held among the houses.
Lovers' Quarrel.
The Lovers' Quarrel or Battle of the Lovers is an annual cricket big match played between the cricket teams of Mahinda College and Richmond College, Galle. The contest was started in 1905 under the principal of Richmond College, Rev. James Horne Darrel, and the principal of Mahinda College, Frank Lee Woodward.
As of 2025, Mahinda College has won the encounter 23 times. The Lover's Quarrel was last won by Mahinda College in 2008, breaking a 30-year-long deadlock of draws which was started in 1978, the year Mahindians recorded their previous win in the big match.

</doc>
<doc id="6986587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986587" title="Alex fox">
Alex fox



</doc>
<doc id="6986591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986591" title="White Lady">
White Lady

A White Lady (or woman in white) is a type of female ghost. She is typically dressed in a white dress or similar garment, reportedly seen in rural areas and associated with local legends of tragedy. White Lady legends are found in many countries around the world. Common to many of these legends is an accidental or impending death, murder, or suicide and the theme of loss, betrayed by a husband or fiancé, and unrequited love.
Global versions.
In popular medieval legend, a White Lady is fabled to appear by day as well as by night in a house in which a family member is soon to die. They also appear within photos just before or after death. According to "The Nuttall Encyclopædia", these spirits were regarded as the ghosts of deceased ancestors.
Brazil.
Called "Dama Branca" or "Mulher de Branco" in Portuguese, the Brazilian Lady in White is said to be the ghost of a young woman who died of childbirth or violent causes. According to legend, she appears as a pale woman in a long white dress or a sleeping gown. Although usually speechless, she will occasionally recount her misfortunes. The origins of the myth are not clear. Luís da Câmara Cascudo's "Dicionário do Folclore Brasileiro" (Brazilian Folklore Dictionary) proposes that the ghost is related to the violent deaths of young white women who were murdered by their fathers or husbands in an "honor" killing. The most frequent reasons for these honor killings were adultery (actual or suspected), denial of sex, or abuse. Monteiro Lobato in his book "Urupês" describes a young woman starved to death by her husband because he suspected she was in love with a black slave and only gave her the stewed meat of his corpse for food.
Canada.
White Ladies are called "Dames blanches" in French. A popular legend claims that the surroundings of Montmorency Falls near Quebec City are haunted by a white lady. It is said to be the spirit of a young French-Canadian woman whose fiancé was killed while fighting against the British in the Battle of Beauport. The young couple allegedly used to meet near the top of the falls. Accordingly, the grieving woman is said to have chosen the site to end her life by throwing herself in the raging waters while wearing the wedding dress that she had recently ordered to be made. A smaller waterfall in the vicinity now bears the name Chute de la Dame Blanche "(White Lady Waterfall)" in reference to this legend.
Czech Republic.
The best-known White Lady of the Czech Republic is the ghost of Perchta of Rožmberk at Rožmberk Castle. Perchta of Rožmberk (c. 1429–1476) was a daughter of an important Bohemian nobleman, Oldřich II of Rožmberk. She married another nobleman, Jan of Lichtenštejn (John of Liechtenstein) in 1449. The marriage was quite unhappy. One reason may have been that Perchta's father was reluctant to pay the agreed dowry. During her married life, Perchta wrote many letters to her father and brothers with colourful descriptions of her unhappy family life and the bad treatment by Jan of Lichtenštejn. Some 32 of these letters had been handed down. Legend has it that as her husband was dying, he asked for her forgiveness for his treatment of her. Perchta refused, and her husband cursed her. After her death, she returned as a ghost to her family holdings. According to legends, the ghost was most apparent in the settlements of Rožmberk, Český Krumlov, Jindřichův Hradec, Třeboň and Telč. The story of White Lady is also included in the Ancient Bohemian Legends.
Estonia.
The most famous white lady of Estonia is said to reside in Haapsalu Castle. According to the legend, a canon fell in love with her, so she hid in the castle disguised as a choir boy, but she was discovered when the Bishop of Ösel-Wiek visited Haapsalu and subsequently immured in the wall of the chapel for her crime. To this day, she is said to look out of the Baptistery's window and grieve for her beloved man. According to legend, she can be seen on clear August full-moon nights.
Germany.
White Ladies are called Witte Wiwer in northern Germany and Weiße Frauen in Standard German. Stories of white lady ghosts are associated with residential castles of the Hohenzollern family. Two women are supposed to be the historical basis of a ghost haunting the Plassenburg. According to legend, the countess Kunigunda of Orlamünde murdered her two children because she believed this could enable her to marry Albert of Nuremberg, who married Sophie von Henneberg († 1372) instead of her. She became a nun and died as an abbess of the monastery Himmelskron. A white lady ghost reportedly appeared in 1486, 1540, 1554 and 1677 as a harbinger of misfortune. A variation of the tale holds that the white lady of the Plassenburg is the unfortunate widow Bertha of Rosenberg from Bohemia, overthrown by the heathen Perchta.
A white lady ghost, said to be a harbinger of death and misfortune, was claimed to be seen in the Berliner Schloss in 1598 shortly before the death of John George of Brandenburg, and again in 1618, 1625, up until 1940. The castle is the residence of the kings of Prussia, and the stories associate the lady with several historical figures, most notably Anna Sydow, the paramour of Joachim II of Brandenburg (father of John George), who bore him two extramarital children. Sydow was imprisoned in the Spandau Citadel after Joachim's death by John George, despite his promise to care for her. She died in 1575 without regaining her freedom.
The castle of Düsseldorf is claimed to be haunted by a white lady. The castle was built in 1260 and demolished in 1896 with only an old tower remaining. According to legend, a duchess named Jakobine and her lover were murdered by her jealous husband. Her ghost was said to be seen before each of a series of fires that plagued the castle.
Friedland in Brandenburg is claimed to be haunted by a white lady, supposedly the daughter of a baronet cursed by her father for not giving him an heir. According to the legend, her ghost haunts the castle and surrounding forests, strangling anyone who talks to her.
Lahneck Castle is the site of a legend of a white lady ghost claimed to be stalking the castle. It is said that the ghost is Idilia Dubb (the main character of a novel, The Diary of Miss Idilia).
There is a legend about an adulterous nobleman's wife in the civil parish of Batenhorst, Rheda-Wiedenbrück, Westphalia. The legend originates from the time of the Thirty Years' War. According to the story, the nobleman encased her in the cellar of his manor "Haus Aussel" to assure she could not betray him while he went away to war, but he never returned, and her spirit supposedly haunts the premises forever afterwards. During recent renovations to the manor, workers found no human remains that might give factual basis to the legend.
According to legend a white lady haunts the remains of a monastery in the forest of the Uhlberg near to the famous Altmühltal with its limestone-underground and many potholes.
Hungary.
In Hungarian mythology, a white lady was the ghost of a girl or young woman that died violently; usually, young women who committed suicide, were murdered, or died while imprisoned. The ghost is usually bound to a specific location and is often identified as a specific person (e.g. Elizabeth Báthory).
Indonesia.
Indonesian version of the white lady is called kuntilanak.
Ireland.
In Charles Fort (Ireland), there is the story of a white lady, the ghost of a young woman that died on her wedding night. Her death was a suicide which followed the death of her husband at the hand of her father. She came back as a ghost to search for her father, and now every year on her marriage night you can hear her scream.
People also report sightings of a female dubbed "the woman in the white dress" or "an bhean bhán" (the white woman) in an abandoned house next to the white river in Dunleer, Co. Louth.
Malta.
The White Lady is the name of a female ghost that lives in Verdala Palace in the small forest of Buskett, Rabat, Malta.
Legend has it that many years ago, the niece of Grand Master de Rohan, was engaged to be married to a suitor whom she did not love. Her father told her that she must always do as her fiancé said. The wedding day was soon upcoming, but just before the ceremony, she committed suicide by jumping off a balcony. She was wearing her wedding gown when she died. This is why she is still known, to this day, as The White Lady. It is said that she haunts the Verdala Palace and many people who attend the August moon ball confirm that the apparition does appear in the palace.
According to another Maltese legend, the White Lady of Mdina was killed by her lover after being forced to marry another man. Many have claimed to see this spirit, always after eight o'clock in the evening. She usually appears to children under eight years old, heart-broken teenage boys, and elderly men. While she tells the children goodnight and bids them to return home, she advises the teenagers to "find another" or to join her and become a part of her "shadow" (her ghostly followers). She also attempts to lure elderly men into her "shadow".
Netherlands.
"Vrouwen in wit" (plural of "vrouw in wit"), or "Witte Wieven" as these women are called in local dialects, are mythical creatures of Low Saxon origin and so most known in the eastern and northern parts of the Netherlands. Sometimes referred to as "witte joffers" ("white maidens"), they can have a benevolent and malevolent nature. Often related with witches and/or ghosts, they show many similarities with the banshee, the fairy, and the elf. Understood as malevolent beings, they abduct or switch newborns, abduct women, and punish people who have mistreated them. As benevolent beings, they may aid in childbirth or offer good advice. Indeed, though the adjective "wit" means "white", it may originally refer to the Germanic word "wid", related to English "wit" and "wise", and so might be better understood as "wise women", as they are known in Germany, where they are connected to the Völva.
They are believed to dwell in tumuli, the Hunebedden and on the moors. Wisps of mist and fog banks are sometimes called "witte wieven".
The Schinveldse Bossen forest is also home to another White Lady story. Archival evidence suggests that the forest was once home to a castle farm that was built in 1396. In the 17th century (estimated 1667), this site was burned down killing the daughter of Lord Lambert Reynart. This historical event has spawned a few variations on a White Lady ghost story based around the death of the woman who burned with the castle farm. The most common versions of the tale involve the woman having two fighting lovers or of the site being burned on her wedding day by a jealous nobleman. However, all versions claim that she now wanders the forest like a ghost in a long white dress, some saying she only appears at midnight, and others saying she only appears on nights of the full moon. The site of the former castle farm is referred to as Lammendam after the ghost who supposedly haunts the area. The term is a Dutch adaptation of the French "La Madame Blanche." It is now protected as a cultural-historical site.
In popular culture, Dutch singer Joep Rademakers mentions this ghost in his song: "t Sjilves Paradies". Dutch symphonic black metal band Carach Angren also has a full concept album dedicated to this version of The White Lady.
Philippines.
White Ladies, indigenously known as kaperosa, are popular ghost story topics in the Philippines. White Ladies are often used to convey horror and mystery to young children for storytelling. Sightings of White Ladies are common around the country. The most prominent one is the White Lady of Balete Drive in Quezon City. It is said that it is the ghost of a long-haired woman in a white dress who, according to legend, died in a car accident while driving along Balete Drive. Most stories about her were told by taxi drivers doing the graveyard shift, such as when a taxi crosses Balete Drive, and a stunning woman is asking for a ride. The cabbie then looks behind and sees the woman's face was full of blood and bruises, causing him to abandon his taxi in terror.
In other instances, it is said that when solitary people drive on that street in the early morning, they briefly see the face of a white-clad woman in the rear-view mirror before she quickly disappears. Some accidents on this road are blamed on apparitions of the White Lady.
Many sources have said a reporter manufactured this legend in the 1950s as a combination of multiple stories from the area. One are from Balangiga Ladies dressed in White which were massacred together with the Male Population of it, along with an Old Church, sightings reported at Pagsanghan, Samar too.
Russia.
"The Maidens of Uley" is an East Siberian legend of the west Buryad people from the village of Ulei (or Ungin), Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. The legend tells about a young lady, Bulzhuuhai Duuhai, who did not want to marry. She kept running away from her husband, who treated her disrespectfully and locked her in a black yurt, instead of a traditional white one. Bulzhuuhai then hanged herself in a barn after singing and dancing at someone else's wedding for eight days and eight nights, feeling unwanted and unloved. After her death, she became a "zayan" (spirit). She joined other spirit maidens (some 350 of them), who haunt fiancés on their wedding day, bewitching them with their beauty and dragging them to the netherworld.
Serbia.
In the village of Koprivica near Zaječar there is a legend about a ghost of a woman in a wedding dress that walks around at night scaring people. This ghost is most commonly referred to as the Dead Woman in White (Serbian cyrillic: Мртва Жена у Белом). There are two stories about the death of this woman: The first states that she died in the 70s in a car accident while going on her honeymoon while the second states that she hung herself after her fiancé left her right before their wedding. She is apparently also seen stopping cars on the road between Bor and Zaječar. In August 2011, two brothers from Bor, inspired by the legend of the Woman in White, decided to prank drivers on the road towards Zaječar by having one of them put on a wedding dress and approach drivers while the other filmed it. The incident was reported to the police who managed to identify the brothers however they couldn't be charged with anything since they technically didn't break any laws.
Switzerland.
A popular legend has been associated for centuries with the ruins of Rouelbeau Castle in today's municipality of Meinier in the canton of Geneva. It centers around a woman without a name, supposedly the first wife of the knight Humbert de Choulex, under whose leadership the castle was constructed in a swampy area at the beginning of the 14th century. He reportedly repudiated her when she did not give birth to a son. The ghost has been linked to the disappearance of people and deaths from unexplained causes. It is unclear whether such supposed appearances occurred rather during moonless nights or full moon. However, it is undisputed that Christmas Eve is said to be her preferred timing. On some occasions, the whole castle and its former inhabitants were reportedly resurrected in its old glory for the night. "La Dame Blanche" herself is rumoured to be of striking beauty and wearing a diadem.
In a version from 1870, which was published in 1902, a certain Jean Bahut told the story that he went out to the castle ruins on Christmas Eve as a sixteen-year-old during the French occupation of Geneva at the beginning of the 19th century to shoot some animals for dinner with his widowed and impoverished mother. He was hit by an ice-cold breath of air, which made him shudder, his blood clot and his hair stand on end. In the darkness, a white shadow came out of the tower uttering hollow groans. It touched him and disappeared. The young man tried to flee but could not lift his feet from the ground. While the White Lady rewarded his commitment to his mother with a treasure of gold and silver, she punished his wealthy and greedy relative one year later in a deadly way by tricking and locking him into the vaults.
A dirt road through the fields next to the ruins is named "Chemin de la Dame Blanche". In addition, a street about one kilometer to the North of the ruins bears the name "Chemin de la Dame", a bus stop at its junction with the main street is called "Vésenaz, La Dame". Some two and a half kilometers to the South in the municipality of Vandœuvres another street is named "Chemin de la Blanche". The neighbouring municipality of "Choulex" still bears the name of the family, whose lineage Humbert as the first lord of the castle was from and which was first mentioned in a document almost nine hundred years ago.
In late September 2019, the Geneva Chamber Orchestra performed a series of five concerts in the inner court of the castle ruins. The collaboration by four Geneva-born and/or -based artists, included a video installation and was titled "Qui a Peur de la Dame Blanche?": "Who is afraid of the White Lady?"
Thailand.
Although the image of a white lady is not traditionally part of Thai ghost lore, a story appeared on local TV that claimed several unnamed teenagers "died in separate, unexplained accidents" after passing by a house in Bangkok's Thawi Watthana district, unnamed "witnesses" reported seeing a woman in white at the scene, and "a psychic' later claimed a vengeful spirit named "Dao" or "Deuan" was responsible.
United Kingdom.
England.
Thirteen tales within England also suggest that the White Lady may be a victim of murder or suicide who died before she could tell anyone the location of some hidden treasure. In the early 1900's, the castle of Blenkinsopp in Northumberland was occupied by a family. One night the parents woke to their boy screaming, "The White Lady!" By the time they arrived at his bedside, she had vanished. However, the boy reported that the lady had been angry and tried to take him away after he refused to accompany her to a box of gold buried in the vaults below. She could not rest while it was there. The same events took place the following three nights. When the child began sleeping with his parents, the White Lady no longer disturbed him, but he never again traveled through the castle alone for fear of her. 
The White Lady (also known as the "Running Lady") of Beeford, East Yorkshire resides on the "Beeford Straight," a stretch of road between Beeford and Brandesburton. Motorists have reported her apparition running across the Beeford Straight toward the junction of North Frodingham. Anecdotal tales also report a motorcyclist picking up a female hitchhiker on the same stretch of road. A few miles later, the motorcyclist, upon turning around, noticed the passenger had vanished. In one instance, a car crashed into a tree, killing 6 people. It is rumored to be the white lady's curse.
In another story, a White Lady is seen retracing her steps; she was said to have jumped off the Portchester Castle while trying to retrieve her fallen child. Her spirit is said to haunt the castle.
At Worstead Church in Norfolk, there are stories of ghostly woman in white. Her story is diverse, from being a good ghost to a ghost who brings death to people. She is known locally as "White Lady" and her stories are said to have been around since the 1830s. Said that she often appears during Christmas Eve. The most famous case occurred in 1975, when Peter Berthelot and his wife Diane visited a church to shelter from the heat, and Peter took a photo of ill Diane sitting in a pew inside, with a vague image of a woman in old-fashioned white with a bonnet sitting behind her. After that, she recovered from her illness.
An old ballad is sung about a ghost, that is haunting Okehampton Castle: "My Ladye hath a sable coach, with horses two an four. My Ladye hath a gaunt blood-hound, that goeth before. My Ladye's coach hath nodding plumes, the driver hath no head. My Ladye is an ashen white – as one who is long dead."This lady is said to be a Howard-lady of the 17th century, who has murdered several husbands and children of hers. Her curse is to collect grassblades in the castle ruins until the end of time. No historical event or person could be found to correlate.
The ghost of a Pomeroy-lady called Matilda (also called Margaret) is told to haunt Berry Pomeroy Castle (near to Totnes in Devon) as a harbinger of death to everyone to see her in the dungeon of the St.Margaret-tower. Matilda is said to have been starved to death by her sister in that dungeon. Edward Montague created a novel titled "The Castle of Berry Pomeroy".
Within Radford, the white Lady of Radford is a young woman from the Harris family. Her legend tells of her wishing to see a local young man living in nearby Oreston, but being forbidden by her family. Despite this, she took a boat one night onto the lake whilst wearing her white clothing. The boat supposedly capsized, with the White Lady disappearing under the water. Others have claimed the Lady's lover was in the boat with her when it sank. Since then, many have told of supposedly seeing the White Lady sitting beside the lake in her ghostly form. As a result of this story, a nearby street towards one of the entrances of the park was named "White Lady Road".
Wales.
Y Ladi Wen ("The White Lady") or Dynes Mewn Gwyn ("Woman in white") is a common apparition in the Celtic Mythology of Wales and Welsh folklore. Dressed in white, and most common at Calan Gaeaf (the Welsh Halloween), she was often evoked to warn children about bad behaviour. Y Ladi Wen is characterized in various ways including being a terrifying ghost who may ask for help if you speak to her.
"Y Ladi Wen" is also associated with restless spirits guarding hidden treasures, with perhaps the best-known example of this at Ogmore, Bridgend. The Ogmore apparition story is also noteworthy for containing many of the archetypal aspects common to such Celtic and Welsh stories, including a hidden cauldron, changing physical characteristics, and a chastising morality. Here, a spirit was long said to wander the area until a man finally approached her. When such a man eventually did so, the spirit led him to a treasure (a cauldron filled with gold) hidden under a heavy stone within the old tower of Ogmore Castle and allowed the man to take half the treasure for himself. However, the man later returned and took more of the treasure. This angered the spirit, who, with her fingers turning into claws, attacked the man as he returned home. The man became gravely ill but only died once he had confessed his greed. After that, an ailment known as "Y Ladi Wen's revenge" was said to befall any person who died before disclosing hidden treasure.
Welsh topography inspired by sightings and tales of Y Ladi Wen can be found throughout Wales. The village of Ewenny has both a White Lady's Meadow and White Lady's Lane, and St Athan also has a tradition of Y Ladi Wen.
United States.
The "Suscon Screamer" is a woman dressed in white that many believe they have seen and/or heard on Suscon Road in Pittston Township, Pennsylvania. Suscon Road is long state route that goes on for miles and turns into Thornhurst Road and Bear Lake Road. Many say they could hear bloodcurdling screams in the woods and see a non moving bright light in the street. Sometimes people even see the appearance of a young woman in a white dress. These even typically take place by "the black bridge", an old railroad bridge that was demolished in the 1980s. Even though the bridge was demolished people could still hear and see things. According to legend, either a young bride hanged herself nearby after being married or a girl was killed after her prom night on the road. This is probably why the young woman allegedly is seen wearing white to this day. The girl is oftentimes called the Suscon Screamer. Many say if you honk the horn of your car three times at night in the area of the old railroad bridge, you could hear the screams of the Screamer and might even catch a glimpse of her. 
A White Lady is said to haunt Durand-Eastman Park in Rochester, New York. Also known as the Lady in the Lake, the 19th-century White Lady wanders the park area, obsessively looking for her daughter's body. The latter was slain by a boyfriend or group of hoodlums, depending on the story you hear. Legend has it that the human White Lady either killed herself in grief, or died alone and heartbroken.
"The Lady in White" or the "White Lady of Avenel" is the most commonly reported apparition at Avenel (Bedford, Virginia). The apparition is thought to be Mary Frances "Fran" Burwell, of the Burwell family of Virginia. "The legend has it that she stayed on the front porch waiting for her husband to come home from the Civil War, but he never did," says Adam Stupin, founder of SouthWest Virginia Ghost Hunters.
"The Ghostly Sphinx of Metedeconk" by Stephen Crane recounts the tale of a White Lady whose lover was drowned in 1815.
Union Cemetery in Easton, Connecticut, has reported sightings of a white lady since the late 1940s, said to haunt the nearby Stepney Cemetery in Monroe, Connecticut.
In Altoona, Pennsylvania, she is known as the White Lady of Whopsy. Her ghost is said to haunt Wopsononock Mountain and Buckhorn Mountain in the western part of Altoona. It's said that she and her husband had an ill-fated crash over what's known as Devil's Elbow as you head into the city itself where both of them tumbled over the side of the mountain. According to legend, she is seen looking for her husband on foggy nights, has been picked up as a hitchhiker, and her reflection is not seen in the mirror, but she always disappears around Devil's Elbow.
In Yermo, California, at the Calico Ghost Town, author Lorin Morgan-Richards is said to have seen the ghost of a White Lady up close while it roamed the outskirts of town and he wrote about it in detail in his book "Welsh in the Old West".
In Fremont, California, there are 2 instances of the White Lady Legend. One known as the White Witch and the other simply known as the Prom Dress Girl. Both legends have ghost sightings in the Niles Canyon Area. The White Witch story is about a woman named Lowerey. She was one of the first people in the area killed in a horse carriage accident in the early 20th century. People claim to have seen her in a cemetery in the area with strange lights. Local legend says you can see her walking the ridge between the Niles Hollywood-style sign and the canyon. The Prom Dress Girl story is about a high school girl who gets in a car accident on February 26 somewhere around in the late 20th century. Sightings of her claim she wears a white prom dress and tries to hitch a ride from passing by vehicles on the route 84 highway between Fremont, California, and Sunol, California.
In Dallas, Texas at White Rock Lake Park, it is reported that the ghost of a twenty-year-old looking girl, known as "The Lady of White Rock Lake" described as wearing a water-soaked 1930s evening dress, who usually appears at night along the roadside of East Lawther Drive. Witnesses claim the phantom asks to be taken to her home on Gaston Avenue in Dallas before disappearing in the car during the ride and leaving behind a waterlogged car seat. Legend claims the woman to be a drowning victim from a boating accident in the 1930s. Reports of the ghostly encounters were published in Dallas-area newspapers in the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="6986592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986592" title="KNXR">
KNXR

KNXR (97.5 MHz) is a commercial FM radio station in Rochester, Minnesota. It broadcasts a classic hits radio format and is owned by John Linder and Lynn Ketelsen, through Blooming Prairie Farm Radio, Inc. The radio studios and offices are on 16th Avenue NW in Rochester.
The transmitter site and tower are on 70th Avenue NE (County Highway 119) at Silver Creek Road in Rochester. With its effective radiated power (ERP) of 100,000 watts and in height above average terrain (HAAT), KNXR can be heard through much of southern Minnesota, western Wisconsin and northern Iowa.
History.
Beautiful Music.
KNXR signed on the air on Christmas Eve, . The station had a beautiful music format and had its studios in the Rochester Holiday Inn. KNXR played quarter hour sweeps of mostly instrumental cover versions of popular songs, as well as Broadway and Hollywood show tunes. It also featured John Doremus' program "Patterns in Music", weeknights from 7 to 10 pm. Over time, more soft vocals were added to the playlist although the station remained largely instrumental until January 31, 2015.
The station's first hour was rebroadcast on Christmas Eve 2015 to mark the 50th anniversary of the station's first radio broadcast. While operating as an easy listening station, KNXR had a devoted following, on the strongest FM signal in Rochester. It often made the Arbitron ratings for the Minneapolis-St. Paul radio market, 85 miles away.
Ownership change; flip to Hot AC.
In October 2014, longtime owner Thomas H. Jones announced he would sell KNXR for $1.1 million to Hometown Broadcasting, which, at the time, owned KQAQ and KQPR in Albert Lea (the former has since been sold to Real Presence Radio, while the latter has been sold to D&amp;Z Media). The sale closed on January 30, 2015, and KNXR went silent at 1 a.m. the following day. On February 24, 2015, after a couple of hours of stunting with the local audio feed from NOAA Weather Radio, KNXR flipped to a Hot Adult Contemporary format, branded as "97.5 Pulse FM". Jones retained the station's vast Easy Listening music library, and some of the personality programming, in an online streaming station at 97five.net.
Despite the station's ratings improving, the "Pulse FM" format was short lived. In December 2015, Hometown Broadcasting announced it would sell KNXR for $3.2 million to Lynn Ketelsen and John Linder's Blooming Prairie Farm Radio (owners of KOWZ (now KFOW) and KOWZ-FM in Blooming Prairie). The sale was completed on February 29, 2016.
Classic hits.
On March 4, 2016, at midnight, KNXR began stunting with a loop of "Tie Me Kangaroo Down, Sport" by Rolf Harris, along with recorded announcements that a "new radio station is coming to Rochester." The station promoted its new format to launch at noon on March 7.
At the promised time, KNXR flipped to classic hits as “Minnesota 97.5". The first song under the new format was "Hotel California" by The Eagles.

</doc>
<doc id="6986596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986596" title="Tawa College">
Tawa College

Tawa College is a state coeducational secondary school located in Tawa, Wellington, New Zealand. The school opened in 1961, and primarily serves students in Tawa and the surrounding suburbs. A total of students from Years 9 to 13 attend the school as of 
History.
Tawa College opened in February 1961.
Demographics.
At the November 2018 Education Review Office (ERO) review, Tawa College had 1175 students enrolled, including 19 international students. 52 percent of students were male and 48 percent were female. 50 percent of students identified as European New Zealanders (Pākehā), 17 percent identified as Māori, 14 percent as Pasifika, and 20 percent as another ethnicity.
As of , Tawa College has an Equity Index of , placing it amongst schools whose students have socioeconomic barriers to achievement (roughly equivalent to decile 7 under the former socio-economic decile system).
Blocks.
Tawa College currently has 10 classroom blocks: A Block, B Block, C Block, D Block, E Block, F Block, H Block, J Block, S Block, and T Block.
Tawa College used to have two more blocks: G and K blocks, these are both out of use and scheduled for demolition. K block is being demolished for its high-risk asbestos, and G block for the extension of State Highway one, which is adjacent to it. 
Like many New Zealand secondary schools of the era, the school was constructed to the Nelson Two-Storey standard plan, distinguished by its two-storey H-shaped classroom blocks. Tawa College has three of these blocks: B block, C block, and D block.
A Block is the foods, dance, woodwork and art block (along with Te Reo Māori in the PTA center). B Block is home to social studies classes as well as: psychology, history, geography, science and more. C Block is home to english, science, computer labs and more. D Block's classrooms includes: English, maths, maths offices, science and more. E Block is the language block with Japanese and French. F Block is the drama block with a miniature theatre which was recently revamped with the help from Nick Brown, HOD of Drama and Dance. G Block is a one story block which spans around the netball and basketball courts with all sorts of classrooms. H Block is the music block with: three studios, two music classrooms, a music office, a big music space, the school hall. J Block is the science block with two science classrooms. K Block is the retired kindergarten recently purchased by Tawa College and is currently used if there are no available classrooms. S Block is the special learning block for people with special learning needs.
Uniform.
The traditional colours of Tawa College are blue, red and yellow, as seen in the school uniform, sports strips and crest. The uniform skirt for the girls is a kilt made of Duncan tartan. The college has special permission from the Scottish clan, to whom the tartan belongs (as intellectual property), to use the tartan in its uniform.
In 2024, Tawa College released a statement which says Year 13 students must be in full school uniform from 2025. In the past, Year 13 students wore non-uniform, or mufti. In the same statement, Tawa College updated their uniform requirements for all students, and are on a transition period to make the tie, blazer, and formal pants/skirt part of the daily uniform, instead of just for special occasions/events.
Tawa Recreation Centre.
The Tawa Recreation Centre (informally known as "the rec centre") is a joint venture between Tawa College and the Wellington City Council. The facility contains two gymnasiums, two sets of male and female changing rooms, a large foyer area, P.E equipment sheds, a Wellington City Council Office and reception area, P.E department offices, and a classroom on the mezzanine.
Successes.
The school is well known for its achievements in the arts, notably singing, including several national and international barbershop quartet and chorus champions, such as the Musical Island Boys (national barbershop champions, 2004; international collegiate quartet champions, 2006; Barbershop Harmony Society International Quartet Champions, 2014). Their auditioned chamber choir Blue Notes has also received national success, including their achievements at the annual The Big Sing choral festival, where they've received multiple gold awards.
They also have a big reputation due to their wrestling team, TCW, who have been twice national champions.
In 2009, the principal at the time, Mr Lucas, and approximately 38 year 13 chemistry students beat the Guinness world record for the most hours of consecutive teaching with their 28-hour chemistry teach-a-thon. This was put together as a fundraiser for World Vision, and through it they raised over $3,000.
Notable alumni.
Notable alumni include:

</doc>
<doc id="6986603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986603" title="Wests Rugby">
Wests Rugby

Wests Rugby Union Club or Wests is an Australian rugby union club, based in Toowong, that competes in the Queensland Premier Rugby competition.
The bulk of Wests' players are drawn from the western suburbs of Brisbane where local rivals GPS and University, only a few suburbs away, also compete for players. Wests also draw from Ipswich and Springfield.
Wests is one of the smaller Premier Rugby clubs in terms of player numbers, but it has achieved a share of success in the competition, winning premierships in 1977, 1985, 2006, and 2022.
Their theme song is based on "Take Me Home, Country Roads".
History.
Wests Rugby Union Club was founded in 1951 and only fielded one team, but went on to win the reserve grade competition in that first season. Player numbers increased in following years and the club was promoted to the first grade competition in 1955.
The Bulldog mascot was adopted in 1956. The club's blue and white jerseys were changed to red, white and blue in 1959 to be more distinguishable from the Brothers' colours, but were finally changed to green and gold in 1961 when Wests amalgamated with the Toowong Rugby Club. The merger prompted a shift of home ground from Normanby in Spring Hill to Memorial Park at Sylvan Road in Toowong.
Wests won the first grade Premiership in 1977, the club's 23rd season in the competition. Stan Pileki and Trevor Davies were the props in the team that was captained by Geoff Wessling.
In 1985, Wests won its second Premiership, and went on to become Australian Club champions in 1986 by defeating Parramatta. Later that year, Wests played Toulouse in the final of the Toulouse Masters, losing 11–6.
Wests had four players selected for Australia at the inaugural 1987 Rugby World Cup: Roger Gould, Troy Coker, Bill Campbell and Brian Smith. The depth of future talent at the club in 1987 was illustrated when Wests won all three Colts grade (under 19) premierships on the same day. Thirteen players from the Colts I team went on to representative honours; most notably Phil de Glanville, the future England Captain, who played at centre.
In 1991, Wests won the Minor Premiership but lost the Grand Final to Souths, and a period of rebuilding on and off the field followed. Clubhouse facilities were extended in 1992–93, and the first Women's team was formed in 1994. Wests began another resurgence in the late 1990s. The club made the Grand Final three years in a row from 1998 to 2000 but fell agonisingly short each time.
They finally broke through to win the Premiership again for the first time in 21 years, by beating rugby stronghold Brothers by one point in 2006. The 2020s Wests crop have included Connor Anderson, Lopeti Faifua, Filipo Daugunu, Hunter Paisami, Ilaisa Droasese, Carter Gordon, Mason Gordon (rugby union), Isaac Henry (rugby union), Angelo Smith, and Glen Vaihu. 
Wests became the Minor Premiers in 2022 and went on to defeat the University of Queensland 44–27 to win the Grand Final. In 2023, the Bulldogs made their first back-to-back grand final in over 20 years, ultimately being defeated by Brothers 26-24. In 2024, Wests made their third consecutive Grand Final in a rematch against Brothers, however were once again defeated by two points, going down 29-27.
Premiership Finals results.
"Premiers" (Hospital Challenge Cup)
"Runners-up" (Vince Nicholls Memorial Trophy)
National Club Champions.
The Australian Club Championship is a challenge match between the Brisbane and Sydney club premiers. Wests have played in the fixture three times (1986, 2007 and 2023), winning it once (1986).
Internationals.
"Past and present international players"
&lt;br&gt;
Australian Representatives
International Representatives

</doc>
<doc id="6986605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986605" title="Between Now and Then">
Between Now and Then

Between Now and Then is the 2005 retrospective album by Pittsburgh band The Clarks. The interesting fact about this album is that it is a greatest hits compilation for a band that never achieved national prominence. However, this album allowed the band to combine all of their biggest songs with the intent of drawing in casual listeners. Fifteen of the band's hits were included in this collection, with the former singles "Boys Lie" and "Hell On Wheels" notably absent. Two new songs also were featured, including the upbeat single "Bona Fide." For this album, the band also did a rendition of the 1970s Badfinger classic "No Matter What."

</doc>
<doc id="6986613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986613" title="International Astronautical Congress">
International Astronautical Congress

The International Astronautical Congress (IAC) is an annual meeting of the actors in the discipline of space science.
It is hosted by one of the national society members of the International Astronautical Federation (IAF), with the support of the International Academy of Astronautics (IAA) and the International Institute of Space Law (IISL).
It consists of plenary sessions, lectures and meetings. The IAC is attended by the agency heads and senior executives of the world's space agencies.
As the Second World War came to an end, the United States and the Soviet Union held different and competing political worldviews. As the Cold War began to take shape, communication between the two countries became less frequent. Both countries turned their focus to achieving military superiority over the other.
Six years after the Iron Curtain fell, the IAF was formed by scientists from all over Europe in the field of space research in order to collaborate once more. During the years of the Space Race, the IAF was one of the few forums where members of both East and West Europe could meet during the annual IAC.
International Astronautical Federation Governance.
The International Astronautical Federation is a non-profit non-governmental organization created in 1951. Under French law, the IAF is defined as a federation of member organizations where a General Assembly is responsible for making decisions.
IAF General Assembly.
The IAF General Assembly is in charge of governing the Federation. Composed of delegates from every member organization, the assembly is responsible for voting to approve all major decisions regarding the Federation's rules and regulations as well as the acceptance of new member organizations. The General Assembly meets during the International Astronautical Congress.
IAF Bureau.
The IAF Bureau sets the agenda of the IAF General Assembly, including: review of new member candidates; supervision of IAF activities; and supervision of IAF accounts. It is made up of:
IAF Secretariat.
This branch is in charge of running the administration of the Federation.
Locations of past and future International Astronautical Congresses (IAC).
International Astronautical Congresses are held in the late summer or fall months. In 2002 and 2012, the World Space Congress combined the IAC and COSPAR Scientific Assembly. The 2020 IAC was held virtually due to the global COVID pandemic.

</doc>
<doc id="6986619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986619" title="Lake Nettie National Wildlife Refuge">
Lake Nettie National Wildlife Refuge

Lake Nettie National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) in the U.S. state of North Dakota. of the refuge are public while the remaining is an easement on privately owned land, but the landowners and U.S. Government work cooperatively to protect the resources. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service oversees Lake Nettie NWR from offices at Audubon National Wildlife Refuge.

</doc>
<doc id="6986621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986621" title="Examination of Apollo Moon photographs">
Examination of Apollo Moon photographs



</doc>
<doc id="6986624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986624" title="Watching Brief">
Watching Brief



</doc>
<doc id="6986632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986632" title="Sunshine Coast Stingrays">
Sunshine Coast Stingrays

The Sunshine Coast Stingrays is an Australian rugby union football team that represents Queensland's Sunshine Coast region. The Stingrays played in the Queensland Premier Rugby competition from 2005 to 2013, but now focus on competing in the Queensland Country Championships.
The Stingrays played in the Grand Final in their sixth season in the Premier Rugby competition
in 2010. However, after facing funding difficulties in 2013, the Sunshine Coast Rugby Union decided not to compete in the 2014 season.
Season results.
Queensland Premier Rugby (2005–2013)
Queensland Country Championships (11 QCRU Sub-Unions)
Premiership finals results.
Queensland Premier Rugby (2005–2013)
Queensland Country Championships (1996–2010)
Internationals.
"Internationals selected whilst playing for the Stingrays"
"Internationals selected whilst playing for another Club"

</doc>
<doc id="6986633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986633" title="Educational policies of the European Union">
Educational policies of the European Union



</doc>
<doc id="6986636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986636" title="Tangara (bird)">
Tangara (bird)

Tangara is a large genus of birds of the tanager family. It includes 27 species. All are from the Neotropics, and while most are fairly widespread, some have small distributions and are threatened. They are fairly small, ranging in size from . This genus includes some of the most spectacularly colored birds of the world.
Taxonomy and species list.
The genus "Tangara" was introduced by the French zoologist Mathurin Jacques Brisson in 1760 with the paradise tanager ("Tangara chilensis") as the type species. The name means "dancer" in the extinct Tupi language.
The genus formerly included additional species. A molecular phylogenetic study published in 2014 found that many of the members of "Thraupis" was embedded within "Tangara". In the reorganization to create monophyletic genera, rather than merging "Thraupis" into "Tangara" to create an unusually large genus with around 58 species, taxonomists chose to split off species from "Tangara" into four other genera. Two of these genera were newly erected ("Stilpnia", "Poecilostreptus") and two were resurrected: they had been introduced earlier but were not in use ("Ixothraupis", "Chalcothraupis").
The genus now contains 28 species:
Distribution and habitat.
These tanagers are mainly found high in forest canopies, but some occupy more open habitat. They are found at all elevations below tree line but are most diverse in the Andean subtropical and foothill forests of Colombia, Ecuador and Peru.
Behaviour and ecology.
Breeding.
The female builds a usually well concealed cup nest and lays two brown- or lilac-speckled white eggs. These hatch in 13–14 days and the chicks fledge in a further 15–16 days. The male and female feed the nestlings on insects and fruit, and may be assisted by helpers.
Food and feeding.
"Tangara" tanagers pick insects from leaves, or sometimes in flight, but fruit is a major dietary item, accounting for 53-86% of food items in those species which have been studied.

</doc>
<doc id="6986639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986639" title="V device">
V device



</doc>
<doc id="6986640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986640" title="Tahir ibn Abdallah">
Tahir ibn Abdallah

Tahir ibn 'Abdallah (died 862) was the Tahirid governor of Khurasan from 845 until 862. He was the governor for seventeen years under Abbasid caliph al-Wathiq, al-Mutawakkil and al-Muntasir.
During his father 'Abdallah's lifetime, Tahir was sent into the steppes to the north in order to keep the Oghuz Turks in line; he probably received Samanid assistance in this venture. When 'Abdallah died in 844, the Caliph al-Wathiq originally appointed another Tahirid, Ishaq ibn Ibrahim al-Mus'abi, as his successor in Khurasan, but then reversed this decision and confirmed Tahir as governor.
Little is known about Tahir's rule, although there was unrest in some of the outlying provinces. Sistan, for example, was lost to the Tahirids when the 'ayyar leader Salih ibn al-Nadr drove out Tahir's governor and took power there himself. Tahir died in 862; his will stated that his young son Muhammad should succeed him as governor, and this was honored by the caliph.

</doc>
<doc id="6986641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986641" title="Solid geometry (Film)">
Solid geometry (Film)



</doc>
<doc id="6986645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986645" title="Unfair coin">
Unfair coin



</doc>
<doc id="6986648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986648" title="Tatyana Bulanova">
Tatyana Bulanova



</doc>
<doc id="6986652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986652" title="Volatile Works">
Volatile Works

Volatile Works is a five-member film and new media art collective in Montreal, Quebec established in 2003.
Activities.
The Volatile Works collective has produced works in diverse mediums, genres, and styles, with an emphasis on do-it-yourself forms of production. Their works have appeared in over 140 film and new media art festivals in over 28 countries around the world. The collective organizes regular short film screenings, and has collaborated with other collectives and musicians on community-based screenings, workshops in activist video, 16 mm &amp; Super-8 projections, and music videos. Their media include digital video, Super-8, 16mm, animation, web art, sound, installation art, and live performances. In 2007, they were named "Noisemakers" by the Montreal Mirror.
From "La Revue de la Cinémathèque Québécoise" (Sept-Dec. 2007), by Domique Dugas: "Volatile Works is composed of five very strong and distinct signatures, from Witcaky's experimental films that cross avant-garde accents with surrealism, to DeGiglio-Bellemare's B-movie and horror film explorations seasoned with agitprop perspectives, to Pomgrenade's anti-militarism and politically engaged cinema." (Translated from the French).

</doc>
<doc id="6986655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986655" title="Larg">
Larg

Larg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6986658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986658" title="Lurge">
Lurge



</doc>
<doc id="6986659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986659" title="Electro Hippies">
Electro Hippies

Electro Hippies were an English thrashcore band formed in St Helens/Wigan, England, in 1985.
Though they were short-lived and underground through their career, their music influenced many future crust, hardcore punk, and grindcore bands. The band relied heavily on low bass end sounds to create their low-fi, primitively produced music. They also incorporated elements of heavy metal and have been described as "proto-grindcore". The band strongly embraced the D.I.Y. (do it yourself) ethic which was very common among many early crust punk bands. The band's lyrics spoke heavily about animal rights and vegetarianism. A recurring lyrical theme on each LP targeted the McDonald's corporation, evidenced by the lyrics to "Run Ronald" and "Scum".
The band were supported by John Peel for whom they recorded a radio session in 1987, released as an EP by Strange Fruit Records the same year.
The Electro Hippies included Jeff Walker (guitar, vocals) in their ranks. He later joined extreme metal band Carcass. When Walker joined Carcass full-time, Simon (drums) and Andy (guitar) took over vocal duties. Eventually, the band split up in 1989, playing one last gig and releasing the show as their final album.
Discography.
During their short career, they also appeared on many compilations, such as "A Vile Peace", "Digging in Water", the "Peel sessions" sampler, and "Vile Vibes".

</doc>
<doc id="6986660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986660" title="Lardge">
Lardge



</doc>
<doc id="6986666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986666" title="JN Kellett">
JN Kellett



</doc>
<doc id="6986673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986673" title="Headway (disambiguation)">
Headway (disambiguation)

Headway is a term that commonly refers to:
Headway may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6986676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986676" title="GPS Rugby">
GPS Rugby

GPS Rugby Club, colloquially known as Jeeps, is an Australian rugby union club based at Ashgrove in Brisbane that plays in the Queensland Premier Rugby competition.
GPS also participates in the Brisbane Grades and Colts competitions, and in the "Golden Oldies" competition for the over 35's.
The club has produced more than fifty Wallabies, including Ben Tune, Daniel Herbert, and Matt Cockbain, and many other representative and professional players.
Club names.
"Jeeps" is derived from "GPS Old Boys", which was adopted as the name of the club in the 1930s. The club traces its origins back to 1887, when the "Past &amp; Present Grammar Club" was formed from teachers, students, and past students of the Brisbane Grammar School (BGS).
"Past &amp; Present Grammar" evolved into "Past Grammar", and eventually "BGS Old Boys". The "BGS Old Boys" became "GPS Old Boys" when broadening the membership base in 1931, as players were sought from other Great Public Schools (GPS).
Jeeps has no formal link with the GPS Association, apart from the name, and the club is open to senior and junior players from all schools and backgrounds.
History.
GPS Old Boys claims to be one of the oldest rugby clubs in Australia, and traces its heritage back to a Past &amp; Present Grammar club formed in 1887. The Past &amp; Present Grammar Club fielded teams made up of teachers, students, and some past students of the Brisbane Grammar School through to 1890.
At a meeting of the Old Boys on Thursday 5 March 1891, it was decided to form a Club composed of past members of the Brisbane Grammar School. "(ref: Brisbane Courier Saturday 7 March 1891)". This Past Grammar Club was a separate entity from the Past &amp; Present Grammar Club.
The Past Grammar Club played in the Senior Grade competition in Brisbane from 1891 through to 1900, until the introduction of the Electorate Football System in 1901. The club returned with the reintroduction of the Club Football System in 1905, and played through to 1914.
After WWI, Past Grammar rejoined Brothers, Valleys &amp; University and played in the 1919 QRU competition, but moved over to Rugby League in 1920 when the Rugby Union was disbanded in the 1920s. The Past Grammar Club that moved to Rugby League would later become Northern Suburbs Districts and finally Norths Devils in the Brisbane Rugby League.
A new incarnation called BGS Old Boys Football Club was formed in 1928, when a small faction of members from the original Past Grammar left the club to play in the reinstated rugby union competition. "(Ref: Norths Devils website)"
BGS Old Boys played a number of exhibition games against the newly formed YMCA Club. However this new Club was quite separate to the original Past Grammar Club which was still playing in the Brisbane Rugby League Competition. These 2 Clubs would form the heart of the 5 Club 1929 QRU Senior Rugby Competition which also included Valleys, Wynnum District and Past Commercials.
According to noted rugby historian Ian Diehm in his book Red! Red! Red!, Past Grammar reformed along with other clubs after the devastation of the first world war, and eventually became GPS Old Boys in 1931 after a change of constitution, which broadened its membership beyond old boys of Brisbane Grammar. The first president of GPS Old Boys was Dr Kenneth Fraser and its first coach Dr "Jacky" Beath, the former Wallaby and Australian Infantry Forces fullback.
Four members of the club - "Blow" Ide, Bill McLean, Boyd Oxlade and Llewellyn "Welly" Lewis went to England with the 1939 Wallabies, but only McLean continued after World War II. McLean was the first of GPS's two Australian captains, Arch Winning being the second.
The club has had many homes: New Farm Park, Finsbury Park and, since 1977, Ashgrove Sports Ground.
Past Grammar had won premierships in 1892, 1898, 1899 and 1914. GPS won the 1942 and 1943 "A" Grade Premierships (Keith Horsley Memorial Trophy) against Eagle Junction and University respectively, but had to wait until 1961 to win the Hospital Challenge Cup, coached by the former GPS player and later Queensland and Australian coach, the late Bob Templeton.
The club won the premiership again in 1972 and for a fifth time in 1996, when the A Grade team upset Souths 12-6. After a 22-year drought, GPS won the premiership for a sixth time in 2018.
HISTORICAL CHRONOLOGY 
"School Team (BRISBANE GRAMMAR SCHOOL)"
"Old Boys Team (PAST GRAMMAR)"
"Old Boys Team (GPS OLD BOYS)"
Premiership finals results.
Past Grammar.
"Premiers (5)"
"Runners-Up (9)"
GPS Old Boys.
"Premiers (6)"
"Runners-Up (19)"
Notes&lt;br&gt;
National Club Champions.
The Australian Club Championship is a challenge match between the Brisbane and Sydney club premiers. GPS have played in the fixture twice, winning it in 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="6986678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986678" title="Hal Schacker">
Hal Schacker

Harold Schacker (April 6, 1925 – October 2, 2015) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher who appeared in six games, all in relief, for the Boston Braves in 1945. At the age of 20, the , right-hander was the tenth-youngest player to appear in a National League game that season. He was born in Brooklyn, New York, and was Jewish.
Schacker is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut on May 9, 1945 against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Braves Field, with his final appearance on June 14. In a total of 15 innings pitched he was 0–1 with 3 games finished, struck out 6, and walked 9. He gave up 12 runs (9 earned), giving him an ERA of 5.28.
External links.
, or Retrosheet
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6986680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986680" title="Miller sisters">
Miller sisters



</doc>
<doc id="6986681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986681" title="Muslims in Ukraine">
Muslims in Ukraine



</doc>
<doc id="6986683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986683" title="Arthur Bryant (restauranteur)">
Arthur Bryant (restauranteur)



</doc>
<doc id="6986687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986687" title="R3 expressway (Slovakia)">
R3 expressway (Slovakia)

R3 is a mostly planned expressway () passing through central Slovakia in a north–south direction along European route E77.
It goes from the border with Hungary, moving north around Krupina to Zvolen, from there it is currently planned to share an 18 km section with R1 and R2 from Budča to Žiar nad Hronom. It is planned to share a section between Žiar nad Hronom and Ráztočno near Handlová with R2. The route then continues north, from Martin sharing a section with the D1 before splitting off in Hubová, going from Dolný Kubín through the Orava River valley to Trstená and ending at border with Poland.The motorway goes along the route I/59, I/18, I/65 and through I/66
From the total length of approximately 230 km (excluding shared sections), these sections are currently in operation:
What's in construction of the R3 is:
The route of the R3, which is designed in three parts, in the north from Trstená to the intersection with the D1 highway in Likavka, in the central part from the intersection with the D1 highway in Martin to the intersection with the expressway along the R2 road in Ráztoč and in the southern part from the intersection with the R1 expressway in Budča to the state border of Slovakia with Hungary near Šahy, where the R3 will connect to the Hungarian highway M2. Even though the connection of the R3 road to the Polish highway network is currently not expected in the north, due to the currently missing highway construction project on the Polish side, this position will probably change in the future. In 2019, the preparation of a technical study was launched in Poland for the continuation of the Polish expressway S7, from the current termination in Rabka-Zdrój to the state border with a prospective connection to the R3 road. The technical study of this road was completed at the end of 2020, Poland envisages the construction of a high-capacity four-lane road. Between Šahy and Dudince, the R3 road will intersect with the R7 road.[2][3]
The total length of the R3, with the exception of toll roads, i.e. sections that the R3 route shares with other highways and expressways, is approximately 200 km. In the case of the route of the southern part of this road, in the section roughly between Zvolen and the state border with Hungary, the technical study also allows the possibility of ending the road R3 in Štúrovo instead of Šahy and at the same time, the technical study also allows the possibility of the route of the road R3 through Hronský Beňadik instead of Budča. The specific route of the R3 road in the southern section has not yet been determined. The southern section of the R3 expressway is at the same time the oldest in terms of plans, as the highway in this corridor is already mentioned in the Resolution of the Government of the Czechoslovak Republic No. 286/1963 from 1963. This resolution envisaged the construction of highway No. 66 in the section from Zvolen directly south to Šahy.
The lengths and routes of individual sections listed below are based on provisional construction plans in 2020, but considering the fact that many sections of the R3 road are only at the beginning, it is almost certain that the lengths and routes of unbuilt sections will still change. In 2020, there was a total change in the routing in the area of Dolný Kubín and in the section from the D1 highway to Dolný Kubín. Road R3 is to be implemented to a considerable extent as a reconstruction or completion of the existing road I/59. The R3 road through the town of Dolný Kubín has been newly extended. The planned intersection of the R3 road with the D1 highway was moved from the Hubová location to the Likavka location.
The international route E77 passes along the route of road R3. R3 will lighten traffic on the Kremnické Bane mountain pass, which is located on I/65. Construction on almost the entire length of R3 will require the relocation of roads, watercourses and engineering networks, as part of environmental protection, sewerage with the separation of oil substances and noise barriers will be built. The construction of two tunnels is tentatively planned for the R3 route; Biela Skala (630m) and Sklené (3450m). Both tunnels are located on the planned Horná Štubňa - Ráztočno section. According to the current plans of the Ministry of Transport, with the exception of the section near Tvrdošín, no sections of the R3 road will be constructed or open until 2028. Sections at a high level of preparation were not included in the plans either. With regard to the current intentions of the Ministry of Transport, the operation of the expressway along the entire length of the route cannot be expected before the year 2050.[4][5][6]
Future of construction.
Trstená bypass.
The Trstená bypass on the R3 was under construction since April 2008 and after 30 months it was completed on 29 October 2010 the section is completely paved and handed over in half profile. The construction was financed from the state budget and was implemented by the companies VÁHOSTAV – SK, a. with. and Inžinierske stavby, a. with. . The length of the section is 7.2 km. There are 14 bridges and 3 intersections on the section, including two level crossings at both ends as a temporary connection to the roadI/59.
Tvrdošín – Nižná.
Tvrdošín – Nižná is a section of R3 under construction. Due to the lack of funding for the construction of this section in 2018, its construction did not start until 3 years later. Its length is 4.4 km. It is being built for €62 million. The route runs on the left bank of the Oravy. There will be 14 bridge objects, 2 extra-level intersections and a large left-side rest area "Tvrdošín". The contract for construction in a half profile was signed 25 February 2021 with a completion date of 2023.
Nižná – Dlhá nad Oravou.
The planned section will extend R3 to the village of Dlhá nad Oravou by a length of 8.6 km. Construction was to begin in 2019 and completion was planned for 2022. The state will finance the section with a budget of €94,602,668.80 (SKK 2,850,000,000) according to plans from 2006. The route runs parallel to II/584. The Podbiel tunnel, 515 meters long, 19 bridges, and a level crossing is planned here.
Dlhá nad Oravou – Sedliacka Dubová.
The section Dlhá nad Oravou – Sedliacka Dubová will extend the R3 by 4.2 km. The construction was planned for the years 2015–2017, while according to the plans from 2006, the construction should cost €48,131,182.37 (SKK 1,450,000,000). The section includes the Dlha nad Oravou and Sedliacká Dubová bypasses, 11 bridges, and a level crossing. The route will be built on varied geological ground.
Horna lehota - oravsky podzamok.
Section R3 between Horná Lehota and Oravský Podzámok is a section of R3 in use since 2007, although only in half profile. The length of the section is 6.442 km, its construction took place in the years 2004 - 2007 by the companies Váhostav - SK, a.s., Max Bogl and Skanska, a.s., the construction was financed by the state budget. The section replaced I/59, which increased the flow and safety of traffic. According to STN 736100, category R11.5/100 was used for the section, as a result of which the maximum permitted speed is limited to 100 km/h. There are 9 bridges on the route, one of which is dominant over the Orava River and the railway, 750 meters long, 2 intersections (at the beginning and at the end).
Oravský Podzámok – Dolný Kubín north.
Section R3, which will connect to Dolný Kubín to the expressway network, was to be built in the years 2016 - 2018, early use was planned for 2017. Its total length is 3,226 km. According to plans from 2007, the construction should cost the state budget €27,822,644.9 (SKK 838,185,000). The section will include 3 bridges, the "Dolný Kubín-sever" interchange.
Dolný Kubín-north – R3 D1 junction.
The section Dolný Kubín - intersection D1 is a section connecting the town of Dolný Kubín with the D1 highway. Alternatives for connecting to the highway with connection to MÚK Hubová and MÚK Likavka are currently being assessed. The original variant for Kraľovany was rejected from an environmental point of view. Its length will be 17.8 km. The section is situated at the interface of Oravy and Liptova. The section will have 3 level crossings and 2 tunnels near Dolný Kubín with a length of 1569 m and 3004 m.
Horna Štubna bypass.
The construction of the 4.321 km long Horne Štubna section began in December 2008. The construction was financed from the state budget and was made by the companies "Strabag, a.s." and "Skanska, a.s." Ochvat is located near the junction of the mountain passes Kremnické Bane and Šturec. The route is located in the corridor Zvolen – Diviaky railway line. There are 6 bridges and two level crossings at the end and beginning of the route. The building was ceremonially handed over for use on 23 November 2010 .
Zvolen - Šahy.
The process of assessing the effects of the proposed activity "Expressway R3 Zvolen – Šahy" on the environment was stopped. According to the NDS statement, the preparation of the 6.5 km long Krupina bypass and the 4.8 km long Šahy bypass will continue, for which the NDS will have financial coverage.

</doc>
<doc id="6986688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986688" title="Wildlife Warriors">
Wildlife Warriors

Wildlife Warriors, originally called the Steve Irwin Conservation Foundation, is a conservationist organization that was established in 2002 by Steve Irwin and his wife Terri, to involve and educate others in the protection of injured, threatened or endangered wildlife. Terri is still involved in the organization as patron and significant advisor.
Logo.
The logo represents the pugmarks of five endangered animals:
They surround a human footprint.
After Steve Irwin's death.
After the death of Steve Irwin on 4 September 2006, thousands of people from around the world offered their support and donations to the conservation group. On 14 October 2006, Wildlife Warriors executive manager Michael Hornby reported that donations to the fund in the past month had reached $2 million – enough to fund its animal hospital and international programs for six to nine months. The conservationist's one-hour public memorial service, which aired worldwide from Australia Zoo in September, has also been made into a DVD which was released across Australia on 14 October, all proceeds of which are to be used to fund the future of the charity.
Irwin's daughter Bindi Irwin, then nine years old, became the new public face of Wildlife Warriors after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="6986689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986689" title="Sthaviras">
Sthaviras



</doc>
<doc id="6986690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986690" title="Gavin Henderson">
Gavin Henderson

Gavin Douglas Henderson CBE (born 3 February 1948) is an English arts administrator, conductor and trumpeter. Between 2007 and 2020 he was principal of the Royal Central School of Speech and Drama at the University of London.
He resigned on 12 June 2020 over the schools failure to tackle racism and comments he made in 2018, admitting that they were racist.
He was involved in controversy in 2018 when during a debate at the event Dear White Central, he suggested that the introduction of diversity quotas at the school could constitute a 'risk'.
Biography.
Gavin Henderson was educated at Brighton College, where his father was a member of the teaching staff, Brighton College of Art, Kingston Art College, University College London and the Slade School of Fine Art. From 1985 to 2010 he was the Artistic Director of Dartington International Summer School. From 1983 to 1994 he was the Artistic Director of Brighton International Festival. From 1994 to 2005 he was principal of Trinity College of Music (TCM), where he was responsible for moving TCM to its new premises in the Old Royal Naval College at Greenwich and for its merger with Laban (a nearby school of contemporary dance) to form Trinity Laban.
He has also been Chairman of the National Foundation for Youth Music, Chairman of the Arts Council of England's Music Panel, Vice President of the British Arts Festivals Association and the European Festivals Association, Governor of Chetham's School, Manchester and Chairman of Arts Worldwide/World Circuit Arts. He is currently Honorary President of the National Piers Society.
He was appointed CBE in the 2004 Birthday Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="6986696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986696" title="Teresa Żylis-Gara">
Teresa Żylis-Gara

Teresa Żylis-Gara (23 January 1930 – 28 August 2021) was a Polish operatic soprano who enjoyed a major international career from the 1950s through the 1990s.
She made her stage debut at the Opera Krakowska in 1958 in the title role of Moniuszko's "Halka", and later recorded Chopin's Polish songs and songs by Karol Szymanowski. After achieving 3rd prize at the ARD International Music Competition in 1960, she became an ensemble member of the Oper Dortmund and the Deutsche Oper am Rhein. She was recognised internationally when she appeared at the Glyndebourne Festival in 1965 in the title role of "Der Rosenkavalier", alongside Montserrat Caballé, and two years later as Donna Elvira in Mozart's "Don Giovanni". From 1970, she was a long-time member of the Metropolitan Opera in New York City, where she appeared in leading roles including Desdemona in Verdi's "Otello", and Puccini's Mimì, Liù and Manon Lescaut. She performed a broad repertoire both on stage as in concert and recital, adjusting flexibly to music from different periods. Her unique voice was described as "both bright and substantial, which means that she can convey the intensity of emotion". She was awarded honorary doctorates, the Order of Polonia Restituta, the Legion of Honour, and a sculpture in a public Polish park.
Life and career.
Poland.
She was born Teresa Żylis in Landwarów, Second Polish Republic (now Lentvaris in Lithuania). Her father, Franciszek Żylis, a railwayman, was able to provide the family with a modest but stable existence from a state job. She had five older siblings: Mieczysław, Henryk, Romuald, Zofia and Maria (who died at the age of 14). There was music in her family home. Her brothers played guitar and mandolin. All family members sang. Teresa sang in the church choir as a child. After World War II in 1946, she and her family moved to Łódź. She studied for nine years at the Łódź Music Academy with . In 1954, Żylis-Gara won first prize at the Polish Young Vocalists Contest in Warsaw which led to engagements to sing on the Polish National Radio and to perform as a soloist with the Kraków Philharmonic. In 1956 she made her professional opera debut with Opera Krakowska in the title role of Moniuszko's "Halka". She returned there the following year to portray the title role in Puccini's "Madama Butterfly". In 1958 Żylis-Gara won 2nd prize at the International Singing Competition of Toulouse and in 1960 she won 3rd prize at the ARD International Music Competition in Munich.
Germany 1960–1970.
The ARD competition win led to her engagement at the Theater Oberhausen, where she appeared in many Mozart roles including Fiordiligi in Mozart's "Così fan tutte". She continued her voice training in Germany with Dietger Jacob. She joined the ensemble of the Oper Dortmund in 1962. When the new Opernhaus Dortmund was opened in 1966, she performed the title role in "Der Rosenkavalier" by Richard Strauss, alongside Elisabeth Grümmer as Marschallin, Liselotte Hammes as Sophie and Kurt Böhme as Ochs, the Dortmunder Philharmoniker conducted by Wilhelm Schüchter. In 1965 she joined the Deutsche Oper am Rhein. By now fluent in German, she appeared as Rosalinde in "Die Fledermaus" by Johann Strauss, which requires spoken dialogue, and as Agathe in Weber's "Der Freischütz". She remained at the houses through 1970, and later returned often as a guest. She also appeared as a guest at the Oper Frankfurt, the Hamburg State Opera, the Cologne Opera, the Bavarian State Opera, Deutsche Oper Berlin, and the Vienna State Opera during the 1960s and 1970s.
During her residence in Germany, Żylis-Gara was active internationally, beginning in 1965 at the Glyndebourne Festival as Rosenkavalier, with Montserrat Caballé as Feldmarschallin, and in 1967 as Donna Elvira in Mozart's "Don Giovanni". In 1966, she performed for the first time at the Palais Garnier in Paris which led to a contract with the Opéra National de Paris through 1969. In 1968, she made her house debut at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden in London as Violetta in Verdi's La traviata. In 1968, she appeared as Donna Elvira at the Salzburg Festival conducted by Herbert von Karajan, at the San Francisco Opera, and in 1969 at the Royal Opera House. Żylis-Gara regarded Mozart's hapless quasi-heroine as her "destiny role."
Metropolitan Opera 1970–1984.
Żylis-Gara's first appeared at the Metropolitan Opera in New York City on 17 December 1968, again as Donna Elvira. Irving Kolodin of the "Saturday Review" wrote of her performance: 
After this performance, Rudolf Bing, general manager of the house, offered her a long-term contract with the company beginning in January 1970 with Pamina in Mozart's "The Magic Flute". She remained on the Met roster for the next 14 seasons, portraying such roles as Countess Almaviva in Mozart's "The Marriage of Figaro", Amelia in Verdi's "Un ballo in maschera", "Madame Butterfly", Desdemona in Verdi's "Otello", Elisabeth in Wagner's "Tannhäuser", Elsa in "Lohengrin", Fiordiligi, Leonora in Verdi's "Il trovatore", Liù in Puccini's "Turandot", Marguerite in Gounod's "Faust", Mimì in Puccini's "La bohème", Octavian in "Der Rosenkavalier", Tatiana in Tchaikovsky's "Eugene Onegin", La traviata, and the title roles in Cilea's "Adriana Lecouvreur", and Puccini's "Suor Angelica" and "Tosca". She was La traviata again for Robert Merrill's 25th anniversary (31 October 1970), and Amelia in Carlo Bergonzi's 25th anniversary gala on 22 April 1972. She took part in the Gala honoring Rudolf Bing, as Desdemona in the love duet from "Otello" with Franco Corelli, conducted by Karl Böhm. She also joined the Met on tour. In her performances at the Met, numerous artists made their house debuts, including Hildegard Behrens, Neil Shicoff, Kurt Moll, Isola Jones, and Siegfried Jerusalem. A reviewer of "Turandot" at the Aix-en-Provence Festival wrote that she was "a Liù full of sweetness, whose lovely pianissimi would overcome a heart even colder than that of the cruel princess". Her final and 233rd performance at the Metropolitan Opera was Puccini's "Manon Lescaut" on 31 March 1984, with Vasile Moldoveanu as Des Grieux, Allan Monk as Lescaut, and Nello Santi conducting.
In the 1970s, Żylis-Gara appeared as a guest, especially at the Deutsche Oper Berlin and the Vienna State Opera. She sang annually at the Royal Opera House from 1976 to 1980. She was also a soloist at La Scala in Milan, Teatr Wielki in Warsaw, the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires, the Teatro Real in Madrid, the Lyric Opera of Chicago, and the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow. She also performed in operas houses in Amsterdam and Miami.
Personal life.
At the beginning of her studies, she got married. Her husband was the engineer Jerzy Gara, after whom she took the double name of Żylis-Gara. While still a student, she gave birth to a son, Jerzy. As a result of a long separation from her husband and son, the family broke up. She lived in Monaco from 1980. She died on 28 August 2021 in Łódź at age 91. She was buried on 10 September 2021 in the Alley of Merit at Doły municipal cemetery in Łódź.
Awards.
Żylis-Gara received a honorary doctorate of the Karol Lipiński Academy of Music in 2004. The President of Poland awarded her the Commander's Cross with Star of the Order of Polonia Restituta. In 2012 she was appointed officer of the Legion of Honour. She received an honorary doctorate from the Academy of Music in Łódź in 2016. A concert in her honour was performed on the occasion of her 90th birthday at the Teatr Wielki.
Recordings.
Żylis-Gara recorded in opera, concert and lied, include Chopin's Polish songs and songs by Karol Szymanowski, the title role in Massenet's "Manon", (conducted by Jean Fournet), the Composer in "Ariadne auf Naxos" by Richard Strauss, (conducted by Rudolf Kempe), Rossini's "Mosè in Egitto", (conducted by Wolfgang Sawallisch), Elvira in "Don Giovanni", (with Karl Böhm), and Elisabetta in "Don Carlo", (with Thomas Schippers). She recorded the soprano in Mozart's Requiem with Wolfgang Gönnenwein. In 1966 she recorded Bach cantatas with the Windsbacher Knabenchor, conducted by Hans Thamm, including "Wer nur den lieben Gott läßt walten", BWV 93. She is the soprano soloist in Gönnenwein's 1968 recording of Bach's "St Matthew Passion", and recorded the part in a 1969 recording with Peter Schreier, Hermann Prey, Margarita Lilowa and Max van Egmond, played by RAI National Symphony Orchestra and conducted by Claudio Abbado. A performance of Donizetti's "Anna Bolena", broadcast from Cologne by Westdeutscher Rundfunk (WDR) in 1967, featured Żylis-Gara in the title role, Karl Ridderbusch (Enrico), Vera Little (Giovanna), Gene Ferguson (Percy), Wolfgang Anheisser (Rochefort), Barbara Scherler (Smeton) and Werner Hollweg (Hervey), was conducted by Alberto Erede, and has been reissued on CD. In 1986, she recorded live Bach cantatas for soprano solo including "Mein Herze schwimmt im Blut", BWV 199, at the inauguration of the Théâtre La Colonne in Miramas, conducted by Dominique Debart.
CDs.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="6986697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986697" title="Krasnoe Selo">
Krasnoe Selo



</doc>
<doc id="6986703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986703" title="Mahāsāṅghikas">
Mahāsāṅghikas



</doc>
<doc id="6986706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986706" title="Eric K. Meyer">
Eric K. Meyer

Eric K. Meyer (born August 23, 1953) is an American associate professor of journalism at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and a newspaper publisher. He is also a former associate dean for academic and administrative affairs with the university's College of Media.
Biography.
Meyer was born in Marion, Kansas. His first newspaper was the "Meyer Messenger", which he created as a child. He photocopied the homemade newspaper and distributed it to residents of his neighborhood. Meyer earned a bachelor of science degree in journalism from the University of Kansas in 1975 and earned a master of arts degree in journalism from Marquette University in 1998.
From 1975 to 1977 Meyer worked as a Sunday edition editor, assistant news editor and reporter for Illinois' "Bloomington Pantagraph", and later as a news photo and graphics editor, assistant news editor, systems editor, copy desk chief and reporter for the "Milwaukee Journal" from 1977 to 1994.
Meyer, a former adjunct lecturer at Marquette University, is an associate professor of journalism at the University of Illinois, where he has been a member of the faculty since 1996. His primary duties include teaching information graphics, page layout and design, and online journalism. He also is associate dean for academic affairs and administration in U of I's College of Media.
Meyer started working at "Marion County Record" in fifth grade, and became an owner with his parents in 1998. At the time he taught at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and sometimes helped out at the paper during school breaks. In 2020, Meyer visited his hometown during spring break and didn't return to campus due to COVID-19 pandemic in the United States. He taught classes online for a year and retired after growing frustrated with online learning and did not wanting to teach a hybrid class.
He is the former owner of "NewsLink", an online resource to national and international news publication websites, including resources to newspapers, magazines, radio, television, and blogs. Meyer is president and majority owner of Hoch Publishing Co., publisher of "Marion County Record", "Hillsboro Star-Journal" and the "Peabody Gazette-Bulletin". He is the third of three family generations in the newspaper business.
On Friday, August 11, 2023, four local police officers and two sheriff's deputies raided the office of the "Marion County Record" newspaper; the home of its co-owners, Eric Meyer and his 98 year old mother, Joan Meyer; and the home of Marion vice mayor Ruth Herbel, 80. They seized computers, cell phones, and other equipment. Joan Meyer was unable to eat or sleep after the raid; she collapsed Saturday afternoon and died at her home. The "Record" planned to file a federal lawsuit against the city and collaborating law enforcement agencies. Marion County police defended their raid, citing a First Amendment exception for suspected criminal activity - alleged identity theft in the paper's earlier report regarding a Marion restaurateur's liquor license and drunken driving charge.
Published works.
Books:
Other work:

</doc>
<doc id="6986712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986712" title="The Mill (Middle-Earth)">
The Mill (Middle-Earth)



</doc>
<doc id="6986714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986714" title="Souths Rugby">
Souths Rugby

Souths Rugby Club or Souths is an Australian rugby union club based in Brisbane, and the Southern districts area that currently plays in the Queensland Premier Rugby club competition. The club was established in 1948, and since then has produced a host of Queensland and Wallaby rugby players.
Queensland Premier Rugby results.
Premiers, Hospital Cup Premierships ("Hospital Cup")
Runners-up, ("Vince Nicholls Memorial Trophy")
Australian Club Championship results.
Premiers, Club Championship years
Runners-up, Club Championship years
Honours.
Queensland Premier Rugby – Premiers: (10) 1958, 1986, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1998, 2000, 2015
Queensland Premier Rugby – Runners-up: (10) 1955, 1957, 1962, 1980, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1996, 1997, 2009 
Australian Club Championship – Premiers: (1) 1987
Australian Club Championship – Runners-up: (2) 1991, 2016

</doc>
<doc id="6986724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986724" title="Cannon (surname)">
Cannon (surname)

Cannon is a surname of Gaelic origin: in Ireland, specifically Tir Chonaill (Donegal) (North West Ireland). It is also a Manx surname, where it arose from the Goidelic "Mac Canann" meaning "son of a whelp or wolf", related to the Anglo-Irish "Mac Connon", "Connon" and similar names.
People with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6986728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986728" title="Yōma">
Yōma

Yōma or Youma may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6986731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986731" title="Chris Ianetta">
Chris Ianetta



</doc>
<doc id="6986732" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986732" title="Vault (fallout)">
Vault (fallout)



</doc>
<doc id="6986740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986740" title="Wouter schievink">
Wouter schievink



</doc>
<doc id="6986741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986741" title="Lick It Up (song)">
Lick It Up (song)

"Lick It Up" is a song by the American rock band Kiss. The title track to the group's 1983 album of the same name, it was released as the album's first single. Musicians Paul Stanley and Vinnie Vincent composed the song. It was a Top 40 hit in the United Kingdom, although it failed to chart as highly in the band's native U.S. 
"Lick It Up" has been staple of the band's live performances. Due to its popularity among fans, Kiss has performed the song over 1,500 times as of December 2024, making it one of the group's top ten most-played pieces.
Song information.
A video was made to promote the single. It was the first music clip to feature the band without its makeup. The video premiered on MTV on September 18, 1983, in a half-hour special hosted by J. J. Jackson. Despite the hype and promotion for the single, it stalled at #66 on the American "Billboard" Hot 100. However, the song broke into the Top 40 in several other countries.
Kiss has performed "Lick It Up" on most of its tours since the single's release. The track was featured on the group's live albums "Alive III" and "". It also appears on 2001's "The Box Set". While a few others have been played in limited to rare occasions over the years, it is the only song from the band's unmasked era that has been regularly played live as a setlist staple since they returned to wearing their trademark makeup in 1996.
Reception.
The American trade publication "Cash Box" stated that "high lead and backup vocals over a slowly throbbing guitar and drum rhythm set up an instructive lesson in feeling good." The single was named as one of the journal's 'Feature Picks'.
Personnel.
Kiss

</doc>
<doc id="6986745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986745" title="Overspeed (disambiguation)">
Overspeed (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6986748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986748" title="Adolf Muschg">
Adolf Muschg

Adolf Muschg (born 13 May 1934) is a Swiss writer and professor of literature. Muschg was a member of the Gruppe Olten.
Biography.
Adolf Muschg was born in Zollikon, canton of Zürich, Switzerland. He studied German studies, English studies and philosophy at the universities of Zürich and Cambridge and earned his doctoral degree with a work about Ernst Barlach.
Between 1959 and 1962, he worked as a teacher in Zürich. Different engagements as a teacher followed in (Göttingen), Japan and the US. From 1970 to 1999 Muschg was professor of German language and literature at the Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule, Zürich.
He wrote the foreword to Fritz Zorn's controversial memoirs "Mars". The book pointed out the supposedly "cancer-causing" lifestyle of Zurich's wealthy gold coast and provoked a scandal in Switzerland; its author died of cancer before its release. Muschg was also provocative with works like "Wenn Auschwitz in der Schweiz liegt" ("If Auschwitz were in Switzerland"). One of his most famous works is the 1993 novel "Der Rote Ritter", which is a playful retelling of the medieval romance "Parzival" over more than 1000 pages, and frequently described as postmodernist. His detractors suggest that Muschg was writing without direct experience. A theme of his newer works is often love in old age.
Since 1976 he has been a member of the Academy of Arts, Berlin; he is also a member of the Akademie der Wissenschaften und der Literatur, Mainz and the Deutsche Akademie für Sprache und Dichtung, Darmstadt. In 2003 he was elected president of the Berlin Academy but left the presidency in December 2005 because of disagreements with the academy's senate about public relations.
Muschg lives in Männedorf near Zürich. His estate is archived in the Swiss Literary Archives in Bern.

</doc>
<doc id="6986757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986757" title="Gobanos">
Gobanos



</doc>
<doc id="6986766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986766" title="University of Queensland Rugby Club">
University of Queensland Rugby Club

The University of Queensland Rugby Club is an Australian rugby club, based at the University of Queensland in Brisbane, Queensland. They currently compete in the Queensland Premier Rugby competition. They were formed in 1911, as rugby was adopted by the Sports Association at the University of Queensland as a major sport.
The University of Queensland Rugby Football Club, although recently incorporated, was founded in 1911. Since then the club has seen several thousands of young men and women enjoy the game of Rugby and develop many friendships.
The club is affiliated with the Queensland Rugby Union (QRU) which is one of the member unions of the Australian Rugby Union (ARU). The club is also affiliated with The University of Queensland and has a relationship with local junior club, the Kenmore Bears.
The University of Queensland Rugby Club provides an environment where excellence and academic achievements are encouraged and extolled. Throughout the years, the club has established a proud Rugby tradition of great camaraderie, mateship and enjoyment which has significantly contributed to its ongoing success both on and off the field.
Many of the club's players have been rewarded with representative honours whilst others have further contributed to the game as coaches, managers or administrators. 215 University players have represented Queensland with 66 having been selected for Australia (7 as captain).
In terms of elite coaches, the following have represented the Club at the highest level:
Past players including Norbert Byrne, David Crombie, Dick Marks, Leo Williams and David Usasz have also made a mark on the game with their time served on the Boards of the Queensland Rugby Union and/or the Australian Rugby Union whilst Steve Wilson is a current member of the QRU Board having joined in March 2006.
The club is located on The University of Queensland St Lucia campus where it has its own Clubhouse and the use of three illuminated fields. The club is administered by a committee of honorary members who are assisted by full-time staff and coaches.
The club's players were available for selection to the now defunct Australian Rugby Championship franchise Ballymore Tornadoes.
Premiership Finals results.
Notes
† Challenge Final – Some competitions in the early 1900s included the right to challenge the winner of the Premiership Final if a club won the Minor premiership and did not win the Premiership Final. The resultant match was called the Challenge Final and was later called the Grand Final. 
‡ The 1979 Grand Final was replayed after a 24–24 draw.
National Club Champions.
University have been the Australian club champions on two occasions (1990 and 2011).
Rivalry with Brothers Rugby Club.
The long tradition of clashes with Brothers first began in senior competition on 8 June 1912, with Brothers running out victors 24–0. The tradition of hard, close fought games between these two clubs remains a feature of the Brisbane club scene and there have been many memorable tussles over the years, particularly in grand finals. The most famous being the 24-all draw in 1979 that resulted in a rematch where University won 16–13 in a tight match. The latest bragging rights are with University after a 31–26 win in the 2019 final, the last time the teams have met in a grand final.
U19 Colts.
After great success in the early 2000s university colts dropped off the radar in 03 and 04 until 2005 when under the guidance of Andrew Tucker (Premier Director of Rugby) and the new appointments of Paul "Taffy Longman" (Head Colts Coach 05-06)and Rob Murdoch (Colts Assistant Coach 05-06) the club was able to recruit a forward pack with many state and national representatives. The club signed 6 starting QLD/ACT Representatives that played in front of a small but skilled back line. The 2005 premiership came after a landmark game against GPS in the semi-final, and a crushing win over brothers in the final.
In 2006 the club was pro-active in recruiting a number of Australian representatives and a high-profile New Zealand u19 representative. Indifferent form and injuries in the early part of the season had many critics claiming the uni boys could not retain their title, pressure to perform was high however the Uni Colts showed all the critics what sort of squad they were by taking the field for their remaining 8 fixtures and securing victories for all 8 in a row, successfully defending their 2005 title to be crowned 2006 premiers.
Back to back premierships in the U19's was a fantastic result and one that uni had not seen for some time.

</doc>
<doc id="6986770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986770" title="Helen of Troy (album)">
Helen of Troy (album)

Helen of Troy is the sixth solo studio album by the Welsh rock musician John Cale, released in November 1975. It was the last of his three studio albums for Island Records.
Content.
During the sessions for "Helen of Troy", Cale recorded two cover versions, the Ann Ronell standard "Willow Weep for Me" and the Beach Boys' "God Only Knows", both of which went unreleased. Another unused track, "Mary Lou", was released in 1977 on the compilation album "Guts".
The album includes a cover of "Pablo Picasso" originally by the Modern Lovers, a song which Cale had produced for the band's eponymous debut studio album. At that time the Modern Lovers' version was still unreleased. Cale re-recorded "I Keep a Close Watch" in 1982 for his eighth solo studio album "Music for a New Society".
The cover has a photograph of Cale by Keith Morris. Cale's trousers were given to him by Judy Nylon who had acquired them from fashion designer Vivienne Westwood.
Release.
"Helen of Troy" was released in November 1975. Although his other Island albums were issued in the US ("Fear", "Slow Dazzle", the collaborative live album "June 1, 1974" and the later "Guts"), "Helen of Troy" was not. It was only available in America as a UK import. No singles were released from the album.
The album's first pressing contained "Leaving It Up to You" as the ninth track. However, due to its reference to the 1969 murder of Sharon Tate by members of the Manson Family, Island replaced it on subsequent pressings with the song "Coral Moon". "Leaving it Up to You" was later included on "Guts", and it was reinstated in its original place on "Helen of Troy" when the album was repressed in 1978. "Coral Moon" has appeared as a bonus track on CD releases.
The album was remastered in 1996 as part of the two-disc release "The Island Years", which includes also "Fear" (1974) and "Slow Dazzle" (1975).
The album was re-released on December 6, 2024 by Proper Music. It received another remaster in January 2025. 
Release controversy.
"Helen of Troy" was recorded in a very short time in between Cale's production work and touring to promote his previous album "Slow Dazzle", and was released by Island without his approval, in what he considered to be an unfinished state. With the controversy over "Leaving It Up to You" relations between Cale and Island turned sour, and the two parties went their separate ways.
John Cale explained:
It could have been a great album. I came back from finishing Patti Smith's "Horses" and had three days to finish "Helen of Troy" before I went on [an] Italian tour. I was spending eighteen hours a day in the studio. When I got back, I found the record company had gone ahead and released what amounted to demo tapes. The trouble was that Island had their own ideas of what that album should sound like. They wanted to include songs I don't particularly like, but it was also an impertinent assumption on my part that I was capable of managing myself. My determination to have "Helen of Troy" the way I did was not really fair to Island or my management, especially at a time when Island was losing its percentage of the market, which was making everybody very paranoid.
Critical reception.
In a retrospective review for AllMusic, critic Ned Raggett wrote ""Helen of Troy" finds Cale at his edgiest, with fascinating results." Writing in "" (1981), Robert Christgau was more critical of the record. He believed that, while "Pablo Picasso" and "Leaving It All Up to You" are "Cale at his mad best", "Mary Lou" and the title track are indicative of how the album is "sodden and stylized" as a whole.
Track listing.
All songs written by John Cale, except where indicated.
Side A
Side B
Personnel.
Adapted from the "Helen of Troy" liner notes.
Musicians
Production and artwork

</doc>
<doc id="6986773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986773" title="Miguel Fernández Ordóñez">
Miguel Fernández Ordóñez



</doc>
<doc id="6986775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986775" title="Aica-sf">
Aica-sf



</doc>
<doc id="6986776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986776" title="2006 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup">
2006 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup

The 2006 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup was the second edition of the FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup, governed by FIFA. Overall, this was the 12th edition of a world cup in beach soccer since the establishment of the "Beach Soccer World Championships" which ran from 1995–2004 but was not governed by FIFA. It took place in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 2–12 November 2006.
The winners of the tournament were hosts Brazil, who won their first FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup title and their tenth world title overall.
Major changes to format.
After the 2005 World Cup, beach soccer continued to grow and spread worldwide at a fast rate. Therefore, FIFA established the "FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup qualifiers", to try to allow more nations to play in the World Cup, as well as getting more national teams involved in the sport. FIFA also increased the number of participating teams in the World Cup from 12 to a record-high 16 teams. This also meant that nations would no longer be invited to play in the World Cup but would have to qualify.
With the establishment of the qualifying rounds, FIFA decided to standardise each World Cup, meaning that from this World Cup onwards, each confederation would have the same number of teams participating in each World Cup and that the 16 teams would be split up into four groups of four teams, with the top two teams moving on to the quarter-finals.
Qualifying rounds.
African zone.
African nations were allocated 2 berths at the World Cup. The championship took place between September 28 and September 30, 2006. Cameroon and Nigeria were the two finalists, meaning they both qualified for the World Cup. Cameroon defeated Nigeria in the final to win the title.
Asian zone.
Asian nations were allocated 3 berths at the World Cup. The championship took place between May 22 and May 26, 2006. Bahrain and Japan were the two finalists, meaning they both qualified for the World Cup. Bahrain defeated Japan in the final to win the title. Iran and China were knocked out in the semi-finals and played each other in the third place play off. Iran beat China to claim the third berth at the World Cup.
European zone.
European nations were allocated 5 berths at the World Cup. Instead of having a specific tournament for World Cup qualification, qualification was achieved through the "2006 Euro Beach Soccer League" which took place earlier in the year. The nations who made it to the second stage of the Superfinal qualified to the World Cup being Spain, Portugal, Poland and Italy. To decide who would claim the fifth berth, the defeated nations in the competition came back to play in a straight knockout tournament, with the winner progressing to the World Cup. The nation which won the tournament was France who beat Switzerland in the final.
North, Central American and Caribbean zone.
North, Central American and Caribbean nations were allocated 2 berths at the World Cup. The championship took place between September 13 and September 17, 2006. The United States and Canada were the two finalists, meaning they both qualified for the World Cup. The United States defeated Canada in the final to win the title.
Oceanian zone.
Oceanian nations were allocated 1 berth at the World Cup. The championship took place between August 31 and September 3, 2006. The Solomon Islands and Vanuatu were the two finalists. The Solomon Islands defeated Vanuatu in the final to win the title and qualify for the World Cup.
South American zone.
South American nations were allocated 3 berths at the World Cup. The championship took place between March 5 and March 12, 2006. Brazil and Uruguay were the two finalists, meaning they both qualified for the World Cup. Brazil defeated Uruguay in the final to win the title. Argentina and Venezuela were knocked out in the semi-finals and played each other in the third place play off. Argentina beat Venezuela to claim the third berth at the World Cup.
Teams.
These are the teams that qualified for the World Cup:
Asian zone:
African zone:
European zone:
North, Central American and Caribbean zone:
Oceanian zone:
South American zone:
Venue.
As with the previous FIFA editions of the World Cup held in Rio, the tournament once again took place at the Copacabana Beach Soccer Arena.
Group stage.
The 16 teams present at the finals in Brazil were split into 4 groups of 4 teams. Each team played the other 3 teams in its group in a round-robin format, with the top two teams advancing to the quarter finals. The quarter finals, semi finals and the final itself was played in the form of a knockout tournament.
All matches are listed as local time in Rio de Janeiro, (UTC-3)

</doc>
<doc id="6986781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986781" title="Pia Getty">
Pia Getty

Pia Christina Miller Getty (born 1966) is a socialite and heiress.
Early life.
She is the eldest daughter of Robert Warren Miller, an American-born British businessman, and wife María Clara "Chantal" Pesantes Becerra, an Ecuadorian, and sister of Marie-Chantal, Crown Princess of Greece and Princess Alexandra von Fürstenberg, a trio famously dubbed "the Miller Sisters".
Getty spent her childhood in Hong Kong and attended Le Rosey School in Switzerland. She briefly attended Barnard College in New York and later studied art history at Georgetown University.
Career.
Getty is the American spokeswoman for the cosmetics company Sephora. She is frequently featured in "Vogue", "Vanity Fair", and other society magazines.
Her first feature documentary film, "China Power - Art Now After Mao", released in 2008, focused on China's burgeoning art scene.
Personal life.
In 1992, in Bali, she married Getty Oil heir Christopher Ronald Getty, son of Jean Ronald Getty and grandson of Jean Paul Getty. The couple have four children, Isabel (b. 11 November 1993), Robert Maximilian (b. 30 April 1996), Conrad (b. 17 March 1998), and Maximus Aurelius (b. 1 April 2002). They divorced in 2005. She is the godmother of her niece, Princess Maria-Olympia of Greece and Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="6986782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986782" title="Araschina levana">
Araschina levana



</doc>
<doc id="6986783" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986783" title="Unspoken (play)">
Unspoken (play)

Unspoken is a one-woman play written by Rebecca Clarke. It was first performed in 2005 and has been toured around Australia since. The show is also performed by Rebecca Clarke.
The play tells the author's semi-autobiographical story about what it is like to have a brother with severe disabilities.
"Unspoken" is the winner of Best Independent Production and Best Newcomer at the 2005 Sydney Theatre Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="6986786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986786" title="George Rose (rugby league)">
George Rose (rugby league)

George Rose (born 13 March 1983) is an Indigenous Australian Boxing promoter and former professional rugby league footballer. He played for the Melbourne Storm, Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles, Sydney Roosters and the St. George Illawarra Dragons in the NRL.
Early life.
Rose was born in Bathurst, New South Wales and was educated at Kelso High School.
George played his junior rugby league for the Bathurst Penguins.
Playing career.
An indigenous representative prop forward, he previously played for Sydney NRL clubs the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles (with whom he won the 2011 NRL Premiership) Melbourne Storm and Sydney Roosters.
During the round 11, 2007, match against the Melbourne Storm, Rose badly broke his leg in a tackle midway through the second half. He missed the rest of the 2007 season, including Manly's grand final appearance, and returned to play for Manly at New South Wales Cup level in 2008.
In 2008, he featured for the Indigenous Dreamtime team against the New Zealand Māori in a curtain-raiser to the opening game of the World Cup. He also featured for the Indigenous All Stars in their match against the NRL All Stars to kick off the 2010 NRL season.
Rose broke back into Manly's top side in 2009, after playing off the bench in Manly's win over Leeds in the 2009 World Club Challenge. Following a breakout year, Rose was named as the Sea Eagles Player of the Year for the 2009 season.
On 2 October 2011 Rose played from the bench in Manly's 2011 NRL Grand Final win over the New Zealand Warriors 24–10 in front of 81,988 fans at the ANZ Stadium in Sydney. Rose was placed on report for an elbow to Warriors hooker Aaron Heremaia in the 29th minute of the game and received a one match ban as a result.
In round 1 of the 2014 NRL season, Rose made his Melbourne Storm debut against his former club Manly-Warringah.
On 28 October 2014, Rose signed a one-year deal with the St George Illawarra Dragons for the 2015 season.
Rose was Awarded the Preston Campbell Medal for Man of the Match performance in the All Stars Game 2015, played at Cbus Super Stadium on the Gold Coast, 13 February 2015.
In 2017, it was revealed that Rose was playing for the Moore Park Broncos in the local Sydney Combined Competition.
Post playing- Boxing promoter.
After retiring from the NRL in 2015 Rose Is currently a promoter and CEO of No Limit Boxing as Australian top boxing promotion with fighters like Tszyu Brothers (Tim Tszyu and Nikita Tszyu), Paul Gallen, Sam Goodman, Liam Wilson and top Australian Boxing prospects like Olympians Harry Garside and Paulo Aokuso. 
Personal life.
Rose studied commerce at the University of Sydney. He currently works in media with National Indigenous Television and hosts the rugby league show "Over the Black Dot".
Rose drew comparisons during his playing career to the immortal Arthur Beetson. Both mentioned in the context of Aboriginal rights and rugby league, particularly in relation to Indigenous round events and the importance of representation.
Rose said on meeting Beetson, "The first time I met Artie, he knew my name and I was in shock. He took me car shopping one day and while I looked at cars he ate pies in the cafe at 8am. What a great bloke."

</doc>
<doc id="6986787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986787" title="Overspeed">
Overspeed

Overspeed is a condition in which an engine is allowed or forced to turn beyond its design limit. The consequences of running an engine too fast vary by engine type and model and depend upon several factors, the most important of which are the duration of the overspeed and the speed attained. With some engines, a momentary overspeed can result in greatly reduced engine life or catastrophic failure. The speed of an engine is typically measured in revolutions per minute (rpm). 
Overspeed protection.
Sometimes a regulator or governor is fitted to make engine overspeed impossible or less likely. For example:
Different overspeed occurrences and prevention.
Internal combustion engines.
An excerpt presented by the San Francisco Maritime National Park Association illustrates the types of overspeed systems with governor and engine control. Overspeed governors are either centrifugal or hydraulic. Centrifugal governors depend on the revolving force created by its own weight. Hydraulic governors use the centrifugal force but drive a medium to accomplish the same task. The overspeed governor is implemented on most marine diesel engines. The governor is a safety measure that acts when the engine is approaching overspeed and will trip the engine off if the regulator governor fails. It trips off the engine by cutting off fuel injection by having the centrifugal force act on levers linked to the governor collar.
Turbines.
Overspeeds for power plant turbines can be catastrophic, resulting in failure due to the turbines' shafts and blades being off balance and potentially throwing their blades and other metal parts at very high speeds. Different safeguards exist, which include a mechanical and electrical protection system.
Mechanical overspeed protection is in the form of sensors. The system relies on the centripetal force of the shaft, a spring, and a weight. At the designed point of overspeed, the balance point of the weight is shifted, causing the lever to release a valve that makes the trip oil header to lose pressure due to draining. This loss of oil affects the pressure, and moves a trip mechanism to then trip the system off.
An electrical overspeed detection system involves a gear with teeth and probes. These probes detect how fast the teeth are moving, and if they are moving beyond the designated rpm, it relays that to the logic solver (overspeed detection). The logic solver trips the system by sending the overspeed to the trip relay, which is connected to a solenoid-operated valve.
Mechanical vs. electrical governors on turbines.
In turbines and many other mechanical devices used for power generation, it is critical that the response times for overspeed prevention systems be as precise as possible. If the response is off by even a fraction of a second, it can lead to turbines and its driven load (i.e. compressor, generator, pump, etc..) suffering catastrophic damage, and can put people at risk.
Mechanical.
Mechanical overspeed systems on turbines rely on an equilibrium between the centripetal force of the rotating shaft imparted on a weight attached to the end of a turbine blade. At the specified trip point, this weight makes physical contact with a lever that releases the trip oil header, which directly moves a trip bolt and/or a hydraulic circuit to activate stop valves to close. Because the contact with the lever occurs over a relatively limited angle, there is a maximum trip response time of 15 ms (i.e. 0.015 sec). The issue with these devices has less to do with response time as it does with response latency and variability in the trip point due to systems sticking. Some systems add two trip bolts for redundancy, which enables response latency to be reduced by half.
Electrical.
Electrical overspeed systems on turbines rely on a multitude of probes that sense speed through measuring the passages of the teeth of a spur gear. Using a digital logic solver, the overspeed system determines the propeller shaft rpm given the ratio of the gear to the shaft. If the shaft rpm is too high, it outputs a trip command which de-energizes a trip relay. Overspeed response varies from system to system, so it is key to check the original equipment manufacturer's specification to set the Overspeed trip time accordingly. Typically, unless specified otherwise, the response time to change the output relay will be 40 ms. This time includes the time required for the probes to detect speed, compare it to an overspeed set-point, calculate results, and finally output the trip command.
Overview of overspeed detection system.
When configuring, testing, and running any overspeed systems on turbines or diesel engines, one factor considered is timing. This is because the response to overspeed is usually too fast for people to notice.
The responsibility of calibrating the correct overspeed response for a specific system falls on the manufacturer. However, variability is always present, and it is important for the owner/operator to understand the system in the event of maintenance, replacement, or retrofitting of outdated or worn out parts. After overspeed has occurred, it is essential to check all machinery parts for stress. The first place to start for impulse turbines is the rotor. At the rotor, there are balance holes that equalise the pressure difference between turbines, and if warped, would require the replacement of the entire rotor.

</doc>
<doc id="6986789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986789" title="AC Benson">
AC Benson



</doc>
<doc id="6986790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986790" title="Edwin stoughton">
Edwin stoughton



</doc>
<doc id="6986799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986799" title="The Grinch Grinches the Cat in the Hat">
The Grinch Grinches the Cat in the Hat

The Grinch Grinches the Cat in the Hat (also known as The Cat in the Hat Gets Grinched, or The Grinch Vs. the Cat in the Hat) is a 1982 American Emmy Award–winning animated musical television special and crossover starring The Cat in the Hat and The Grinch. Completed in 1981, it premiered on May 20, 1982, on ABC and would be DePatie and Freleng's final Dr. Seuss special and the only Dr. Seuss cartoon by Marvel Productions. The songs were written by "Sesame Street" composer Joe Raposo.
Plot.
The Grinch wakes up in a good mood one morning until his reflection in the mirror (possibly an envisioning of his father) speaks to him, prompting him to repeat the "Grinch's Oath", reminding him of his evil, venomous nature, and he leaves to prove himself. Meanwhile, The Cat in the Hat goes on a picnic. Their paths cross when the Grinch bumps his car into the Cat's, and things quickly escalate into a fierce car chase after the Cat inadvertently insults the Grinch by calling him "Mr. Greenface".
The Cat returns to the safety of his home, but the Grinch follows him to demonstrate a device he has invented, an "Acoustical Anti-Audial Bleeper", also referred to as a "Vacusound Sweeper", that scrambles all sounds within a 50-mile radius, including the Cat's voice. Back home, the Grinch decides to upgrade the sweeper into a "darkhouse", an anti-lighthouse that spreads beams of darkness.
The Cat becomes livid with the Grinch's hijinks and has a psychiatric session with him in a thought bubble to find out what makes him so mean-spirited. He gets nowhere with the imaginary Grinch (though he is briefly triggered by the memory of his deceased mother), so the Cat then decides to go over and have a talk with him. The Grinch makes it so dark that the Cat can't see where he's going, and he crashes his car when he passes a "Dead End" sign. The Grinch decides to liven things up by changing the beam of darkness to persimmon pink.
The Cat takes refuge in a nearby restaurant, while the Grinch sends beams that make things change colors, and literally and crazily come to life, and his hijinks result in confusion all over the restaurant. The Cat has now become sick and tired of the Grinch and ponders to himself how he can change the Grinch, eventually finding an idea and rallies up everybody in the restaurant to follow him to the Grinch's house. There, he leads everyone in a song to remind the Grinch of all of the love he received from his mother and implore him to change his ways and be a better person. Before the Grinch can get to the darkhouse to scramble it, he collapses in grief over the memory of his mother (whose reflection in the puddle of his tears comforts him) and he and Max dismantle the darkhouse.
The next morning, the Grinch is again happy, but when the reflection tries to turn him evil again, Max reveals he left the Vacusound Sweeper intact and scrambles the reflection's words.
Awards.
1982 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program.
Production notes.
Both the Grinch and the Cat in the Hat were recast with different voice actors than the ones used in previous specials, all of whom had died. Bob Holt voiced the Grinch (Hans Conried, who voiced the Grinch in "Halloween Is Grinch Night", died four months before this special had aired, while Boris Karloff, the original voice of the Grinch, died in 1969) and Mason Adams took over voicing the Cat in the Hat from Allan Sherman, who died in 1973.
Since Freleng was absent from production on "" due to him breaking up the studio he began with DePatie before returning to Warner Bros., this was the only other fully animated DFE production to be made by Marvel Productions and one of the last DFE cartoons Freleng was involved in. Coincidentally, Marvel's figurehead, Stan Lee, had served in the same division of the United States Army as Dr. Seuss during World War II.
Home media.
The special was first released on VHS in the mid-80s via CBS/Fox Video's Playhouse Video division, and reissued later in the 90s by Random House Home Video. The Random House Home Video release used the title The Cat in the Hat Gets Grinched. The special retained its normal name on VHS re-releases (including "Dr. Seuss Sing-Along Classics") by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment with CBS Video and Fox Kids Video. It was also re-released on VHS in 2000 by Paramount Home Entertainment.
It was later released on DVD by Universal Pictures Home Entertainment/Universal Studios Family Productions. The special was released again on DVD by Warner Home Video on October 18, 2011 as part of the "Dr. Seuss's Holidays on the Loose!" DVD set, along with "How the Grinch Stole Christmas!" and "Halloween Is Grinch Night". In October 2018, it was released on Blu-ray by Warner Bros. Home Entertainment as an extra on "Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas: The Ultimate Edition", along with "Halloween Is Grinch Night". Both extras were remastered in high definition for this release.

</doc>
<doc id="6986801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986801" title="AE Coppard">
AE Coppard



</doc>
<doc id="6986805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986805" title="Grave Danger (disambiguation)">
Grave Danger (disambiguation)

"Grave Danger" is an episode of the American crime drama CSI: Crime Scene Investigation
Grave Danger may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6986811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986811" title="Easts Tigers Rugby Union">
Easts Tigers Rugby Union

Easts Rugby Union Club, known as Tigers. 
Easts draws players mainly from Altar boys and Southern suburbs of Brisbane, ranging from West End to Capalaba, and south to Mt Gravatt. The club's home ground is Bottomley Park at Coorparoo. The junior club boasts over 1000 players ranging from Tiger Cubs, Under 6 to Under 17.
The club was founded in 1947 and has won the Hospital Cup for the Queensland Premiership five times.
History.
The history of Easts Rugby Union Club began in 1947 with the formation of a team of past students from Brisbane State High School. The club assumed the name Eastern Districts at the suggestion of the QRU in 1949. Easts Rugby Union was incorporated as a not-for-profit association in the early 2010s.
Easts played in lower grade competitions in Brisbane before being promoted to first grade in 1950. The club's first Premiership came in 1997, 50 years after the club's founding. Easts also won the Australian Club Championship in 2009 and 2021.
Grand Final results.
Premiers (Hospital Challenge Cup)
Runners-Up (Vince Nicholls Memorial Trophy)
Women's Premiership Titles

</doc>
<doc id="6986816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986816" title="The man who loved only numbers">
The man who loved only numbers



</doc>
<doc id="6986828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986828" title="Jorge Wágner Goés Conceição">
Jorge Wágner Goés Conceição



</doc>
<doc id="6986831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986831" title="Heikintori">
Heikintori

Heikintori is a shopping centre in Tapiola, Espoo, Finland.
Heikintori is the second oldest shopping centre in the entire country of Finland. It includes many shops including, clothes and electronics stores, many restaurants, and a barber's shop.
There are about 187,000 inhabitants in Heikintori's sphere of influence. The number of households is about 81,000. The annual consumption power of the area is almost 3.1 billion euro (2006).
Future.
Heikintori has long been in need of renovation. A part of Heikintori belongs to the environment designed by Aarne Ervi, which falls under protection. The renovation was supposed to start in late 2019 and be completed by 2021. The plans included building four floors of apartments on top of Heikintori and dismantling Heikintori's current parking house and replacing it with a 7-floor residential house. The commercial spaces were supposed to be renovated honouring the spirit of Aarne Ervi without expansion. The third floor of Heikintori will probably house a kindergarten, and part of Heikintori's roof will act as the kindergarten's yard.
In 2020, Heikintori only had a few stores left, including two restaurants, a bar, a barber's shop and a flea market. The only surviving original store is restaurant Ribis.

</doc>
<doc id="6986833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986833" title="Easts (QLD rugby)">
Easts (QLD rugby)



</doc>
<doc id="6986836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986836" title="VVER 440">
VVER 440



</doc>
<doc id="6986838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986838" title="Art Papers">
Art Papers

ART PAPERS is an Atlanta-based bimonthly art magazine and non-profit organization dedicated to the examination of art and culture in the world today. Its mission is to provide an independent and accessible forum for the exchange of perspectives on the role of contemporary art as a socially relevant and engaged discourse. This mission is implemented through the publication of "ART PAPERS" magazine and the presentation of public programs.
History and profile.
"ART PAPERS" was established in 1976 as the internal newsletter (originally known as "Atlanta Art Workers Coalition Newspaper") of the Atlanta Art Workers Coalition. The AAWC was formed in 1976 under the premise to “promote, protect, and aid the visual artists of Atlanta through programs focused on the need of individual artists and art groups.” In addition to the newspaper, the coalition maintained other programs and publications: an Information Resource Center; the Coalition Gallery; and the Metro Atlanta Directory of Visual Arts. In 1980, the newspaper was renamed "Atlanta Art Papers" and soon evolved into a publication to encourage the growth of art criticism in Georgia. "Atlanta Art Papers" became "ART PAPERS" in 1981 and has since developed into an internationally and nationally recognized platform for contemporary art document, experiment and criticism while also rooted in Southern identity. In addition to the bi-monthly magazine, "ART PAPERS ," as a non-profit organization, supports programming such as a live lecture series called "ART PAPERS" LIVE, an artist project commission series "ART PAPERS" LEARN, and an exhibitions program. "ART PAPERS" has been a recipient of various grants and fellowships including the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts. The Editor and Artistic Director is Sarah Higgins. In 2023, "ART PAPERS" announced their shutdown and the publication of an archival book. The magazine is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="6986839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986839" title="UQ rugby">
UQ rugby



</doc>
<doc id="6986846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986846" title="Strengnäs">
Strengnäs



</doc>
<doc id="6986847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986847" title="Kek">
Kek

Kek or KEK may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6986848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986848" title="Guts (John Cale album)">
Guts (John Cale album)

Guts is a retrospective compilation album by the Welsh rock musician John Cale, released by Island Records in February 1977. It includes the songs "Leaving It Up to You", which was deleted from "Helen of Troy" (1975), and the previously unreleased "Mary Lou". It was compiled by Howard Thompson.
The CD backcover has a misprint: "Guts" is listed as "Cute".
Track listing.
Side A
Side B

</doc>
<doc id="6986852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986852" title="The House Show">
The House Show

The House Show (2004) is a live album from singer-songwriter Derek Webb from his House Show tour, following the release of his first solo album, "She Must and Shall Go Free".
Background.
To provide further interaction with listeners, Webb embarked on the House Show Tour, in which he literally played his concerts in people's houses. That interaction can be heard clearly on "The House Show", as nearly every other track is simply Webb speaking about the meaning behind his songs.
As Webb commented in the album liner notes, "For better or for worse, [She Must and Shall Go Free] wasn't an album best suited to big stage production. The songs are more simple than showy, and they have sparked discussion in some unlikely places...Since March 2003, I have played hundreds of these concerts or 'HOUSE SHOWS' – fifty or so people in someone's living room. Just songs and conversations with no production, no press."

</doc>
<doc id="6986856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986856" title="Key Encryption Key">
Key Encryption Key



</doc>
<doc id="6986859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986859" title="Andrey Kozlov">
Andrey Kozlov

Andrei Andreyevich Kozlov (; January 6, 1965 – September 14, 2006) was the first deputy chairman of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation from 1997 to 1999 and again in 2002 to 2006.
Kozlov was fluent in Russian, German, and English. He was married, and had three children. Kozlov was assassinated in 2006.
Career.
Kozlov was born in Moscow and served in the Soviet Army from 1983 to 1985. He then attended the faculty of international economics at Moscow Institute of Finance, where he graduated in 1989. He began working at the Soviet Union's central bank in the same year as a senior economist. He left the Bank of Russia in 1999 to work in the private sector, before returning to the Bank of Russia in April 2002.
Kozlov introduced a deposit insurance system and founded the Deposit Insurance Agency to restore public faith in the banking system after the 1998 Russian financial crisis. Kozlov prevented other banks from continuing operation by denying them access to the deposit insurance system. As head of bank supervision, Kozlov withdrew licences from banks suspected of money laundering and other crimes. In 2004, Kozlov took control of Sodbiznesbank, accusing the bank of engaging in laundering ransom money from hostage-taking. In 2006 he revoked the license of VIP-Bank (formerly Neftyanoi Bank).
In 2005, "Kommersant" reported that Kozlov is "valued as a top-of-the-line professional. He is also given due credit as one of those who started the formation of the stock market in Russia." After his death, "Kommersant" credited Kozlov with combating "gray schemes," illegal importing practices that minimize customs duties and value-added tax payments.
On September 8, 2006, the Friday before his murder, Kozlov gave a speech at a banking conference in Sochi, saying, "Those who have been found out laundering criminal money should probably be barred from staying in the banking profession for life. Such people disgrace the banking system."
Death.
In June 2006, Kozlov flew to Tallinn, spoke with Andres Palumaa, who was in charge of Estonia's anti-money laundering Financial Supervisory Authority (FSA), and gave an ultimatum to Estonia's Chief Financial Officer Raul Malmstein to stop hundreds of billions of rubles, which are being money laundered starting in early 2006 from Russia through Estonia to the West, by closing the Estonian accounts with suspicious activity of two banks in Estonia: SEB Eesti Ühispank and . Very large outflows occur during the year before a Russian presidential election and late 2007 was the next expected Russian presidential election. If Malmstein failed to stop the outflows from Russia to the West, then Kozlov would reveal the terrible banking structure in Estonia to the world (). Sampo Pankki shut down the accounts and eight accounts at SEB Eesti Ühispank were shut down until shortly after Kozlov's death on 14 September 2006 when the accounts were opened back up and auditors then stated that nothing was suspicious. In 2018, a scheme was revealed as the Danske Bank laundering network.
Raiffeisen Zentralbank (Raiffeisen Zentralbank Oesterreich AG) (RZB) in Austria and Diskont Bank in Russia have been accused of money laundering and a criminal investigation began on 8 September 2006. According to the Department of Economic Security of the Ministry of Internal Affairs, from 30 June 2006 to 29 August 2006, more than $1.5 billion transited the Solange LLC and Saturn-M LLC accounts at Diskont Bank to RZB accounts in Austria. On 31 August 2006, Andrey Kozlov revoked Diskont's license. Just five days after the criminal investigation into money laundering was opened, Kozlov was murdered. A very large amount of money had transited accounts with funds from the Nord Stream 1 project to finance the building of a pipeline from Vyborg, Russia, to Lubmin near Greifswald, Germany. According to Natalia Morar's 21 May 2007 article in The New Times, Alexander Bortnikov, who was an FSB deputy deputy director as head of its economic security department, and Vladimir Putin were money laundering Nord Stream 1 funds at both Raiffeisen Zentralbank (RZB) in Austria and Diskont Bank in Russia.
According to Svetlana Petrenko, spokeswoman for the Moscow prosecutor's office, two gunmen shot Kozlov in the head and neck at 8:50 PM, but other law enforcement officials claim Kozlov was shot at 8:30 PM. Inna Sergeyeva, deputy head doctor at the Hospital No. 33 in Moscow, said Kozlov later died of his injuries. Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov ordered Prosecutor General Yury Chaika, who is personally prosecuting the case, to provide regular reports on the investigation.
Kozlov was near the Spartak sports center with his driver, Alexander Semyonov, when they were shot. Semyonov died at the scene and Kozlov died after doctors unsuccessfully performed emergency surgery. The police later found weapons they suspect were used in the attacks: a "handmade pistol and a modified Baikal pistol... in tall grass near the Spartak sports center, 250-300 meters away from the site of the incident, during the investigation of the crime scene."
Immediately after Kozlov's death, numerous media sources in Russia began explaining that Kozlov was killed in retaliation for recently shuting down some small banks and Russian authorities accused and arrested Alexei Frenkel of involvement in Kozlov's murder because Frenkel's (originally known as Vindobona Privatbank (VIP-Bank) in 1991) had been shut down in June 2006 because of suspicious money laundering activity. On 12 January 2007 after a court hearing, Frenkel proclaimed his innocence by stating "I am not guilty!"
Boris Gryzlov, speaker of the State Duma, the lower chamber of parliament, said, "The central bank revoked licenses of a number of banks, and it's quite possible that the gangsters linked to them might have put out a contract on him."
Natalia Morar's investigations.
When Natalia Morar investigated Raiffeisen Zentralbank, she was expelled and she says she received a death threat from the FSB.
Tributes.
Levan Zolotarev, a senior vice president at Russian Standard Bank, said, "Kozlov was a strong believer in reforming the financial markets of Russia. He pushed many radical changes that were important for the banking business." Zolotarev first met Kozlov when they studied at Moscow Financial Institute. Recently they worked together on amendments to a bankruptcy bill, which was to be voted on in the Duma in late 2006, making subordinated loans equivalent to capital. Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin described Kozlov as "a very courageous and honest personality, who has been on the frontline of the struggle against financial crimes," frequently damaging "the interests of dishonest financiers." Anatoly Chubais, Chairman of RAO UES, said Kozlov was "an undoubtedly honest, principled, and absolutely non-commercial man. He was one of the most professional people in the entire Russian banking sector," calling his assassination a "blatant challenge to the entire Russian government system. This is a case when the authorities must respond in a tough manner, promptly, and mercilessly." Mikhail Grishankov, a senior member of the lower chamber of parliament, said the assassination was a spit in the face of the state. Punishing the killers is a "matter of honor... This is a terrible murder of a person who protected interests of the state and opposed schemes used by some banks to legalize revenues of shadow and criminal business. Criminal groups that control those banks will stop at nothing." The Central Bank issued a statement applauding Kozlov for making a "huge contribution to the reform of the country's banking system, making it more effective, transparent and stable." Oleg V. Vyugin, Russia's chief securities regulator, in a telephone interview, said, "It was criminals taking revenge for the legal actions of the central bank, and unfortunately Mr. Kozlov paid the price."
Trial.
On October 28, 2008, a trial jury reached the verdict in the murder case. Banker Aleksei Frenkel, Liana Askerova and Boris Shafrai were found guilty of organizing Kozlov's murder, and Bogdan Pogorzhevsky, Aleksei Polovinkin, Maksim Proglyada and Aleksandr Belokopytov were found guilty of carrying it out. According to the prosecution, Frenkel organized the murder after his bank, VIP-Bank, lost its license on June 16, 2006 by Kozlov's decision (Kozlov accused the bank of money laundering). Frenkel asked his former co-worker, Askerova (who owned a restaurant at the time), to get him in touch with somebody who can kill Kozlov, and she found more intermediaries in Pogorzhevsky and Shafrai, who, in turn, found the shooters - Proglyada and Polovinkin. Frenkel paid $310,000 to Askerova, out of which $200,000 went to Pogorzhevsky, $90,000 to Askerova and only $20,000 to the shooters themselves. Another person involved, Andrei Kasmynin, was still not under arrest and was wanted by the police at the time of the trial. Based on the jury's verdict, the judge sentenced Frenkel to 19 years of imprisonment. Polovinkin received a life sentence, Proglyada - 24 years, Shafrai - 14 years, Askerova - 13 years, Belokopytov - 10 years, Pogorzhevsky - 6 years. The appeal was rejected by the Supreme Court of Russia on November 17, 2009. Proglyada's sentence was reduced to 22 years, all the other sentences were not changed. Kasmynin was eventually arrested and sentenced to 9 years of imprisonment on March 19, 2010.
On May 18, 2010, the investigators issued an indictment against 58-year-old Sergei Levin, who was one of the jurors in the Frenkel trial. Allegedly he tried to bribe other jurors to rule Frenkel not guilty, because he did not agree with the manner in which the judge carried out the trial. The bribe offer came to light during the trial and he was removed from the jury before they reached the verdict. Levin admitted his guilt during the investigation.

</doc>
<doc id="6986866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986866" title="Mahaveer Bhagora">
Mahaveer Bhagora

Mahaveer Bhagora (17 April 1947 – 16 January 2021) was an Indian politician. He represented the Salumber constituency of Rajasthan in Lok Sabha from 2004 to 2009 and was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. He was a Christian by faith and his burial had sparked a debate in BJP circles. Bhagora died, aged 74, due to COVID-19.

</doc>
<doc id="6986868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986868" title="J.D. Cannon">
J.D. Cannon



</doc>
<doc id="6986872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986872" title="Dido &amp; Aeneas">
Dido &amp; Aeneas



</doc>
<doc id="6986873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986873" title="Kaapeli">
Kaapeli



</doc>
<doc id="6986876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986876" title="Beniamino Abate">
Beniamino Abate

Beniamino Abate (born 10 April 1962) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as goalkeeper. He is currently the goalkeeping coach of the Milan Primavera (under-19) squad. He is the father of Ignazio Abate who played as right-back for Milan.
Playing career.
During his career, Abate played in Serie C1 with Benevento, in Serie A with Udinese, Internazionale and Cagliari, as well as in Serie B with Reggiana, where ended his career. In Serie A, he played a total of 67 matches.
During his time with Inter, he was included on the bench for the first leg of the victorious 1994 UEFA Cup Final (Raffaele Nuzzo was on the bench for the second leg).
Managerial career.
Abate currently works in the A.C. Milan youth sector as a goalkeeping coach and was previously a scout.
Honours.
Internazionale

</doc>
<doc id="6986882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986882" title="San Antonio del Táchira">
San Antonio del Táchira

San Antonio del Táchira is a city in the Venezuelan Andean state of Táchira. The busy highway across the Simón Bolívar International Bridge linking the cities of Cúcuta, Colombia, and San Cristóbal, Venezuela, passes through San Antonio del Táchira, making it an important gateway between the two nations. This city is the shire town of the Municipio Bolívar de Táchira and, according to the 2001 Venezuelan census, the municipality has a population of 48,171.
History.
General Simón Bolívar passed through this city during his Admirable Campaign on March 1, 1813.
Demographics.
The Bolívar Municipality, according to the 2001 Venezuelan census, has a population of 48,171 (up from 39,752 in 1990). This amounts to 4.9% of Táchira's population. The municipality's population density is 611.6 people per square mile (236.13/km2).
Government.
San Antonio del Táchira is the shire town of the Bolívar Municipality in Táchira. The mayor of the Bolívar Municipality is Juan Vicente Cañas Alviarez, elected in 2004 with 48% of the vote. He replaced Ramon Vivas shortly after the last municipal elections in October 2004.
Economy.
Transportation.
Airport.
The city's airport, Juan Vicente Gómez International Airport, is located 2 kilometers northeast of the city.
Bridges.
The Simón Bolívar International Bridge, crossing the Táchira River leads to Cúcuta in Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="6986887" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986887" title="Hikaru Kotobuki">
Hikaru Kotobuki

 is a Japanese musician known for his work with Susumu Hirasawa (P-Model), and Jun Togawa.
In the early 1980s, Kotobuki joined Morio Agata's tour as a keyboard player and guitarist. After Agata's tour, Kotobuki and Agata formed a band which they called the Yukiyama Brothers. During his time with the Yukiyama Brothers, he played the keyboard on Shigeru Izumiya's tour.
Kotobuki joined the band P-Model in 1987, which was formed by Susumu Hirasawa. In his time with P-Model, he played the keyboard as well. Hikaru Kotobuki played many concerts and released music videos with P-Model. Unfortunately recordings from this time only survive as live video sound sources. The band took a four-year break, but came back together in 1991 under the name Thaw P-Model.
Kotobuki resigned in 1993 in order to travel through Asia, which he eventually did for several years. Returning briefly from Cambodia in late 1993 he formed Phnonpenh MODEL, in order to join the Errors of P-Mania cover band contest - a contest for P-Model cover bands held for three years. Originally formed as a joke, the band has continued sporadically to this day and have released three studio albums and live CDs from their shows in Paris, Berlin and Tokyo. Key members are Hikaru Kotobuki, Lion Merry (ex-Yapoos and Metrofarce) and Masaaki Taniguchi.
He also performs as a solo act with a backing band.
In 2016 Kotobuki was involved in a memorial concert for Isao Tomita, where a live orchestra was blended with the synthetic performer Hatsune Miku to perform Tomita’s work. Kotobuki had previously worked with Tomita on his 2012 Ihatov Symphony, which was the work performed at the memorial concert.
Discography.
As Phnonpehn Model

</doc>
<doc id="6986889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986889" title="Camp Forrest">
Camp Forrest

Camp Forrest, located in a wooded area east of the city of Tullahoma, Tennessee, was one of the U.S. Army's largest training bases during World War II. An active army post between 1941 and 1946, it was named after Civil War cavalry Confederate General Nathan Bedford Forrest.
History.
Built in 1926 by the Tennessee National Guard, the facility was named Camp Peay after then-Tennessee Governor Austin Peay.
In 1940, the U.S. Army took over Camp Peay and expanded it to just beyond the camp's old boundaries. In 1941, the camp was renamed at the direction of Army Chief of Staff General George C. Marshall, because "it was not Army practice to name an installation used by federal troops after a local politician who did not have a distinguished military background," the Center of Military History would write.Because the Army had leased Peay, he instructed the National Guard Bureau to contact the Tennessee state authorities for their recommendations on a new name. Furthermore, he directed that “the desires of the State authorities will be followed unless it is found that the name selected is unsuitable for psychological or other reasons.” The Tennessee adjutant general recommended Nathan Bedford Forrest, a native Tennessean whose birthplace was nearby. Despite the notorious reputation of Forrest, a prewar slave trader and then a founder of the Ku Klux Klan after the Civil War, the Historical Section and the G–3 accepted this recommendation. In January 1941, Deputy Chief of Staff Maj. Gen. William L. Bryden approved the name change. The "Chicago Defender", an African American newspaper, took great umbrage at the name, and the Illinois legislature attempted (without success) to get the name changed when the state’s National Guard division reported there for training.Camp Forrest was a training area for infantry, artillery, engineer, signal organizations, and cooks. It also served as a hospital center and temporary encampment area for troops during maneuvers. Major General George Patton brought his 2nd Armored Division from Fort Benning, Georgia, for maneuvers.
William Northern Field, an air training base, was an addition used by the Army Air Forces to train crews of four-engined B-24 bombers.
Incoming troops had amenities typical of military installations of the era: service clubs, guest houses, a library, post exchanges, a post office, hospital facilities, a chapel, theater, and barracks buildings. The camp was also home to Red Cross and Army Emergency Relief facilities. Recreation facilities included swimming, archery, tennis, a sports arena, and a nine-hole golf course.
Camp Forrest officially became a prisoner-of-war camp on May 12, 1942. The camp housed Italian and German POWs. Prisoners became laborers at Camp Forrest in the hospitals and on farms in the local community. The camp also held Japanese, German, and Italian-American civilians who were arrested at the outbreak of the war under a program called "Alien Enemy Control". Many of these internees were incarcerated without legal process. Official government documents made available in the late 1990s indicate that over 25,000 "alien enemies" were held at various locations throughout the United States. Camp Forrest's population was over 700, of whom about 200 were of Japanese ancestry. German internees at Camp Forrest published a newsletter titled "The Latrine." In 1943, Camp Forrest internees were transferred to other internment camps to make room for actual POWs captured on the field of battle.
In 1945, the U.S. government implemented an Intellectual Diversion Program to educate Germans on the American way of life. This program used educational and recreational media to change views of POWs, and the government claimed success with many prisoners.
Tullahoma was greatly affected by the installation of Camp Forrest. The acreage used, for both Camp Peay and Camp Forrest, came from federal government confiscations from area families who had owned and worked the land for generations. This was usually done with little or no monetary compensation for those families. (One such family is the Baytes/Bates family of Franklin &amp; Coffee Counties.) Because of maneuvers and operations, civilians had to adjust to blocked roads, traffic jams, crowded stores, the absence of mail delivery and driving at night without lights. Soldiers camped out on lawns and fields; many crops and fences were destroyed (without any compensation to the owners).
In 1940, the population in Tullahoma was 4,500. By the end of the war, the population had grown to 75,000. Many military people who moved in for construction and operation of the camp remained after the war. The sudden increase of population caused a drastic cost-of-living increase for the original inhabitants. Property values, property taxes, and everyday necessities all increased dramatically.
In 1946, the war was over and Camp Forrest and Northern Field were declared surplus property. Buildings were sold at auction, torn down and carted away. Water, sewage, and electrical systems were sold as salvage. All that remained were roads, brick chimneys, and concrete foundations. The camp's Sports Arena was bought by Lincoln Memorial University and moved to Harrogate, Tennessee, where it was rechristened as the Mary E. Mars Gymnasium. The building is still in use today by the school's volleyball teams and their academy's athletic teams and classes.
Soon after the close of the camp, instead of giving the land back to the original owners, the Air Force used it to build Air Engineering Development Center. In 1951, the center was dedicated by President Truman and renamed the Arnold Engineering Development Center in honor of General of the Air Force Henry H. "Hap" Arnold. General Arnold was World War II Commander of the Army Air Corps and the only air force officer to hold 5-star rank. The site has since developed into Arnold Air Force Base, with the Arnold Engineering Development Center still located there.

</doc>
<doc id="6986891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986891" title="Ancient See of Strengnäs">
Ancient See of Strengnäs



</doc>
<doc id="6986892" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986892" title="Eliza Winston">
Eliza Winston

Eliza Winston (c. 1830–?) was an enslaved American from Mississippi who was freed from her owners while with them on vacation in Minnesota, a free state. She received a hearing in court via a Freedom suit, where she said she and her late husband had purchased her freedom from a previous owner, but it was not honored. She was freed from her Mississippi owners and possibly aided in getting to Canada, but no definitive account exists for her life afterwards.
Events.
In the summer of 1860 Eliza Winston, an enslaved thirty-year-old woman, was taken to St. Anthony, Minnesota by her owners, Richard and Mary Christmas of Issaquena County, Mississippi. During that time it was typical for wealthy southern tourists to escape the yellow fever season by traveling via steamboat up the Mississippi River to northern destinations during the summer months. They took domestic slaves as servants. The Christmases traveled with their five-year-old daughter, Norma, and Winston to the Winslow House in St. Anthony, Minnesota, which was a free state.
Winston had already determined to seek her freedom there and told her story to Ralph and Emily Grey, who were free black citizens. According to her deposition, she and her late husband had previously purchased her freedom, but Ralph Christmas had purchased her from her previous owner, a Mr. Gholson, and did not honor her emancipation. Minnesota was a free state, and Judge Charles Vandenburgh agreed to hear her case.
The judge sent the sheriff to the Winslow House to take Winston into custody, but by then the Christmas family had moved to a country house on Lake Harriet. When the sheriff arrived, the Christmas family at first hid Winston, but did not resist further when she was located. The following day, after a hearing, the judge ruled that Winston was a free woman. The Saint Anthony "Weekly Express" opined that the event would damage the tourism trade. That evening, a pro-slavery mob surrounded the Greys' home and demanded that Winston be returned to the Christmases, but with the aid of people in the Underground Railroad, she was already on her way to Windsor, Ontario Canada, which had abolished slavery, though other accounts of her life exist.
According to interpretations of the Dred Scott case of 1857, Winston would return to slavery if she returned to a slave state.

</doc>
<doc id="6986894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986894" title="Saban Bajramovic">
Saban Bajramovic



</doc>
<doc id="6986899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986899" title="Bishopric of Strängnäs">
Bishopric of Strängnäs



</doc>
<doc id="6986900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986900" title="Ex-Con (Smog song)">
Ex-Con (Smog song)



</doc>
<doc id="6986901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986901" title="Williams Depot">
Williams Depot

Williams Depot is a privately owned train station in Williams, Arizona. It is the southern terminus of the Grand Canyon Railway line.
History.
The first railroad in Williams was the western division of the transcontinental railroad built by the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad in 1882. By 1885 the first station was built in the town. Two years later, the Santa Fe and Grand Canyon Railroad was built to transport supplies and workers between Williams and the copper mines near Anita. In 1901, the SF&amp;GC was sold under foreclosure to the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway, who completed the remaining fifteen miles to the South Rim of the Grand Canyon. The company was renamed the Grand Canyon Railway and the Santa Fe's first passenger train from Williams to the Canyon ran on September 17, 1901.
With the former Atlantic and Pacific Railroad now forming part of the Santa Fe's Southern Transcontinental main line between Chicago and the West Coast, Williams became a hub for tourists wishing to visit the Grand Canyon. With a hotel and permanent terminus already built at the northern end of the Grand Canyon Railway, a brand new Williams depot was built by the Santa Fe in 1908. Incorporated into the building was one of the first Harvey House hotels, named the Fray Marcos after Spanish missionary Marcos de Niza, who explored the Southwest in the early 16th century. The original Atlantic and Pacific station building on the opposite side of the tracks was retained and remains in existence to this day, serving as the Williams Chamber of Commerce since 1994.
In 1960, the Santa Fe built the "Crookton Cutoff": a re-routing of a stretch of the Southern Transcon to avoid the sharp curves and steep gradients of the line between Williams and Ash Fork. With the new tracks bypassing the town of Williams completely, a new station at Williams Junction replaced Williams Depot as the connection point between main line services and trains to the Grand Canyon. Williams Depot was now served solely by the rerouted Hassayampa Flyer service between Williams Junction and Phoenix via Ash Fork and the Peavine route. Both Williams stations closed in 1969 following the Santa Fe's discontinuation of passenger services to the Grand Canyon and Phoenix via the Peavine the previous year. The connecting line through downtown Williams from Williams Junction was retained for freight traffic but there was limited scope for a similar retention of the Grand Canyon Railway. In the summer of 1974, a Santa Fe works train traversed the rails, removing track equipment and demolishing many lineside structures. It was the last train to run on the line for fifteen years. The station building at Williams Depot fell into disuse.
Plans by entertainer Arthur Godfrey to resume service on the Grand Canyon Railway in 1977 fell through. In addition, two other companies attempted to resurrect the line in 1980 and 1984, with each attempt helping to maintain interest in preserving the line and saving it from scrapping without actually bringing trains back to the route. In 1988, the line was bought by Max and Thelma Biegert, a couple from Phoenix. The railway was restored, along with the stations at Williams and the Grand Canyon South Rim, and reopened as a separate company, independent of the Santa Fe. The first journey of the restored railroad was on September 17, 1989, exactly 88 years after the first train to the Canyon was run.
Williams Depot is now the southern terminus for the Grand Canyon Railway, containing a gift shop, coffee stand, rest room facilities, ticket counter and restaurant. Although the Fray Marcos hotel closed in 1954, the original building remains and is the oldest poured-concrete structure in the state of Arizona. It is listed on the register of Arizona State Historic Properties. The Grand Canyon Railway is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="6986911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986911" title="Eastern Greek alphabet">
Eastern Greek alphabet



</doc>
<doc id="6986913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986913" title="Disciplines">
Disciplines



</doc>
<doc id="6986919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986919" title="Dysnomia (disambiguation)">
Dysnomia (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6986927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986927" title="Simon Bourgeois">
Simon Bourgeois



</doc>
<doc id="6986929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986929" title="Sakura-shinmachi">
Sakura-shinmachi



</doc>
<doc id="6986937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986937" title="Schweitzer Mountain">
Schweitzer Mountain

Schweitzer is a ski resort in the northwest United States in northern Idaho, northwest of Sandpoint. Located in Bonner County in the Selkirk Mountains, it overlooks Lake Pend Oreille to the southeast with views of the Bitterroot and Cabinet mountain ranges. The ski area is approximately south of the Canada–US border. Doing business as Schweitzer Mountain Resort since 1988, in April 2021 the ski area adjusted its brand name to drop the words "mountain resort" to now be known only as "Schweitzer."
The resort's principal peak, Schweitzer Mountain, has a summit elevation of above sea level with a vertical drop of . There are 92 named runs and open bowls on Schweitzer's skiable area of , served by 10 lifts. The average annual snowfall is over 300 inches (7.6 metres). The longest continuous groomed run is "Little Blue Ridge Run", at , and the uphill lift capacity is 15,900 passengers per hour.
History.
Early history.
The peak known as "Schweitzer Mountain" was named after an old Swiss hermit who lived at the bottom of the basin ("Schweizer" is German for "Swiss"). He had been in the Swiss military, and, as part of a crime investigation, his house was searched. It yielded the bodies of numerous local cats that had gone missing. According to local legend, the man enjoyed cat stew; as a result, Mr. Schweitzer was soon hauled off to the asylum and forgotten, but his name remains with the mountain.
Skiing at Schweitzer began as early as 1933, but the ski area opened thirty years later as "Schweitzer Basin" in the fall of 1963. 
Dr. Jack Fowler of Spokane was an avid skier and frequently drove to The Big Mountain in Whitefish, Montana, in the late 1950s; he looked for a closer alternative and had noticed the snow-laden mountain on many of his trips. After several years of garnering support in the Sandpoint area, the ski area was launched. Opening day was December 4, with a day lodge at and a mile-long (1.6 km) double chairlift, which provided of vertical drop; a T-bar lift was added a month later. In 1991, Jack Fowler wrote "Looking Back on Schweitzer: The History of Schweitzer Mountain Resort" with co-author Ross Woodward, covering the history of the resort from his inspiration in the 1960s to the plans for the 1990/91 ski season.
During the 1960s Schweitzer made a profit in only one year. Initially planned as a weekend-only ski area, it was operated seven days a week at the insistence of Sam Wormington, the area's first general manager. It was immediately popular with regional skiers, and tallied 55,000 visits in its fourth season. A second T-bar was added in 1965, another in 1967, and three chairlifts "(Papa Bear, Mama Bear, Baby Bear)" were added in the fall of 1968, relocating T-bars and rope tows.
The back area of Colburn Basin was developed in 1971 with two more chairlifts (#5 &amp; #6) and a small day lodge, the Out Back Inn. More construction in 1972 added a base area restaurant, 36-unit overnight lodge, and a 20-unit condominium building. The road to the resort was paved in 1973 and Chairlift #7 was added in the summer of 1974 to add capacity to the front side and eliminate the uphill trek to Chair #1. General manager Wormington left in 1977 for Mt. Spokane and was succeeded by Pierre Huguenin, and the area soon dropped the "Basin" from its name and became just "Schweitzer."
The Brown Era.
For its first two decades, the ski area was a non-profit corporation, with hundreds of stockholders. Co-founder Jim Brown, Jr., a sawmill owner from Sandpoint, took it private in the early 1980s. Summer chairlift rides were begun in 1986, and in 1988 the ski area was renamed Schweitzer Mountain Resort, and it began offering hiking trails and mountain bike rentals.
When Brown died in April 1989, his daughter, Bobbie Huguenin, took over the family business. Under her leadership, Schweitzer focused on becoming a destination resort; many additions and improvements were accomplished, including the replacement of the original lodge with the new 3-story Headquarters Day Lodge. A detachable quad chairlift in the fall of 1990, as well as lights for night skiing. Huguenin also saw the construction of the 82-room Green Gables Lodge. Ultimately, the Brown family ran out of operating cash and was unable to market the resort as a destination alternative. In November 1996, the resort was put into receivership, filing for bankruptcy the following year.
The Harbor Era.
On December 31, 1998, Harbor Properties purchased Schweitzer Mountain Resort from U.S. Bank for the sum of $18 million. The Seattle-based company, operators of Stevens Pass and Mission Ridge (sold in 2003) ski areas in Washington, made immediate improvements by providing equipment for slope management. The Green Gables lodge was extensively remodeled, individual units were offered for sale, and the complex re-opened as the Selkirk Lodge. A six-passenger chairlift "(Stella)" was installed in the summer of 2000, serving the Northwest Territory in Colburn Basin. The high-speed Stella six-pack replaced chairlift #5, a fixed grip double. With the addition of Stella, the resort totaled .
In 2003, the mountain added a new dimension to its array of services, Selkirk Powder Company aka Selkirk Powder, a State of Idaho licensed outfitter and guide service. Selkirk Powder is an independent concession founded by Ken Barrett and Chip Kamin (d 2013). Selkirk Powder Company operates on Schweitzer private property outside of the ski area boundary and the abutting Priest Lake State Forest. Selkirk Powder began guided tour operations with snowmobile tours from the summit of Schweitzer into the Priest River Valleys. Selkirk Powder began offering snowcat skiing in 2007. In 2017 Selkirk Powder began offering helicopter skiing.
The McCaw Era.
In July 2005, the mountain's ownership status changed again when Harbor Resorts' ownership was dissolved, leaving the resort with a sole owner—McCaw Investment Group (MIG) of Seattle. This allowed for the addition of the Idyl-Our T-Bar, the Hermit's Hollow Tubing Center, and a SunKid Magic Carpet in time for the 2005-06 season. The Idyle-Our T-Bar/Little Blue expansion added , five new named trails, and increased backcountry and sidecountry opportunities.
In February 2007, Schweitzer announced an ambitious expansion program. Included was a $6 million lift expansion, primarily the replacement of the original lift at the resort, Chair One, with two lifts: a high-speed detachable quad, the Basin Express, on the lower portion, and a fixed-grip triple lift, the Lakeview Triple, on the upper portion. The Basin Express uses the old Chair Seven liftline, to the right of Chair One's. (Former Chairs Two, Three, &amp; Seven were removed in the 1990 to make way for construction on the Great Escape Quad; they roughly paralleled Chair One, but did not reach the summit.) The chairs were installed in the summer of 2007. Also included in the program was a Lakeview Lodge remodel, increased snowmaking and new grooming capacity, new chairs on the Great Escape Quad, and $2 million for infrastructure and planning for future expansions.
Also in 2007, Schweitzer Mountain Land &amp; Timber Company, the real estate arm of Schweitzer Mountain Resort, released 35 new ski-in/ski-out lots, approved for 1-4 units per lot, for sale in the Trapper's Creek-1 subdivision. By winter of 2007-08, heated roads, skier underpasses and utilities were installed. Late in 2008 it was decided that all real estate offerings by Schweitzer be put on hold until further notice, due to the ongoing financial crisis and "the fact that much of life around here revolves around skiing." Schweitzer Mountain Real Estate (dba Schweitzer Land &amp; Timber Company) was merged with New Schweitzer, LLC, giving President and CEO Tom Chasse more power regarding the overall "experience" of the resort and how the real estate fits in with the skiing. Once development begins again, the next real estate release after Trapper's Creek will likely be the first homesites in the GreyHawk neighborhood, a single-family development pad below Musical Chairs with lots.
In addition to the Trapper's Creek and GreyHawk neighborhoods, Schweitzer was also looking in 2008 for outside developers to build up to five new condominium buildings in Schweitzer village with up to 50 units each, similar to the White Pine Lodge. The parcels were put on the market with Schweitzer Land &amp; Timber Company, only to be removed a few months later.
In late 2009, the resort began construction on Mountainside at Schweitzer—a re-envisioned Trapper's Creek. Three fractional ownership LEED-certified homes and one LEED-certified full ownership home were completed in the spring of 2009. Special attention has been paid to the environment, with local building materials, geothermal heating, and an architectural style that evokes northern Idaho. It is unclear whether all new homes in Mountainside at Schweitzer will be LEED-certified. Thirty lots remain to be developed.
While capital expenditure projects at Schweitzer during winter 2009-2011 were largely subdued infrastructure and customer service improvements (including a new website and mobile presence, a renewed commitment to customer service, and a new family-centric lodging program dubbed "The Schweitzer Difference"), the summer of 2012 was marked by more significant and visible development. The exterior of the Mill Building, one of the oldest buildings remaining in Schweitzer Village, was extensively remodeled and repainted. On the inside, the Ski &amp; Ride Center was revamped, featuring a more logical flow from registration to rentals and lessons. Gourmandie was expanded with new space and artisanal food options. The Great Escape Quad received a new electrical system, increasing its reliability and efficiency. Finally, the Musical Chairs double was extensively rebuilt, with a new drive, new paint, and new chairs featuring restraining bars.
In early 2013, discussion turned to an expansion of the White Pine Lodge with twenty new units on the south side of the building, near the current main parking lot. Sales of those additional units began in 2013, with three sold in the first month on the market, but additional sales lagged and the project was shelved.
The Alterra Era.
In June 2023, Alterra Mountain Company announced it had entered an agreement to purchase Schweitzer. The change in ownership followed a rebrand and the addition of Schwitzer to Ikon Pass, a multi-resort ski pass.
Present development.
Schweitzer's village currently contains two condominium-hotels: The Selkirk Lodge and The White Pine Lodge. The Selkirk Lodge features traditional hotel-style rooms, some with Kitchenettes, and others with bunk beds, called "Family Suites." The White Pine Lodge features one-, two-, and four-bedroom units with full kitchens and lofts. Hundreds of private residences and condominiums are also available throughout the lower and upper village. The Mill Building houses ski rental/repair and a retail shop, The Source. The day lodge in the village, the Lakeview Lodge, houses ticket sales, the Season Pass Office, Guest Services, Taps (a full-service bar), the Lakeview Cafe (a cafeteria), Cabinet Mountain Coffee (a coffee shop), ski patrol and daycare services. There are two additional day lodges on the mountain. Sky House, which operates both winter and summer at the top of the Great Escape lift, houses ski patrol, restrooms, a counter service restaurant (Red Hawk Cafe, operates in winter only), and a full-service restaurant and bar (The Nest). The Outback Inn, near the base of the Stella lift, has cafeteria service and restrooms.
In 2019, plans for a 30-unit boutique hotel in the village were announced; named the Humbird Hotel, it opened in February 2022. In July 2021, to meet a critical workforce housing shortage throughout greater Sandpoint area, the resort broke ground on a $22 million, 84-unit apartment complex in Ponderay. Also in autumn 2022, Schweitzer announced plans for a new arrival area for the resort under construction, dubbed Base Camp. The new area will include replacement and extension of the Musical Chairs chairlift and parking for an additional 1,400 vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="6986943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986943" title="San Cirstóbal">
San Cirstóbal



</doc>
<doc id="6986946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986946" title="Kotobuki Hikaru">
Kotobuki Hikaru



</doc>
<doc id="6986948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986948" title="Nihalchand">
Nihalchand

Nihal Chand Chauhan also known as Nihal Chand Meghwal (born 4 February 1971) is an Indian politician belonging to the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Early life.
Nihal Chand was born to Bega Ram Chauhan, a two-time M.P of Ganganagar and Surji Devi into Meghwal community. He completed B.A from Shri Nehru S.P Evening College at Bikaner, Rajasthan. He married Jyoti Chauhan in 1992.
Political career.
In 1995, at the age of 24, Nihal Chand was elected as the "Panchayat Director" of Nanuwala, Sardarpura Bika and Bagicha. He was also elected as the "pradhan" (chief) of the Raisinghnagar panchayat committee. In 1996, he became the youngest Member of Parliament (MP) from Rajasthan at the age of 25. He was elected to the 11th Lok Sabha (lower house of the Parliament of India) on a BJP ticket from Ganganagar. In the next general election in 1998, he was defeated by Shankar Pannu of Congress.
After his defeat in the general election, Nihal Chand contested the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly elections. He was declared as BJP's candidate from Raisinghnagar. However, just before the elections, BJP formed an alliance with Haryana Rastriya Lokdal (HRLD), and gave that seat to HRLD. Nihal Chand was asked to withdraw his candidature, but he refused to do so. As a result, BJP expelled him. Contesting on the BJP election symbol, Nihal Chand won the seat and became an MLA from Raisinghnagar.
Subsequently, Nihal Chand won the 1999 and 2004 general elections from Ganganagar as a BJP candidate. In 2008, he lost the Assembly elections to Daulat Raj of Congress from Raisinghnagar. In 2009, he lost the Indian general elections to Bharat Ram Meghwal of Congress. In 2014, he defeated Bhanwarlal Meghwal of Congress on the same seat. He served as a Minister of state (MOS) in the Cabinet of Prime Minister Narendra Modi from May 2014 to July 2016.
Controversy.
In 2011, Nihal Chand's name appeared as one of the 17 accused in a police FIR. The complainant, a woman from Sirsa, Haryana, alleged that her husband Om Prakash Godara had drugged her and then let his associates rape her in Jaipur. After a year of investigation, the police closed the case in 2012, calling the charges as false and fabricated. The woman approached the trial court, which accepted the police report and dismissed the protest petition filed by her. The woman then approached the district court, which also dismissed the charges. In 2014, a few days after Nihal Chand was made the minister, the complainant went in for revision, following which the district court issued notices to Nihal Chand and 16 others, asking them to respond to the court. This caused a controversy, with the opposition party Congress demanding Nihal Chand's resignation. BJP refused to oblige, pointing out that Nihalchand was given a "clean chit" in the case when Congress was in power in Rajasthan.

</doc>
<doc id="6986949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986949" title="Koonderakond">
Koonderakond



</doc>
<doc id="6986953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986953" title="Victor Auguste Duperré">
Victor Auguste Duperré



</doc>
<doc id="6986957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986957" title="Victor Auguste, baron Duperré">
Victor Auguste, baron Duperré

Victor Auguste Duperré (4 August 1825 – 26 March 1900) was a French naval commander.
He was born in Paris, and served as Commander of the Naval Division of the Western Coasts of Africa, effectively Colonial head of Gabon ("Colony of Gorée and Dependencies") between 1869 and 1870. He later became governor of Cochinchina (1874–1877).

</doc>
<doc id="6986958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986958" title="Nothing To Lose (Album)">
Nothing To Lose (Album)



</doc>
<doc id="6986963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986963" title="Eglė The Queen of Grass-Snakes">
Eglė The Queen of Grass-Snakes



</doc>
<doc id="6986984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986984" title="Ingrid Matthews">
Ingrid Matthews

Ingrid Matthews is a violinist and was the Music Director of the Seattle Baroque Orchestra.
Ingrid Matthews is recognized as one of the leading baroque violinists and period instrument performers. In 1989 she was awarded first prize in the Erwin Bodky International Competition for Early Music, and she has performed extensively with leading period-instrument ensembles such as Tafelmusik Baroque Orchestra, Philharmonia Baroque Orchestra and many others. Matthews has served as concertmaster for the New York Collegium, under the direction of Andrew Parrott, and for the Boston Early Music Festival Orchestra, and as a guest director/soloist with numerous groups across North America. She studied with Josef Gingold and Stanley Ritchie at the Indiana University Jacobs School of Music.
Matthews founded Seattle Baroque Orchestra with harpsichordist Byron Schenkman in 1994 and was the Music Director from 1994 to 2013.
Matthews recorded many works from the baroque period, (including the Sonatas and Partitas for solo violin by Johann Sebastian Bach).

</doc>
<doc id="6986985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986985" title="Bhanwar Singh Dangawas">
Bhanwar Singh Dangawas

Bhanwar Singh Dangawas (7 June 1929 – 2 July 2012) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Nagaur constituency of Rajasthan and was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party.

</doc>
<doc id="6986987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986987" title="Nothing to lose (album)">
Nothing to lose (album)



</doc>
<doc id="6986989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986989" title="Rhum Barbancourt">
Rhum Barbancourt

Rhum Barbancourt is rum produced from pure sugar cane juice and bottled in Haiti by Société du Rhum Barbancourt. The distillery is one of Haiti's oldest institutions, and its rum is the country's most famous export, widely regarded as among the finest rums in the world for over 150 years.
Company history.
The family business began on March 18, 1862, producing rum directly from sugar cane juice. Dupré Barbancourt, from the cognac-producing region of Charente founded the distillery in 1862. After learning how to make rum in December of that year, he soon began selling it for HTG 1.50 (USD $0.30) per gallon.
When Dupré Barbancourt died, the distillery passed to his wife Nathalie Gardère who managed it with the help of her nephew Paul Gardère. When she died, Paul then directed the company until his death in 1946, when his son Jean Gardère took up the baton, furthering the family tradition until 1990. When Jean passed, Thierry Gardère took over, becoming the fourth generation of the Gardère family to lead the company. Upon the death of Thierry Gardère on March 1, 2017, Delphine Nathalie Gardère succeeded her father as CEO of Barbancourt.
During the 2010 Haitian earthquake, two workers died, about 86 lost their houses, many aging barrels were destroyed, halting the rum production, and rum supply and prices were affected. By May 2010 however, production had already resumed.
In November 2020, Delphine Nathalie Gardère announced that she now owned 100% of the shares of Société du Rhum Barbancourt through a Leverage Buy-Out of all the other Gardère family members.
Expansion and operations.
In 1949, the company relocated to the heart of the sugar cane fields of the Domaine Barbancourt in the plaine du Cul-de-Sac region. By 1952, the successful company ramped up production, transforming itself from what once was a cottage industry into a major producer of high-quality rum. The rum is double distilled, using a process similar to that used to produce cognac.
Barbancourt is made directly from sugar cane juice rather than the sugar cane by-product molasses. This is similar to the rhum agricole of Martinique, which is strictly controlled by law. Fermenting fresh sugar cane juice provides a more flavorful product.
Barbancourt's products are highly regarded and have won many world competitions with excellent reviews from rum connoisseurs. The Réserve du Domaine / Estate Reserve is aged 15 years. Other popular products include the 5 Star Réserve Spéciale aged for eight years, the 3 Star Rhum aged four years, and a clear, white rhum, all made from fresh sugar cane juice.
Barbancourt's rums are marketed in 20 countries, namely the Caribbean, Europe, the United States, Canada, France, and Italy. Barbancourt is Haiti's best-known export.

</doc>
<doc id="6986990" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986990" title="Snooky Serna">
Snooky Serna

Maria Milagros "Snooky" Sumayao Serna (born April 4, 1966) is a Filipino actress. Regarded as the “"Eternal Star"” by the local media, she is best known for her portrayals in Anak ni Waray, Anak ni Biday (1984); Blusang Itim (1986) and Rosa Mistica. 
With a career spanning over five decades, Serna is regarded as one of the Filipina actresses with the most beautiful faces and one of the most respected actresses of her generation. At the age of 3, she made her debut in the film "Wanted: Perfect Mother (1970)" and earned her further recognitions as a child actress. Launched as one of the original "Regal Babies", she became one of tinseltown's most bankable leading dramatic actresses in the 1980s. She attained commercial peak after top billing the career-defining fantasy-romance film "Blusang Itim", which became one of the biggest box-office successes of 80s decade. 
Serna has since received countless accolades in local and international scene. She notably won two awards for "Best Actress" and "Jury Award" at the 11th International Film Festival Manhattan in New York City, becoming the first Filipino actor to win two major awards at the film festival. She is also a recipient of three FAMAS Awards and three PMPC Star Awards for Movies, including several nominations from Gawad Urian Awards and FAP Awards.
Early life.
Being the daughter of actors Von Serna of Filipinos Spanish Ancestry and Mila Ocampo, she started acting early in life via her 1970 landmark debut "Wanted: Perfect Mother", where she immediately captured the hearts of Filipino audience as a cute, sweet and smart-talking four-year-old. That same year she earned her first acting nomination from FAMAS Awards as Best Child Performer for the film "My Little Angel".
Trained by acclaimed director and National Artist, Lino Brocka, Snooky showed promise as dramatic actress and later proved to be a fine one. In 1972, she won her first FAMAS Award as Best Child Actress for the film "Sana Mahalin Mo Ako".
Career.
Snooky Serna was tapped by Regal Films to play the lead role in the movie, "Katorse" in 1980. Since she was not ready for mature roles then, she begged off, which eventually made a big star out of newcomer Dina Bonnevie. In her teens, she was launched as one of the original "Regal Babies" (a promotional term coined for a group of teen movie stars under contract with Filipino film production giant Regal Films) and groomed as a leading actress in various loveteam-inspired flicks with then heartthrobs Gabby Concepcion and Albert Martinez. She also starred in more daring films like "Bata Pa si Sabel" (1981), "Strangers in Paradise" (1983), "Experience"(1984), "Teenage Marriage" (1984) and "Lilac" (1985).
She starred in numerous films in the 1980s like "Underage", "Schoolgirls", "Story of Three Loves" and "Anak ni Waray vs. Anak ni Biday", among others. In February 1986, she was cast in the lead role of the IBC television series "Mansyon", which was the most expensive television production at the time. In the same month, she was given her first solo film project, an adaptation of the comic book serial "Blusang Itim", which became a box office success. She was also the host of the television shows "Always Snooky" and "Regal Drama Presents: Snooky" on ABS-CBN.
As an actress, she tackled roles that earned acting nominations from various award-giving bodies. She was also in "Kapag Napagod ang Puso" (1988) with Christopher de Leon and "Inagaw Mo ang Lahat sa Akin" ("Harvest Home" - official Philippine entry to the 1995 Oscars) but unfortunately was snubbed during the awards night. Her other major films include "Aabot Hanggang Sukdulan" (1990), "Yesterday, Today &amp; Tomorrow" (1986), "Hahamakin ang Lahat" (1990) with Vilma Santos, the fantasy films "Rosa Mistica" (1988), and "Madonna: Ang Babaing Ahas" (1991). It was with "Koronang Itim" (1994), that she finally won Best Lead Actress from FAMAS and Cebu Archdiocese Media Awards. She has starred in over 80 films from 1970 to 2004.
Snooky was prodded to concentrate on family and motherhood in the late 1990s. Upon her comeback, her work mostly concentrated on TV. Initially, she had a short stint as a newscaster of IBC Express Balita and as a host for IBC-13's magazine show "Travel and Trade". 
Drama roles on television.
More recently, she's been in various top-rating soap operas in rival stations GMA Network and ABS-CBN, notably "Marina", "Captain Barbell" and "Habang Kapiling Ka" where she again was awarded the best actress trophy for TV drama performance from PMPC in 2003. Her recent films include "Anak Ka ng Tatay Mo", Captain Barbell, and the still unreleased "Bituin, Buwan at Araw" with Nora Aunor.
Snooky made a career turnaround during the late 90s when she concentrated on television and became a host of a tele-magazine show over IBC-13. She also became a newsreader over the same network delivering the mid- and early evening news. She also entered the corporate world by accepting the position of AVP for Megaworld Properties, Inc., and even started a film school in Cabanatuan City. But all endeavors were short-lived.
She is seen mostly with GMA Network and ABS-CBN.
Villainous roles on television.
In 1997, Snooky played the minor and anti-heroine role of Criselda V. Pereira in the ABS-CBN Primetime series "Mula sa Puso", an accomplice sister of Selena (played by Princess Punzalan) who tries to convince her to take care of Magda's (played by Jaclyn Jose) daughter and keeps them separate, until she dies of cancer in the series, and the 2002, she played the anti-heroine role of Maida Ventaspejo in "Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay" in a special participation of their series.
In 2015, Snooky is currently known for her antagonist roles in the GMA Drama series, since she played Mercedes Dela Paz in "My Faithful Husband" (2015) a mother of Emman (played by Dennis Trillo) who loathes her son from the product of rape and despises his wife, Mel (played by Jennylyn Mercado) to make her life miserable. 
In both 2016, she played the main antagonist role as Deborah Villon in "Poor Señorita" (2016), a snobbish and rich woman as a mother of Piper (played by Valeen Montenegro and Edison (played by Elyson de Dios) who makes her niece Rita's (played by Regine Velasquez) life miserable to get whatever she wants to be more wealthiness, and she played the anti-heroine role of Laura Caraca-Labasat in "Hahamakin ang Lahat" (2016 - 2017) a loving and vengeful mother of Junjun (played by Kristofer Martin) to opposite with Joyce Ching, Ariel Rivera and Eula Valdez. 
In 2019, she played the main antagonist role as Salida Saklang-Calliste in "Sahaya" (2019), a domineering and villainous mother of the late son's (played by Benjamin Alves) death that she was sworn her revenge against the poor badjao, Sahaya (played by Bianca Umali) and Manisan (played by Mylene Dizon) by making them alive in living hell. 
In 2020, she played the good character role of Amelia "Amy" Malatamban, a loving mother of Ginalyn (played by Barbie Forteza in the remake television series "Anak ni Waray vs. Anak ni Biday" who is previous one of the four main characters, Susie along with her Underage co-star, the Diamond Star Ms. Maricel Soriano.
In both 2023, she played the new character of Velda Alcantara-Gatchalian, a cunning, ambitious, manipulative, and vengeful rich woman who makes the Serrano sisters' life miserable as she avenges her second son Leo's (played by Nikki Co) death in the remake television series, "Underage" who is previous one of the three leading roles, Corazon as the youngest of three sisters in the 1980 film at her age of 14, and she went back to ABS-CBN via "Pira-Pirasong Paraiso" to play another antagonist role Hon. Jacinda Sebastian, a corrupt judge that will make the Paraiso sisters life miserable, she’s also reunited with her Underage co-star, the Diamond Star Ms. Maricel Soriano.
Personal life.
Serna was married to actor/model Ricardo Cepeda for over 12 years, with their marriage ending in annulment in January 2006. They have two daughters, Sam and Sachi. In 2024, Cepeda was released from the Cagayan Provincial Jail, in Tuguegarao after posting bail for estafa case. Her second husband was Nino Mendoza (artist and vocalist of a Filipino Rock band the Blue Jean Junkies) but they have been separated.
Serna has been a member of the religion, Iglesia ni Cristo, since 2011. Her parents Von and Mila are Roman Catholic and former Born-again Christians.
Serna's parents are Anthonio B. Serna "Von Serna" (1939–1994) of Filipino-Spanish Ancestry and Mila Ocampo or Milagros S. Serna, with grandparents Antonio Bon V. Serna and Maria Victoria S. Mercado. Her sibling is Anton Serna. She once lived with her aunt Eden at childhood. Since 2022, Serna was engaged to Ramon ‘Mon’ Villarama.
Awards.
INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL MANHATTAN, NEW YORK, U. S. A. (SPRING 2021)
Best Performance By The Festival Grand Prize Winner
In The Name Of The Mother
Best Actress
In The Name Of The Mother

</doc>
<doc id="6986991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986991" title="Yamaceratops">
Yamaceratops

Yamaceratops is a genus of primitive ceratopsian that lived during the Late Cretaceous in what is now Mongolia. The genus contains a single species, Y. dorngobiensis. It was a relatively small dinosaur, with an estimated length of and weighing around .
History of discovery.
The "Yamaceratops" fossil material is known from the Javkhlant Formation. The age of the type locality was originally thought to be the Early Cretaceous, but it was reevaluated in 2009 as the Late Cretaceous. The holotype IGM 100/1315 consists of a partial skull; other material has been found in 2002 and 2003 and has been ascribed to the genus.
The type species, "Yamaceratops dorngobiensis", was described by P. J. Makovicky and M. A. Norell in September, 2006. The genus name refers to Yama, a Tibetan Buddhist deity; the species name to the Eastern Gobi.
A fossilized embryo found within an ornithischian eggshell from sediments where "Yamaceratops" is common, was referred to this genus in 2008. However, it was reidentified as a bird embryo in 2015.
In 2022, Minyoung Son and colleagues reported a juvenile specimen (MPC-D 100/553) of "Yamaceratops" found in 2014 at the Khugenetjavkhlant ("Khugenslavkhant") locality. This immature individual was approximately three years old, with an estimated body mass of . The overall body proportions with long hindlimbs indicate that "Yamaceratops" was a bipedal animal.
Classification.
The original describers of "Yamaceratops" considered this taxon to have had an intermediate phylogenetic position between "Liaoceratops" and "Archaeoceratops" within Neoceratopsia. Examination of the frill of "Yamaceratops" has convinced the authors that the frill was not used for display, and that the fossils "hint at a more complex evolutionary history for ceratopsian frills".
The cladogram below showing internal relationships of Ceratopsia is reproduced from Son et al. (2022), who recovered "Yamaceratops" as a sister taxon to the clade Euceratopsia which contains Leptoceratopsidae and Coronosauria.

</doc>
<doc id="6986998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986998" title="Barbancourt">
Barbancourt



</doc>
<doc id="6986999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6986999" title="Hidden Warrior">
Hidden Warrior

Hidden Warrior is a fantasy novel by American writer Lynn Flewelling, the second book in the Tamír Triad. It is followed by "Oracle's Queen".
Plot summary.
Following the events in The Bone Doll's Twin, Prince Tobin awakens after the witch Lhel reveals that he was born as a girl, but in view of the king's purge of all possible female heirs that threaten him, Tobin was disguised by magic, wearing the shape of his stillborn brother, whose bones are encased in the little doll his mother carried everywhere with her. Tobin's squire Ki (Kirothius) was gravely injured in coming to find Tobin. They recover for a time under the care of the wizard Iya. Tobin is haunted by the ghost of his brother, who coldly watches over him.
Once Ki recovered, they return to the capital city beset by plague, as was prophesied, if the matriarchal throne is usurped. All female warriors and females holding important roles, were ordered to leave, leaving the city completely under male rule. A prominent court wizard, Niryn, directs and leads the city, driving out all other wizards, claiming they are the cause of the city's difficulties. He commands the Harriers, a force dedicated to eradicating opposing wizards. Despite the Harriers, who are busily killing and exterminating all wizards, the old magics are not only being preserved, but the mages are making discoveries that they are determined to use to come back, and put the rightful Queen back on the throne of Skala. Niryn, however, has provided himself with insurance. After finding a distant relative to the Royal Family with a female baby, he promptly murdered and her husband - to raise himself the child, Nalia, with the intention of ultimately making her a Queen completely dependent on himself.
Tobin, meanwhile, has rejoined the Companions, a small group of noble and high born boys, around Tobin's cousin Prince Korin, the heir to the throne. Tobin becomes interested in battle strategies and war, and outdoes himself in regards to fencing, though he also has the artist's touch. As he and the rest of the Companions pass from children to teens and young men, Tobin encounters more and more difficulty in coming to terms with who he really is. He must carefully hide his identity from the other Companions, and even from his close friend and companion Ki. Moreover, though having an outwardly male body and genitals, Tobin begins to experience menstrual pains, and unlike the wild boys around him, feels no interest in sex with girls (some of whom are quite attracted to him).
Meanwhile, the increasingly uninhibited Prince Korin impregnates several serving girls, who are quietly disposed of by the wizard Niryn. However, when Lady Aliya is pregnant with prince Korin's child, Niryn is unable to prevent a wedding, instead causing Aliya to miscarry and bring forth a monstrous fetus with neither arms nor face.
The wizards are gathering, plotting against the reign of King Erius, who possesses the Sword of Gherilain, a symbol of the ruler of Skala, which no King or Queen can rule without.
Tobin begins to attract attention form the other boys, with his refusals to join them in the brothels and his stunted growth. However, he proves himself in battle against brigands, rallying the Companions to him, while Prince Korin freezes in the heat of battle. Pregnant again, Aliya gives birth to a dead, hideously deformed child without face or legs, Niryn's work (which he quickly blames on the renegade wizards). Lady Aliya then dies in the birth, along with the child, destroying Prince Korin's royal line.
Soon afterwards, there is a deadly surprise attack from Plenimar, Skala's hereditary enemy. Having first used biological warfare, leaving mute children infected with pox along the Skalan coastline, thousands of Plenimaran troops land by night. Aided by sinister Necromancers, they capture Skala's capital Ero which was weakened by rampant plague, and proceed to indiscriminately torture, enslave and massacre its population and burn down the entire city, making of it a wasteland.
The desperate and severely wounded King Erius, besieged with the few remaining soldiers at the palace compound, sends Prince Tobin to rally troops from the city of Atyion to the north, the hereditary fief of Tobin's father. A treacherous noble who had seized control of Atyion tries to bar him, but Tobin rallies the people who rebel and hang the traitor. Thereupon comes the moment for Tobin to enact the magic which would restore his/her true shape as a girl and the long-awaited Rightful Queen of Skala. Tobin makes the perilous magical transformation, involving a deep cut into his chest which brings about a magical explosion, while standing stark naked in front of the gathered people of Atyion - so that there would be no trace of doubt about the veracity of the sex change. Having become an unquestioned woman, Tobin must take a woman's name - choosing the name of Tamír, an ancient Queen who was murdered by here brother and whose ghost had encouraged Tobin.
Gathering the troops of Atyion and of various other fiefs, Tobin/Tamir heads back to Ero. Meanwhile, the freed Brother appears at the palace, stopping the heart of the King, and leaving Korin to be King in his stead. Though outnumbered, Tamír's army engages in furious fighting with the Plenimaran invaders, Tamír leading the troops and proving herself a true Warrior Queen, and aided by the wizards. Most of the Plenimarans are killed - only a few managing to flee back to their homeland. Tamír formally proclaims herself to the gathered wizards, priests and common people, who rejoice that the true Queen has returned - though the capital was totally devastated and very many died.
However, in final stages of the Plenimaran siege, Niryn had spread lies to the prince and turned him against his formerly beloved cousin. Shortly before Tamír's victorious arrival at devastated palace, Niryn made Korin flee with him to the strategic fortress of Cirna, which Niryn took over by treacherously massacring its garrison. Nalia already is there, and the frightened girl is told that Korin is her new husband - Niryn planning to have her impregnated with a rival heir for the Skalan throne.
Although Tamír is Queen, exercising real power, she cannot be formally crowned without the Sword of Gherilain, which is the Badge of Office of a Skalan Monarch (as well as being a formidable weapon, still sharp after centuries, and effectively used by Queens and Kings in battle). Tamír needs to retrieve this sword from Korin. At the same time, she is extremely reluctant to fight Korin, who had always been on good terms with his cousin. She also hopes to spare Skala, already devastated by plague and a cruel foreign invasion, the additional agony of civil war. However, being Queen often involves hard choices and the need to take actions which one finds repugnant - as would be told in the sequel, "Oracle's Queen".

</doc>
<doc id="6987001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987001" title="Soldier Mountain">
Soldier Mountain

Soldier Mountain Ski Area is an alpine ski area in the western United States, in the Soldier Mountains of Sawtooth National Forest in south central Idaho. Located north of Fairfield in very rural Camas County, its summit elevation is above sea level with a vertical drop of . The area has two chairlifts in series on its east-facing slopes, and a magic carpet was installed in the fall of 2012 near the base. The magic carpet was replaced in 2020 after the original was destroyed in a fire.
During its seasonal operations, Soldier Mountain is open from Thursday through Sunday, except for the Christmas holiday season when it is open daily.
History.
After watching the 1948 Winter Olympic tryouts in nearby Sun Valley, Bob Frostenson and his friend, Harry Durall, decided they could not turn their backs on the sport of skiing. That summer they raised $10,000 (equivalent to $ today) and began work on a base lodge, and purchased two rope tows, the first powered by a 1938 Chevrolet engine. They cut timber, installed lifts, and built lodges by hand.
The first chairlift was installed in 1971, and the upper chairlift "(Bird's Eye)" was added in 1974. Soldier has of variable terrain including a terrain park, glades, bowls, and tree skiing. Soldier maintained snowmaking capabilities, although it has not operated since 1996. Four miles (6 km) west of Soldier's summit is Smoky Dome, with an elevation of . In between there are several peaks well over : Peak 1 at and Peak 2 at are used in Soldier's backcountry skiing operations, served by snowcat.
Actor Bruce Willis, a part-time resident of Hailey, bought the ski area in the mid-1990s. It was speculated that Willis planned lift service to Peak 1 or Peak 2.
An early morning fire on Monday, March 30, 2009, destroyed the 61-year-old base lodge. The cause was attributed to electrical wiring, and occurred shortly after the final day of the ski season. A new base lodge was constructed and Soldier Mountain reopened ten months later, on January 28, 2010.
After nearly two decades of ownership, Willis donated it to a non-profit organization, "Soldier Mountain Ski Area, Inc", in 2012. Many of its members were from the area and had been skiing/boarding the mountain since childhood. On November 4, 2015, the McFerrans of Bend, Oregon, purchased Soldier Mountain from a debt auction for $149,000. In 2018, the McFerrans put the ski area up for sale for $800,000, listed it on Craigslist in 2019, and eventually sold it to an investment group called Ascent Ventures from Lehi, Utah, in 2020.
The new ownership then built a few lift-served mountain bike single track trails that were set to open on August 7, 2020. However, a lightning strike started a wildfire on August 5 that spread through most of the area, either damaging or destroying most of the equipment on the mountain while leaving the lodge area untouched. The ski area was able to make enough repairs to open for the 2020–21 season. The mountain added four more bike trails in early 2021 and opened the trail system on May 21, 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="6987002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987002" title="Barbancourt rum">
Barbancourt rum



</doc>
<doc id="6987003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987003" title="Caboose (Red vs. Blue)">
Caboose (Red vs. Blue)



</doc>
<doc id="6987009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987009" title="St. Anschar">
St. Anschar



</doc>
<doc id="6987015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987015" title="Saint Anschar">
Saint Anschar



</doc>
<doc id="6987018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987018" title="Sigma pi phi">
Sigma pi phi



</doc>
<doc id="6987020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987020" title="Erik the Lawgiver">
Erik the Lawgiver



</doc>
<doc id="6987025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987025" title="Holdco">
Holdco



</doc>
<doc id="6987026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987026" title="St. Eric IX">
St. Eric IX



</doc>
<doc id="6987027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987027" title="Sabotage/Live">
Sabotage/Live

Sabotage/Live is a live album by the Welsh rock musician John Cale. It was recorded at CBGB, New York City on 13–16 June 1979, and released by SPY Records in December 1979.
Release.
A studio version of "Mercenaries (Ready for War)" was released as a single in the US on 14 March 1980. The sleeve notes that are on the B-side state that the "vocal distortion (is) intended."
It was later reissued on CD by A&amp;M Records Canada, and reissued again in the UK by Diesel Motor Records. Both CD releases use the same vinyl rip as the source recording. The Diesel Motor CD reissue contains four extra tracks. The first three are originally from Cale's debut extended play (EP) "Animal Justice" (1977), while the fourth was the B-side of the "Mercenaries (Ready for War)" single (the A-side, which was an entirely different recording than the live album version, was not included as the master tape is lost). However, this was included on the unofficial download available on the ZE Records website from 2011.
Critical reception.
"NME" said of the backing band, "What they lack in finesse they make up for with a remorseless drive that equally befits Cale's cold-blooded, gut-churning music of fear – but puts the weight on the gut-churning. In fact it's surprising that there isn't a song about a mass-murderer amongst them; instead, for the first side at least, Cale is in the grip of post-nuclear mental tremors, raving obsessively about espionage, atom bombs and the dogs of war."
Personnel.
Technical
Animal Justice EP
"Rosegarden Funeral of Sores"
"Mercenaries (Ready for War)" single version recorded at Plaza Sound, New York City

</doc>
<doc id="6987029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987029" title="Colles’ fracture">
Colles’ fracture



</doc>
<doc id="6987030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987030" title="Saint Eric IX">
Saint Eric IX



</doc>
<doc id="6987032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987032" title="Edith Heath">
Edith Heath

Edith Kiertzner Heath (May 24, 1911 – December 27, 2005) was an American studio potter and founder of Heath Ceramics. The company, well known for its mid-century modern ceramic tableware, including "Heathware," and architectural tiles, is still operating in Sausalito, California, after being founded in 1948.
Life and education.
Kiertzner was born on May 24, 1911, in Ida Grove, Iowa, forty miles east of Sioux City, Iowa, to Danish immigrants Niels and Karoline Kiertzner. In 1931, Kiertzner enrolled at the Chicago Normal School, later renamed Chicago Teachers College, and graduated in 1934. She enrolled part-time at the Art Institute of Chicago after graduation taking her first ceramic course. She also took classes from László Moholy-Nagy at his Chicago School of Design. In 1938, Edith married Brian Heath.
Developing ceramics.
Relocating to San Francisco, Edith accepted a position as an art teacher at the Presidio Hill School and audited classes at the California School of Fine Arts. She developed a clay body in these classes which she adapted many times for her production work. Not being able to have as much access to the pottery equipment as she wished, Edith pursued her ceramic interests on her own converting a treadle sewing machine into a pottery wheel.
In 1943, she studied eutectics, the science of mixing various metals with clay to create specific properties, with Willard Kahn through the University of California extension courses. She experimented with mixing various metals into the clay mixture to achieve different properties. She used native clay, experimenting with various California clays before settling on clay from the Sierra mountains because this was able to withstand very high heat. Heath's continued experimentation led to her becoming an expert in how different clay types affected aesthetic qualities of her wares. She also developed custom glazes, including the speckle glaze that was innovative at the time.
In 1944, her first major show was at the California Palace of the Legion of Honor. She also participated in the Syracuse Ceramic Nationals.
Heath ceramics.
A buyer from San Francisco retailer Gumps approached Edith to supply their store with her high quality hand-thrown pottery using the company's pottery studio. She accepted the opportunity, while continuing to work in her own studio. Major retailers began to order tableware, which required Heath to develop ways to manufacture her pieces from her design rather than create them by hand. In 1948, she opened Heath Ceramics in Sausalito, California. By 1949, Heath was producing 100,000 pieces a year.
Heath Ceramics was purchased by Robin Petravic and Catherine Bailey in 2003. Edith Heath died on December 27, 2005, at her home in Tiburon, California.
Tableware.
Edith Heath's "Coupe" line remains in demand and has been in constant production since 1948, with periodic changes to the texture and color of the glazes. Other Heath pottery lines include "Rim," designed in 1960, and "Plaza," designed in the 1980s.
"Rim", as its name implies, had an unglazed outer rim. It was favored by restaurants because the rim made the pieces easy to carry and the pieces stacked securely.
Architectural tile.
The Pasadena Art Museum, now the Norton Simon Museum, in Pasadena, California, and designed by Pasadena architects Thornton Ladd and John Kelsey of the firm 'Ladd + Kelsey' used Heath architectural tiles. The distinctive and modern curvilinear exterior facade is faced in 115,000 glazed tiles, in varying brown tones with an undulating surface, made by Edith Heath. They are part of the backdrop many see when viewing the New Year's Rose Parade. Heath was awarded the American Institute of Architects Industrial Arts Medal for this work. It was the first time the medal had been given to a non-architect. She also collaborated with architects Eero Saarinen, Alexander Girard, Kevin Roche, and William Pereira.
Other.
Interested in making use of small clay leftovers and space in the kiln, Heath created a line of ceramic buttons. Although colorful, the buttons did not work well and they were discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="6987034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987034" title="Simeon Bourgeois">
Simeon Bourgeois



</doc>
<doc id="6987038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987038" title="Federation of International Polo">
Federation of International Polo

The Federation of International Polo (FIP) is the international federation representing the sport of Horse Polo, officially recognized by the International Olympic Committee. The FIP was founded in 1982 by representatives of eleven national polo associations, and it represents the national polo associations of more than 80 countries. Its principal aim is to enhance the international image and status of polo.
In addition to organising international tournaments, the FIP develops international tournaments for children, conducts umpiring and coaching seminars, encourages participation in the sport at all levels and ages, and makes the international rules of polo through a cooperative agreement with the Asociación Argentina de Polo, the Hurlingham Polo Association of Great Britain and Ireland, and the United States Polo Association.
History.
In 1978, Marcos Uranga organized the first international polo tournament for clubs. It was held in Buenos Aires, with representatives from polo clubs throughout South America. Inspired by the success of the tournament, Uranga began considering the idea of competitions between countries.
By the early 1980s, motivated by the desire to broaden the scope of international polo and reinstate its Olympic status, Uranga (who became president of the Argentine Polo Association) suggested an international organization of polo-playing countries. Uranga and former US ambassador Glen Holden had become friends, and he asked Holden for help. An initial meeting was held in Buenos Aires, and by April 1982 a federation was created with the polo associations of twelve countries. Its headquarters were in Argentina because that country was considered to have the most experience in organizing tournaments. It was suitable for polo practice, had many horses, and many foreigners attended the annual Argentine Open. Uranga was the FIP's first president, a position he held for 15 years.
The federation was created by Uranga and Holden on November 25, 1982, in Buenos Aires with representatives of the national polo associations of Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Chile, El Salvador, France, Italy, Mexico, Peru, Spain and Zimbabwe. Its principal aim was to enhance the image and status of polo at the international level. In December of that year, the Argentine Polo Association invited the national polo associations of the twelve countries to a meeting to establish an international group that would promote international competitions, obtain recognition from the International Olympic Committee, standardise the rules of the sport, develop it worldwide, and support the breeding of polo ponies. When the FIP was founded, Uranga said that one of his primary objectives was to bring polo players together to enhance the sport. The federation was accepted as a member of the Global Association of International Sports Federations (GAISF) in October 1992 at the association's general assembly in Monaco.
The FIP is a non-profit organization registered in Uruguay at the Ministry of Education and Culture and governed by Uruguayan law. It is known as the Federación Internacional de Polo in Spanish, hence its acronym FIP. Uranga stepped down as FIP president in 1997, although he remained active in the federation chose. Its second president was Glen Holden. 
IGF.
The International Chovgan Federation (IGF) for Chovgan was established in 2 February 2024. The first IGF World Chovgan Championships was held in Azerbaijan in november of 2023. Azerbaijan national and Morocco in the final and Poland and Uzbekistan in the 3rd place. First IGF European Chovkan Championship was held in 3-7 June 2025.
European championships.
Source:
Men.
The European championship is a 6–8 goal tournament for all European FIP member countries. It was introduced in 1993 based on an idea by Reto Gaudenzi, the Swiss founder ambassador of the FIP who created the St. Moritz Snow Polo Tournament. The European championship's handicap provides an opportunity for European players and patrons to participate in a FIP event and represent their country. Due to Piero Dillier's work as zone C director, the event has grown in popularity. The European championship is unique in the close proximity of the European countries, which makes it easier for national federations to send ponies and players to the host country. It is the most valuable tournament, after the World Polo Championships.
In 2018, during the XII FIP European Polo Championship and II FIP Ladies European Polo Championship (both at the Villa a Sesta Polo Club in Italy), the organization had a record attendance of European polo teams and countries.
2023: 1- 2- 3- 
European Men's medals, 1993–2023.
FIP European Championships
 European champions Final Runners-up Third place
1993, Jul 21-31 St. Moritz SUI ENG 11:3 ITA SUI
1995, Aug 17-27 Antwerpen BEL ENG 8:2 GER SUI
1997, Sep 05-14 Milano ITA ENG 9:3 ITA ESP
1999, Sep 18-26 Chantilly FRA ENG 6:4 IRL GER
2002, Sep 06-15 Roma ITA FRA 6:5,5 NED SWE
2005, Aug 26 - Sep 04 Vreeland NED ITA 9:6 ENG NED
2008, Sep 04-14 Hamburg GER ENG 7:3,5 BEL FRA
2010, Sep 03-12 Ebreichsdorf AUT FRA 10:8 ESP ENG
2012, Sep 07-16 Sotogrande ESP ESP 8:2 AUT IRL
2014, Sep 04-14 Chantilly FRA ENG 6:3 IRL FRA
2016, Aug 26 - Sep 04 Berlin GER IRL 7:4 FRA GER
2018, Sep 20-30 Villa a Sesta ITA ITA 8:4 AZE IRL
2021, Sep 12-19 Sotogrande ESP ITA 6:5 AUT ESP
2023, Sep 01-10 Düsseldorf GER ESP 9:6 AZE GER
2021: Originally planned on 2020, Sep 10-20 in Baku AZE first postponed to 2021, Sep 01-12, finally relocated on 2021, Jun 03 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
FIP Ladies European Championships
 European champions Final Runners-up Third place
2017, Apr 30 - May 07 Chantilly FRA ITA 5:4 FRA GER
2018, Sep 20-30 Villa a Sesta ITA GER 9:4,5 ITA NED
2021, Sep 22-26 Milano ITA ITA 6,5:6 ENG IRL
2023, Jul 03-09 Punta Ala ITA GER --- ITA FRA
Other FIP tournaments.
Children's polo.
Every year, FIP and the polo federations of member countries organize events for children under 14. Players arrive a week before the tournament, and stay at the homes of families of local players. The Polo Training Federation of the US, the FIP, and El Dorado member Fred Mannix sponsored one of the first FIP children's tournaments in 1991.
FIP Snow Polo World Cup Invitational.
First conceived in 1959, snow polo did not get its official start until 1985, when the first match was played on the frozen surface of Lake St. Moritz in Switzerland. Although the first match attracted only 1,000 spectators, snow polo has become more popular and is also played in Italy, Austria, France, the United States, Argentina, Russia, Spain and China.
Snow polo is notably gaining ground in China, where the inaugural Snow Polo World Cup Invitational was held in 2012 at the Tianjin Goldin Metropolitan Polo Club. The tournament is played according to FIP snow-polo rules. The Metropolitan Polo Club is China's largest polo facility. The tournament, hosted by the Equestrian Association of China and the FIP, is organized by the Tianjin Sports Bureau, the Hong Kong Polo Development and Promotion Federation (HKPDPF) and the Tianjin Polo Association with sponsor support.
FIP Super Nations Cup.
With four professional teams from the world's leading polo nations, the 24-goal tournament has been held at the Tianjin Goldin Metropolitan Polo Club.
Ambassador's Cup.
FIP ambassadors are liaisons between the federation and individual countries. They represent the FIP's goals and objectives in his or her own country and work on behalf of the federation in other countries. An ambassador is asked to reach specific goals set by the FIP president, and are expected to support all FIP events with time, effort and horses. FIP ambassadors were created when the federation was founded to promote it in their own polo association and increase interest in the sport.
Nineteen countries signed up within a few years of FIP's founding, with ten more provisional members. The main vehicle for recruiting new member countries was a series of tournaments which became known as Ambassador's Cups. The tournaments originated as competition for FIP members and collaborators to engage them in the sport beyond the organizational realm and play polo in different parts of the world. One of the first Ambassador's Cups was held in Moscow to revive the sport, which had been abolished during the Russian Revolution in 1918. The tournament was played in a circus tent, since there were no fields.
Women's Nations Cup.
The Women's Nations Cup was played from 12 to 16 December 2021 in Argentina. Three teams participated: Argentina, England and the US. The tournament was played with a 16-22 handicap at Palermo Polo Fields.
Rosters:

</doc>
<doc id="6987040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987040" title="John Messenius">
John Messenius



</doc>
<doc id="6987043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987043" title="Messenius">
Messenius



</doc>
<doc id="6987046" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987046" title="Whitharral, Texas">
Whitharral, Texas

Whitharral (pronounced "WHIT-hair-ul", the T and H do not blend) is an unincorporated community in Hockley County, Texas, United States.
History.
Whitharral was founded in 1924 after the sale of the Littlefield ranchlands. The town was named for John Whitfield Harral, a trustee of the Yellow House Land Company, which sold the Littlefield ranchlands to farmers.
A school was founded in 1925, and a post office the following year. Cotton gins, three churches, a garage, and a general store followed soon after.
Tornadoes have hit the town twice. The first occurred on Easter Sunday of 1957, causing some residential damage. Late in the evening on April 17, 1970, a violent tornado caused heavy damage to parts of the city and flattened the school's gym just minutes after fans and players had left the facility.
Demographics.
Whitharral first appeared as a census designated place in the 2020 U.S. Census.
Education.
The Whitharral Independent School District serves area students. The high school football team has played in the UIL six-man football state championship three times, winning in 1981 and 2001.
On March 2, 2013, the Whitharral girls basketball team, the Lady Panthers, captured the Class 1A Division II state championship by defeating Saltillo of Hopkins County, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="6987048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987048" title="Whitharral, TX">
Whitharral, TX



</doc>
<doc id="6987049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987049" title="Khaled">
Khaled

Khaled is a male Arabic name after Khaled who was the general of the first Caliph Abu Bakr; it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6987053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987053" title="Robert Talbott Miller">
Robert Talbott Miller

Robert Talbott Miller III (April 5, 1910 – January 1999) was an American citizen who worked in the United States Office of the Coordinator of Inter-American Affairs during World War II. He was alleged to be part of the Soviet espionage group known as the "Golos ring" in the 1940s.
Biography.
Miller was born April 5, 1910, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and lived in Baltimore, Maryland. In August 1934, he moved to Moscow and worked as a correspondent for the "Chattanooga News" until 1937. In Moscow, Miller met and married his wife, Jenny Levy, an American. In 1937, Miller became press agent for the Spanish Republican government. In 1939, the Millers moved to New York City, and Miller became President of the Hemisphere News Service and editor of its weekly publication, "Hemisphere". Jack Fahy, another suspected spy for the Soviet Union, was Vice President and Treasurer. Miller was known to be meeting with Jacob Golos as early as February 1941 in New York. Sometime that same year, the Millers relocated to Washington D.C. so that he could take employment as an analyst for the Office of the Coordinator of Inter-American Affairs (OCIAA) in the Department of Commerce at a good salary. He later became Director of the Division of Reports of the OCIAA. About this time, Miller allegedly began supplying information to Elizabeth Bentley for the Golos network. Miller had access to information from the Office of Naval Intelligence (ONI), Army G-2 (Intelligence), the Office of Strategic Services (OSS), and the FBI concerning Latin American affairs. The material Miller allegedly provided Bentley for transmission to Soviet intelligence always concerned Communist or Russian activities in Latin America.
In September 1941, the Hemisphere News Service moved to Washington D.C. and became the Export Information Bureau, managed by Joseph Gregg, and received a contract to do exclusive research work for the Coordinator of Inter-American Affairs. At the same time, Robert Miller became a research analyst with the OCIAA. The Export Information Bureau was subsequently absorbed into the CIAA.
In December 1941, Miller was interviewed by D.M. Ladd of the FBI about a request to investigate several individuals and organizations for OCIAA, including an organization called the "Society for Pan-American Confraternity". In February 1942, at the request of Undersecretary James Forrestal, FBI Special Agent Jerry Doyle had lunch with John Nitze, a former employee of Forrestal. Nitze was accompanied by Miller, who was described as being in charge of intelligence for the OCIAA. Nitze explained that Miller provided intelligence reports for both the Board of Economic Warfare (BEW) and the OCIAA which were prepared from information supplied by the FBI, Office of Naval Intelligence and Army G-2.
In July 1944, Miller transferred to the Near Eastern Division of the United States Department of State and handled confidential matters between the United States and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. By August 1944, it was established Miller had a connection with Greg Silvermaster, head of the Silvermaster group. Miller was also a close associate of Maurice Halperin, who worked for the OSS, State Department, and Soviet intelligence. Charles Flato of the Office of Economic warfare and the Foreign Economic Administration was also one of Miller's contacts.
Miller resigned from the State Department in December 1946. According to Anatoly Gorsky's memo, "Failures in the U.S.A. (1938–1948)," December 1948: in Alexander Vassiliev's Notes from the KGB Archive. Miller's codename was "Mirage." "Mirage," is one of the codenames in The Venona Papers that was not identified by other sources.

</doc>
<doc id="6987056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987056" title="Chancellor of the diocese">
Chancellor of the diocese



</doc>
<doc id="6987057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987057" title="Sinosteel">
Sinosteel

Sinosteel Corporation (S: 中国中钢集团公司, T: 中國中鋼集團公司, P: "Zhōngguó Zhōnggāng Jítuán Gōngsī") is a state-owned enterprise, primarily in mining, trading, equipment manufacturing and engineering. Founded in 1993 and based in the People's Republic of China, it is the country's second largest importer of iron ore. The company used to be under the direct supervision of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission. In 2022, it was acquired by state-owned steel conglomerate Baowu.
Organization.
There are 86 subsidiaries under the administration of Sinosteel, among which 63 are in China and 23 abroad. Sinosteel is mainly engaged in mining and processing of minerals; related trading and logistics; construction, engineering, and technical service; and equipment manufacture. It operates in Algeria, Australia, South Africa, India, Singapore, Brazil, the European Union, Gabon, Cambodia, Indonesia, Vietnam, Turkey, Hong Kong, and Macao.
Mining and processing.
The company has iron and chrome mines in Australia and South Africa.
Trading and logistics.
Sinosteel possesses a global-running sales network and logistic service system. It is the raw material supplier and sales-agent for a number of Chinese steel mills, some of which Sinosteel has entered into long-term strategic partnership. The company offers ferrous metal minerals, non-metal minerals, and coke and coal; feedstock, such as scrap, pig iron, and heavy crude oil; steel/finished steel products, including steel/semi-finished steel products, steel wire products, and steel grating; and ferro-alloys.
It acts an agent for many Chinese and international equipment and technology suppliers, providing investment development, future brokerage, bidding services for Chinese steel mills, goods transportation, insurance, cargo agent, storage and port and wharf services.
Manufacturing.
It also provides manufacturing equipment, such as mining, rotating and sintering, iron making, and steel making and refining equipment; submerged-arch furnace; and continuous casting, rolling, carbon mechanical and electrical, and refractory manufacturing equipment. In addition, the company offers refractories for steel making industry, petrochemical industry, non-ferrous industry, cement industry, and glass industry. Further, it provides carbon products, electro-magnetic material, and non-ferrous metals.
Engineering and technical services.
The scientific and technological companies under Sinosteel operate in the areas of geological exploration, beneficiation, heat engineering, environmental protection, refractory materials, metal products and engineering design. Its engineering and construction arm is Sinosteel Equipment &amp; Engineering Co. Ltd., which in 2012 had revenue of $1.09 billion, making it the 188th largest construction and engineering firm in the world. International revenue accounted for $271.3 million of the overall total.
History.
The company was founded in 1993 as China Iron &amp; Steel Trade &amp; Industry Group Corporation and changed its name to Sinosteel Corporation in August 2004. Sinosteel Corporation is based in Beijing, China.
Sinosteel in 2008 completed a hostile takeover of Australian iron ore producer, Midwest Corporation, cornering 51% of the shares of the company in a A$1.36 billion acquisition. It was the first successful hostile takeover of an Australian public company by a Chinese company.
In 2016, due to heavy debt of 60 million yuan owed to financial institutions, Sinosteel was greenlit for swapping 27 billion yuan of its debt for equity convertible bonds under a new government policy designed to curb run-away corporate debt in the economy.
In 2022, Sinosteel was acquired and became a subsidiary of Baowu, a fellow state-owned Chinese enterprise that is the world's biggest steel maker.

</doc>
<doc id="6987062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987062" title="Held (song)">
Held (song)



</doc>
<doc id="6987068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987068" title="Sondermalm">
Sondermalm



</doc>
<doc id="6987070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987070" title="World Polo Championship">
World Polo Championship

The World Polo Championship is an international polo competition between countries. The event is organised by the sport's governing body, the Federation of International Polo (FIP), and is contested by the national teams. There is no restriction on the gender of the players. The inaugural tournament was held in 1987, hosted by Argentina, and is now contested every three or four years.
History.
In the early 1980s, motivated by a desire to broaden the scope of international polo, as well as to restore the sport's Olympic status, Marcos Uranga, then President of the Argentine Polo Association, proposed that an international organization be formed among the polo-playing countries of the world. The initial meetings took place in Buenos Aires, and by April 1982, the Federation of International Polo, quickly known as “FIP,” was created. FIP's first President was Marcos Uranga.
Mr. Uranga spearheaded the movement for a World Championship and scheduled the first for April 1987 in the Campo Argentino de Polo in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Aware of the relative difficulty of fielding high-goal teams worldwide, the early FIP organizers wisely decided to limit competition to teams rated 10 to 14 goals. In an attempt to nullify the factor of the horses, they devised the then-revolutionary idea of split strings of horses – assigning matched strings of 28 horses to each team by the luck of the draw.
In 1989, the second FIP World Championship was played in Berlin, at Maifeld, the very stadium that had been the site of polo's last appearance in the Olympic Games. The sport had come full-circle, and it underlined the growing influence of FIP in the world polo community. Argentina, Australia, Chile, England, France, Germany, Switzerland and the United States competed in the tournament's second edition. A talented USA team beat England 7–6 in the final. The USA team players were: Horton Schwartz, Julio Arellano, Charley Bostwick and John Wigdahl who scored the winning goal in the sixth chukker. The resulting publicity raised the visibility of the FIP among U.S. polo players.
The FIP World Championship III was held in Santiago, Chile in 1992. Argentina outscored the host country 12–7 in the final securing their second World Championship. England beat the USA for bronze.
Starting in 1993 Michael Schultz-Tholen, then the FIP delegate to the International Olympic Committee, arranged numerous meetings with IOC representatives including the President of the International Olympic Committee Mr. Juan Antonio Samaranch. Finally at the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games, the General Assembly of the International Olympic Committee granted the status of an IOC Recognized Sport and accepted the Federation of International Polo as the worldwide governing body for the sport of polo. This decision was confirmed ("outright recognition") two years later.
In 1995, the fourth World Championship was held in Saint Moritz, Switzerland. Brazil fought its way gamely through the early rounds and met Argentina in the final where they pulled off an exciting 11–10 victory to assume the mantle of World Polo Champions.
In 1998, the fifth World Championship was held at the Santa Barbara Polo &amp; Racquet Club in Santa Barbara, California. Mr. James Easton, a member of the International Olympic Committee, presented Argentina, the winning team, with a history-making Olympic trophy. This was the first time in 62 years that the winning team of an international polo tournament was so honored.
The FIP World Championship VI held in Melbourne, Australia in 2001 featured eight national teams that qualified through a demanding and highly competitive zone playoff system, which included 24 international teams. Brazil narrowly defeated Australia by one goal (Brazil 10, Australia 9) in the final.
In 2004, the Sixth World Championship was held in Chantilly, France. The tournament included eight teams. 28 countries competed in the qualifying rounds. All of the games were competitive. Brazil defeated England in the final (10-9) in sudden death.
The eighth edition of the World Polo Championship took place in Mexico during May 2008 and was won by Chile.
The ninth edition of the World Polo Championship took place in San Luis Province, Argentina during October 2011. Argentina defeated Brazil in the final and Italy took the third place after defeating England. It was the first time in World Polo Championship that Italy achieved a podium finish.
The tenth edition of the World Polo Championship took place in Santiago, Chile during March and April 2015. The hosts won beating the United States 12–11 in overtime in the final.
In the 2017 World Polo Championship Argentina beat Chile in the final securing their fifth title.
In the twelfth edition of the Championship, Spain clinched an 11-10 win in overtime against the USA for their first ever title.

</doc>
<doc id="6987071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987071" title="Osco, Ticino">
Osco, Ticino



</doc>
<doc id="6987076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987076" title="Pusp Jain">
Pusp Jain

Pusp Jain (born 4 April 1956) was a member of the 13th Lok Sabha and 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Pali constituency of Rajasthan and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party.

</doc>
<doc id="6987077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987077" title="Bishop of Odense">
Bishop of Odense



</doc>
<doc id="6987078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987078" title="Pura, Ticino">
Pura, Ticino



</doc>
<doc id="6987080" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987080" title="Ufa International Airport">
Ufa International Airport

Ufa International Airport (, "Mezhdunarodnyy aeroport Ufa", ) is the primary airport serving Ufa, the capital of Bashkortostan, Russia.
In 2017, the airport handled 2,810,000 passengers, becoming the tenth largest airport in Russia and the largest airport in Russia's Volga Federal District. It is also the largest airport in the federal subject (republic) of the Republic of Bashkortostan.
Former BAL Bashkirian Airlines used to be headquartered at the airport.
History.
On 11 May 1924, the building of the first aircraft hangar near Glumilino village was completed. On 15 May, a new aviation club opened within the Bashkirian branch of AFFVS.
In 1933, the first ever route opened, encompassing over 730 km via Ufa–Sterlitamak–Meleuz–Mrakovo–Baymak–Magnitogorsk–Beloretsk–Ufa.
In 1956, Ufa Airport began performing technical maintenance of the Yakovlev Yak-12 airplanes and Mil Mi-1 helicopters, which were then serving the Bashkirian air routes.
Between 1959 and 1962, the airport was under reconstruction, and three hotel buildings, cargo and fuel storage facilities, a 100-seat dining hall and a garage were built. A new runway was built, as well as radio approach equipment for landing under heavy weather conditions and new radar facilities. The new runway was then capable of receiving Tupolev Tu-124, Antonov An-10 and Ilyushin Il-18 aircraft.
In 1964, a new terminal for 400 passengers per hour was built and put in operation. In 1986 the Tu-134 hijacking attempt occurred at the airport.
In 2007, the reconstructed terminal of the airport entered into operation. The area of the air terminal has more than doubled. Many departments are located there. Four telescopic ramps, four elevators and three escalators have been installed. It can serve 600 passengers per hour.
Airlines and destinations.
The following airlines operate regular scheduled, seasonal, and seasonal charter flights to and from Ufa:
Ground transportation.
The city bus lines No. "101" and "110" and "110c" connect the airport with the city of Ufa.

</doc>
<doc id="6987088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987088" title="Innocent Venus">
Innocent Venus

 is a Japanese anime television series which began broadcasting on the Wowow network in Japan on July 26, 2006 at midnight. The series makes use of some 3D cel-shaded animation, which achieves a more "hand drawn" look than traditional 3D animation. At Anime Boston 2007, ADV Films announced they licensed for the show (for $120,000). On July 11, 2008 ADV announced that it was discontinuing printing of the DVDs.
Plot.
In the near future, after the world population and economy is devastated by a series of simultaneous hypercanes, many different factions and fledgling nations appear. In Japan, an elite class called Logos appears, controlling special zones in the country which have most of the wealth and resources. These special zones were created with the help of Power Assist Technology, which allowed Japan to recover from the consequences of the worldwide disaster (which included a combination of land subsidence and rising sea levels resulting in the permanent submerging of low-lying areas and a subsequent ice age in much of the Northern Hemisphere), albeit to a strictly limited degree. The Logos exercise control over the Revenus, a lower class who mostly live in devastated and often poverty stricken zones (urban or in close proximity) and areas (rural) known as "Levinas" (e.g. Levinas Sector Six, Area 18) and who struggle from day to day to stay alive. The Revenus are generally restricted from entering the special zones, causing tension which creates a resistance movement which fights back against the Logos.
With the tagline "A Near Future Late-Shogunate Action Animation", the story draws analogies with 19th-century Japan at the end of the Tokugawa Shogunate period, just before the Boshin War.
The story proper is mainly set in 2035 AD. Jō and Jin defect from Phantom, an elite Japanese military special operations group which is used to help control the Revenus. When they escape, they take a young girl named Sana with them. The series follows them as they work to avoid being caught by Phantom and the regular military forces of the Logos. However, there are more to things than meet the eye.
Episode list.
The opening theme is "Noble Roar" by Yōsei Teikoku while the ending theme is "Brand New Reason" by Fleet.

</doc>
<doc id="6987091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987091" title="Tony Lupton">
Tony Lupton

Anthony Gerard "Tony" Lupton (born 10 January 1957) is an Australian former politician. He served as the member for Prahran in the Victorian Legislative Assembly from 2002 to 2010, representing the Labor Party.
Early life.
Lupton was born in Melbourne and educated at Christian Brothers College in St Kilda. After leaving school, he became an apprentice motor mechanic. In 1978, he returned to school at Caulfield Institute of Technology, successfully completed the Higher School Certificate and gained entrance to an Arts/Law degree course at Monash University.
After graduating he worked as a barrister, specialising in personal injuries cases for injured workers. Lupton joined the Australian Labor Party as a teenager.
Political career.
Member for Prahran.
At the 2002 Victorian state election, Lupton was elected as the member for Prahran after defeating sitting Liberal MP Leonie Burke. He was re-elected to a second term in 2006 after defeating Liberal candidate Clem Newton-Brown, and was appointed Parliamentary Secretary for Industry and Innovation following the election. After John Brumby took office as the new premier in 2007, Lupton was appointed Cabinet Secretary.
Lupton lost his seat at the 2010 state election in a rematch with Newton-Brown.
In 2014, Lupton sought Labor preselection but was defeated by Neil Pharaoh.
2025 by-election.
In December 2024, Lupton announced he would run as an independent candidate at the 2025 Prahran state by-election, following Labor's decision not to endorse a candidate after the resignation of Greens-turned-independent MP Sam Hibbins. He was endorsed by former Labor premier Steve Bracks.
Lupton attended a campaign meeting with conservative lobby group Advance. On his how-to-vote card, Lupton preferenced Liberal Party candidate Rachel Westaway.
Political views.
In an article published in "The Australian" in October 2024, Lupton said he is a Zionist and is against "identity politics".
Personal life.
Lupton is the partner of journalist Julie Szego, and the pair have two daughters. He is a supporter of the Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).

</doc>
<doc id="6987092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987092" title="Marie-Christine Cazier">
Marie-Christine Cazier

Marie-Christine Cazier-Ballo (born 23 August 1963 in Paris) standing at 178 cm tall is a retired French sprinter, who specialized in the 200 meters. She set three French records over the distance, the last being 22.32 seconds, when she won a silver medal at the 1986 European Championships. She competed in the women's 200 metres at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="6987097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987097" title="Lisa Sheppard Robson">
Lisa Sheppard Robson



</doc>
<doc id="6987099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987099" title="Dezincification resistant brass">
Dezincification resistant brass



</doc>
<doc id="6987108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987108" title="Ramswaroop Koli">
Ramswaroop Koli

Ramswaroop Sundarlal Koli (born 15 January 1965) is an Indian politician, Social worker and former MP of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Bayana constituency of Rajasthan and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party.

</doc>
<doc id="6987109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987109" title="Camp Forrest, Tennessee">
Camp Forrest, Tennessee



</doc>
<doc id="6987112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987112" title="Camp Forrest, TN">
Camp Forrest, TN



</doc>
<doc id="6987119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987119" title="Vladimir Demikhov">
Vladimir Demikhov

Vladimir Petrovich Demikhov (; 31 July 1916 – 22 November 1998) was a Soviet Russian scientist and organ transplantation pioneer, who performed several transplants in the 1940s and 1950s, including the transplantation of a heart into an animal and a heart–lung replacement in an animal. He is also well known for his dog head transplants, which he conducted during the 1950s, resulting in two-headed dogs. This ultimately led to the head transplants in monkeys by Robert White, who was inspired by Demikhov's work.
Early life.
Vladimir P. Demikhov was born on July 31, 1916, into a family of Russian peasants living on a small farmstead in the northern part of Russia's Volgograd region. His father, Peter Yakovlevich Demikhov was killed during the Russian Civil War when Demikhov was about three years old, so he and his brother and sister were raised by their mother, Domnika Alexandrovna, who managed to provide them with a good education. He began to show an interest in the mammalian circulatory system as a teenager, and is also known to have been inspired by Pavlov's experimental work with dogs. When he left school in 1931, his first job was at the Stalingrad Tractor Plant where he worked as a mechanic and repairman.
In 1934, Demikhov began studying at the Voronezh State University, where in 1937 he created the world's first artificial heart and successfully implanted it into a dog (which survived for two hours after the surgery). A description of this groundbreaking work was published in April 1938 in the university's student newspaper, and it was presented to the other students at a scientific conference the following month. He then transferred to the Biology Faculty of Moscow State University, where he wrote his first scientific work, and graduated with honors in August 1940.
Soon after graduation, Demikhov was conscripted into military service and became a soldier in the Red Army; when the Soviet Union was drawn into the Second World War in June 1941, he served on the front line as a forensic expert and pathologist, and spent time serving in China when the Soviets declared war on Japan in 1945. He returned home at the end of the war with a number of medals and a military decoration. He married Liya Nikolayevna in August 1946, and their daughter Olga was born in July 1947.
Career.
After the war, Demikhov resumed his post in the human physiology department at Moscow State University, where he continued his experimental research, eventually performing successful heart and lung transplants on warm-blooded animals. In 1947, he moved to the Institute of Surgery in Moscow where he began to experiment with liver and kidney transplantation in the late 1940s.
He spent the 1950s carrying out research into organ transplantation surgery, continuously improving his experimental techniques. He successfully performed an isolated orthotopic heart transplantation in a dog in 1951 (where the heart was correctly positioned rather than offset inside the thoracic cavity). The survival rates steadily increased from a few hours to several weeks, and one of the dogs that received a heart transplant in 1953 survived for another seven years after the operation.
A successful mammary–coronary artery anastomosis was achieved in 1953, after unsuccessful attempts the previous year. Demikhov also developed the principles of myocardial revascularization, which enabled him to perform the first experimental coronary artery bypass operation. The ultimate aim of his research was for organ transplantations to be implemented in clinical practice on humans.
In February 1954, in arguably his most bizarre experiment, he transplanted a dog's head onto another dog, using vascular connections to the host dog's heart. Ignoring the condemnation from his critics, he continued with this particular line of experimentation, becoming more successful with time. His transplantation work was widely reported inside the Soviet Union, where it was continuously criticized for being unethical, but it was not until the late 1950s that news of his experiments spread to the outside world. In fact, by the time American surgeons became aware of Demikhov's dog head transplantations in 1959, he had already been performing these procedures for five years.
Demikhov coined the word "transplantology", meaning organ transplantation, in his 1960 monograph "Experimental Transplantation of Vital Organs", for which he received his doctoral degree. Later translated into English (1962), German (1963) and Spanish (1967), this became a hugely influential publication for physicians interested in the emerging field of organ and tissue transplantation, and was for some considerable time the only monograph on the subject.
He joined the Sklifosovsky Institute of Emergency Medicine in 1960, where he remained until his retirement in 1986. His main goal was to push for the introduction into routine surgical practice of vital organ transplantation in humans, using "revitalized" (living) organs rather than artificial ones. Demikhov's ideas were initially met with a huge degree of skepticism but he maintained a calm demeanor and was able to field all questions that were thrown at him by his critics. Eager to share his ideas and findings with other medical professionals from around the world, he was always happy to welcome visitors to his laboratory to witness his experiments. U.S. physicians started to learn about his innovative techniques in the 1960s, when many of them traveled to the Soviet Union to watch Soviet surgeons at work. By 1962, the opinion of the American medical community had shifted and they gradually warmed to the idea of one day successfully transplanting human organs.
One particular admirer of his work was South African cardiac surgeon Christiaan Barnard, who became convinced through studying Demikhov's experiments that human heart transplantation was a real possibility. Barnard twice visited Demikhov's laboratory in Moscow, in 1960 and 1963, and inspired by his observations there, he successfully performed the world's first heart transplant operation from one person to another in 1967. He would later credit Demikhov's earlier experiments for making all this possible, calling him "[the] father of heart and lung transplantation".
Scientific contribution.
Demikhov is perhaps most famous for his two-headed dog experiments. He achieved a substantial number of world's firsts:
All of the surgical procedures listed above were carried out on warm-blooded animals (non-human). Between 1963 and 1965, he also assembled the world's first collection of living human organs for surgical use.
Death.
Demikhov died at the age of 82 on November 22, 1998, as the result of an aneurysm, in his small apartment on the outskirts of Moscow. Although he had received various honors later in life, including a USSR State Prize, the true value of Demikhov's experiments was not acknowledged by Russia until the year of his death, when he was awarded the Order of Merit for the Fatherland, 3rd class, shortly before he died.

</doc>
<doc id="6987122" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987122" title="Patlabor WXIII">
Patlabor WXIII



</doc>
<doc id="6987124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987124" title="Gwinnett (disambiguation)">
Gwinnett (disambiguation)

Gwinnett can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6987126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987126" title="Shrichand Kriplani">
Shrichand Kriplani

Shrichand Kriplani (born 18 July 1958) is an Indian politician currently serving as a member of the 16th Rajasthan Legislative Assembly, representing the Nimbahera constituency as a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. He previously served as an MLA from 1990 to 1993, again from 1998 to 1999, and later from 2013 to 2018, all representing the Nimbahera constituency. He also served as the Housing and Urban Development Minister under the Vasundhara Raje cabinet from 2016 to 2018.
Political career.
He previously served as an MLA from 1990 to 1993, then again from 1998 to 2003, and later from 2013 to 2018, representing the Nimbahera constituency.
He was inducted into the Vasundhara Raje cabinet as the Minister of Urban Development and Housing.
Following the 2023 Rajasthan Legislative Assembly election, he was re-elected as an MLA from the Nimbahera constituency, defeating Udai Lal Anjana, the candidate from the Indian National Congress (INC), by a margin of 3845 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="6987127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987127" title="Honi Soit (album)">
Honi Soit (album)

Honi Soit is the seventh solo studio album by the Welsh rock musician John Cale, released on 9 March 1981 by A&amp;M Records, and was his first studio album in six years following 1975's "Helen of Troy". It was recorded and mixed by Harvey Goldberg at CBS 30th Street and Mediasound in New York City with the intention of making a more commercial album with record producer Mike Thorne at the helm, Thorne would soon be known for his work with Soft Cell. "Dead or Alive" was the only single released from the album but it did not chart. However, "Honi Soit" is Cale's only studio album to date to chart on the US "Billboard" 200, peaking at No. 154.
In 1991, Universal re-released the album on CD. It only held the songs from the original LP. This same version of the album has been reissued twice: in 2004 and 2018.
Content.
All of the tracks on "Honi Soit" were written by John Cale, except for "Streets of Laredo", a traditional song arranged by Cale about a dying cowboy telling his story to another cowboy. The track "Need Your Loving" was left off the album in favour of "Riverbank".
American artist Andy Warhol suggested that the album should be called "John and Yoko", and provided the cover art, in black and white, but against Warhol's wishes Cale colorized it, a decision recounted by Cale on the song "A Dream" from his 1990 collaboration studio album with Lou Reed about Warhol, "Songs for Drella". In a tongue-in-cheek allusion to the song "Fighter Pilot", the credits on the sleeve give each of the musicians a mock military aviation role, with Cale described as "flight surgeon". The album's title is an abbreviation of the phrase "Honi soit qui mal y pense" (French: "shame upon him who thinks evil of it"), the motto of the British chivalric Order of the Garter.
Critical reception.
Robert A. Hull of "Creem" wrote that "Once again on "Honi Soit" – from the opening trumpet blast of "Dead or Alive" to the final pounding of the drums on "Magic &amp; Lies" – Cale evokes the epochal – this time as a series of battles, as a pure declaration of war. Like Lou Reed's "Street Hassle", it's a work on which the artist finally reveals himself, concealing his tracks yet at the same time blowing his cover." Stephen Holden of "The New York Times" called the album "excellent", and described Cale as "one of the godfathers of new-wave music, [who] has accomplished the seemingly impossible feat of reconciling the ferocity of postpunk rock with the stateliness of European classicism."
In a retrospective review for AllMusic, critic Mark Deming said that ""Honi Soit" rivals "Fear" as the most lividly uncomfortable album in Cale's catalog, and that's saying something." Lindsay Zoladz of "The New York Times" called "Honi Soit" a "wild post-punk album" and wrote: "Cale's approach was so consistently ahead of its time that he was easily able to slot into various emerging genres as the decades went on. "Fear", along with his production for Smith and the Stooges, heralded him as a godfather of punk, while "Honi Soit" proves he understood post-punk and new wave just as intuitively."
Personnel.
Credits are adapted from the "Honi Soit" liner notes.
Musicians
Production and artwork

</doc>
<doc id="6987128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987128" title="Cannan">
Cannan

Cannan is a surname of Manx origin, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6987130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987130" title="Venerable Thomas Sprott">
Venerable Thomas Sprott



</doc>
<doc id="6987131" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987131" title="Look Now (Smog song)">
Look Now (Smog song)



</doc>
<doc id="6987134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987134" title="Thomas Spratt">
Thomas Spratt



</doc>
<doc id="6987145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987145" title="Covington Independent School District">
Covington Independent School District

Covington Independent School District is a public school district based in Covington, Texas (USA).
The district has one school that serves students in grades pre-kindergarten through twelve.
In 2010, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
History.
The first mention of any school in Covington comes from the early history of the founding of the town of Covington. Covington was founded by Colonel James. J. Gathings in the spring of 1852. He became the owner of 10,000 acres (40 km2) of land on the east side of the Cross Timbers. He subdivided of land at the present site of Covington into lots from 1 to . He then offered these lost free "to anyone who would build, make it his home and lend his influence in building up the school."
In the early 1860s, probably 1862, Gathings College was founded by James Gathings and his brother Philip. Almost immediately it became the largest, and by some accounts, the best school in Texas. It had an enrollment of over two hundred boys and girls from all over Texas. In connection with the college, a military school was established to prepare the young men for military duty.
Gathings College had a sharp decline in enrollment after the Civil War because of the general turmoil resulting throughout the entire South during the reconstruction era. However, some type of school apparently continued at the site as part of the original college was incorporated into the Covington Public School at some point. The two-story red brick school that so many ex students are familiar with still had the original college coal bin and part of the auditorium in it when it cease to be used in 1966.
The town of Covington held an election of the 18th day of April, 1906, to determine if the town should incorporate for "free school purposes". Sixty-five votes were cast for incorporation and 15 votes were cast for no corporation. Hill County Judge N.J. Smith then declared Covington to be "duly incorporate for free school purposes", the name of the incorporation being "Covington Independent School District". At the same election, seven trustees for the new school district were elected from a field of 20 candidates.
An article in the Covington Chronicle from November 12, 1931, lists nine teachers, a principal and a superintendent for Covington Schools. The same article states that "the present town has a good brick school building, two churches, a bank, and a number of neat business houses, and is doing a large volume of business."
In the early 1960s the town and school had declined to the point that a motion was made on May 29, 1961, to consolidate with Itasca ISD. Board Secretary E.D. Kiblinger suggested tabling the motion and holding a town meeting first to determine what the citizens wanted. Again in 1963 or 64, the board voted to close and consolidate with Itasca. The vote was a tie with three trustees voting for consolidation and three voting to try to keep the school the board president, Johnny Milburn, broke the tie and voted to keep the school. The total school enrollment at that time was 87 students in grades 1 through 12. Our highest enrollment was in the year 2000 with 368 students in grades pre-K through 12. Current enrollment is 332.
Special programs.
Athletics.
Covington High School plays six-man football.

</doc>
<doc id="6987146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987146" title="Lyubov Kiryukhina-Tsyoma">
Lyubov Kiryukhina-Tsyoma

Lyubov Kiryukhina-Tsyoma (born 19 May 1963, ) is a retired middle-distance runner who represented the Soviet Union and later Russia. She specialized in the 800 metres. She won bronze medals indoors at world and European level in 1987.
She represented her country at the 1996 Summer Olympics, reaching the semi-finals.
She competed at the 1997 World Championships in Athletics but was disqualified for doping. She'd tested positive for the anabolic steroid stanozolol and was subsequently handed a two-year ban from sports.

</doc>
<doc id="6987147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987147" title="Covington ISD">
Covington ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6987151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987151" title="Blum Independent School District">
Blum Independent School District

Blum Independent School District is a public school district based in Blum, Texas, United States. The district operates one high school, Blum High School.
Finances.
As of the 2010–2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $136,883. The maintenance tax rate was $0.117 and the bond tax rate was $0.021 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency. Thirty-five percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011–2012 school year, the district had students in three schools.&lt;br&gt;
Regular instructional
JJAEP instructional
Athletics.
For the 2012 through 2014 school years, Blum played six-man football in UIL Class 1A 6-man Football Division I.

</doc>
<doc id="6987152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987152" title="Blum ISD">
Blum ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6987159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987159" title="Mount Calm Independent School District">
Mount Calm Independent School District

The Mount Calm Independent School District is a public school district based in Mount Calm, Texas, United States. Located in Hill County, a portion of the district extends into Limestone County.
Schools.
Mount Calm ISD has one campus with two buildings. Mount Calm Elementary serves students in grades pre-kindergarten through eight. Mount Calm High School serves students in grades nine through twelve. In an election held on November 3, 2009, voters in the district approved a $1.5 million bond issue that calls for the construction of a new high school building. Of the 195 votes cast, 110 (56.4%) were in favor of the measure with 85 (43.6%) opposed. Before the new high school was built, students attended high school in one of three neighboring districts - Hubbard, Penelope, or Axtell.
Academic achievement.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Special programs.
Athletics.
Mount Calm High School plays six-man football. The team is known as the Panthers.

</doc>
<doc id="6987160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987160" title="Discrete optimized protein energy">
Discrete optimized protein energy

DOPE, or Discrete Optimized Protein Energy, is a statistical potential used to assess homology models in protein structure prediction. DOPE is based on an improved reference state that corresponds to noninteracting atoms in a homogeneous sphere with the radius dependent on a sample native structure; it thus accounts for the finite and spherical shape of the native structures. It is implemented in the popular homology modeling program MODELLER and used to assess the energy of the protein model generated through many iterations by MODELLER, which produces homology models by the satisfaction of spatial restraints. The models returning the minimum molpdfs can be chosen as best probable structures and can be further used for evaluating with the DOPE score. Like the current version of the MODELLER software, DOPE is implemented in Python and is run within the MODELLER environment. The DOPE method is generally used to assess the quality of a structure model as a whole. Alternatively, DOPE can also generate a residue-by-residue energy profile for the input model, making it possible for the user to spot the problematic region in the structure model.

</doc>
<doc id="6987162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987162" title="Mount Calm ISD">
Mount Calm ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6987164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987164" title="AL Rowse">
AL Rowse



</doc>
<doc id="6987165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987165" title="Petworth, England">
Petworth, England



</doc>
<doc id="6987167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987167" title="AN Wilson">
AN Wilson



</doc>
<doc id="6987168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987168" title="Thomas Sprott">
Thomas Sprott

Thomas Sprott (d. 11 July 1600), also spelled Thomas Spratt, was an English martyr, as was his colleague, Thomas Hunt, who is also known as Thomas Benstead. 
Biography.
Thomas Sprott ("alias" "Parker") was born in about 1571 at Skelsmergh, near Kendal in Westmorland; suffered at Lincoln with Thomas Hunt on 11 July 1600. Sprott studied at Douai College in northern France, where he was ordained priest in 1596. He was sent on the English mission that same year, and signed the letter to the pope, dated 8 November 1598, in favour of the institution in England of the archpriest. Sprott had hoped to join the Jesuits.
Thomas Hunt.
Hunt was born in Norfolk in approximately 1573. Bede Camm says that his real name was probably Bensted or Benstead, as that was how Henry Garnet referred to him. He studied for the priesthood at the Royal English College in Valladolid and subsequently the English College of Seville, being ordained in 1599. His service in England was brief, being initially imprisoned at Wisbech, where he then escaped with five others.
Arrest and Execution.
Some months later, they were arrested at the Saracen's Head, Lincoln, upon the discovery of the holy oils and two Breviaries in their possession. When brought to trial, their being priests was neither proved nor confessed, nor was any evidence produced. Judge Sir John Glanville berated the jury when it failed to find the defendants guilty. Hunt then said that if the judge thought them guilty he should pronounce sentence himself and not bring "innocent blood" on the heads of those who understood neither the law nor the case. 
Taking exception to the phrase "innocent blood", Glanville responded, "Let your blood which you call innocent be on me and my head." He then directed the jury to find them guilty, which was done. His words were remembered when sixteen days later Glanville died while riding a quiet cob in the meadows; his horse suddenly shied and threw him and he suffered a broken neck.
Thomas Sprott and Thomas Hunt were among the eighty-five martyrs of England and Wales beatified by Pope John Paul II on 22 November 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="6987170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987170" title="Malone Independent School District">
Malone Independent School District

The Malone Independent School District is a public school district located in Malone, Texas (USA).
The district has one campus, Malone Elementary, which serves students in grades pre-kindergarten through eight.
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
Controversy.
In July 2024, the ACLU of Texas sent Malone Independent School District a letter, alleging that the district's 2023-2024 dress and grooming code appeared to violate the Texas CROWN Act , a state law which prohibits racial discrimination based on hair texture or styles, and asking the district to revise its policies for the 2024-2025 school year.

</doc>
<doc id="6987171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987171" title="Malone ISD">
Malone ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6987177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987177" title="Marina Yachmenyova">
Marina Yachmenyova

Marina Yachmenyova (; born 14 July 1961) is a retired middle distance runner who represented the Soviet Union and later Russia. She specialized in the 1500 metres run. Her main achievement was coming second in the European Indoor Championships in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="6987178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987178" title="Breviaries">
Breviaries



</doc>
<doc id="6987179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987179" title="Pebble Creek, Idaho">
Pebble Creek, Idaho

Pebble Creek is an alpine ski area in the western United States, located in southeastern Idaho in the Portneuf Range in the Caribou National Forest. It is east of Pocatello in eastern Bannock County, four miles (6 km) east of Inkom. It is currently owned by Internet personality Shay Butler.
Pebble Creek's runs are on the northwestern slope of Bonneville Peak (a.k.a. "Mount Bonneville"), whose summit is above sea level, the highest elevation in the Portneuf Range. The lift-served summit is , with a vertical drop of . Accessing the summit of Bonneville Peak by foot is allowed, gaining 711 vertical feet giving a total vertical drop of . The mountain is named after Benjamin Bonneville, a U.S. Army officer who explored the Intermountain West in the 1830s.
The ski area opened in 1949 as Skyline, with two rope tows and a warming hut. A Poma lift was installed in 1958, and another in 1960. The first chairlift (double) was installed in 1966 which opened steeper terrain, and the current day lodge was built in 1968.
The area was sold in 1978 and again a year later to the Pebble Creek Land Company, which changed the area's name to Pebble Creek in 1979. The CTEC triple chairlift was added in 1980, with additional terrain, and the area was sold again in 1981 to Pebble Creek Ski Area Ltd., a group of local investors. In 2001, the old Minor-Denver double chair was replaced with a triple which extended the lift-served summit an additional 200 vertical feet (61 m).
Currently, Pebble Creek has three chairlifts (all triples) serving of skiable terrain, rated at 12% beginner, 35% intermediate, and 53% advanced. The average annual snowfall is . Snowmaking was added in the lower areas of the mountain in the 1990s.
While Pebble Creek may be a relatively unknown area, it has previously been listed as one of the top 30 ski areas in the SNoBoard Magazines's annual "Where to ride guide" (volume 5, issue 2).

</doc>
<doc id="6987182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987182" title="Reverse punt">
Reverse punt



</doc>
<doc id="6987183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987183" title="W. Eifion Jones">
W. Eifion Jones



</doc>
<doc id="6987184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987184" title="Penelope Independent School District">
Penelope Independent School District

Penelope Independent School District is a public school district based in Penelope, Texas (USA). In addition to Penelope, the district also serves the unincorporated community of Birome. The district has one school, Penelope School, that serves students in grades pre-kindergarten through twelve.
The school and town were chronicled in the book "Where Dreams Die Hard" by Carlton Stowers, which followed the school football team for an entire season (after dropping the sport for 40 years, the school resumed play in 2000). In 2007, Penelope made the football playoffs for the first time in school history, though it lost in the first round.
Academic achievement.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Special programs.
Athletics.
Penelope High School offers six-man football, volleyball, basketball, track and field, and cross country running.

</doc>
<doc id="6987186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987186" title="Lison, France">
Lison, France



</doc>
<doc id="6987187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987187" title="Rig Veda 1">
Rig Veda 1



</doc>
<doc id="6987188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987188" title="Penelope ISD">
Penelope ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6987192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987192" title="Maurice Kriegel-Valrimont">
Maurice Kriegel-Valrimont

Maurice Kriegel-Valrimont (14 May 1914 – 2 August 2006) was a militant communist who took part in the French Resistance during the Second World War, and a French politician. Along with Général Leclerc and Henri Rol-Tanguy, he accepted the surrender of Dietrich von Choltitz at the Liberation of Paris.
Early years.
He was born Maurice Kriegel in Strasbourg to a Jewish family with central European origins. He studied law at the University of Strasbourg, and then became legal adviser to an insurance company after a move to Paris in 1936.
1930s and the outbreak of war.
During the period of the Popular Front, Kriegel became a trade union activist. He headed the organisation in the insurance sector of the Confédération générale du travail (CGT), and he was also active in the Mouvement Jeunes Communistes de France (MJCF).
Not having been called up in 1939 due to ill health, he moved to Toulouse in the unoccupied zone.
Resistance activities.
In early 1942, he was approached by leaders of a left-wing resistance organisation, and he went on to play a leading role in setting up an embryonic paramilitary section. During the resistance he adopted the pseudonym Valrimont, among others. When arrested in Lyon on 15 March 1942, his knowledge of German as a native of Alsace allowed him to conceal his true identity from his interrogators, and he thus faced only minor charges. On 24 May he escaped from prison with several colleagues and resumed his activities, organising sabotage in factories and opposing the drafting of French labour for the German war effort. By 1944, the resistance had complex coordination structures including a military action committee (Comac) which directed the French Forces of the Interior (FFI). As a member of Comac, Kriegel was at the very top of the resistance.
At the moment of the Normandy landings, Kriegel supported an immediate internal uprising of the French population. This was in contrast with the attitude of General Charles de Gaulle, whose strategy was tied to close cooperation with the allies. When street fighting broke out in Paris on 19 August, de Gaulle's representatives negotiated a truce with the German commander. Kriegel and Henri Rol-Tanguy, the communist leader of the FFI in the city, denounced this. When the allied troops led by General Leclerc arrived in the city, Kriegel was one of the three leaders of the resistance who received the surrender of the German military governor of Paris, General Dietrich von Choltitz, on 25 August 1944.
Complex relationship with PCF.
Maurice Kriegel-Valrimont, as he was now known, formally joined the French Communist Party (PCF) after the war and was elected to parliament in 1945 to represent an Alsace constituency. From 1947 onward, he was a member of the party's central committee, and was given responsibility for its press bureau. In 1952, André Marty and Charles Tillon were excluded from the direction of the PCF. Maurice Kriegel-Valrimont voted for their exclusion but later wrote in his memoirs: "When I ask myself questions about my life, it is the only point where I find no excuses."
After Nikita Khrushchev's 1956 denunciation of the crimes of Joseph Stalin, Kriegel tried to get the French communist party to adopt a more liberal line. This resulted in his disgrace, and he left the party in 1961, finding employment as an administrator in the social security system.
Other.
Maurice Kriegel-Valrimont was the father of the president of Haut Conseil à l'intégration ("high council on immigration"), Blandine Kriegel, the father-in-law of journalist Alexandre Adler and the brother-in-law of historian Annie Kriegel.
He died of a pulmonary embolism at the age of 92 in Paris, France in 2006.
Further reading.
Larry Collins and Dominique Lapierre, Is Paris Burning?, New York: Pocket Books, 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="6987194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987194" title="Santa Rosa Independent School District">
Santa Rosa Independent School District

Santa Rosa Independent School District is a public school district based in Santa Rosa, Texas. Their rivals are La Feria. Their mascot is the Warrior and their school colors are black and gold.
In addition to Santa Rosa, the district serves the community of Grand Acres and the census-designated place of Tierra Bonita, as well as a portion of the Yznaga CDP.
Santa Rosa ISD has three campuses: Santa Rosa High School (grades 9–12), Jo Nelson Middle School (grades 6–8), and Elma E. Barrera Elementary (prekindergarten - grade 5).
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
The district changed to a four day school week in fall 2022.

</doc>
<doc id="6987196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987196" title="Santa Rosa ISD">
Santa Rosa ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6987198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987198" title="The War Of The Roses (film)">
The War Of The Roses (film)



</doc>
<doc id="6987200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987200" title="Hyak (Washington)">
Hyak (Washington)



</doc>
<doc id="6987201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987201" title="Camp Blanding, Florida">
Camp Blanding, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6987203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987203" title="The Lady of Sorrows">
The Lady of Sorrows



</doc>
<doc id="6987204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987204" title="Point Isabel Independent School District">
Point Isabel Independent School District

Point Isabel Independent School District is a public school district based in Port Isabel, Texas, United States.
In addition to Port Isabel, the district serves the towns of Laguna Vista and South Padre Island, as well as the unincorporated Cameron County community of Laguna Heights.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="6987205" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987205" title="Thomas Hunt">
Thomas Hunt

Thomas or Tom Hunt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6987206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987206" title="Point Isabel ISD">
Point Isabel ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6987207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987207" title="Mortain, France">
Mortain, France



</doc>
<doc id="6987208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987208" title="Rio Hondo Independent School District">
Rio Hondo Independent School District

Rio Hondo Independent School District is a public school district based in Rio Hondo, Texas, United States. In addition to Rio Hondo, the district serves the communities of Arroyo Colorado Estates, Lozano, and Villa del Sol.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="6987211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987211" title="Aubrey Thomas Hunt de Vere">
Aubrey Thomas Hunt de Vere



</doc>
<doc id="6987213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987213" title="Rio Hondo ISD">
Rio Hondo ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6987219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987219" title="Palenberg, Germany">
Palenberg, Germany



</doc>
<doc id="6987221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987221" title="Canutillo Independent School District">
Canutillo Independent School District

Canutillo Independent School District (CISD) is a public school district with its headquarters in El Paso, Texas. Dr. Pedro Galaviz is the Superintendent of Schools.
The district opened on April 18, 1959. In addition to Canutillo, the district serves almost all of Vinton as well as the communities of Prado Verde and Westway. A portion of El Paso also lies within the district. Construction is quickly filling in raw land within Canutillo ISD boundaries.
In 2011, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
The district's Northwest Early College High School is a 2018 recipient of the U.S. Department of Education's Blue Ribbon School of Excellence award.
Schools.
High School (Grades 9-12).
Both are in El Paso
Middle Schools (Grades 6-8).
Both are in Canutillo

</doc>
<doc id="6987223" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987223" title="Canutillo ISD">
Canutillo ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6987224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987224" title="Do You Trust Your Wife?">
Do You Trust Your Wife?



</doc>
<doc id="6987229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987229" title="Como-Pickton Consolidated Independent School District">
Como-Pickton Consolidated Independent School District

Como-Pickton Consolidated Independent School District is a public school district based in Como, Texas (USA). Located in Hopkins County, a very small portion of the district extends into Wood County.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools.
Como-Pickton Consolidated ISD operates three schools:
High school.
Serving grades 9-12, Como-Pickton High School has various clubs &amp; organizations that include: National Honor Society, Student Council, FCCLA, SkillsUSA, Spanish Club, FFA, Robotics, and One-Act Play.
The school district was voted by readers of the Sulphur Springs News-Telegram as the best Public School in Hopkins County in 2019, 2020, 2021, and 2022.
Athletics.
The Como-Pickton Eagles compete in the following sports: 
Cross Country, Volleyball, Football, Basketball, Powerlifting, Baseball, Softball, and Track and Field.

</doc>
<doc id="6987233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987233" title="Como Pickton Consolidated Independent School District">
Como Pickton Consolidated Independent School District



</doc>
<doc id="6987234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987234" title="Como-Pickton Consolidated ISD">
Como-Pickton Consolidated ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6987236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987236" title="Como Pickton Consolidated ISD">
Como Pickton Consolidated ISD



</doc>
