<doc id="6943279" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943279" title="Economic impact of immigration to Canada">
Economic impact of immigration to Canada

The economic impact of immigration to Canada is an important topic in Canada. Two conflicting narratives exist: 1) higher immigration levels help to increase GDP and 2) higher immigration levels decrease GDP per capita or living standards for the resident population and lead to diseconomies of scale in terms of overcrowding of hospitals, schools and recreational facilities, deteriorating environment, increase in cost of services, increase in cost of housing, etc. A commonly supported argument is that impact of immigration on GDP is not an effective metric for immigration. Another narrative regarding immigration is the replacement of the aging workforce. However, some economists note that increasing immigration rates is not an entirely effective strategy to counter it. Increased immigration numbers and the resulting surge in housing prices significantly contributed to the rise of inflation in 2021 to an 18-year high, while the immigration caps introduced in 2025 have been linked to increasing housing affordability through a positive drop in average asking monthly rents, ranging from 2 to 8 percent in several major cities. 
Canada is one of the top Western countries in terms of per capita immigrant acceptance. The per capita immigration rate to Canada has been relatively constant since the 1950s. However, in the first and second decades of the 21st century, there was a steady increase in the education and skill level of immigrants to Canada. This was due to the focus on higher average productivity-based applicants, resulting in immigrants to Canada being, on average, better educated than Canadians. This trend was enhanced for income redistribution in the third decade of the 21st century by opening low-skilled immigrant pathways with minimal immigration score requirements to reach a target of 400,000 immigrants annually. This has cemented a new narrative on immigration: immigration is to fill low-skilled jobs and alleviate competitive labor market pressures faced by businesses that use cheap labor. Starting in 2022, the Trudeau government has set immigration targets influenced by the Century Initiative's lobbying. Over a million immigrants were targeted in 2022, followed by 465,000 immigrants in 2023, 485,000 immigrants in 2024, and a projection of 500,000 immigrants in 2025. Across Canada, people have been asking the government to match affordable housing to the set immigration levels, while the government annually welcomes 500,000 new permanent residents, and more than 800,000 foreign nationals into the country on study visas, as asylum seekers, and on temporary work visas. A Canadian journalist highlighted the poor preparedness for receiving immigrants in swathes, pointing to Canada's historic need for a "servant class" and "cheap labor" for the bourgeoisie and the owning class. Furthermore, the journalist observed that Canada's failure to address or neutralize the social and professional barriers for immigrants suggests it is not as welcoming as it purports to be. This policy of inaction silently perpetuates the creation of a servant class within the country's diverse mosaic. As a part of the process, by default, the government systematically forces a majority of immigrants into vulnerable positions and economic disenfranchisement.
An article by an ex-policy maker states that Canada is rooting for the low-wage-low-productivity model of competitiveness that it has been locked in since the mid-1980s with the immigration targets, a problematic approach according to Paul Krugman in the long term, and which the ex-policy maker also endorses by stating that throwing more cheap labor at problems without a significant increase in productivity will affect a country's ability to improve its standard of living over time. Some economists also warn that sustaining low productivity and the permanent integration of low-skilled temporary residents or foreign workers would lead to forced tax increases to manage associated government costs. The article further observes that it is imperative that Canada and the "government for the people" require a fundamental re-commitment to pre-1970s dominating national objective and efforts for a steady improvement in raising the living standard of Canadians by embracing the supply and demand concept of labor economics, and improving the economic efficiency of the system. A former director from Quebec's Ministry of Immigration observed that the government needs to treat people better, as their lives and families' futures are at stake.
Overview.
Immigration to Canada.
According to the CIA's "World Factbook" (2017), Canada has one of the highest migration rates in the world. Canada is also unusual among western nations in the widespread popular support for high rates of immigration, and a 2007 study showed support for immigration has increased in Canada despite its impact on cultural erosion. Canada's immigration policy, which focuses on selecting immigrants based on their skills and qualifications to meet labor market demands, as well as supporting irregular immigrants in need, reinforces the public perception that immigrants are making a positive contribution to the economy and that the system preserves human dignity as economic conditions permit. However, assessing the economic effectiveness of the immigration policy is challenging due to the complex interplay of capitalist dynamics, societal influences, and political factors on the lives of immigrants.
In 2023, a Statistics Canada report revealed that the notion of a widespread labor shortage in Canada is no longer substantial. The report found that jobs requiring higher education consistently had fewer available positions and highlighted that the hiring challenges for positions requiring post-secondary education are not due to a lack of qualified workers but because of a mismatch in skills that could be solved with ongoing training and deflated entry requirements, and inadequate wages that could be fortified with desirable benefits or competitive wages. The report also raised doubts about the hiring difficulties faced by firms trying to recruit workers with lower levels of education. It raised questions whether these job vacancies are solely a result of labor shortages in specific low-skilled occupations that might demand higher wages or if factors such as greater negotiating power and profit maximization that the low-skilled industries enjoy play a significant role. According to Jim Stanford, an economist and the director of the Centre for Future Work, the goal of immigration policy should not be solely focused on solving recruitment problems for low-wage employers or to bolster the mass immigration industrial complex, but rather on broader considerations that benefit the country and its people as a whole.
In 2024, despite years of per capita recession and housing affordability issues, the Liberal government has increased the intake of permanent residents, issuing around 35,000 invitations per month and boosting the population by over 410,000 within the first four months of the year, a 47% increase compared to the same period in 2023. Concurrently, Canada is rapidly transitioning temporary residents holding jobs that require basic college education. The immigration department also outlined its plans to offer permanent resident opportunities to individuals with educational backgrounds ranging from none to a maximum of high school education, aimed at meeting the demand for cheap, low-skilled labor through programs like the Canadian Experience Class, without considering the long-term negative impacts. A Fraser Institute study indicates that Canada's standard of living is on course for its sharpest decline since 1985, with a rapid deterioration starting in mid-2019. An Ipsos survey of 1,001 Canadians indicates that many feel their institutions are broken, suffer from personal underachievement due to a lack of rewarding opportunities, and have lost a sense of togetherness, with most concluding that the "country is broken." Additionally, a report from Food Banks Canada estimates that 1 in 4 Canadians are living in poverty. Meanwhile, Australian economists are using Canada as a cautionary example for Australia's economy if their government continues with extreme immigration policies.
Economic rationale for immigration.
There is no agreed view on the net impact of immigration in current times. Historically, Canada's unusually high immigration rates can be traced to the nation's unique economy. Another factor is that Canada has one of the world's largest supplies of natural resources such as oil, metals, and lumber. It also has a sparse population spread over a vast landscape. Canada has thus faced acute labour shortages and has responded by actively searching for immigrants. In the late 19th century this included bringing Chinese migrants to build the Canadian Pacific Railway and actively advertising in Europe to find farmers with the Last Best West campaign. Today similar recruitment efforts are needed to staff the oil sands projects in Alberta.
Another factor that contributes to the immigration question is Canada's low birth rate (10.3 births per 1000 people). The theory is that new residents can assist in meeting future government obligations relating to pay-as-you-go liabilities.
The economic dangers of population decline are not universally accepted. Organizations like the Fraser Institute question whether a declining population would reduce or increase per capita income, noting that in the short term, with a stable economy, fewer people would increase the per capita income simply because you divide the income among fewer people. This would increase per-head consumption and create a climate of economic well-being that could nurture pro-family values and policies which can increase Canada's birth rate. A study by the C. D. Howe Institute suggests that immigration cannot keep Canada's population young and could possibly contribute to population ageing in the near term. Due to socioeconomic processes and increased levels of immigration, skilled worker immigrants are being converted into a precariat class, with a 34% unemployment rate in 2001, raising questions about whether they are successfully meeting existing labor market needs in Canada. This class conversion among landed immigrants in 2020 was shown to be 9.5%, according to the unemployment rate. 
The first detailed analysis of Canadian immigration policy came from the Economic Council of Canada; it called for immigration to be increased to eventually bring Canada's population to 100 million. While it found that the economic benefits to Canada of immigration were fairly small, noting that "a historical perspective gives little or no support to the view that immigration is needed for national prosperity," it also concluded that the benefits to the newcomers themselves were extremely large. The report concluded that "it would be hard not to recommend an increase when immigrants can gain so much and Canadians not only do not lose but actually make slight economic gains." Economists from the libertarian-conservative Fraser Institute later conducted a series of studies using large amounts of census data (844,476 individuals) and found out that immigrants who arrived from 1987 to 2004 paid only 57% of the taxes paid by average Canadian in 2006, with the effect that taxes from immigrants do not exceed the government expenses relating to them (a gap of $23 billion annually according to their numbers).
Racialization and its Economic Impact.
Recent immigrants are far more likely than native-born Canadians to have low incomes initially, due to differences in culture, difficulties due to English being their second language, discrimination, and racialization. The employment equity policy prescriptions are not translated into programs that help immigrants to participate in the economy on an equal footing with other Canadians in a hostile labor market. All of which, a native-born Canadian initially would have to get into a workplace. A 2006 Canadian government report shows that 22 percent of racialized persons lived in poverty compared to 9 percent of non-racialized persons, and in major cities more than half of the people living in poverty were those who were racialized, and the comparative poverty rate was growing. Later, in a 2019 study, it was found that the rate of poverty amongst recent immigrants is 2.4 times higher than that of native-born Canadians, and this was identified as an ever-widening trend. In certain cities there are active local immigration partnerships that aid immigrants in getting jobs, however a network of community based wraparound services through existing community organization's are not available. A 2001 study found successful interpellation is possible if young people are considered for immigration, the study found a positive correlation between age and earnings for immigrants with acculturation effect, and the study observed it in immigrants who were visible minorities or whose mother tongue was not English. A 2003 study found that with then lack of support systems that can directly address socioeconomic problems of immigrants in a racialised society, and related lack of qualitative job accessibility, it would take more than 20 years of Canadian experience to achieve any positive economic gains. Established studies show educational achievement and rewriting policies to recognise education is critical for gaining higher incomes for overcoming the poverty trap and achieving poverty reduction. On an intergenerational level, if parents can avoid poverty, so will their children. In Canada's case, with its high-skilled immigration model, it is partly about being insulated from racialization at various levels.
Immigrant wellbeing.
Education levels.
The Canadian system puts great emphasis on finding skilled immigrants. Immigrants to Canada are more skilled than immigrants to the United States. George J. Borjas compared immigrants to Canada and the United States finding those to Canada being better educated and receiving higher wages once settled. He accredits this to Canadian neoliberal economy.
Within the Canadian economy, immigrants are mostly found at the highest education levels. In Canada, 38% of male workers with a post-graduate degree are immigrants to the country, and while 23% of Canadians are foreign-born, they comprise 49% of doctorate holders. A persistent problem for skilled immigrants is the recognition of foreign credentials. Data from Statistics Canada reports that only 72.2% of new immigrants (landed within 5 years) between the ages of 25 and 54 that possess a university degree are employed. While Canada recruits people to come based on their degrees, many newcomers arrive to find employers and professional organizations not recognizing their foreign education. As the percentage of skilled newcomers as a share of total migrants has increased, so has this problem. A study done by the "IZA Journal of Development and Migration" found that between 1991 and 2006, Canadian-educated immigrants and foreign-educated immigrants found that Canadian-educated immigrants who graduated from university had a large earnings gap with their Canadian-born counterparts both in the initial years after immigration and in the long run. It was speculated that this outcome was likely due to lack of Canadian work experience and deficiencies in their social networks and language abilities.
The setting of standards for, or recognition of, almost all professional credentials does not fall within the federal government's control and are therefore not determined by either federal laws or Citizenship and Immigration Canada policies, but Citizenship and Immigration Canada established the Foreign Credentials Referral Office to provide something like a directory assistance service for immigrants. The Government of Ontario enacted the "Fair Access to Regulated Professions Act, 2006" to help immigrants qualify for 34 provincially regulated professions. The Act also established the position of Fairness Commissioner in the province. In 2007, the Government of Alberta signed an agreement with federal government that will accelerate the process of foreign credential recognition for new immigrants by licensing bodies in that province. Other provinces have made similar commitments.
Decline in economic well-being.
Over the last 25 years the economic position of newcomers to Canada relative to the native population has steadily declined. A number of hypotheses have been advanced to explain these issues.
A January 2007 study by Statistics Canada analyzed the drop in income of economic immigrants from several perspectives. Economic immigrants are now more likely to begin their stay in Canada with a "low-income" (less than 50% of the median income) than an immigrant in any of the other immigration classes (see Table 16 in the study). This drop occurred during the 1990s and early 2000s despite the percentage of immigrants arriving with degrees in the economic class (including principal applicants, spouses, and dependents) rising from 29% in 1992 to 56% in 2003.
Stating an intention to reduce a backlog of immigration applicants of all classes, and to better target the required skills needed in Canada, the federal government passed a law in 2008 that gave the immigration minister new powers to alter immigrant selection. Many expected that these powers would be used to favour workers in skilled trades over immigrants selected on the basis of education through the points system.
While the well-being of immigrants has declined in recent years, this has not affected second-generation immigrants, or those who came to Canada as a child. This group is one of the most successful in Canada, with education and earning levels well above that of their parents and also above the Canadian average.
COVID-19.
In 2020, the Canadian government has planned to support economic recovery through increased immigration adding further strain to the socioeconomic system while other countries like New Zealand had a different COVID-19 recovery immigration strategy. The official Canadian government website quotes "Immigrants contribute to our economy, not only by filling gaps in our labor force and paying taxes, but also by spending money on goods, housing and transportation." A problematic aspect of this narrative is that it presents a distorted view and an illusion of novelty, as the same holds true for citizens and other capitalistic countries that also use young and changing temporary foreign workforce for achieving its economic needs and driving down wages.
In pre-pandemic period the notion for aggressive immigration was to increase the tax base for supporting a growing number of Canadian seniors through old age security and GIS. During the pandemic, it was re-framed as a "secret weapon to supercharge the country’s economic recovery." As a part of pursuing Century Initiatives goal, some never-before-seen immigration changes were made in 2021 to expand pathways to permanent residency for international students and temporary foreign workers. These changes included lowering scores, considering the passing of an academic program, removing English and French language proficiency test result requirement, and eliminating work experience requirement, this solidified the notion that getting a study permit is an unofficially recognized pathway for getting Canadian residency, some considered this to be cracks in the immigration system, as a backdoor to residency, and others as a convoluted pathway for migrant justice. More such changes were underway in 2022. However, these changes and promotions were heavily critiqued, stating it would increase worker mobility from low-wage sectors to sectors with better pay, and the temporary workforce in odious sectors will be unwilling to work in low wages and unappealing working conditions as Canadian workforce are (and it was evident from the 74% increase in job vacancies in the sector after the first TR to PR scheme) or it could change employer behaviors and the currently suffering category without temporary workforce will even suffer more. Stephen Punwasi, co-founder of the data journalism website Better Dwelling, evaluates Canadian immigration plans are becoming a snow job and predatory in nature, though Canadian liberal populism actively rejects the notion of needing modern slaves and have stated its commitment to promote temporary workforce into permanent residents while lamenting the need of workforce in categories where majority of temporary workforce are employed. During the pandemic, from grassroot level investigation's in the refugees category it was found out that most refugees are ending up "on the street," and critiques recommend that Canada should not accept more refugees without proper systems that can ensure their welfare.
The pandemic tagline for immigration was strongly promoted through other governmental stakeholders as well. Pedro Antunes, Chief Economist at Conference Board of Canada, based on forecasts stated that "Immigration continues to be an important driver of Canada’s social and economic well-being, especially as we recover from the COVID-19 pandemic." As a part of this liberal vision in 2022 the government lifted off 20 hours work limit for international students and gave employers more supply of labor at an external cost (negative) for majority of the resident population. Another government impact assessment stated that "high immigration levels have been recognized by the Bank of Canada as a net benefit for the economy, driving labor force growth, consumption, and housing activity." This was when Canada intensively started to face a heightened housing crisis due to unplanned affordable housing development, and looming questions like whether low-skilled workers should be integrated completely or could they be brought in seasonally like many other countries do are present. Another study highlighted that in 2019–2020, during the pandemic, about $785M (outside Quebec) was allocated to more than 500 third-party settlement service provider organizations across Canada. However, the list of these third-party settlement providers, their active status, and their service achievements are not available for public access, raising questions about the efficacy and transparency of the publicly funded immigrant integration programs. The integrity of these organizations comes under further scrutiny because they state that increased immigration could increase investment and improvements in the labor market integration process of immigrants itself, such as addressing underemployment, language training (while the immigration program already has standardized test result submission to qualify for immigration), and improving foreign credential recognition (which already exists and is a part of the immigration application).
Focusing on immigration as a solution towards generating tax revenue and filling up unwanted jobs was considered to be flogging a dead horse due to the meager amount in returns, the population effect that increased immigration levels affect negatively on the per capita public transfer to a citizen, the withheld taxes from actual income due to immigrants often coerced and unable to engage in the formal economy, the regulatory bindings without support that force immigrant workforce into complementary job statuses and resulting in the counterproductive waste of human capital, underemployment, and mismatched jobs (horizontal and vertical), etc. Apart from the government's display of strategic incompetence, the lack of innovation or promoting meaningful innovation, lack of infrastructure for training required citizen workforce, lack of inclusivity for training the resident population through subsidies, bottlenecking of admissions to in-need and emerging professional programs, etc. disregards domestic population needs and their ability to meaningfully contribute to government expenditures.
In 2023, after the pandemic, Canada continued to increase immigration levels set by consultants to account for 1.08% of Canada's population with a new immigration tagline that immigrants will and continue to address Canada's critical housing development needs while cities were struggling with lack of infrastructure to hold current temporary residents, new permanent residents, and new citizens.
Long-term outcomes.
One of the most important studies of the economic impact of immigration to Canada is Morton Beiser's "Strangers at the Gate." This study looked at the arrival of the Vietnamese boat people who began to arrive in Canada in 1979 to much controversy. The total number of refugees was 60,000, the largest single group of refugees to ever arrive in Canada. Beiser first studied the boat people upon their arrival, finding that few spoke English or French, that most were farmers with few skills useful in Canada, and that they had arrived with no assets with which to establish themselves. Beiser then followed the progress of the boat people to see what effect they would have on Canada. Within ten years of arrival the boat people had an unemployment rate 2.3% lower than the Canadian average. One in five had started a business, 99% had successfully applied to become Canadian citizens, and they were considerably less likely than average to receive some form of social assistance.
Immigrant employment and income.
Employment.
Unemployment tends to be very high for recent immigrants, compared to more established immigrants (lived in Canada between 5 and 10 years). Established immigrants tend to have an unemployment rate closer to the national unemployment rate of native-born citizens. In 2011, the unemployment rate of recently arrived immigrants was 13.6%, considerably above the native Canadian average of 5.5%. For more established immigrants, the rate fell to 8.2%.
Income.
Higher rates of unemployment and lower wages combine to give newcomers less income than the Canadian average. An analysis of Longitudinal Immigration Database by Statistics Canada showed that immigrants who landed in 2014, had a median income of $24,000 in 2015, compared to an income of $36,000 for native-born Canadians. The median income for new immigrants in 2015 was the highest ever recorded and $2,000 more than the median income of new immigrants in 2013. In previous decades, immigrant income levels did rise to the national average after 10 years, but in recent years the situation has deteriorated. A 2003 study published by Statistics Canada noted that "in 1980 recent immigrants had low-income rates 1.4 times that of Canadian born, by 2000 they were 2.5 times higher, at 35.8%." The study noted that the deterioration was widespread and affected most types of immigrants. The 2003 study explains that the low-income rate among non-immigrants declined in the 1990s, but this was more than offset by the income profile of new immigrants, resulting in a net rise in Canada's total low-income rate. An updated January 2007 study by Statistics Canada, explains that the deterioration continued into the next decade, with the low-income rate of recent immigrants reaching rates of 3.5 times that of Canadian born in 2002 and 2003, before edging back to 3.2 times in 2004. The 2007 study explains that this deterioration has occurred even though Canada implemented changes in 1993 to encourage more highly educated immigrants, with 45% of new immigrants having university degrees as of 2004.
In 1991, the Economic Council of Canada found that periods of immigration were not directly linked to periods of high growth. They noted that "a historical perspective gives little or no support to the view that immigration is needed for economic prosperity. In the 19th and early 20th centuries, the fastest growth in per capita real incomes occurred at times when net immigration was nil or negative. Later in the 20th century, the opposite linkage is seen but, clearly, there is no long-term correlation." However, the same report found that a high rate of immigration was good for Canada's future, and recommended expanding immigration rates to bring Canada's population to 100 million. A University of Montreal study published in 2002 by professor Marc Termote used different methods and studied different countries and concluded that immigration has no statistically significant impact to the per capita income of a country.
Wages.
In a 2007 study, economists Abdurrahman Aydemir and George Borjas found that a 10% increase in the supply of workers within a specific education–experience group may reduce that group's wages by around 3–4%. However, these results should not be interpreted as a universal 4% drop for all Canadian workers whenever immigration rises by 10%, since Aydemir and Borjas were examining group-specific wage impacts. Statistics Canada has likewise noted that overall wage effects of immigration in Canada tend to be relatively small, with more noticeable impacts confined to particular skill segments or regions.
In part because of the credential issue, many immigrants are forced to find work below their education level and at lower wages. However, even for doing work of the same skill level, immigrants are much less well compensated than their native born counterparts. Immigration scholar Jeffrey Reitz calculated that in 2001 native Canadian employers were benefiting from, and immigrant employees were losing out on, between $2 and 3 billion per year due to this imbalance. A study published by Statistics Canada reviewed data from 1991 to 2010 regarding the convergence of wages between immigrants and native-born Canadians. The study found that there was a convergence of relative earnings for immigrants. Immigrant men's average annual wages were 86% of those of native-born men in 2010, up from 76% in 1991.
There are a number of possible explanations for why newcomers earn less than native Canadians in the same jobs with the same skills. Lower hourly wages might be an indication that the labour productivity of immigrants is lower, and employers thus have reason to pay them less. New workers are also less familiar with the Canadian labour market and will thus not be able to maximize their salaries. Employers will also be less familiar with an immigrant's background and thus less willing to offer the same salary as to a native. Due to lower mobility, they do not access better-paying jobs, such as in Alberta and Saskatchewan. This has been changing with Calgary already surpassing Montreal in terms of percentage of visible minorities. Visible minorities in Saskatchewan earn higher wages than native-born Canadians.
Wider effects.
Government and social assistance.
The government has a large department and a number of programs to try to ensure the well-being of immigrants to Canada, and ameliorate their economic condition. Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada (IRCC) employs 5,000 staff, which on a per capita basis is 3 times more than the 15,000 U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services employees. IRCC recoups some of its department costs through landing fees. In 2006, the Canadian government reduced the landing fee per immigrant by 50%. The Parliamentary Budget Officer has reported that irregular migration, from the initial entry into Canada to the final decision from the Immigration and Refugee Board and/or Federal Court, as well as any deportations, cost the federal government $340 million in 2017–18, and is projected to rise to $396 million in 2019–20.
New immigrants are also entitled to settlement assistance such as free language training under provincial government administered programs usually called Language Instruction for Newcomers to Canada (LINC), for which the federal government budgeted about $350 million to give to the provinces for the fiscal year 2006–2007. The majority of the $350 million was allocated to Quebec under the Canada-Quebec Accord, at $196 million per year, even though immigration to Quebec represented only 16.5% of all immigration to Canada in 2005. The $350 million is budgeted to increase by an additional $90 million by 2009. Provincial governments in Canada have established citizenship and immigration departments, such as Ontario's Ministry of Citizenship, Immigration and International Trade.
Support for immigrants was also one of the key issues that formed the basis of the New Deal for Cities between Toronto (and other urban centres), the Government of Ontario, and the Government of Canada, because 43% of new immigrants settle in the Greater Toronto Area resulting in certain challenges for that region. A paper published by Statistics Canada noted that "Over the 1990s (1990 to 2000) the city's low-income rate rose 1.9 percentage points. All of this increase was associated with deteriorating outcomes among immigrants, which tended to increase the city's low-income rate by 2.8 percentage points." In other words, the low-income rate among non-immigrants fell, but the income profile of new immigrants resulted in a net widening of the income inequality gap in Toronto during the 1990s.
The needs of immigrants prompted the United Way of Greater Toronto, the largest United Way charity in Canada, to identify immigration services in Toronto as a top priority for their $100 million 2006 campaign to combat poverty and social exclusion. In 2006, the "Daily Bread Food Bank" in Toronto reported that over 40% of its clients are foreign-born, and that almost half of that group had been in the country for less than 4 years. While the less than 4-year group shows far above average need, the over 40% figure is in line with the general population as 44% of Torontonians are foreign-born.
Government finances.
There is no consensus on the net impact of immigration to government finances. A 1990 study found that an average immigrant household paid $22,528 in all forms of taxes and on average each household directly consumed $10,558 in government services. By contrast an average native Canadian household paid $20,259 in tax and consumed $10,102 in services. Across the country this means that immigrant households contributed $2.6 billion more than their share to the public purse. A 1996 study found that over a lifetime a typical immigrant family will pay some forty thousand dollars more to the treasury than they will consume in services. Explanations for this include that immigrant households tend to be larger, and have more wage earners, increasing taxes. Newcomers are also less likely to make use of many social services. Immigrants are less likely than native Canadians to receive employment insurance, social assistance, and subsidized housing. Immigrants are usually less prone to homelessness due to the support they receive from their families and communities. Recent immigrants are also less likely to make use of subsidized housing than native Canadians of the same income level. In 2004 22.5% of low-income native Canadians lived in subsidized housing, but only 20.4% of low income recent immigrants did so, though this number was considerably higher among more established immigrants. Results from a study from the Fraser Institute found that the immigrants who arrived between 1987 and 2004 cost governments $23 billion per annum (as of 2006) in excess of taxes raised from those immigrants, relating to universal social services (e.g., welfare, medicare, public education).
International trade.
Organizations that facilitate Canada's international trade system include the Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development (publicly known as Global Affairs Canada); the Trade Controls Bureau, which operates under the Minister of Foreign Affairs; the Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA); and the Canadian International Trade Tribunal, which is an independent quasi-judicial body.
The presence within Canada of people representative of many different cultures and nations has also been an important boost to Canada's international trade. Immigrants will often have the expertise, linguistic skills, personal connections with their country of origin that can help forge international trade ties. Studies have found that Canada does have greater trade relations with those nations that have provided large numbers of immigrants. Canada's economy is heavily centered on international trade, which accounted for 31.4% of GDP in 2017; although, most international trade is with the United States. In 2017, 76.4% of Canadian exports went to the United States.
This has been a common narrative about source countries of immigrants to Canada. For many years, expanded markets for trade has been a common rationale and justification for high immigration from the developing world. Data from Statistics Canada in 2017 reveals that the trade balances with developing countries from which Canada receives most of its immigrants ameliorates. As shown below, data from 2017 shows that only India has balanced trade with Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="6943287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943287" title="The Tall Men (film)">
The Tall Men (film)

The Tall Men is a 1955 American Western film directed by Raoul Walsh, and starring Clark Gable, Jane Russell, and Robert Ryan. It was produced by William A. Bacher and William B. Hawks. Sydney Boehm and Frank S. Nugent wrote the screenplay, based on the 1954 novel of the same name by Heck Allen (as Clay Fisher). Filming took place in Sierra de Órganos National Park in the municipality of Sombrerete, Mexico.
Plot.
Brothers Ben and Clint Allison are on their way to the goldfields of Montana after serving with the Confederate Army's Quantrill's Raiders. In need of money, they decide to rob wealthy businessman, Nathan Stark. At gunpoint, they force him to go with them to a hideout, where they tell him he will be allowed to leave the next day, minus his money. Stark talks them into becoming partners with him on a cattle drive from Texas to Montana using Stark's money and the Allisons' expertise. While the three are on their way to buy the cattle, their pack horse loaded with supplies falls in an icy river. They come upon a party of starving settlers, who give them shelter from a blizzard. Among them is Nella Turner, whom both Ben and Stark find intriguing.
The next day, the Allisons and Stark continue on their way, but discover Sioux Indians are likely to attack the settlers. Ben heads back to help, while Clint and Nathan head to an army post from where they can embark to San Antonio. All the settlers, except Nella, have been killed; she goes with Ben, and they find a cabin where they wait out the storm. They begin to fall in love, but become estranged when they discover that their dreams for life do not match; Nell had a hellish childhood on a farm, and now wants more than that narrow world; Ben merely wants his own ranch. Once the storm subsides, a rescue party of soldiers arrives. Ben learns that his brother and Stark have taken the stagecoach to San Antonio. Nella wants to go to California, but she is told that due to the weather, the only road open is the one to San Antonio.
Once they arrive in San Antonio, Ben and Nella go their separate ways, after sniping at each other as they disembark from the stagecoach. As Nella is checking in at the hotel, Stark comes down the stairs and is delighted to see her. He romances her with a fancy meal and champagne; afterwards, she shows up where Ben is staying, tipsily picks a fight with him, and behaves jealously toward a Mexican woman, whom she thinks is talking about her and trying to take Ben somewhere, though she is really looking for help to find Clint.
Ben recruits a gang of loyal "vaqueros" for the rugged 1,500-mile (2,414 km) trek to Montana. On the journey, Nella demonstrates a romantic interest in Stark; he has the bigger dreams she prefers, but she flirts with Ben. They harp and snap at each other so much, though, that Stark has the impression that the two truly dislike each other. Nella occasionally sings "The Tall Men", but varies the lyrics, depending on her mood. When she sings, she always makes sure that Ben is listening.
Along the trail, the cattle drive is confronted by a gang of jayhawkers, demanding $5,000 for permission to cross into Kansas; Ben refuses, and a gunfight ensues. Many Jayhawkers are killed. After several instances of losing his cool with Stark and general volatility, Clint asks Ben to let him scout the route ahead, in case of attack by the Sioux. One day, Clint's horse returns without him, and he is found tied to a tree, with about half a dozen Sioux arrows in his chest. For days, Ben scouts the movements of the Sioux, then returns to present a strategy of using the cattle and horses in a stampede against the Indians. After the ensuing battle, only about 100 to 150 head of cattle are lost.
When they arrive in Mineral City, Montana, Stark is paid $170,000 for the herd. Ben goes to Stark's office, in the rear of the saloon, to receive his portion and the bonus for the drovers. Stark gets a dig in at Ben, telling him that he is in a hurry to get to the hotel where Nella and he will be celebrating. Then, he announces that he has another reason, beyond the money, that he has been waiting for "this day", and that is to exact revenge on a man who shoved a gun in his belly. Stark calls in members of the "vigilante committee", who are set to hang Ben; Ben, however, having deduced that something like this might happen, has had his men hold everyone in the saloon at gunpoint and be ready to act against Stark. Stark changes his mind. Ben magnanimously only takes $16,000 for his men, $10,000 for himself, and $100 which he gives to the saloonkeeper toward a bottle of champagne for Stark and Nella's wedding. Stark remarks to his henchmen that he is not certain he would have let them hang Ben. He is the only man he has ever respected – "He's what every boy thinks he's going to be when he grows up, and wishes he had been when he's an old man."
Ben returns to his camp, and as he unwraps his sleeping bag, Nella begins singing her song from inside his wagon. This time, her words reflect her love for him – "The only one for me".

</doc>
<doc id="6943288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943288" title="Gen. John Winslow">
Gen. John Winslow



</doc>
<doc id="6943291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943291" title="List of UAE Nationals">
List of UAE Nationals



</doc>
<doc id="6943296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943296" title="List of UAE companies">
List of UAE companies



</doc>
<doc id="6943298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943298" title="Howard Kapnek Schachman">
Howard Kapnek Schachman

Howard Kapnek Schachman (December 5, 1918 – August 5, 2016) was a graduate school professor in the Department of Molecular &amp; Cell Biology at the University of California, Berkeley.
Early life.
Schachman was born in Philadelphia in 1918. In high school, he was interested in sociopolitical issues, inspired by his mother. He initially pursued liberal arts in college while studying to become a rabbi, before switching to chemical engineering in a university. He transferred from the University of Pennsylvania to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he graduated in 1939 with a chemical engineering degree.
Graduate studies.
He received a Ph.D. from Princeton University in 1948 and joined the faculty of UC Berkeley. He signed but protested the loyalty oath required by the Regents of the University of California during McCarthyism. He was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (1966) and the United States National Academy of Sciences (1968).
Among many other honors, he received the AAAS Scientific Freedom and Responsibility Award in 2000.
The "Howard K. Schachman Public Service Award" of the ASBMB is named after him.
Teaching career.
Each spring, he taught the MCB 293C course on Ethical Conduct of Research required for NIH-funded students. He died at the age of 97 on August 5, 2016.
Personal life.
While at Princeton he married Ethel Lazarus.

</doc>
<doc id="6943307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943307" title="West Burton">
West Burton

West Burton refers to more than one place in England:

</doc>
<doc id="6943317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943317" title="Ángeles del Infierno">
Ángeles del Infierno

 (Spanish for Angels from Hell or Hell Angels) is a heavy metal band from Basque Country, Spain, formed in 1980. Signing with Warner Bros. Records in 1984, they achieved success in their home country and Latin America during the 1980s and the early 1990s. In 2003, the band reformed and signed back onto Warner Bros. Records, releasing "Todos Somos Angeles" later that year.
Angeles Del Infierno was formed by Robert Alvarez and Santi Rubio in 1980 in San Sebastian with:
Angeles del Infierno released their first album, ("Pact with the Devil"), in 1984. They immediately had success in terms of both, record sales and critical reception. They scored several hits with songs like their anthem "Maldito sea tu nombre".
Band members.
Current members
Former members

</doc>
<doc id="6943325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943325" title="Abreham Cherkos">
Abreham Cherkos

Abreham Cherkos Feleke (Amharic: አብረሃም ቸርቆስ ፈለቀ; born 23 September 1989) is an Ethiopian professional long-distance runner. A former track specialist, he now competes in road running events including the marathon.
He was the 2005 World Youth Champion in the 3000 m and upgraded to a world junior silver medal the next year over 5000 m. He took bronze at the 2006 IAAF World Athletics Final and represented Ethiopia at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics. He won his first major senior medal (a bronze) at the 2008 IAAF World Indoor Championships.
He became world junior champion in 2008 and also made his Olympic debut, finishing fifth at the 2008 Beijing Games. After a year out in 2009, he made his marathon debut in 2010 at the Amsterdam Marathon, setting a best of 2:07:29.
Career.
Abreham Cherkos was born in Asella in Ethiopia's Oromia Region – the same town as multiple-gold medallist Haile Gebrselassie. Abreham made his international debut at the World Youth Championships in 2005, where he won the world youth title ahead of another great Ethiopian Prospect Ibrahim Jailan. In the 3000 metres race held in Marrakech, he covered the last km in 2:27, indicating his speed in distance events. He set a world youth best of 7:32.37 for the 3000 m in Lausanne that year. In 2006 Abreham began his international year by beating veteran runner Abraham Chebii of Kenya at the Carlsbad 5000, completing the 5 km road race in 13:14.
Later in the year, Abreham, in one of the most famous athletics stadiums – Bislett Stadion – he ran 12:59 in only his second 5000 metres race, finishing fifth behind a group of experienced runners including Kenenisa Bekele of Ethiopia and Isaac Kiprono Songok of Kenya. He followed his sub-13 minute performance with a 12:54.19 in Rome later on in the season. At sixteen years of age Abreham was running under the world record 12 years earlier. He completed the 2006 season with a silver medal in the 2006 World Junior Championships behind his older countryman Tariku Bekele. At the last meet of the year he beat Tariku at the IAAF World Athletics Final.
As a junior with one year of competition under his belt Abreham was able to finish third against the top athletes at the discipline at the 2008 IAAF World Indoor Championships. He finished fifth at the 2008 Beijing Olympics in the 5000 m later that year.
He competed at the 2010 Giro di Castelbuono in July and finished second, behind Zersenay Tadese but ahead of Samuel Wanjiru and former winner Vincent Kipruto. This race proved to be good preparation for the Amsterdam Marathon in October as he took fourth place in a quick race, clocking a time of 2:07:29 on his debut to finish six seconds behind compatriot Chala Dechase.
He began 2011 with a run at the Roma-Ostia Half Marathon and he finished fourth in 61:42 minutes. He was invited to the 2011 Boston Marathon and ended the race in fifth place with a time of 2:06:13 (a personal best, but on a wind-assisted course). His sole outing the following year came at the 2012 London Marathon, but he was much slower and his time of 2:12:46 hours left him in 15th place and out of touch with the top runners. He missed the entire 2013, but returned in 2014 in good form, running a legal-course best of 2:07:08 hours to take fifth at the Seoul International Marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="6943330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943330" title="Midclavicular line">
Midclavicular line



</doc>
<doc id="6943332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943332" title="Mid-clavicular line">
Mid-clavicular line



</doc>
<doc id="6943333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943333" title="Papal conclave, 1830">
Papal conclave, 1830



</doc>
<doc id="6943335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943335" title="Dreamland (album)">
Dreamland (album)



</doc>
<doc id="6943338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943338" title="Department for Employment and Learning">
Department for Employment and Learning

The Department for Employment and Learning (DEL), (; Ulster Scots: "Depairtment for Employ an Learnin"), was a devolved Northern Ireland government department in the Northern Ireland Executive. The minister with overall responsibility for the department was the Minister for Employment and Learning. The department was initially known as the Department of Higher and Further Education, Training and Employment (DHFETE), between 1999 and 2001.
Following the Fresh Start Agreement of November 2015, DEL was dissolved and its functions transferred to the Department for the Economy and Department for Communities, in order to reduce the size of the Northern Ireland Executive.
Aim.
DEL's overall aim was to "promote learning and skills, to prepare people for work and to support the economy".
Responsibilities.
The department's network of 'job centres' and 'jobs and benefits offices' advertised job opportunities for Northern Ireland residents. It was also responsible for policy in the following areas:
The Department of Education was responsible for all other levels of education in Northern Ireland.
DEL's main counterparts in the United Kingdom Government were:
In the Irish Government, its main counterparts were:
History.
Following a referendum on the Belfast Agreement on 23 May 1998 and the granting of royal assent to the Northern Ireland Act 1998 on 19 November 1998, a Northern Ireland Assembly and Northern Ireland Executive were established by the United Kingdom Government under Prime Minister Tony Blair. The process was known as devolution and was set up to return devolved legislative powers to Northern Ireland. DEL is one of five new devolved Northern Ireland departments created in December 1999 by the Northern Ireland Act 1998 and The Departments (Northern Ireland) Order 1999.
The department was named the Department of Higher and Further Education, Training and Employment until 20 July 2001 but was changed to its current title as the initials DHEFETE were pronounced as "Defeat".
A devolved minister first took office on 2 December 1999. Devolution was suspended for four periods, during which the department came under the responsibility of direct rule ministers from the Northern Ireland Office:
Since 8 May 2007, devolution has operated without interruption. The Independent Review of Economic Policy, which reported in September 2009, recommended a single economic policy department within the Northern Ireland Executive, which would result in the abolition of DEL.
On 11 January 2012, the First Minister and deputy First Minister, Peter Robinson and Martin McGuinness respectively, announced their intention to abolish the department. The department's functions would be "divided principally" between the Department of Education and the Department of Enterprise, Trade and Investment "in an agreed manner".
The proposal was resisted by the Alliance Party, which viewed it as "power grab" by the Democratic Unionist Party and Sinn Féin, but was approved on 18 January 2012. No timescale for the abolition was outlined and the department remained in operation, as of February 2015.
Ministers for Employment and Learning.
Direct rule ministers.
During the periods of suspension, the following ministers of the Northern Ireland Office were responsible for the department:

</doc>
<doc id="6943339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943339" title="Lake Dalrymple">
Lake Dalrymple



</doc>
<doc id="6943342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943342" title="1830 conclave">
1830 conclave



</doc>
<doc id="6943346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943346" title="Liveline">
Liveline

Liveline is an Irish radio interview and phone-in chat show broadcast on RTÉ Radio 1 each weekday afternoon between 13.45 and 15.00. The programme, which was presented from 1999 to 2025 by Joe Duffy — "Talk to Joe", — tends to seek the public's opinion on various questions and debates, and invites conversation on current events and controversies. It also gives a platform to those who have suffered grievances or distressing events, and wish to raise awareness of them on the national airwaves. According to "The New York Times", it is Ireland's "most popular radio call-in program". According to the "Irish Independent", "[Joe Duffy's] greeting at 1.45pm every weekday—"Hello, good afternoon and you're very welcome to Liveline"—is the signal for 400,000 listeners to sit back and await some lively debate or the exposure of a scam or a social scandal".
From its initial launch in 1985, "Liveline" was presented and produced by Marian Finucane and Doireann Ní Bhriain, but was taken over in 1999 by Joe Duffy. During his absence, the role of presenter was typically filled by RTÉ presenters Katie Hannon, Philip Boucher-Hayes, or Damien O'Reilly; or prior to his death, Derek Davis. Sporadically, "Liveline" airs "Funny Fridays", a comedic departure from the usual programme, which tend to be broadcast from various hotels around Ireland, and before an audience. On "Funny Friday", Joe Duffy was joined by a series of comedians who tell jokes, and perform humorous songs. Regular contributing comedians include Brush Shiels and Brendan "Doc" Savage.
As an example of typical programming, in early August of 2007, "Liveline" ran a series of programmes focusing on the problems experienced by those who holiday abroad, regaling listeners with stories of the dangers of foreign resorts, and the corruption of Turkish and other local police authorities, and warnings of grasping and inhospitable hotel managements. Equally, the poor behaviour of young Irish holiday makers was also highlighted. Callers also aired their grievances over topics such as bikini-wearing models.
In September of 2009, the screenwriter Frank Deasy appeared on "Liveline" several days before his death from liver cancer to discuss organ donor awareness. A record of at least 5,500 people soon applied to become holders of organ donor cards, 2,000 immediately afterwards and a further 3,500 the following day. By comparison, a similar request on "The Late Late Show" in 2007 yielded only 1,000 more donor applicants. Mark Murphy, CEO of the Irish Kidney Association, put it down to "the power of Joe Duffy".
On 8 May 2025, Joe Duffy announced that he would be retiring from RTÉ after 37 years with his final Liveline show on 27 June 2025. The final show featured entertainers such as Paul Harrington and June Rodgers a tribute from Taoiseach Micheál Martin by phone and a letter from President Michael D. Higgins.
Controversies.
Michael McDowell interference.
Joe Duffy thought about resigning from RTÉ in 2007 after the broadcaster forced him to give Justice Minister Michael McDowell a platform on "Liveline" to make a "party political broadcast". Duffy considered it "direct party-political interference" in "Liveline".
Gay adoption debate.
Whilst presenting "Liveline" as a stand-in host for regular presenter Joe Duffy in February 2007, Evelyn O'Rourke found herself playing host to a debate on gay adoption. The debate featured heated discussions with journalist Hermann Kelly following the publication of an article he wrote in the "Irish Mail on Sunday" in which he criticised the notion of gays and lesbians adopting children. Kelly criticised the foster father Colm O'Gorman, the director of the charity "One in Four", and a prospective election candidate for the Progressive Democrats in Wexford. Following the debate a number of complaints were aired by listeners centring on the conduct of O'Rourke and alleging that she had cut Kelly off, had interrupted him on occasions, and had left him to defend his stance alone against several hostile callers. A Mary Moriarty, amongst five listeners to complain about the debate, told the Broadcasting Complaints Commission (BCC) that callers had made slanderous remarks on Kelly several times and had not been asked for an apology or retraction of their statements. O'Rourke unwittingly and accidentally revealed her support for gay adoption by referring to the pro-gay adoption callers as "we" when discussing the matter. The BCC decided that the show had not been impartial and that O'Rourke's quick questioning of Kelly had been "unfair". Journalist Eoin McMahon expressed his disgust in the "Sunday Independent": If a journalist or pro-homosexual activist writes an article promoting homosexual rights, three guesses whether "Liveline" would devote an entire programme rubbishing the article, with the presenter coaxing and cajoling irate callers to put the boot in. The silenced majority: they haven't gone away you know.
Slanderous airings.
Transport minister Martin Cullen and his former PR adviser, Monica Leech, sought compensation in 2005 for damage to their reputation after a caller to "Liveline" made lewd suggestions about them live on air.
2008 financial crisis / bank running / government outrage controversy.
"Liveline" has been censured by the government for host Joe Duffy's repeated attempts to continually discuss the effects of the 2008 financial crisis on Ireland. This followed on from the outrage caused when Duffy was held responsible by Finance Minister, Brian Lenihan for inciting widespread public fear that Irish citizens were on the verge of losing their savings. During the 2008 financial crisis, several callers freely spoke of their lack of confidence in the banking system, of how they had withdrawn their money from banks, some of which were identified, and were either carrying it around on their person, or considering keeping it "under the mattress", or burying it in their garden. Duffy inflamed the situation further by asking a woman what it felt like carrying over €70,000 "down the street", and a man how he would feel carrying his savings with him "on the bus" before opining that the banks would not be believed if they stated the system was working as normal. Lenihan personally rang Cathal Goan, then the Director-General of RTÉ, on 18 September 2008 (the date of the show) to express his outrage at the sudden increase in potentially disastrous speculation following the show.
Duffy and his "Liveline" production team were rebuked by RTÉ's management. A senior figure in Irish banking called the show "absolutely its single most destructive broadcast ever". RTÉ publicly defended Duffy and "Liveline" but behind the scenes was said to be deeply embarrassed, even permitting the Sunday newspapers to "castigate" "Liveline". Duffy wished to return to the issue the following day, having prepared and even broadcast a promotional piece, but was firmly ruled over by management who decided otherwise, "the damage having already been done". The extent of the Finance Minister's concern first publicly emerged the following morning when he was interviewed by RTÉ's economics editor George Lee. In that interview, Lenihan insisted that deposits were not in any danger and said that people should not be going to banks to shift their deposit accounts "on the basis of unfounded allegations made on radio programmes".
Gender bias.
One councillor voiced her outrage in October 2008 that an upcoming All-Island Public Consultation conference would feature 17 male speakers. No women were in the conference's line-up.
2022 broadcasts on transgender issues.
In June 2022, several consecutive episodes of "Liveline" were broadcast which focused on the discussion of transgender issues. The broadcasts were subsequently criticised by LGBTQ+ activists and others, with Ailbhe Smyth accusing the programme of enabling "hate speech", and RTE receiving nine formal complaints. After the episodes were aired, Dublin Pride announced that they would be terminating their media partnership with RTÉ, with a statement from the group saying they were "angered and disappointed" by the discussions held on the broadcasts, and criticising "anti-trans rhetoric" on the programme.

</doc>
<doc id="6943347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943347" title="Gabro">
Gabro



</doc>
<doc id="6943352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943352" title="William Lee (bishop, born 1941)">
William Lee (bishop, born 1941)

William Lee (2 December 1941 – 5 January 2024) was an Irish Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Waterford and Lismore between 1993 and 2013.
Early life and education.
William Lee was born in Newport, County Tipperary on 2 December 1941, the eldest of five children to John and Delia Lee. He attended primary school at the Convent of Mercy Boys' National School and secondary school at Rockwell College.
Lee studied for the priesthood at St Patrick's College, Maynooth. He was subsequently ordained a priest for the Archdiocese of Cashel-Emly on 19 June 1966.
Presbyteral ministry.
Following ordination, Lee returned to St Patrick's College, Maynooth, where he completed a doctorate in canon law in 1969. He subsequently received his first pastoral assignment, as curate in Finglas West parish, Dublin, before moving to Rome in 1971 to complete further studies in canon law at the Pontifical Gregorian University.
Lee returned to Ireland in 1972, where he was appointed professor of philosophy and bursar at St Patrick's College, Thurles, and subsequently as its president between 1987 and 1993. He also served as director of the Catholic Marriage Advisory Council (later Accord) for the Archdiocese of Cashel-Emly, and subsequently on the Cork Regional Marriage Tribunal.
Episcopal ministry.
Lee was appointed Bishop-elect of Waterford and Lismore by Pope John Paul II on 27 May 1993. He was consecrated on 25 July by his predecessor, Michael Russell, in the Cathedral of the Most Holy Trinity, Waterford.
Lee was appointed episcopal secretary of the Irish Catholic Bishops' Conference in 1998. He also served on the Commission for Clergy, Seminaries and Vocations, the Commission for the Laity and the Bishops' Department of Planning and Communications of the Irish Catholic Bishops' Conference, as well as President of Accord.
Following the establishment of a website providing information and assistance to people who wished to formally defect from the Catholic Church in the aftermath of the publication of the final report of the Commission to Inquire into Child Abuse on 20 May 2009, Lee told the "Irish Examiner" on 16 July that there were no records of defections from his diocese, and that he wasn’t aware of any defections personally.
Following his participation in a meeting between Irish bishops, Pope Benedict XVI and senior members of the Roman Curia from 15 to 16 February 2010 to discuss the publication of the Ryan and Murphy reports in 2009, Lee told "The Munster Express" that Pope Benedict XVI had described child sexual abuse as "a heinous crime and a grave sin that offended God".
It was reported on 25 March 2010 that he had waited two years in the 1990s before informing Gardaí about complaints made by two people in connection to allegations of child abuse by a priest in the Diocese of Waterford and Lismore. In a statement, Lee apologised for mishandling the allegations, but did not give any further explanation as to why he had taken so long to report the matter.
Retirement and death.
It was announced on 1 October 2013 that Lee had tendered his episcopal resignation on medical grounds to Pope Francis some weeks previously, and that it had been accepted with immediate effect.
Lee died on the morning of 5 January 2024 in Dungarvan Community Hospital, County Waterford, aged 82.
His funeral Mass took place on 9 January in the Cathedral of the Most Holy Trinity, Waterford, with burial afterwards in the cathedral grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="6943357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943357" title="WxHaskell">
WxHaskell

wxHaskell is a portable and native graphical user interface (GUI) library for the programming language Haskell, built on wxWidgets. It is often used by those wanting to develop a graphical user interface (GUI) with a functional programming language.
Applications.
High-level GUI libraries built on it.
wxHaskell is a middle-level GUI library. Several experimental high-level GUI library approaches are implemented on wxHaskell:
In contrast, the high-level GUI libraries FG and Grapefruit are implemented on the middle-level Gtk2Hs, which is based on GTK2.
All of these high-level libraries are experimental, using advanced mathematics concepts in their approach ("see Arrow (computer science)").

</doc>
<doc id="6943358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943358" title="New Holland frog">
New Holland frog

The New Holland frog (Ranoidea novaehollandiae), also known as wide-mouthed frog, is a large species of burrowing frog native to northern New South Wales and the eastern portion of Queensland, Australia.
Description.
The New Holland frog is a large species, reaching a maximum size of 100 mm. It is normally pale grey, brown, or yellowish, occasionally with darker blotches. The belly is white and the throat is speckled. A dark stripe runs from the snout, through the Tympanum, and down to the shoulder. Normally, a dark band runs from under the eye down to the mouth. The thighs are bluish in colour. The toes are slightly webbed.
Ecology and behaviour.
This species is associated with black-soil plains and flood plains near rivers. They inhabit dams, ditches, and claypans in woodland and grassland. Being a burrowing species, they spend extended periods underground to survive dry conditions. After heavy rains fall during spring, summer, and early autumn, frogs become very active and males make a deep "waah" call from in or beside water.
Up to 1000 eggs per clump are laid in a nonfoamy masses in shallow water. These clumps are initially floating, but later sink. An average of 4906 eggs are laid. Tadpoles are large, reaching 95–100 mm and are rotund and golden brown. Tadpoles' lifespan is 4 to 6 weeks and metamorphs measure 35–40 mm. They resemble the adults, although they may be bright green in colour.

</doc>
<doc id="6943361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943361" title="William John Matheson">
William John Matheson

William John Matheson (1856–1930) was an American industrialist. Born in Wisconsin, he was educated in Scotland where he learned about recent breakthroughs in the development of aniline dyes. Matheson became an early importer and distributor of such dyes from Germany.
He founded the National Aniline and Chemical Company, which merged with four other companies to become the Allied Chemical and Dye Corporation. Matheson's estate on Long Island, Fort Hill, was well known. He also had an estate in Coconut Grove, Florida, and created a coconut plantation on the northern two-thirds of Key Biscayne, an area now occupied by Miami-Dade County's Crandon Park and the Village of Key Biscayne. William's older son, Hugh Merrill Matheson, was an early student at Ransom School and William donated a building to the school; the Matheson Infirmary.
In 1930, William donated 80 acres to the county which was named Matheson Hammock Park. In 1940 his children donated 808 acres, the entire north end of Key Biscayne, to the county as Crandon Park and additional acreage on the other side of the bay to Matheson Hammock Park. 

</doc>
<doc id="6943364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943364" title="1831 conclave">
1831 conclave



</doc>
<doc id="6943366" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943366" title="Itamar Ben Canaan">
Itamar Ben Canaan



</doc>
<doc id="6943368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943368" title="Høstfest">
Høstfest



</doc>
<doc id="6943369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943369" title="Scott Evans (badminton)">
Scott Evans (badminton)

Scott Evans (born 26 September 1987 in Dublin) is a former Irish professional badminton player. As of 2017 he was the highest ranked Irish player.
Evans has represented Ireland at the 2008, 2012, and 2016 Olympic Games. He became the first Irishman to win a badminton match at the Olympic during his last participation in 2016. He won the men's singles Irish National Badminton Championships eight consecutive times from 2005 to 2012, becoming the only player to equal James 'Chick' Doyle's record of eight consecutive Irish Men's singles titles.
He attended Wesley College Dublin. In his youth Evans played for Irish association football club Leicester Celtic A.F.C.
Career.
Evans has played two-time Olympic gold medalist China's Lin Dan and world No. 1 Malaysia's Lee Chong Wei 3 times each. At the 2011 BWF World Championships, Evans met the second seed and eventual champion Lin Dan in the second round and came out with a 15–21, 16–21 loss. Nearly one year later at the 2012 London Olympics, Evans again met the eventual winner Lin Dan of China in the first round and was defeated 8–21, 14–21. At the 2013 BWF World Championships, Evans lost to top seed and eventual silver medalist Lee Chong Wei of Malaysia in the first round with a score of 14–21, 15–21. Evans moved to Denmark at the age of 16 to pursue his professional career joining Danish club Greve. After 1 season at Greve Evans moved to Gentofte Badminton club where he spent the next 11 years playing for the clubs first team. In 2017 he moved to TSS and played there for 2 years losing in the final of the Danish league both Years. After retiring from badminton Evans returned to Gentofte badminton club to act as head coach for the club for the next 2 years. He is current assistant head coach in Solrod Badminton Club.
2016 Summer Olympics.
Evans qualified for the 2016 Summer Olympics in the men's singles category. In the group stage, he was put with Germany's Marc Zwiebler and host Brazil's Ygor Coelho de Oliveira. He became the first Irishman to win a badminton game at an Olympics as he beat Zwiebler 9–21, 21–17, 21–7. Evans then won the second match against Ygor Coelho de Oliveira 21–8, 19–21, 21–8. The result means Evans would be qualified for the Round of 16, which he would then face Denmark's Viktor Axelsen. Evans lost to Axelsen 16–21, 12–21 in the round of 16. Evans finished Rio olympic games in 9th position confirming the best ever result in an olympic games for Irish Badminton.
Highlights.
Hosbjerg
Evans is Co owner with his wife at Danish ladies fashion brand Hosbjerg. They started the company together in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="6943370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943370" title="1830-1831 papal conclave">
1830-1831 papal conclave



</doc>
<doc id="6943373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943373" title="Tyrone Senior Football Championship">
Tyrone Senior Football Championship

The Tyrone Senior Football Championship (known for sponsorship reasons as the "Connollys of Moy" "Tyrone Senior Football Championship") is an annual Gaelic football competition contested by top-tier Tyrone GAA clubs. The Tyrone County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association has organised it since 1904.
In 2022, the "Irish Independent" said of the Tyrone SFC: "Tyrone can rightly lay claim to the most competitive senior football championship of them all just by the range of different winners it has produced over the last decade".
Errigal Ciarán are the title holders (2024), having defeated Trillick St. Macartan's in the final.
History.
To date, over 20 different clubs have won the Tyrone Senior Football Championship, though some of these no longer exist (including Washingbay Shamrocks, Cookstown Brian Óg, Fintona Davitts and Strabane Fág-a-Bealach).
The first tournament took place in the 1904–1905 season, which Coalisland Na Fianna won by defeating Strabane Lámh Dhearg in the final.
No competition was held in the 1906–1907, 1909–1913, 1914–1916, 1918–1919, or 1920–1923 seasons, nor in 1932. The 1939 competition was left unfinished.
An Charraig Mhór is the club that has won the competition the most times (15), their last in 2005. Dungannon has the second highest number of wins (11), with Coalisland in third place (10).
The 2024 Final was originally scheduled to be played on Sunday 20th October but was postponed due to Storm Ashley.
Format.
The 16 clubs in Division 1 of the All-County Football League in Tyrone compete on a straight knockout basis. Between 1999 and 2007, the competition was played for by 24 clubs. Reserve Football Championships are also played in the county at adult level for club's second teams.
Honours.
The trophy presented to the winners is the O'Neill Cup. The O'Neill Cup was received by the County Board in December 1926 at a cost of £20.4.0. The Cup was first played for in the 1927 season in which Donaghmore Éire Óg became the first winners.
The winners qualify to represent Tyrone in the Ulster Senior Club Football Championship. Errigal Ciarán is the only club from Tyrone to win the Ulster Club championship, which has happened three times (1993, 2002 and 2024). 
The winners of Ulster go on to play in the All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship. Errigal Ciaran became the first Tyrone team to reach an All-Ireland Senior Club Football Final when they beat Dr. Crokes (Kerry) in the 2025 All-Ireland Semi-Final. They were then beaten by Cuala (Dublin) 3-14 to 1-16 in the Final played at Croke Park.
List of finals.
(r) = replay (aet) = after extra time
† "2020: Dungannon won 8–7 on penalties, after extra time".
Top Scorer.
The contest for Top Scorer in the Senior Championship goes back to 1981 when it 
was sponsored by 'On The Spot Trophies', on the initiative of the late Plunkett McCusker.
In 1992 three times winner Tommy Fiddis became the permanent holder of the 'On the Spot' Top Scorer Trophy. 
Subsequently in 1993 a new sponsor was recruited by the County Board - Forbes Kitchens of Ardboe.
The trophy is presented by Patsy Forbes each year on County Final day to that season's Senior Championship Top Scorer.
Peter Canavan has won the trophy a record 5 times - 1994, 1995, 2000, 2002 and 2006.
There have been joint winners in 3 different seasons - 1985, 1999 and 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="6943374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943374" title="1830-1831 Papal conclave">
1830-1831 Papal conclave



</doc>
<doc id="6943377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943377" title="Hostfest">
Hostfest



</doc>
<doc id="6943378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943378" title="Love and Kisses (TV series)">
Love and Kisses (TV series)

Love and Kisses was a black-and-white British sitcom that aired on ITV in 1955. It was written by Glenn Melvyn, who also starred in it. It was made for the ITV network by Associated-Rediffusion and was a spin-off series from the film "The Love Match" (1955) which was also written by and starred Glenn Melvyn.
Plot.
Bill Brown is a former engine driver who is now a landlord. His wife is Sal and he has two children, Rose and Percy. His regulars are Alf Hall, a milkman, and Wally Binns, who has a stammer.
Askey himself appears at the beginning and end of each episode.
Episodes.
The last two episodes are still missing from ITV's archive, but the other three remain intact, despite the age of the show (most shows from ITV's older rival, the BBC, from this era are lost and likely always will be).
Composite edition.
The whole series was cut down for one 2 hour programme, and screened in the North of England on 23 December 1956 by ABC.

</doc>
<doc id="6943383" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943383" title="Hasarius adansoni">
Hasarius adansoni

Hasarius adansoni, known commonly as Adanson's house jumper, is a species of jumping spider that is common in warm regions around the world, often associated with people.
Distribution.
"H. adansoni" is found in warmer climates around the world, for example Malta, India, Japan, Brazil, Taiwan, Tanzania, and Australia. It has also been introduced worldwide in greenhouses and similar places, for example in several German zoos. In China it is distributed in the provinces of Gansu, Guangxi, Guangdong and Yunnan.
Description.
Females grow up to 8 millimeters in length, males up to 6 millimeters.
The males are mostly black, with a red "mask" and pedipalps that are partly white. A white crescent is present on the back part of the abdomen, and another one on the front part of the opisthosoma. There are two small white dots on the posterior back, and two even smaller ones towards the end. These white areas - especially on the pedipalps - have a nacre-like iridescence.
Females are dark brown, with a lighter and somewhat rufous opisthosoma.
Behavior.
These spiders build a silken retreat at night, which is about twice the length of the animal. Although the same retreat is sometimes reused, others are built in the vicinity.
Males have been seen to feed on immature females, although this may be by accident.
Nomenclature.
This species was originally described as "Attus adansonii" by Audouin in 1826, then redescribed in officially recognised literature another 86 times by 2012, often being placed in other genera. The first placement into "Hasarius" was made by the French arachnologist Eugène Simon in 1871.
The species is named after the French naturalist Michel Adanson.

</doc>
<doc id="6943388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943388" title="October 1978 Papal conclave">
October 1978 Papal conclave



</doc>
<doc id="6943389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943389" title="Tariku Bekele">
Tariku Bekele

Tariku Bekele Beyecha (Amharic: ታሪኩ በቀለ; born 28 February 1987) is an Ethiopian professional long-distance runner, who specializes in the 5,000 metres and has moved up to 10.000 metres as well. He is the younger brother of Kenenisa Bekele, who is also an accomplished long-distance runner and a former world record holder in both the 5,000 metres and 10,000 metres. Tariku is the fourth fastest Ethiopian ever over 5,000 m and 3,000 metres. His indoor 3,000 m best of 7:31.09 ranks him as the ninth fastest of all-time in the event. He was the 10,000 m bronze medallist at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
His first major victory came at the 2008 IAAF World Indoor Championships, where he won the 3,000 m gold medal. He was the 2006 World Junior Champion over the distance and also won a cross country junior bronze medal that year. He took a continental silver medal at the 2007 All-Africa Games. Tariku has finished in the top eight of 5,000 m finals at the 2008 Summer Olympics and at the World Championships in Athletics in 2005 and 2007.
Running career.
Following the footsteps of his older brother, he first had success at the younger levels of the sport. He won the 3000 m silver medal behind Augustine Choge at the 2003 World Youth Championships in Athletics and stepped up a distance to take the bronze medal over 5000 m at the 2004 World Junior Championships a year later. He beat Paul Tergat in the 2004 Oeiras International Cross Country meeting.
He made his senior global debut at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics and finished in seventh place in the 5000 m, just ahead of his more experienced compatriot Dejene Berhanu. He ran the 3000 m at the 2006 IAAF World Indoor Championships, finishing in sixth place. Building upon his successes on the track, he was third in the junior race at the 2006 IAAF World Cross Country Championships (while his brother Kenenisa won both senior races).
Tariku became the 5000 m junior champion at the 2006 World Junior Championships and was fourth over the distance at the 2006 IAAF World Athletics Final. He took the 3000 m gold at the World Final, however, having also run the third fastest 3000 m time of the season (7:29.11) in a second-place performance behind Isaac Kiprono Songok at the Rieti Meeting.
His main focus of the 2007 season was on the 5000 m and he won the silver medal at the 2007 All-Africa Games before going on to take fifth place at the 2007 World Championships over the distance – the best performance by an Ethiopian at the competition. He ascended to the top of his event at the 2008 IAAF World Indoor Championships by winning the indoor 3000 m title at the age of 21 – succeeding his brother as the champion in the event. He made his Olympic debut at the 2008 Beijing Games and was sixth over 5000 m. Among other competitions, he competed at the 2008 IAAF World Athletics Final that year, also finishing in sixth.
He attempted to defend his world title at the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships, but it was not to be and he finished in fourth place as Bernard Lagat succeeded him as the 3000 m champion. In the inaugural 2010 IAAF Diamond League series he took two major wins at the Prefontaine Classic and the Weltklasse Zurich meets. He set a world-leading time in the 3000 m at the 2010 Rieti IAAF Grand Prix, running 7:28.70 to finish .30 seconds ahead of Bernard Lagat (who set an American record). The 2010 IAAF Continental Cup presented another opportunity as he was selected to represent Africa over 3000 m. Just as had happened indoors, he was fourth and out of the medals while Lagat took the honours. Tariku took to the roads at the end of the track season, competing at the 10-mile Dam tot Damloop race, but he could only manage sixth place with a time of 46:44. He then ran at the Memorial Peppe Greco and finished as runner-up, beaten to the line by a second by defending champion Edwin Soi.
In 2011 he competed on the 2011 IAAF Diamond League circuit, coming third over 5000 m at the Adidas Grand Prix and fourth over two miles at the Prefontaine Classic. His season's best run of 12:55.47 minutes came at the Herculis meeting in Monaco. He was selected as a back-up runner for the Ethiopian team at the 2011 World Championships, but did not compete. He ended the year with a win at the Saint Silvester Road Race, becoming only the second Ethiopian to win the race after Tesfaye Jifar.
He guaranteed his selection for the 2012 London Olympics with a 10,000 m win at the FBK Games in May 2012 and a personal best run of 27:03.24 minutes to finish second to his brother Kenenisa at the United Kingdom trials. At the Olympic 10,000 m final Tariku finished ahead of his brother to edge into the bronze medal spot and finish as Africa's top performer in the event – it was his first major outdoor medal on the global stage. After the Olympics he competed in a number of road races. He won the Giro di Castelbuono 10K, placed third at the Great South Run and recorded a time of 62:59 minutes in his half marathon debut in Lisbon. He again closed the year with a New Year race win, this time with a personal best run of 28:29 minutes at the San Silvestre Vallecana 10K.

</doc>
<doc id="6943390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943390" title="Witlof">
Witlof



</doc>
<doc id="6943391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943391" title="Richard Bracewell">
Richard Bracewell

Richard Bracewell (born 28 November 1969) is an English film director best known for directing 2015 British comedy feature film "Bill", which he also developed with writers Laurence Rickard and Ben Willbond
. "Bill" was Bracewell's third feature film following "The Gigolos" and "Cuckoo".
All three films were produced by UK feature film production company Punk Cinema, which Bracewell set up in 2004 with co-producer and brother Tony Bracewell.
Early life and career.
Bracewell was born in London and was educated at Aylesbury Grammar School and New College, Oxford where he directed, co-wrote and performed in the Oxford Revue in 1991.
Initially Bracewell made short films with writers such as David Wolstencroft and performers such as Al Murray and directed UK TV comedy including some of Ali G's external segments for "The 11 O'Clock Show". Before directing feature films, he also worked as a cinema usher at the Clapham Picture House in London.
"The Gigolos".
Bracewell's debut movie "The Gigolos" (2007) stars Susannah York, Anna Massey and Siân Phillips alongside newcomers Sacha Tarter and Trevor Sather. Bracewell wrote the film with Tarter and Sather, and directed and produced the film in London (UK) in 2005. He was also cinematographer on the film. "The Gigolos" had a limited film release by Punk Cinema on 23 March 2007. The British Film Institute released "The Gigolos" on DVD in the UK on 9 February 2009. First shown in competition at the American Film Institute Los Angeles International Film Festival (AFI FEST) in November 2005, Bracewell attended as one of the New Faces in European Cinema. The film was favourably reviewed by the "Los Angeles Times"as "a subtly delightful film".
On its UK release, reviews appeared in major UK newspapers. Sukhdev Sandhu of "The Daily Telegraph" said that Bracewell "evokes with poetic clarity the loneliness of late-night London." Ian Johns in "The Times" wrote that "intimate camerawork and scenes moodily capture half-revealed lives". Larushka Ivan-Zadeh in "Metro" told readers to "seek out this cliché-confounding, utterly intriguing debut Brit flick", adding that this "The Gigolos" is a "real rough gem". Mike McCahill wrote in "The Sunday Telegraph" that this is "a disarming debut...that subverts your every expectation with each new scene."
In 2010, the "Daily Telegraph" listed "The Gigolos" as "the most underrated film of all time".
"Cuckoo".
"Cuckoo" was Bracewell's second feature, starring Richard E. Grant, Laura Fraser and Tamsin Greig. The film was shot in December 2007 and January 2008 in London and Norwich, and in a studio built in a disused grain warehouse in Yarmouth. "Cuckoo" is a thriller about sound and lies. It co-stars Antonia Bernath and Adam F. Bracewell wrote and directed the film, and produced with Tony Bracewell.
"Cuckoo" was premiered in September 2009 at the Cambridge Film Festival, where Clive James called the film "masterly and thrilling", and was released in UK cinemas by Verve Pictures in December 2010.
On UK cinema release David Edwards wrote in a four-star "Daily Mirror" review, that the film was "an unsettling, unconventional ... quite unlike anything our film industry is pumping out these days", adding that "Fraser is superb as a woman who just might be on the verge of a nervous breakdown".
"Bill".
In 2010 Bracewell met actors and writers Laurence Rickard and Ben Willbond after his daughter showed him sketches from the award-winning CBBC programme "Horrible Histories". Bracewell had directed Willbond previously in "The Gigolos". Together, Bracewell, Rickard and Willbond devised an original idea for a comedy about the origins of William Shakespeare, based around the years between 1585 and 1592 known as Shakespeare's "lost years". Subsequently, in 2011 BBC Films commissioned Punk Cinema to develop a screenplay for "Bill" based on the idea.
BBC Films announced "Bill" on 13 May 2013, as a co-production with fellow UK production companies Punk Cinema and Cowboy Films. Head of BBC Films Christine Langan said that "we’re thrilled [to be] making the first film starring this team of incredibly talented and popular British comedy writers and performers." In November of the same year ScreenDaily.com reported that the BFI (British Film Institute) Film Fund had invested £1 million in the production, with further undisclosed amounts coming from BBC Films, LipSync and Screen Yorkshire, through its Yorkshire Content Fund.
Bracewell directed "Bill" and produced with Tony Bracewell, Charles Steel and Aly Flind. Principal filming began on 10 February 2014 at locations around Yorkshire, including York Minster, Skipton Castle, Marske-by-the-Sea, Bolton Castle and Selby Abbey. Other filming locations included Stowe School, Caroline Gardens Chapel in Peckham, London, and Weald and Downland Open Air Museum in West Sussex. The closing scenes were filmed at Shakespeare's Globe, a modern recreation of the theatre where many of Shakespeare's plays were first performed.
"Bill" was released in UK cinemas on 18 September 2015 by Vertigo Films and on DVD and digital download in the UK by NBCUniversal on 15 February 2016. "Bill" has also been released in cinemas in the United States and Australia.
The film received many positive press reviews and currently scores 94% on Rotten Tomatoes Nigel Andrews wrote in the Financial Times that "This is a comedy. And a puckish, inventive, funny one." In his review in The Guardian, Peter Bradshaw wrote: "Big laughs... There are hints of the "Carry Ons", "Blackadder" and especially "Python", with one gag that must surely be a specific homage to "Holy Grail".
In an interview with Den of Geek for the DVD release in February 2016, Bracewell talked about the development, production and release of "Bill": "It generated a huge amount of loyalty and warmth. Chris Addison was nothing to do with the production, and he's tweeted about it several times. Paddy Considine did too. Even James Corden all the way over in LA! We get nothing but terrific feedback from fans on Twitter and Facebook. And not just in the UK, but in Australia and from other territories really keen to see it. We didn't do a red carpet, we just did a friends and family screening on the eve of its release. I even bought drinks at my own premiere! It's generated warmth but I think – are we allowed to say things like it's a peculiarly British film? It feels different? It's a little bit quirky? It's got an intentional DIY feel to it? It's meant to be like that. I think maybe that's something people have picked up on. Superhero films aren't so much our cultural history, but we do that kind of comedy really well. I hope that what we've done is something that's wearing its learning on its sleeve. We do know there's a bit of "Python" in it, we do know there's a bit of "Blackadder", but so what? There's "Star Wars" in there too, because we love those movies."
In 2016, Bracewell was nominated with Rickard and Willbond for the Award for Comedy at the Evening Standard British Film Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="6943393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943393" title="Renata Chlumska">
Renata Chlumska

Renata Chlumska (born 9 December 1973 in Malmö, Sweden) is an adventurer and mountain climber. Born to Czech parents, she has both Swedish and Czech citizenship.
On 5 May 1999, she became the first Swedish and Czech woman to climb Mount Everest.
During 2005 and 2006 she performed a challenge called "Around America Adventure" in the lower 48 states of the United States. She paddled a kayak from Seattle to San Diego, bicycled with the kayak on a carriage from San Diego to Brownsville, Texas, continued kayaking around Florida to Eastport, Maine, and then bicycled back to Seattle. She became the first person to circumnavigate 32 states by bicycle and kayak.
She was engaged to Göran Kropp when he died in a climbing accident.

</doc>
<doc id="6943394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943394" title="October 1978 papal conclave">
October 1978 papal conclave



</doc>
<doc id="6943396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943396" title="August 1978 Papal conclave">
August 1978 Papal conclave



</doc>
<doc id="6943399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943399" title="Canna liliiflora">
Canna liliiflora

Canna liliiflora is a species of herb in the family Cannaceae. It is native of Peru and Bolivia.
Description.
Herb up to 3 m with stout, erect stems. Leaves large, oblong, acuminate. Flowers 10–13 cm. (4-5") long, honeysuckle-scented, borne in a short, terminal raceme; perianth tubular, the three outer petaloid lobes linear-oblong, convolute, reflexed, tinged green, the three inner ones straight and extended, recurved at end, white, tinted yellowish-green.
Cultivation.
The species prefers light (sandy), medium (loamy) and heavy (clay) soils and requires well-drained soil. The preferred soil is acid, neutral and basic (alkaline). It cannot grow in the shade and requires moist soil. It is hardy to zone 10 and is frost tender. In the north latitudes it is in flower from August to October, and the seeds ripen in October.

</doc>
<doc id="6943401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943401" title="August 1978 papal conclave">
August 1978 papal conclave



</doc>
<doc id="6943402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943402" title="Spastic Diplegia">
Spastic Diplegia



</doc>
<doc id="6943404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943404" title="Carboxybenzyl">
Carboxybenzyl



</doc>
<doc id="6943406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943406" title="Tiger Scout (Korea Scout Association)">
Tiger Scout (Korea Scout Association)

The Tiger Scout (Korean: 범스카우트) is the highest rank and award a Scout or Venture Scout can achieve in the Korea Scout Association.
The "Tiger Scout Association of Korea" is the organization of the members who have achieved the Tiger Scout award.

</doc>
<doc id="6943407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943407" title="Pas słucki">
Pas słucki



</doc>
<doc id="6943415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943415" title="TGV Cinemas">
TGV Cinemas

TGV Cinemas Sdn Bhd (also known as TGV Pictures, formerly known as Tanjong Golden Village) is the second largest cinema chain in Malaysia. As of May 2024, TGV Cinemas has 40 multiplexes with 325 screens and more than 53,000 seats. TGV Cinemas is headquartered at the Maxis Tower in Kuala Lumpur.
History.
Orange Sky Golden Harvest, a cinema operator based in Hong Kong was instrumental in the formation of Tanjong Golden Village, a joint venture with Tanjong of Malaysia and Village Roadshow of Australia. Tanjong bought out the remaining stakes for full ownership. The first TGV cinema in Malaysia opened in 1995 at Bukit Raja Shopping Centre. In 2005, more than 30 cinemas were opened throughout Malaysia. By 2025, TGV Cinemas operates 328 screens in 40 locations throughout Malaysia. The first English movie shown was King Kong, and the second Tamil movie was Anniyan. In 2013, TGV started distributing movies theatrically as TGV Pictures.
TGV Pictures is an independent movie distributor, mostly distributes English, Malay and Indonesian movies. They have also previously released some Asian movies from Japan, Korea, China and Thailand alongside Encore Films, and Starting from 2024 also Released Asian Films Joint Venture New Partnership alongside by Vietnamese Based Mockingbird Pictures.

</doc>
<doc id="6943419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943419" title="New Metroland, Gateshead">
New Metroland, Gateshead



</doc>
<doc id="6943424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943424" title="Anna Söderberg">
Anna Söderberg

Anna Söderberg (born 11 June 1973) is a Swedish former discus thrower. Her personal best throw of 64.54 metres, achieved in July 1999 in Aremark, is the Swedish record for the event. She has represented her country at the Olympic Games on three occasions – in 2000, 2004 and 2008. She has also competed at the World Championships in Athletics, taking part in every edition from 1997 to 2009 with the sole exception of the 2001 World Championships.
Söderberg competed for the Northern Arizona Lumberjacks track and field team, where she won the program's first NCAA DI individual title in any track event.
At European level, she has taken part in the quadrennial European Athletics Championships three times; her best performance at the competition is eleventh place, which she achieved in both 2006 and 2010. Söderberg has been ever-present on the national scene and won every discus contest at the Swedish Athletics Championships from 1993 to 2010 – an unrivalled streak of eighteen straight victories. She has a similar pedigree at the Finland-Sweden athletics international and she won her 17th discus title at the competition in 2010. She opted to have shoulder surgery at the end of the year in order to resolve an ongoing complaint.

</doc>
<doc id="6943425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943425" title="Wanaque Borough Schools">
Wanaque Borough Schools

The Wanaque Borough Schools is a community public school district that serves students in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade from Wanaque, in Passaic County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey.
As of the 2021–22 school year, the district, comprising two schools, had an enrollment of 861 students and 92.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 9.4:1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "DE", the fifth-highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
Students in public school for ninth through twelfth grades attend Lakeland Regional High School, which serves students from the Boroughs of Ringwood and Wanaque. The high school is located in Wanaque and is part of the Lakeland Regional High School District. As of the 2021–22 school year, the high school had an enrollment of 902 students and 81.7 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 11.0:1.
Schools.
Schools in the district (with 2021–22 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:
Board of education.
The district's board of education, composed of nine members, sets policy and oversees the fiscal and educational operation of the district through its administration. As a Type II school district, the board's trustees are elected directly by voters to serve three-year terms of office on a staggered basis, with three seats up for election each year held (since 2012) as part of the November general election. The board appoints a superintendent to oversee the district's day-to-day operations and a business administrator to supervise the business functions of the district.

</doc>
<doc id="6943430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943430" title="Z group">
Z group



</doc>
<doc id="6943442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943442" title="Hun Hunahpu">
Hun Hunahpu

Hun Hunahpu "One Hunahpu" (pronounced ) is a figure of Late Postclassic Maya mythology whose name connects him to the XXth day of the day count, Hunahpu (corresponding to Classic "Ahau" "Lord"). His tale is part of the early-colonial "Popol Vuh" manuscript. According to this source, Hun Hunahpu is the father of the Maya Hero Twins, Hunahpu and Xbalanque. He is also the father of the twins' half-brothers, the patrons of artisans and writers, Hun-Chowen and Hun-Batz. Hun Hunahpu is paired with his brother, Vucub-Hunahpu "Seven Hunahpu". These two brothers of the generation preceding that of the hero twins were tricked into the Dark House by the lords of the Underworld (Xibalba) and sacrificed. Hun Hunahpu's head was suspended in a trophy tree and changed to a calabash. Its saliva (i.e., the juice of the calabash) impregnated Xquic, a daughter of one of the lords of Xibalba. She fled the Underworld and conceived the Twins. After defeating the Underworld lords, the twins recovered the remains of their father and their father's brother, but could not resuscitate them.
Hun Hunahpu and the Maize deity.
It has been argued that unlike the Quiché Maya of the Late Postclassic, the Maya of the Classical Period believed the paternal figure to have been reborn as the maize. In this theory, the Tonsured Maize God rising from a turtle carapace (the 'tomb' of the earth) is Hun Hunahpu resurrected, while the flanking Hero Twins are viewed as his sons rather than his coevals. Therefore, Hun Hunahpu is often referred to as a 'maize deity,' and the maize deity as 'First Father'. In support of the Maize Deity theory, reference is often made to a pottery scene showing a cacao tree with a maize (and also cacao) god head suspended in one of its branches, taking the place of one of the pods. This head is suggested to be the trophy head of Hun Hunahpu. Although the identification of Hun Hunahpu with the Classic Maya Maize Deity has become popular, objections remain. Thus, the hieroglyphic name of the Tonsured Maize God is different from the portrait glyph of (Hun-)Hunahpu, and the tree with the suspended trophy head is a personified cacao tree instead of a calabash tree. Such dissimilar fruits are unlikely to have had the same associations for the Maya.

</doc>
<doc id="6943443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943443" title="Bishop of Hereford">
Bishop of Hereford

The Bishop of Hereford is the ordinary of the Church of England Diocese of Hereford in the Province of Canterbury. Until 1534, the Diocese of Hereford was in full communion with the Roman Catholic Church and two of its bishops were canonised. During the English Reformation the bishops of England and Wales conformed to the independent Church of England under Henry VIII and Edward VI, but, under Mary I, they adhered to the Roman Catholic Church. Since the accession of Elizabeth I the diocese has again been part of the Church of England and Anglican Communion.
The episcopal see is centred in the City of Hereford where the bishop's seat ("cathedra") is in the Cathedral Church of Saint Mary and Saint Ethelbert. The diocese was founded for the minor sub-kingdom of the Magonsæte in 676. It now covers the whole of the county of Herefordshire, southern Shropshire and a few parishes in Worcestershire, Powys and Monmouthshire. The arms of the see are "gules, three leopard's faces reversed jessant-de-lys or", which were the personal arms of Bishop Thomas de Cantilupe (d.1282).
The current bishop is Richard Jackson. The bishop's residence is The Palace, Hereford.
List of bishops.
Note: The chronology prior to 1056 is partly conjectural.
Assistant bishops.
Among those who have served as assistant bishops of the diocese were:
Arms of Bishops of Hereford.
Knowledge of the coats of arms of Bishops of Hereford is necessary for the identification of the patrons or instigators of building works, manuscripts, stained glass windows and other art-works, which frequently bear heraldic imagery with no further identifying marks.
The following list of the blazons of the arms of the Bishops of Hereford (with his sources) was compiled by Rev. Francis T. Havergal (Vicar-Choral and Sub-Treasurer of Hereford Cathedral) in his "Fasti Herefordenses" of 1869; all arms before the start of the age of heraldry (c.1200-1215) are attributed arms, some, like de Vere, being the arms later adopted by his family:

</doc>
<doc id="6943452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943452" title="Petr Koukal (badminton)">
Petr Koukal (badminton)

Petr Koukal (; born 14 December 1985) is a Czech professional badminton player.
Biography.
Koukal started playing badminton in 1993, at a club owned by his father in Hořovice, and made his debut in the international tournament in 2000. In 2003 he was selected to join the national team, and at the same year, he won the mixed doubles title at the national championships partnered with Markéta Koudelková. Until 2016, he has collected 9 national titles, where 8 of them won in the men's singles event. Koukal first competed at the Summer Olympics in Beijing.
In 2010, Koukal was diagnosed with testicular cancer and underwent a successful therapy. He was awarded 2011 Fair Play Award, in Brno, Czech Republic. In July 2012, Czech Olympic Committee announced selection of Koukal for flag bearer of Czech team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, citing him as an example of sport role in recovery from a grave illness and of return to competition at top level.
In 2016, Petr Koukal was awarded as the secondary recipient of the Hanno R. Ellenbogen Citizenship Award for his commitment and help to men with testicular cancer through his foundation. In May 2016, Koukal married Czech biathlete Gabriela Soukalová ; they divorced in late 2020. He made his third appearance at the Summer Olympics through the Tripartite Commission Invitation.
Achievements.
BWF Grand Prix.
The BWF Grand Prix has two levels: Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It is a series of badminton tournaments, sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) since 2007.
"Men's Singles"
BWF International Challenge/Series.
"Men's Singles"
"Mixed Doubles"

</doc>
<doc id="6943454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943454" title="Carlos Valdez (footballer, born 1983)">
Carlos Valdez (footballer, born 1983)

Carlos Adrián Valdez Suárez (born 2 May 1983) is a Uruguayan football player who plays for Boston River.
Football career.
Valdez began his career with Club Nacional de Football before moving to clubs in Italy. He made his Serie A debut against Empoli F.C. on 23 October 2005. Recently he has signed a 6-month contract with Peñarol.
Valdez has made 17 appearances for the Uruguay national football team, and played in the Copa América 2007.
On July 27, 2010 he was reserved to play a friendly match against Angola in Lisbon .

</doc>
<doc id="6943458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943458" title="Carlos Adrián Valdez Suarez">
Carlos Adrián Valdez Suarez



</doc>
<doc id="6943459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943459" title="Carlos Adrian Valdez Suarez">
Carlos Adrian Valdez Suarez



</doc>
<doc id="6943461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943461" title="Stompem Ground Festival">
Stompem Ground Festival



</doc>
<doc id="6943462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943462" title="Carlos Adrian Valdez">
Carlos Adrian Valdez



</doc>
<doc id="6943463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943463" title="M453 mine">
M453 mine



</doc>
<doc id="6943464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943464" title="Black flying fox">
Black flying fox

The black flying fox or black fruit bat (Pteropus alecto) is a bat in the family Pteropodidae. It is among the largest bats in the world, but is considerably smaller than the largest species in its genus, "Pteropus". The black flying fox is native to Australia, Papua New Guinea, and Indonesia. It is not a threatened species.
Taxonomy.
Juvenile specimens of this species from Moa Island in Torres Strait have been described as a separate species, "Pteropus banakrisi". This supposed species was known as the "Torresian flying fox" or "Moa Island fruit bat".
Description.
The black flying fox has short, black hair with a contrasting reddish-brown mantle, and a mean forearm length of 164 mm (6.46 in) and a mean weight of 710 g (1.57 lb). It is one of the largest bat species in the world, and has a wingspan of more than .
Distribution.
Black flying foxes are native to Australia (New South Wales, Queensland, Northern Territory and Western Australia), Papua New Guinea (Western Province) and Indonesia (West Papua, Sulawesi, Sumba, and Savu).
Roosting habits.
During the day, individuals reside in large roosts (colonies or 'camps') consisting of hundreds to tens of thousands of individuals. They sometimes share their roosts with the grey-headed flying fox ("Pteropus poliocephalus"), the spectacled flying fox ("P. conspicillatus"), and/or the little red flying fox ("P. scapulatus"). They roost in mangroves, paperbark swamps, patches of rainforest and bamboo forests, and very rarely in caves or underneath overhangs.
Reproduction.
Black flying foxes breed once a year. A single young is born, and carried by its mother for the first month of life, after which it is left behind in the roost when the mother is out foraging at night.
Diet.
Black flying foxes eat pollen and nectar from native eucalyptus, lilypillies, paperbark, and turpentine trees. When native foods are scarce, particularly during drought, the bats may take introduced or commercial fruits, such as mangos and apples. This species had been known to travel up to a night in search of food. In residential areas, the species has adapted to eating introduced cocos palm trees as a substitute for scarcer native species - and now accounts for around 30% of the animals' food source. However, the high acidity of the palm fruits can prove toxic and may lead to death.
Conservation.
The black flying fox is not listed as threatened on the IUCN Red List; nevertheless, the species is exposed to several threats, including loss of foraging and roosting habitat, and mass die-offs caused by extreme temperature events. Because climate change is predicted to make Australia hotter, the negative impacts this species faces from extreme temperature events are expected to grow into a larger problem. According to one study, these animals begin to die once temperatures reach above 40°C. Another study of records from wildlife rehabilitation clinics in Australia found that heat stress particularly affected black flying foxes compared to other flying fox species. Clinic records indicated that 46% of wildlife rescues of black flying foxes were due to heat stress, compared to 18% of grey-headed flying fox rescues and 8% of little red flying fox rescues.
When present in urban environments, black flying foxes are sometimes perceived as a nuisance. Because their roosting and foraging habits bring the species into conflict with humans, it suffers from direct killing of animals in orchards and harassment and destruction of roosts. In Indonesia, this species is frequently consumed as bushmeat, with concerns that the population loss might not be sustainable.
As a disease vector.
Negative public perception of the species has intensified with the discovery of three recently emerged zoonotic viruses that are potentially fatal to humans: Australian bat lyssavirus, Hendra virus, and Menangle virus. However, only the Australian bat lyssavirus is known from two isolated cases to be directly transmissible from bats to humans.
Wildlife rescue.
Flying foxes often come to the attention of Australian wildlife care and rescue organisations, such as Wildcare Australia, Orphan Native Animal Rear and Release Association Incorporated, Wildlife Carers Darling Downs, Bat Care, Bat Rescue, Tweed Valley Wildlife Carers, and WIRES when reported as injured, sick, orphaned or abandoned. A very high proportion of adult flying fox injuries are caused by entanglement in barbed wire fences or loose, improperly erected fruit tree netting, both of which can result in very serious injuries and a slow, agonizing death for the animal if not rescued quickly.

</doc>
<doc id="6943467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943467" title="Stephane Dumont">
Stephane Dumont



</doc>
<doc id="6943469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943469" title="Stephane Pichot">
Stephane Pichot



</doc>
<doc id="6943470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943470" title="Michael Stephen Palmer">
Michael Stephen Palmer



</doc>
<doc id="6943471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943471" title="Interior of the Earth">
Interior of the Earth



</doc>
<doc id="6943472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943472" title="Stephane Sessegnon">
Stephane Sessegnon



</doc>
<doc id="6943473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943473" title="Michael S. Palmer">
Michael S. Palmer



</doc>
<doc id="6943477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943477" title="Age of the planet Earth">
Age of the planet Earth



</doc>
<doc id="6943480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943480" title="The Great Eight Fate!">
The Great Eight Fate!



</doc>
<doc id="6943481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943481" title="Matthew Pateman (singer)">
Matthew Pateman (singer)



</doc>
<doc id="6943482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943482" title="Paul Kelly and the Stormwater Boys">
Paul Kelly and the Stormwater Boys



</doc>
<doc id="6943483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943483" title="Mariya Smolyachkova">
Mariya Smolyachkova



</doc>
<doc id="6943487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943487" title="Heritable variation">
Heritable variation



</doc>
<doc id="6943493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943493" title="Collendina, Victoria">
Collendina, Victoria



</doc>
<doc id="6943496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943496" title="Non-heritable variations">
Non-heritable variations



</doc>
<doc id="6943499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943499" title="Michael Stephen palmer">
Michael Stephen palmer



</doc>
<doc id="6943502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943502" title="Maxime Mora">
Maxime Mora

Maxime Mora (born 10 July 1984) is a French badminton player. In 2004, he reach the men's singles quarter final at the Bulgarian International tournament. At the 2005 French Open, he also finished in the quarter final round. In 2008, he won the men's singles title at the French University Badminton Championship, and at the same year, he represented University of Paris XII competed at the World University Championships in Braga, Portugal.
Achievements.
BWF International Challenge/Series.
"Men's singles"

</doc>
<doc id="6943503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943503" title="Play School (British TV series)">
Play School (British TV series)

Play School is a British children's television series produced by the BBC which ran from 21 April 1964 until 11 March 1988. It was created by Joy Whitby and was aimed at preschool children. Each programme followed a broad theme and consisted of songs, stories and activities with presenters in the studio, along with a short film introduced through either the square, round or arched window in the set.
The programme spawned numerous spin-offs in Britain and other countries and involved many presenters and musicians during its run. Despite a revamp in 1983, "Play School" maintained the same basic formula throughout its 24-year history, but changes to the BBC's children's output led to the programme's cancellation in 1988, when it was replaced by "Playbus", which soon became "Playdays".
Broadcast history.
"Play School" was the first programme shown on BBC2's launch day. It originally appeared on weekdays at 11am on BBC2 and received holiday runs on BBC1 in Summer 1964 and 1965, later acquiring a mid-afternoon BBC1 repeat as the opening programme of BBC1's teatime children's schedule. The morning showing was transferred to BBC1 on 19 September 1983 when BBC Schools programming transferred to BBC2, and was shown 30 minutes earlier, at 10.30am. It remained in that slot after daytime television was launched in October 1986 and continued to be broadcast at that time until the programme ended in October 1988.
When the BBC scrapped the afternoon edition of "Play School" in April 1985 to make way for new programmes in that slot, a Sunday morning compilation was launched called "Hello Again!". This came seven months after the programme's length was reduced from 25 minutes to 20 minutes.
There were several opening sequences for "Play School" during its run, the first being "Here's a house, here's a door. Windows: 1 2 3 4. Ready to knock? Turn the lock – It's Play School". This changed in the early 1970s to "A house – with a door. 1, 2, 3, 4. Ready to play? What's the day? It's..." In this version blinds opened on the windows as the numbers were spoken.
The blinds were no longer featured towards the end of the 1970s and the word "windows" was added before "1 2 3 4". The final opening sequence involved a multicoloured house with no apparent windows. This was used from 1983 until the end of the programme. This saw the most radical revamp of the programme overall (not just in the opening titles). The opening legend then became "Get ready. To play. What's the day? It's...".
Unlike earlier BBC programmes aimed at preschool children such as "Watch with Mother", "Play School" featured real presenters who spoke directly to their audience. Presenters included the first black host of a children's show, Paul Danquah; Brian Cant, who remained with the show for 21 years; actress Julie Stevens; Canadian actor and television presenter Rick Jones; TV personality Johnny Ball; former pop singers Lionel Morton and Toni Arthur; husband and wife Eric Thompson and Phyllida Law; Italian model and actor Marla Landi; and "Balamory" producer Brian Jameson. Don Spencer and Diane Dorgan also appeared on the Australian version. "Play School" and another BBC children's television programme "Jackanory" were sometimes recorded at BBC Birmingham or BBC Manchester when BBC Television Centre in London was busy.
Contents of the show.
A section of each episode was a filmed excursion into the outside world taken through one of three windows: the young viewers were invited to guess whether the round, square, or arched window would be chosen that day, usually by means of the phrase, "...Have a look – through the...(whichever) window". A triangular window was added in 1983. Very often the film would be of a factory producing something such as chocolate biscuits, or of a domestic industry such as refuse collection, but a number of subject matters were covered, such as watching animals or fish, boats on a lake, children in a playground or at school, a family going tenpin bowling, people in a café and visiting a jumble sale, among other things.
At the beginning of the 1983 revamp, the windows were now referred to as "shapes" as in "let's have a look through one of the shapes...". After the shapes were moved to a spinning disc, the programme went back to using windows which resembled those used in the late 70s, albeit with the addition of the triangular window. Whenever they were shown now, only the window that the show was using for the day would be on the set.
Each episode would also include a short story read from a book, introduced by checking the time on a clock. Normally the clock would show either an hour or a half hour and the young viewers were asked, "Can you tell what time the clock says today? Well, the long hand is pointing straight up, so that means it's something o'clock – and the short hand is pointing to the number...two (or whatever). So today, the clock says, two...o'...clock" (the latter phrase always delivered very slowly). This was followed by, "But what's underneath the clock?", and viewers would then see a turntable under the clock featuring certain items such as toy animals or clocks, which were, in a clever twist, always a clue to the forthcoming story. This was all accompanied by a slightly eerie, yet undeniably catchy, clock-like tune. (On one occasion, the item under the clock turned out to be none other than Little Ted, so the presenter concerned said, "What a very odd place for a toy to be!" and the story appropriately turned out to be about odd things.)
Both the clock and the three window option live on in the children's programme "Tikkabilla", which borrows much from "Play School", while a similar choice of portal into a film clip was provided by the abdomen-mounted video displays in the children's show "Teletubbies".
Most of the programmes were studio-based, but there were a number of outside broadcasts at a variety of locations, such as zoos, seasides, central London, churches, schools and farms.
There would also be songs, games, poems and stories, as well as regular painting and craft activities. The presenters would frequently invite the younger viewers to participate at home, usually by means of the prompt, 'Can you do that?' They normally signed off at the end of each episode by saying, "Time for us to go now, but only until tomorrow, so goodbye until tomorrow" – or, at the end of a week, "Goodbye, until it's our turn to be here again". (The latter phrase stemmed from the fact that the presenters changed from one week to the next.)
From 1971 to 1984, "Play School" also had a sister programme called "Play Away".
Many 2 inch Quadruplex videotape master copies of "Play School" editions were wiped by the BBC in 1993 on the assumption that they were of no further use and that only a small number of episodes needed to be retained in the archive. As a result 3664 went missing.
On 14 October, 2024, the Film Is Fabulous project announced that they had recovered an episode of the show, namely the black-and-white episode first broadcast on 12th August, 1965, with presenters Marian Diamond and Rick Jones. the recovery of the episode is aptly timed as the show was celebrating its 60th anniversary. This brought the number of episodes missing down to 3663.
Overseas sales and adoption.
"Play School" was sold to Australia, and was then followed by local production. The Australian version has been produced since 1966, and is the only version still in production. Similarly New Zealand bought the programme before producing their own from 1972 to 1982 &amp; 1986 to 1989. The Canadian adaptation was "Polka Dot Door" and ran from 1971 to 1993.
Other countries including "Lekestue" in Norway (1971–81), "Das Spielhaus" in Switzerland (1968–1994), "Das Kleine Haus" in Austria (1969–1975), "Giocagiò" in Italy (1966–1970), "La Casa Del Reloj" in Spain (1971–74), and Israel were provided with scripts and film segments so they could produce their own versions.
Presenters.
The first show was presented by Virginia Stride and Gordon Rollings. Other presenters throughout the 24-year run included 
In many cases five programmes would be produced in the space of two days, with one day of rehearsal and one day of recording.
Celebrity storytellers.
A number of famous people also appeared on the show as storytellers: many became semi-regulars. They included: Val Doonican, Richard Baker, Rolf Harris, Clive Dunn, Roy Castle, Pat Coombs, David Kossoff, Patricia Hayes, Sam Kydd, James Blades, Frank Windsor, Roy Kinnear, George Chisholm, Ted Moult and Cilla Black. Both existing and former "Play School" presenters also frequently made guest appearances as storytellers.
Musicians.
Many musicians worked on the programme over the years: they included Jonathan Cohen, William Blezard, Peter Gosling, Alan Grahame, Paul Reade, Spike Heatley, Alan Rushton, Pedro Goble, Anne Dudley, John Gould, Martin Yates, Peter Pontzen and Peter Pettinger. Some of them, in particular Cohen, Gosling, Grahame and Reade, occasionally appeared on camera, especially during Christmas editions.
Toys.
The presenters were accompanied by a supporting cast of cuddly toys and dolls. The five regulars were:
A rocking horse named Dapple, for Jeremy Bentham's horse, was first seen in May 1965 and made occasional appearances, when a particular song or item suggested it. The final line up of toys are on display as exhibits of the National Science and Media Museum, Bradford. The original Humpty was developed by soft toy makers "Ostrobogulous Toys", run by Kristin Baybars—daughter of Blair Hughes-Stanton and Ida Affleck Graves—and Minnie King. Jemima was made by Annette Shelley.
Pets.
The pets were cared for by Wendy Duggan, Fellow of the Zoological Society.

</doc>
<doc id="6943504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943504" title="History of Sheffield Wednesday">
History of Sheffield Wednesday



</doc>
<doc id="6943509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943509" title="Salmon-striped frog">
Salmon-striped frog

The salmon-striped frog ("Limnodynastes salmini") is a species of ground dwelling frog native to southeastern Queensland and northern New South Wales, Australia.
Description.
It is a large species of frog reaching about in length. It is brown above with spots and blotches of darker brown. The predominant feature of this species is the 3 pink, orange or red-brown stripes running down the dorsal surface, with two on each side and one down the back. There is also an orange raised bar running from under the eye to the shoulder. The armpit is orange. The belly is white while the thighs are mottled black and white. The iris is golden.
Ecology and behaviour.
It is often a burrowing species and will spend time underground or under logs and rocks to avoid drought. It is associated with dams, flooded areas, and ditches in open areas or woodland. Males make an "unk-unk-unk" call from vegetation in water after heavy rains in spring, summer, and autumn.
About 1500 eggs are laid in floating foamy masses. Tadpoles hatch about 3 to 4 days after laying. Tadpoles are very dark brown and reach . Tadpole development takes about 43 days at a water temperature of 30 °C. Metamorphs measure and resemble the adult; however, their stripes are paler.
Similar species.
It is similar to the striped marsh frog, from which it can be distinguished by the orange or red stripes.

</doc>
<doc id="6943511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943511" title="Stalin prize">
Stalin prize



</doc>
<doc id="6943514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943514" title="Kita-gun, Kagawa">
Kita-gun, Kagawa



</doc>
<doc id="6943515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943515" title="Maryia Smaliachkova">
Maryia Smaliachkova

Maryia Viktorovna Smolyachkova (; born 10 February 1985 in Minsk) is a female hammer thrower from Belarus. Her personal best throw is 74.65 metres, achieved in July 2008 in Minsk.

</doc>
<doc id="6943517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943517" title="Kita-gun, Ehime">
Kita-gun, Ehime



</doc>
<doc id="6943533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943533" title="Lionel Fogarty">
Lionel Fogarty

Lionel Fogarty (born 1958), also published as Lionel Lacey, is an Indigenous Australian poet and political activist.
Early life.
Fogarty was born in 1958 on an Aboriginal reserve at Barambah (now called Cherbourg) in Queensland, where he grew up. He is of the Yoogum (Yugambeh) and Kudjela (?) peoples.
Activism.
Fogarty was involved in Aboriginal activism from his teenage years, including involvement with such organisations as Aboriginal Legal Service, Aboriginal Housing Service, Black Resource Centre, Black Community School and Murrie Coo-ee. He worked mainly in southern Queensland on issues such as land rights, Aboriginal health and deaths in custody. His brother, Daniel Yock, died in the back of a police van shortly after being arrested, in 1993.
Fogarty met activist Cheryl Buchanan (born 1955), later the mother of his six children, in Melbourne, who was working with the National Union of Australian University Students (NUAUS). He assisted in publishing the newspaper "Black News Service" (1975–1977), originally out of the Black Resource Centre (BRC) in Melbourne (supported by the NUAUS) and later from Brisbane. Buchanan had been involved in the setup of the Aboriginal Tent Embassy in 1972, and became inaugural director of the BRC. The centre later moved to Brisbane. Buchanan also took him up to Aurukun festival and to meet Mapoon people whose land near Weipa had been taken from them in the 1930s and 1940s. 
The BRC was involved in the defence and acquittal of the "Brisbane Three" in 1975. Fogarty was one of the three: he faced charges of conspiracy against the state in Brisbane, along with Denis Walker and Chilean national John Garcia. The charges, which had been laid by then premier of Queensland Joh Bjelke-Petersen's Special Branch in 1974, were on various offences relating to an alleged plot to "kidnap" Jim Varghese, students' union president at the University of Queensland.
After this, Fogarty started writing on political issues.
As well as travelling around Australia promoting Murri culture and Aboriginal causes, in 1976 he travelled to the Second International Indian Treaty Council in South Dakota, United States, part of the American Indian Movement. In the International Year for the World's Indigenous People in 1993, Fogarty went on an extensive tour in Europe, reading his work.
Poetry.
His poetry can be seen as an extension of this activism; common themes include the maintenance of traditional Aboriginal culture and the effects of European occupation. His work has been described as "experimental", and sometimes "surrealist". He uses Aboriginal language in his poetry, partly as an attempt to extend the dialogue between Australian cultures.
Fogarty has been involved with not-for-profit poetry organisation, The Red Room Company, participating in Unlocked, a program for inmates in New South Wales correctional centres, as well its creative projects including "Clubs and Societies" and "The Poet's Life Works".
Selected works.
Fogarty's works include:

</doc>
<doc id="6943540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943540" title="Eight Ain't Enough">
Eight Ain't Enough



</doc>
<doc id="6943542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943542" title="MAT/5 mine">
MAT/5 mine

The MAT/5 is an Italian circular, plastic-cased minimum metal blast resistant anti-tank blast mine. It uses a pneumatic fuze which is resistant to shock and blast, and is also claimed to be resistant to mine flails and mine rollers. The mine's plastic case is waterproof, and it can be laid in shallow water. Additionally the mine will function upside down. The mine can be fitted with anti-handling devices. The mine is no longer in production.

</doc>
<doc id="6943544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943544" title="Live in Stratford">
Live in Stratford



</doc>
<doc id="6943547" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943547" title="Ze Antonio">
Ze Antonio



</doc>
<doc id="6943549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943549" title="Sanharib Malki">
Sanharib Malki

Sanharib Malki Sabah (; ; born 1 March 1984) is a retired Syrian footballer of Aramean ethnicity who played as a striker. Besides his Syrian nationality, he also holds Belgian and Turkish passports.
For K.S.V. Roeselare, his previous club, he scored their first European goal in the first qualifying round of the UEFA Cup 2006-07 against FK Vardar from Macedonia.
International career.
He received his first cap in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification tournament for Syria against Kuwait on June 8, 2008, thereby eliminating the possibility of playing for Belgium ever again although just one month earlier he was on a training camp with the Belgium national football team under 23s.

</doc>
<doc id="6943550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943550" title="Pteropus alecto">
Pteropus alecto



</doc>
<doc id="6943552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943552" title="George Jacobs (basketball)">
George Jacobs (basketball)

George W. "Doc" Jacobs (February 23, 1900 – May 19, 1968) was an American coach and athletic director. He served as the third head men's basketball coach at Villanova University from 1929 to 1936. A three-sport star in football, basketball and baseball at Villanova in the mid-1920s, Jacobs later became the school's baseball coach from 1933 to 1943, with a Villanova won-loss record of 106–37.
After World War II in 1947, Jacobs moved to the Burlington, Vermont suburb of Winooski, where he became the athletic director at Saint Michael's College, serving in that and other athletic capacities until his death in 1968. Jacobs served as the school's baseball coach from 1948 through 1956, but it was as the school's basketball coach in the 1950s and early 1960s that he established St. Michael's NCAA Division II program, winning 159 games over a 12-year span and going to the NCAA National Division II tournament in Evansville, Indiana for three straight seasons, 1958 to 1960. He also served as the school's football coach. His 1951 "Purple Knights" went 6–0 and were declared "New England Champions".
Jacobs died of a heart attack on May 19, 1968, at the age of 68, at his home in Winooski, Vermont.
St. Michael's honors the memory of "Doc" annually, with their basketball season-opening tournament called "The Doc Jacobs Classic" and their athletic fields are named "Doc" Jacobs Field. Jacobs is considered "the father of modern day St. Michael's College Athletics".
In 2014, Jacobs was posthumously inducted into the Vermont Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="6943553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943553" title="Ze Castro">
Ze Castro



</doc>
<doc id="6943554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943554" title="Zeze Procopio">
Zeze Procopio



</doc>
<doc id="6943555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943555" title="Zlatko Dedic">
Zlatko Dedic



</doc>
<doc id="6943556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943556" title="Zoltan Crisan">
Zoltan Crisan



</doc>
<doc id="6943558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943558" title="Zoran Vulic">
Zoran Vulic



</doc>
<doc id="6943559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943559" title="Zozimo">
Zozimo



</doc>
<doc id="6943566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943566" title="CBZ">
CBZ

CBZ (or cbz) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6943569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943569" title="Joao Alves">
Joao Alves



</doc>
<doc id="6943570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943570" title="Windows Media player">
Windows Media player



</doc>
<doc id="6943572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943572" title="Joao Azevedo">
Joao Azevedo



</doc>
<doc id="6943574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943574" title="2006 SAF Games">
2006 SAF Games



</doc>
<doc id="6943575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943575" title="Joao Coimbra">
Joao Coimbra



</doc>
<doc id="6943577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943577" title="Joao Moutinho">
Joao Moutinho



</doc>
<doc id="6943578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943578" title="Simon langton boys grammar">
Simon langton boys grammar



</doc>
<doc id="6943580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943580" title="Petra Overzier">
Petra Overzier

Petra Overzier (born 8 March 1982) is a German professional badminton player. She is the first player originally from Germany to medal at the World Championships in women's singles category in 2006. Her younger sister Birgit Overzier is also a professional badminton player.
Achievements.
World Championships.
"Women's Singles"
European Junior Championships.
"Girls' singles"
"Girls' doubles"
IBF/BWF International.
"Women's Singles"
"Women's doubles"
Record against selected opponents.
Record against Year-end Finals finalists, World Championships semi-finalists, and Olympic quarter-finalists.

</doc>
<doc id="6943581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943581" title="Kita-ku, Kōbe">
Kita-ku, Kōbe



</doc>
<doc id="6943582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943582" title="Joao Paulo Andrade">
Joao Paulo Andrade



</doc>
<doc id="6943584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943584" title="John Cashman (basketball)">
John Cashman (basketball)

John Joseph Aloysius "Rube" Cashman Jr. (March 24, 1892 – December 6, 1949) was an American basketball player and college coach. He served as the second head men's basketball coach at Villanova University from 1926 to 1929. With three seasons at Villanova, he is their shortest-tenured coach in the program's history.
Coaching career.
Cashman started as an assistant coach for Villanova University. In 1926, he became the team's head coach. In his first season, the Wildcats had an 11–7 record.
The following seasons were disrupted by a college fire. With their main gymnasium converted into laboratory space, the Wildcats had to practice off-campus and had to find an alternate site for their home games. In three years with the team, he had a record of 21–26 (.447). This makes him their shortest-tenured coach in the program's history.

</doc>
<doc id="6943585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943585" title="Joao Pereira Jamba">
Joao Pereira Jamba



</doc>
<doc id="6943586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943586" title="Kuwait Petroleum International">
Kuwait Petroleum International

Kuwait Petroleum International (KPI), commonly known as Q8 (pronounced Cue-Eight, which sounds like "Kuwait" in a British accent), is the international subsidiary of Kuwait Petroleum Corporation. It refines and markets fuel, lubricants and other petroleum products in Europe.
Established in 1983, it supplies 4,000 retail filling stations, as well as direct sales operations delivering fuel and heating oil to domestic and industrial users. Q8 also operates an International Diesel Service - a secure fuel card service supported by automated technology for international road transportation companies - in more than 700 located sites throughout Europe. Q8 also has a significant aviation business marketing jet fuel at more than 40 airports worldwide and a lubricants business with five lubricants blending plants, direct sales and marketing activities across Europe and export sales to over 75 countries worldwide.
History.
The company's logo represents a dhow, a traditional Arab sailboat. The colours yellow, red and blue symbolise the desert, sun and sea respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="6943588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943588" title="Joao Soares da Mota Neto">
Joao Soares da Mota Neto



</doc>
<doc id="6943593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943593" title="Joao Tomas">
Joao Tomas



</doc>
<doc id="6943596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943596" title="Hialeah Park">
Hialeah Park



</doc>
<doc id="6943597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943597" title="Joao Vilela">
Joao Vilela



</doc>
<doc id="6943603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943603" title="Vashishtha">
Vashishtha



</doc>
<doc id="6943604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943604" title="SYDI">
SYDI

SYDI (Script Your Documentation Instantly) is an open source project aimed at assisting system administrators in documenting their networks. Hosted on SourceForge, the project provides scripts that target computers running the Windows and Linux operating systems. The Windows scripts are written in VBScript, while the Linux script is written in Python.
Each script serves two basic functions: collecting and reporting. After targeting a system, the script collects information from the target and outputs it to either an XML file or a Microsoft Word document.
SYDI is licensed under the BSD License.
SYDI components.
As of version 2.0, SYDI consists of four separate script packages, each of which targets specific operating systems or applications.
SYDI-Server.
SYDI-Server is the most developed script within the SYDI project. It is used to document Windows servers or clients. It collects information with Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI) and by reading the Windows registry. SYDI-Server finds basic hardware settings, installed software, domain membership, network settings etc.
SYDI-Exchange.
SYDI-Exchange is used to document Microsoft Exchange Server organizations. Information is gathered through LDAP queries to the Active Directory where the Exchange information is stored.
SYDI-SQL.
SYDI-SQL is used to document Microsoft SQL (MS SQL) Servers. Information is gathered by using SQL queries against the target server.
SYDI-Linux.
SYDI-Linux is the least developed package within the SYDI project. Information is gathered by reading various files on a Linux system. SYDI-Linux focuses on documenting the Gentoo Linux distribution. Unlike the other SYDI packages, this is not able to write Microsoft Word documents, however the XML file created can be converted into an OpenOffice document.
SYDI-SMS.
SYDI-SMS is an offshoot of the SYDI project. It was created by a Microsoft MVP to document his System Management Server 2003 unlike the other Microsoft-based SYDI packages, this script only create a Word document.
SYDI-SCCM.
SYDI-SCCM is an offshoot of the SYDI project. It was created by a Microsoft MVP to document his System Center Configuration Manager 2007 unlike the other Microsoft-based SYDI packages, this script only create a Word document. This version will document most of CM12 too.
SYDI-CM12.
SYDI-SCCM is an offshoot of the SYDI project. It was created by a Microsoft MVP to document his System Center Configuration Manager 2012 unlike the other Microsoft-based SYDI packages, this script will only create a Word document. This version will document most of CM12 too.

</doc>
<doc id="6943608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943608" title="MAT/6 mine">
MAT/6 mine

The MAT/6 is an Italian circular synthetic resin-cased minimum metal blast resistant anti-tank blast mine. It uses a pneumatic fuze which is resistant to shock and blast, and is also claimed to be resistant to mine flails and mine rollers. The mine's plastic case is waterproof, and it can be laid in shallow water. Anti-handling devices may be fitted to the mine.
The mine is no longer in production.

</doc>
<doc id="6943609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943609" title="Robin Boyd Award">
Robin Boyd Award

The Robin Boyd Award for Residential Architecture, Houses (New) is an Australian national architecture prize presented annually by the Australian Institute of Architects since 1981.
Background.
The award is for achievement in residential architecture, and specifically new houses. Alongside the named award, secondary awards are given including a 'National Award' and 'National Commendation' to highly regarded entries. Projects in this category must be residential in nature, generally falling within BCA Class 1a and must be new buildings. Projects with up to two self-contained dwellings may be entered in this category.
 
Naming of the award.
The award is presented in memory of the Australian architect Robin Boyd (1919—1971), and is awarded to residential architecture that sets benchmarks for meeting client's needs, responding to the site and providing shelter that is at the leading edge of house design.
Multiple winners.
Sydney based architect Peter Stutchbury has been awarded the Robin Boyd Award on four occasions; 2003, 2005, 2020 and 2021.
The office of Durbach Block Jaggers based in Kings Cross, Sydney has won the award three times; in 1998 and 2004 (as Durbach Block) and 2017.
Two time winners include Glenn Murcutt, Lindsay Clare, John Wardle, Timothy Hill, Sean Godsell, Alexander Tzannes, Kerstin Thompson, Troppo Architects and Denton Corker Marshall.
2022 Award.
In 2022 the following projects were shortlisted for the award:
For only the second time, and the first time in forty years, no named award was given by the jury; Tony Giannone (Chair), Caroline Pidcock, Adrian Iredale, Poppy Taylor and Tim Ross.
2023 Award.
The following projects were shortlisted for the 2023 Robin Boyd Award by the AIA:
The 2023 jury members were Shannon Battisson (Chair), Shaneen Fantin, William Smart, Stephanie Kitingan and Scott Burchell.
The Robin Boyd Award was presented to Adam Haddow and Stewart Cowan from SJB for 19 Waterloo Street, at the National Awards held in Canberra on 31 October 2023. National Awards were also presented to Merricks Farmhouse by Michael Lumby with Nielsen Jenkins and Spring Creek Road Farm House by Architect Brew Koch. Mossy Point House by Edition office was presented a National Commendation.
2024 Award.
The following projects were shortlisted for the 2024 Robin Boyd Award by the AIA:
The Award was presented to Edition Office at the National Awards held in Adelaide on 7 November 2024. National Awards were also presented to Burnt Earth Beach House by Wardle and Six Ways House by Kennedy Nolan. Maitland Bay House by Studio Bright was presented a National Commendation.
Distribution and location of Awards.
To 2024 a total of 50 Robin Boyd Awards had been given in the 42 years of the award, with no award given in only two years (1982 and 2022). On seven occasions joint winners have been awarded; 1991, 1993 (three winners), 1995, 1996, 1999, 2003 and 2020.
A total of 80% of the Awards have been given to freestanding houses (40 of 50), and almost half of those to beach houses or holiday houses (19 total). Houses located in remote areas accounts for 40% of the awards, while only 18% of winning projects would be considered inner urban. A total of 17 suburban projects have won the award, around 34% of all Award winners.
Around 47% of awards have been won by projects in metropolitan urban areas, and 53% in non–metropolitan locations. Ten awards have been won in regional Victoria compared with only four awards in regional New South Wales – two of those by Glenn Murcutt — and seven awards in regional Queensland.
To 2024 more than two-thirds of all awards have been won by houses located in New South Wales or Victoria, and 92% of all awards won on the mainland eastern seaboard states of New South Wales (42%), Victoria (28%) and Queensland (22%). No architects or projects from South Australia or ACT have been awarded since the award began.
The most common site locations for awards have been Sydney beachside or harbourside suburbs (10 awards or 20%), Queensland coastal areas (7 awards) or on the Mornington Peninsula, Victoria (6 awards). A total of 24 projects or 50% would be considered coastal, with the remainder divided 18% inner city, 12% rural and 30% suburban.

</doc>
<doc id="6943611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943611" title="Colour image">
Colour image



</doc>
<doc id="6943612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943612" title="Michael Saxe">
Michael Saxe

Michael A. Saxe (December 22, 1886 – May 26, 1955, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was an American basketball player and coach.
Saxe was the captain of the basketball team at Philadelphia's Central High School in 1906.
He attended the University of Pennsylvania, where he played from 1908 to 1910, leading the Quakers to a 23–4 record and an Ivy League championship in 1908.
He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1910, and served in the U.S. Army during World War I.
He was the first head men's basketball coach at Villanova University from 1920 to 1926, compiling a 64-30 (.681) record overall. His best season was 1925, when the team finished 10–1. He later coached at La Salle University.
Saxe died of a heart attack at his home in Philadelphia in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="6943615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943615" title="Mario Silva (athlete)">
Mario Silva (athlete)



</doc>
<doc id="6943618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943618" title="Henry H. Houston">
Henry H. Houston

Henry H. Houston (October 3, 1820 – June 21, 1895) was a leading Philadelphia businessman and philanthropist. He worked in iron and transportation industries and invested in oil and precious metal concerns. He sat on boards of a number of railroad organizations and he was trustee of the University of Pennsylvania and Washington and Lee University. He developed Wissahickon Heights, an exclusive community in western Chestnut Hill.
Early life.
Henry Howard Houston was born on the Houston farm near Wrightsville, Pennsylvania on October 3, 1820, the son of Susan (Strickler) and Samuel Nelson Houston. He had an older brother and three younger sisters. During his childhood, he also grew up in Columbia, Pennsylvania. He was of Scottish-Irish heritage, his ancestors immigrated to Colonial America in the early 18th century.
Career.
When Houston was 14, he became a clerk at John S. Futhey's mercantile house in Wrightsville, which supplied construction materials for a tow bridge, Susquehanna River dam, Tide-Water Canal, and Baltimore and Susquehanna Railroad. He worked at the job for five years. Houston began his adult career working in the iron furnace industry in Clarion County and Venango Counties. In 1847, he worked for D. Leech and Company, a canal and railroad transportation firm.
Col. William C. Patterson, president of the Pennsylvania Railroad, hired Houston to establish and operate the company's freight business from 1851, and he became the General Freight Manager in 1852. He resigned in 1867 due to poor health and worked as promoter and manager of the Union and Erie Lines. Houston was in charge of the Philadelphia, Germantown and Chestnut Hill Railroad, now SEPTA's Regional Rail Chestnut Hill West Line, which was built in the 1880s to link downtown Philadelphia with the wealthy and growing suburbs to the northwest.
Houston was among the early investors in the oil industry in Pennsylvania. He invested in silver and gold mines in Colorado and Montana. He was part-owner of 21 ocean vessels and 20 steamers on lakes. He was president of The Pacific Mail Steam Ship Company. Houston invested in coal mines in West Virginia and Pennsylvania.
Houston accumulated wealth during the American Civil War, when the Pennsylvania Railroad supplied supplies and troops for the Union Army. After the war, he benefited from the efficiency and success of his transcontinental freight lines. He acquired most of his wealth from his investments in the Atlantic Refining Company.
He was a trustee of the University of Pennsylvania and Washington and Lee University. He sat on the board of directors of the International Navigation Company, the Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad, the Cumberland Valley Railroad, the Pennsylvania Steel Company, the Erie and Western Transportation Company. He was elected as a member to the American Philosophical Society in 1887.
He was the developer of Wissahickon Heights (now St. Martins area), an exclusive community in western Chestnut Hill, and built the original structures used by Chestnut Hill Academy and the Philadelphia Cricket Club. Houston owned the Wissahickon Inn.
Marriage and children.
Houston married Sarah (Sallie) S. Bonnell in 1856, and they had six children, only three of whom survived him, Sallie Bonnell Houston, Samuel Frederic Houston, and Gertrude Houston Woodward. Henry Houston Jr. died in June 1879 in Rome while on a post-graduate tour of Europe. Two of the children's names are unknown.
Houston attended St. Peter's Church in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia.
Philanthropy.
Houston was known for his generosity and charitable acts. He gave $500,000 () to the University of Pennsylvania. He donated $100,000 for the construction of Houston Hall, a recreation hall for students, as a memorial to his son Henry H. Houston, Jr., who died while traveling in Europe after his college graduation. Houston was also a benefactor of Washington and Lee University and the Protestant Episcopal Church of St. Martin's-in-the-Fields. Often, he preferred his philanthropic activities to remain unknown.
Death and estate.
Houston died on June 21, 1895, at his country house in Wissahickon, Philadelphia. Houston's 1895 will was still contested until 1964, by that time the property he left in trust was worth approximately $145 million, leading to a decision by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court. The case is often taught in law school in property and probate law courses as it deals with the interpretation of future interests created in favor of Houston's grandchildren.
Legacy.
A statue at the Wissahickon Valley Park memorializes Houston's role as real estate developer, railroad magnate, and philanthropist. The statue, depicting Houston in top hat and tails and his Irish wolfhound, is located at the southeast corner of Lincoln Drive and Harvey Street. John Massey Rhind, a Scottish-American sculptor, made the work of art for the City of Philadelphia Fairmount Park Commission that was installed in 1900.
Houston's Chestnut Hill mansion, Druim Moir (1886), still exists, having been converted to multiple residential units in 1980. Springside School occupies part of the former estate's grounds.
Houston is the namesake of the Henry H. Houston Elementary School in Mount Airy, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="6943621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943621" title="Dreamland, Melbourne (amusement park)">
Dreamland, Melbourne (amusement park)



</doc>
<doc id="6943623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943623" title="NY NJ Port Authority Police">
NY NJ Port Authority Police



</doc>
<doc id="6943626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943626" title="Manometry">
Manometry

Manometry refers to pressure measurement (usually in a medical context), taking forms including:

</doc>
<doc id="6943630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943630" title="USCGC Sassafras">
USCGC Sassafras

Sassafras is a C-Class, , seagoing buoy tender constructed for the United States Coast Guard by Marine Iron &amp; Shipbuilding Corp. of Duluth, Minnesota. "Sassafras" was one of 39 tenders commissioned for duties that would include aids-to-navigation, ice breaking, search-and-rescue, firefighting, law enforcement, providing fuel and potable water, and assistance to the National Oceanographic and Seismographic Survey.
History.
1943 - 16 August. Keel laid at Duluth, Minnesota.
1943 - 5 October. Launched Superior Bay.
1944 - 23 May. Commissioned as USCGC "Sassafras" (WAGL-401).
1945 - 15 April. Homeported San Francisco, California.
1946 - 23 August. Left San Francisco for new homeport of Honolulu, Hawaii.
1946-47 - Assisted the Seventh Fleet involved in wartime operations in the Philippines.
1947 - 22 August. Left Honolulu for new homeport of Cape May, New Jersey.
1949 - Assisted USCGC "Eastwind" after she was severely damaged in a collision with MV "Gulfstream" on 19 January 1949 off Cape May, New Jersey.
1957 - 4 September. Assisted after a mid-air collision between two USAF F-89 aircraft in Delaware Bay.
1965 - Hull Classification Symbol changed to WLB.
1967 - On 30 April 1967, "Sassafras" rescued five from FV "Mockingbird", which sank SE of New York City.
1969 - 12 January. Grounded on a pinnacle in the Hudson River, north of Bear Mountain Bridge; she was re-floated four days later.
1977-78 - Underwent a "major renovation" at the Coast Guard Yard. The "major renovation" program was conducted on the following 180-foot tenders between 1974 and 1979: "Sedge", "Bramble", "Ironwood", "Mariposa", "Acacia", "Sweetbrier", "Hornbeam", "Spar", "Sassafras", "Sundew", "Firebush", and "Woodrush". This renovation involved the complete removal and overhaul of all mechanical systems including the main engines and the propulsion switchboard. A bow thruster was also added. The tenders were then recabled, repiped, and all habitability spaces were renovated, and the forward hold was redesigned to increase berthing space.
1978 - Moved homeport to Governors Island, New York.
1981 - Returned to Honolulu, Hawaii.
1986 - 5 December. Rescued two people from the sailboat "Joie de Mar", which was disabled southwest of Honolulu, Hawaii.
1989 - February. Assisted after United Airlines Flight 811 accident off Hawaii.
1989-90 - MCI Ship Yard in Bellingham, Washington. Major renovations and replacement of Main Diesel Engine's and major auxiliary systems during a 7-month yard period. Removing the Cooper-Bessemer Engines and replacing with General Motors Diesel plant.
1990 - Rescued 28 crewmen from sinking Greek freighter ("Vulca") northeast of Hawaii.
1999 - Moved homeport to Apra Harbor, Guam, to replace the .
2003 - Decommissioned after 59 years of service. Transferred to the Federal Republic of Nigeria, to continue service as the Nigerian Naval Ship "Obula".
The "Sassafras" was named after a type of tree, most famous for flavoring root beer. All of the 180s were named after trees, shrubs, or flowers. This was a continuation of the longstanding Lighthouse Service practice of naming tenders after foliage found in the tender’s intended area of operations. For the 180s, however, there was no particular area of operations envisioned for individual vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="6943632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943632" title="Marcel Reuter">
Marcel Reuter

Marcel Reuter (born 25 March 1982 in Neunkirchen) is a German professional badminton player. In 2005, Reuter represented University of Saarbrücken became the champion of the European Universities Badminton Championships in men's singles event. In 2012, he won the Banuinvest International tournament in Romania.
Career highlights.
Tournament wins.
Banuinvest International 2012

</doc>
<doc id="6943633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943633" title="James McDonald (australian rules football)">
James McDonald (australian rules football)



</doc>
<doc id="6943635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943635" title="Polish exonyms in the Teschen area">
Polish exonyms in the Teschen area



</doc>
<doc id="6943644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943644" title="Northern banjo frog">
Northern banjo frog

The Northern banjo frog ("Limnodynastes terraereginae") is a species of ground-dwelling burrowing frogs native to eastern Queensland and northeastern New South Wales, Australia.
Description.
It is a large species of frog reaching 75 mm in length. It is brown above with occasional darker flecks. There is red-orange or scarlet markings in the thigh and flanks, which gives this species its other common name, the Scarlet-sided Pobblebonk. There is a dark band which runs from the snout to the shoulder. It is underlined by a raised cream to orange bar. The armpit is orange and the belly is white.
Ecology and behaviour.
It is a burrowing species and will spend time underground during dry periods. It is associated with dams, flooded areas and ditches in forest, woodland, cleared land or farmland. Males make a high pitched "bonk" call from concealed positions in water after heavy rains from October to May.
Eggs are laid in a large floating foamy mass. Tadpoles hatch about 2 to 3 days after laying. Tadpoles are very dark brown and reach 70 mm. Tadpole development takes about 70 days and metamorphs measure 20 mm and resemble the adult, however thigh colouration does not become apparent until about 1 week later.
Similar species.
It is similar to the Eastern banjo frog, from which it can be distinguished by the red thigh colouration.

</doc>
<doc id="6943651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943651" title="MATS/1.4 mine">
MATS/1.4 mine

The MATS/1.4 is a scatterable Italian circular, plastic-cased minimum metal blast-resistant anti-tank blast mine. It uses a pneumatic fuze which is resistant to shock and blast. The mine's plastic case is waterproof, and the mine can be scattered from a helicopter travelling at up to 200 km/h. The mine is normally tan-colored. The mine's main charge is relatively small, so when hand-emplaced the mine can be stacked, to increase its effect.
The mine is no longer in production.

</doc>
<doc id="6943658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943658" title="ISO Time">
ISO Time



</doc>
<doc id="6943660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943660" title="Tutenstain">
Tutenstain



</doc>
<doc id="6943662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943662" title="Department of Education (Northern Ireland)">
Department of Education (Northern Ireland)

The Department of Education (DENI) (; Ulster-Scots: "Männystrie o Lear") is a devolved Northern Irish government department in the Northern Ireland Executive. The minister with overall responsibility for the department is the Minister of Education.
Aim.
The department's overall vision is "to ensure that every learner fulfils her or his potential at each stage of development". Its key stated priorities are: raising Standards for all; closing the performance gap, increasing access and equality; developing the education workforce; improving the "learning environment"; and transforming education management.
Responsibilities.
The department is responsible for the following levels of education:
Until 2016 the former Department for Employment and Learning was responsible for further and higher education policy in Northern Ireland. Further and higher education are now the responsibility of the Department for the Economy.
The Department of Education also covers:
As an organisation, its key functions include advising the minister on the determination of education policy, framing legislation, accounting for the effectiveness of the education system, allocating, and monitoring and accounting for resources.
Through the Education and Training Inspectorate, it evaluates and reports on the quality of teaching and learning and teacher education.
Administration of the education system is delegated to a single combined authority, funded by the department:
Its main counterpart in the UK Government is the Department for Education. The main counterpart in the Irish Government is the Department of Education and Youth.
The Department also contains the Education Training Inspectorate which has responsibility for inspections for educational institutions.
History.
A Ministry of Education was established at the foundation of Northern Ireland in June 1921 and was subsequently renamed the Department of Education under direct rule, introduced in March 1972. An education ministry was also included in the Northern Ireland Executive briefly formed in 1974. The department's remit under direct rule was much wider, incorporating cultural and sport policy (now held by the Department of Culture, Arts and Leisure) and further and higher education (now held by the Department for Employment and Learning).
Following a referendum on the Belfast Agreement on 23 May 1998 and the granting of royal assent to the Northern Ireland Act 1998 on 19 November 1998, a Northern Ireland Assembly and Northern Ireland Executive were established by the United Kingdom Government under Prime Minister Tony Blair. The Department of Education (with its reduced remit) was therefore one of the six direct rule Northern Ireland departments that continued in existence after devolution, following the Northern Ireland Act 1998 and The Departments (Northern Ireland) Order 1999.
A devolved minister took office on 2 December 1999. Devolution was suspended for four periods, during which the department came under the responsibility of direct rule ministers from the Northern Ireland Office:
Since 8 May 2007, devolution has operated without interruption. On 11 January 2012, the First Minister and deputy First Minister, Peter Robinson and Martin McGuinness respectively, announced their intention to abolish the Department for Employment and Learning.
Its functions would be "divided principally" between the Department of Education and the Department of Enterprise, Trade and Investment "in an agreed manner". The proposal was resisted by the Alliance Party, which viewed it as "power grab" by the Democratic Unionist Party and Sinn Féin, but was approved on 18 January 2012. No timescale for the abolition was outlined and the department remained in operation, as of late March 2012.
From 2 December 1999 to 25 May 2016, the department was headed by Sinn Féin legislators. It was not until 25 May 2016 that the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP)'s Peter Weir became the first non-Sinn Féin politician to head the Northern Ireland Department of Education.
In 2020, the Department established the Exceptional Circumstances Body to consider applications from parents where it is claimed that a child must attend a specified post-primary school, and no other post-primary school, for exceptional reasons.
Ministers of education.
Direct rule ministers.
During the periods of suspension, the following ministers of the Northern Ireland Office/Education Secretaries of the British Department for Education were responsible for the department:

</doc>
<doc id="6943664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943664" title="Mean With Envy">
Mean With Envy



</doc>
<doc id="6943667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943667" title="Shiretown">
Shiretown



</doc>
<doc id="6943671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943671" title="Formula Renault V6 Eurocup">
Formula Renault V6 Eurocup

Formula Renault V6 Eurocup is a former type of formula racing, active from 2003 to 2004, started by Renault as a support series in Eurosport's Super Racing Weekends (ETCC and FIA GT Championship). It was a Formula Renault 3.5 that include also World Series by Renault and Formula Asia V6 by Renault.
In 2005, Renault left the Super Racing Weekend and started the World Series by Renault, organized by Renault Sport and RPM, merging both the World Series by Nissan (whose engine contract had finished) and Renault V6 Eurocup.
Race weekend.
Each starting grid is determined by a qualification session. There are two rounds in each venue. The Grand Race is between 120 km and 130 km or 45 minutes with a standing start and one compulsory pit stops, followed by the Super Sprint, between 80 and 90 km or 30 minutes with a rolling start.
Points are awarded to the first ten drivers in each race, 30 points for the winner, followed by: 24, 20, 16, 12, 10, 8, 6, 4, 2. An extra 2 points are awarded to the driver that make the pole position in each race and, only in 2003, 2 points for the fastest lap in each race.
Cars.
The series ran with Tatuus chassis carbone monocoque and a Nissan-sourced 3.5 L V6 engine. Michelin was the tyres supplier.

</doc>
<doc id="6943673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943673" title="Tutanstein">
Tutanstein



</doc>
<doc id="6943680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943680" title="Tutanstain">
Tutanstain



</doc>
<doc id="6943683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943683" title="Yusuf Ozturk">
Yusuf Ozturk



</doc>
<doc id="6943684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943684" title="Atlantooccipital membrane">
Atlantooccipital membrane

Atlantooccipital membrane can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6943685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943685" title="Willum Thor Thorsson">
Willum Thor Thorsson



</doc>
<doc id="6943687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943687" title="Waldir Saenz">
Waldir Saenz



</doc>
<doc id="6943688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943688" title="Vule Trivunovic">
Vule Trivunovic



</doc>
<doc id="6943689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943689" title="Vladimirs Kolesnicenko">
Vladimirs Kolesnicenko



</doc>
<doc id="6943692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943692" title="Ángel Hernandez">
Ángel Hernandez



</doc>
<doc id="6943693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943693" title="Vladimir Gluscevic">
Vladimir Gluscevic



</doc>
<doc id="6943695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943695" title="Sgùrr na Banachdaich">
Sgùrr na Banachdaich

Sgùrr na Banachdaich (Gaelic for "smallpox peak"), also spelt Sgurr na Banachdich in English, is a peak in the Cuillin mountains on the Isle of Skye, Scotland. It reaches a height of , making it a Munro; standing at the western edge of the Cuillin ridge, it is the most westerly of the Munros.
The ascent from Glen Brittle via Coire nan Eich is one of the easiest routes to a major summit in the Cuillin, as the use of hands is not strictly required if following the main route, though it is a rough and sometimes steep walk and routefinding can be difficult if descending this route in poor visibility. All other approaches require scrambling; the other main route from Glen Brittle is via the spur of Sgùrr nan Gobhar, which involves ascending very steep scree before traversing its narrow ridge. The remaining approaches are via the main Cuillin ridge from neighbouring peaks or passes, with the South Ridge providing attractive scrambling over several subsidiary peaks.
Its name is said to refer to the marked, or pitted, appearance of the rocks in Coire na Banachdaich, the corrie below the peak.

</doc>
<doc id="6943696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943696" title="Obliqui capitis superiores">
Obliqui capitis superiores



</doc>
<doc id="6943699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943699" title="Baron Cocks of Hartcliffe">
Baron Cocks of Hartcliffe



</doc>
<doc id="6943700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943700" title="Claudia Rivero">
Claudia Rivero

Claudia Rivero Modenesi (born 28 November 1986 in Lima) is a Peruvian badminton player. She won the bronze medal in the singles and mixed doubles category at the 2007 and the 2011 Pan American Games. Rivero represented her country at the 2008 and the 2012 Olympic Games. She was the champion in the women's singles and doubles at the 2008 Pan Am Badminton Championships in Lima, Peru.
Achievements.
Pan American Games.
"Women's singles"
"Mixed doubles"
Pan Am Championships.
"Women's singles"
"Women's doubles"
South American Games.
"Women's singles"
"Women's doubles"
"Mixed doubles"
Pan Am Junior Championships.
"Girls' singles"
"Girls' doubles"
BWF International Challenge/Series.
"Women's singles"
"Women's doubles"
"Mixed doubles"

</doc>
<doc id="6943701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943701" title="Occipito-atlantal membrane">
Occipito-atlantal membrane



</doc>
<doc id="6943702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943702" title="Angel Hernández">
Angel Hernández



</doc>
<doc id="6943703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943703" title="Nutcracker oesophagus">
Nutcracker oesophagus



</doc>
<doc id="6943706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943706" title="Oesophageal motility study">
Oesophageal motility study



</doc>
<doc id="6943707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943707" title="Western Welsh">
Western Welsh

Western Welsh was a Welsh bus operating company, based in Cardiff covering South Wales and the northern parts of the West Country. Formed in 1920, it was nationalised when the BET Group sold their bus interests to the Transport Holding Company in 1967. From 1969 W.W. became a part of the National Bus Company and several years later was a component of the newly formed, but ill-fated, National Welsh operation.
Established in 1920 in Cardiff by a brewing family, South Wales Commercial Motors grew by acquisition, eventually operating bus services in South Wales as far west as St David's and Tenby in Pembrokeshire, and as far north as Brecon via the South Wales Valleys. In 1927, the company came to an agreement with the Great Western Railway to take over their bus services in both South Wales, and areas of southern Gloucestershire and northern Somerset surrounding Bristol and Bath. In return, the GWR took a minority share holding in the renamed Western Welsh.
In 1931, the GWR sold their bus company shareholdings to British Electric Traction, who continued expansion of the company by acquisition. As with other BET companies, Western Welsh's fleet included a significant number of AEC and Leyland types, including AEC Bridgemasters and Albion Nimbuses, all of which appeared in the company's familiar all-red livery.
Although entire UK railway network was nationalised in 1948 when they passed to the British Transport Commission, many bus services remained in private hands.
After BET sold its operations to the government, Western Welsh became part of the National Bus Company. In 1970, NBC transferred Western Welsh's operations west of Bridgend to its subsidiaries South Wales Transport and Crosville Motor Services. The company continued to operate further east until 1978, when it was merged with Red &amp; White Services to form National Welsh Omnibus Services. National Welsh was privatised in 1987, and collapsed in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="6943711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943711" title="List of children of clergy">
List of children of clergy

List of noted children of clergy is a list of notable persons concerned with individuals whose status as a child of a cleric or preacher is important, preferably critical, to their fame or significance.

</doc>
<doc id="6943713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943713" title="Tsarskoye Selo / Pushkin">
Tsarskoye Selo / Pushkin



</doc>
<doc id="6943715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943715" title="Stephen Matthews (linguist)">
Stephen Matthews (linguist)

Stephen Matthews () is a British linguist in Hong Kong. He is Emeritus Professor at the University of Hong Kong and Co-Director of the Childhood Bilingualism Research Centre at the Chinese University of Hong Kong. His specialist areas include language typology, syntax and semantics. His research interests include the word order typology of Chinese; the grammar of Chinese languages, notably Cantonese, Chaozhou and other Minnan dialects; language contact and bilingualism, with particular reference to Sinitic languages.
Career.
Matthews received his BA in Modern and Medieval Languages from the University of Cambridge, and his PhD in Linguistics from the University of Southern California.
In the 1990s, Matthews began teaching at University of Hong Kong. He has also taught at the University of Melbourne and University of Paris.
His published works often focus on Sinitic languages, including Cantonese and bilingualism in Hong Kong.
The Hong Kong Bilingual Child Language Corpus.
The Hong Kong Bilingual Child Language Corpus, which is reported in 2005 as the world's largest video-linked database of children becoming bilingual, created by Matthews and Yip, features 170 hours of audio and video files of four families raising their children bilingually in Cantonese and English. The project, which includes transcripts and searchable video and audio segments, took 10 years to compile. This database is the basis of a book, "The Bilingual Child", written by Yip and Matthews and published by Cambridge University Press in 2007, which received the Leonard Bloomfield Book Award from the Linguistic Society of America in 2009. The database focuses on children who are bilingual in English and Cantonese and who learned to speak two languages through the one-parent, one-language approach.
Personal life.
Matthews is married to linguist Virginia Yip, and has three bilingual children. An amateur musician, he has played second violin with the Hong Kong Chamber Orchestra and the SAR Philharmonic. He is an academic signatory to the Declaration of Reasonable Doubt concerning the Shakespeare Authorship Question.

</doc>
<doc id="6943716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943716" title="MATS/2 mine">
MATS/2 mine

The MATS/2 is a scatterable Italian circular, plastic-cased minimum metal blast resistant anti-tank blast mine. It uses a pneumatic fuse which is resistant to shock and blast similar to the fuse fitted to the TS-50. The mine's plastic case is waterproof, and the mine can be scattered from a helicopter traveling at up to 200 km/h using the Tecnovar DAT dispensing system. A secondary fuse well is provided in the base for the fitting of anti-handling devices.
The mine's manufacturer claims the mine is capable of disabling any armoured vehicle.
The mine is no longer in production, but is in service with the Italian army.

</doc>
<doc id="6943718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943718" title="Ben Heckendorn">
Ben Heckendorn



</doc>
<doc id="6943721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943721" title="Tsarskoe Selo / Pushkin (town)">
Tsarskoe Selo / Pushkin (town)



</doc>
<doc id="6943726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943726" title="Living It Up (British TV series)">
Living It Up (British TV series)

Living It Up was a black-and-white British sitcom starring Arthur Askey and Richard Murdoch that ran for nine episodes from 1957 to 1958. It was written by Sid Colin and Talbot Rothwell. It was made for the ITV network by Associated-Rediffusion. All nine episodes survive in the archives.
Plot.
"Living It Up" was a TV version of the BBC radio comedy "Band Waggon", and a film had also been made starring impresario Jack Hylton. In "Living It Up" Arthur Askey and Stinker were living in a flat on top of the A-R's Television House in Aldwych. Askey's daughter appeared as herself, as she had done in "Love and Kisses" in 1955. The characters would often speak directly to the studio audience, and Leila Williams, who would later become "Blue Peter's" first female presenter, made a guest appearance, as did Valentine Dyall.

</doc>
<doc id="6943727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943727" title="Baron Colnbrook">
Baron Colnbrook



</doc>
<doc id="6943728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943728" title="Department of Finance (Northern Ireland)">
Department of Finance (Northern Ireland)

The Department of Finance (DoF, , Ulster-Scots: "Männystrie o Siller") is a devolved Northern Ireland government department in the Northern Ireland Executive. The minister with overall responsibility for the department is the Minister for Finance. The incumbent Minister is John O'Dowd.
The department was previously called the Department of Finance and Personnel (DFP) before its name change on 9 May 2016.
Aim.
DoF's overall aim is to help the Northern Ireland Executive "secure the most appropriate and effective use of resources and services for the benefit of the community".
Responsibilities.
The department is responsible for the following policy areas:
Some financial matters are reserved to Westminster and are therefore not devolved: 
In addition, some matters are excepted and were not intended for devolution:
DoF's main counterparts in the United Kingdom Government are:
In the Irish Government, the main counterparts are:
Lay Observer for Northern Ireland.
The Lay Observer for Northern Ireland is an independent, special agency of the Department of Finance in Northern Ireland.
History.
A Ministry of Finance was established on the formation of Northern Ireland in June 1921. A finance ministry also existed in the 1974 Northern Ireland Executive and became known as the Department of Finance and Personnel under direct rule.
Following a referendum on the Belfast Agreement on 23 May 1998 and the granting of royal assent to the Northern Ireland Act 1998 on 19 November 1998, a Northern Ireland Assembly and Northern Ireland Executive were established by the United Kingdom Government under Prime Minister Tony Blair. The process was known as devolution and was set up to return devolved legislative powers to Northern Ireland. DFP is therefore one of six direct rule Northern Ireland departments which continued in existence after devolution in December 1999 by the Northern Ireland Act 1998 and The Departments (Northern Ireland) Order 1999.
A devolved minister first took office on 2 December 1999. Devolution was suspended for four periods, during which the department came under the responsibility of direct rule ministers from the Northern Ireland Office:
Since 8 May 2007, devolution has operated without interruption.
Ministers of Finance.
Direct rule ministers.
During the periods of suspension, the following ministers of the Northern Ireland Office were responsible for the department:

</doc>
<doc id="6943729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943729" title="Tsarskoe Sel / Pushkin (town)">
Tsarskoe Sel / Pushkin (town)



</doc>
<doc id="6943731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943731" title="David Buddo">
David Buddo

David Buddo (23 August 1853 – 8 December 1937) was a New Zealand politician and member of the Liberal Party.
Early life.
Buddo was born in Edinburgh, Scotland, in 1853. His father was a surgeon with the Indian civil service. He grew up in a rural environment. He became an engineer in Perth, Scotland and came to New Zealand in c. 1874 or 1877. He married Janet Buddo (née Rollo) in 1886. His wife's cousin, Helen Ann Rollo Buddo, became an orphan in infancy and was brought up by them together with their own children. Helen Buddo married Bryan Todd.
Political career.
He was a Member of the House of Representatives, representing the Kaiapoi electorate (with two interruptions, when he was defeated) from: 1893–96, 1899–1919, and 1922–28.
He was a Cabinet minister, serving in the cabinet of Sir Joseph Ward between 1909 and 1912 as Minister of Internal Affairs and Minister of Health.
After retiring from Parliament in 1928, Buddo was appointed to the Legislative Council, and served one seven-year term from 11 June 1930 to 10 June 1937, when his term ended.
He was a member of the Lyttelton Harbour Board from 1897 to 1907.
In 1935, he was awarded the King George V Silver Jubilee Medal.
Death.
Buddo collapsed on 8 December 1937 while in the office of the Christchurch Gas, Coal and Coke Company. He died on his way to hospital. He was buried at Waimairi Cemetery. Janet Buddo survived her husband until 1945. Helen Todd survived her husband, who died in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="6943732" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943732" title="CrossFire">
CrossFire



</doc>
<doc id="6943733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943733" title="Nadine Marquand">
Nadine Marquand



</doc>
<doc id="6943738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943738" title="Bare-backed fruit bat">
Bare-backed fruit bat

The bare-backed fruit bat or Moluccan naked-backed fruit bat (Dobsonia moluccensis) is a fruit bat in the family Pteropodidae.
Taxonomy and etymology.
It was described as a new species in 1830 by Jean René Constant Quoy and Joseph Paul Gaimard who placed it in the now-defunct bat genus "Hypoderma", with the scientific name "H. moluccensis". Its relationship with "Dobsonia magna" requires further investigation. Its species name "moluccensis" means "belonging to the Moluccas," which is where the species is found.
Description.
Its fur is brown and its feet have distinctive white claws. It is smaller than the New Guinea naked-backed fruit bat. Males weigh while females weigh . Its ears are pointed, and its second digits lack claws, unlike flying foxes. Its wings attach at the back along the spine rather than along the sides of the body.
Biology and ecology.
The bare-backed fruit bat is a seasonal breeder, with the mating season from April to June. Females give birth from mid-August through November. It is found in Indonesia, East Timor, Papua New Guinea, and Australia. It has been documented from above sea level.
As of 2016, it is considered a least-concern species by the IUCN.

</doc>
<doc id="6943739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943739" title="Edward Winslow (loyalist)">
Edward Winslow (loyalist)

Edward Winslow (February 20, 1746 or 1747 – May 13, 1815) was a loyalist officer and New Brunswick judge and official.
Edward Winslow was born in Plymouth, Massachusetts in 1746 or 1747, a descendant of Mayflower Pilgrim Edward Winslow and the son of Edward Winslow (scholar). He studied at Harvard College, graduating in 1765 with an MA. After graduation, as the political tension escalated between Great Britain and its North American colonies over issues such as trade, taxation, and governance, Winslow publicly put his support behind Massachusetts Governor Thomas Hutchinson and helped create "a company of Tories" in an effort to keep the peace. By 1774, Winslow was forced to flee Plymouth, and in April 1775, as a member of the British Army, he was involved in a bloody confrontation at Lexington against the Patriot militia. In March 1776, he retreated along with the British troops to Halifax, and by July had been appointed muster master general for the Loyalist forces. (He was subsequently named in the Massachusetts Banishment Act of 1778.)
After the Patriots' victory was secured in 1783, Winslow and his fellow Loyalists were essentially reduced to the status of refugees. He moved his family to Granville in Annapolis County, Nova Scotia, but spent most of his time in Halifax making plans for the settling of Loyalists throughout Nova Scotia. Frustrated with the efforts of the Nova Scotia authorities at settling the approximately 35,000 Loyalists, Winslow began to advocate for the creation of a separate colony in the area north of the Bay of Fundy. In 1783 he was named secretary to Brigadier-General Henry Edward Fox, who was sympathetic to Winslow's proposal. The British government approved the creation of a new colony, called New Brunswick, in June 1784.
Winslow and his family spent a few months in Saint John, New Brunswick, in 1785, before moving to Fredericton. In 1787 Winslow's mother and sisters (his father Edward Sr. died in 1784 and was buried in the Old Burying Ground (Halifax, Nova Scotia)) joined them. Before his appointment to the New Brunswick Supreme Court in 1807, Winslow served in a number of government posts: surrogate general, judge of the inferior court of common pleas, muster master of the King's New Brunswick regiment, secretary to the International Boundary Commission, and deputy surveyor of the King's Woods. Despite the relative financial ease that his position with the New Brunswick Supreme Court offered him, Winslow's family endured financial hardships up until the time of his death. He died in 1815 in Kingsclear, New Brunswick.
Family.
It was during the war that Winslow met his future wife Mary Symonds, and by 1783 they had three children: Daniel Murray (1777-1814), Chipman (1778-1783) and Mary (1779-1843). Nine children followed: Penelope (1783-1836), John Francis Wentworth (1783-1859), Thomas Aston Coffin (1784-1810), Edward (1785?-1820), Hannah (b.1788?), Sarah Ann (1790-?), Christianna (1791-1814), Eliza Chipman (1794-1854), and Catherine (1799-1805).
Further reading.
Dallison, Robert L. The American Revolution and the Founding of New Brunswick. The New Brunswick Military Heritage Series, Volume 2. Fredericton: Goose Lane Editions and The New Brunswick Military Heritage Project, 2003.
William Odber Raymond. Winslow Papers A.D. 1776–1826. Saint John: New Brunswick Historical Society, 1901.
"Judge Edward Winslow." Sibley's Harvard Graduates. Ed Clifford K. Stanley. Vol 16. Cambridge MA: Harvard University Press, 1972, 274–291.
Maude Maxwell Vesey, Manuscript Biography of Edward Winslow, University of New Brunswick Archives, Fredericton New Brunswick.

</doc>
<doc id="6943742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943742" title="Australasian Performing Right Association Limited">
Australasian Performing Right Association Limited



</doc>
<doc id="6943748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943748" title="MATS/2.6 mine">
MATS/2.6 mine

The MATS/2.6 is a scatterable Italian circular, plastic-cased minimum metal blast resistant anti-tank blast mine. It is very similar to the MATS/2, except that it uses a smooth pressure plate rather than a griddle pressure plate. It uses a pneumatic fuse which is resistant to shock and blast similar to the fuze fitted to the TS-50. The mine's plastic case is waterproof, and the mine can be scattered from a helicopter.
The mine is no longer in production.

</doc>
<doc id="6943751" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943751" title="Haarlem F.C.">
Haarlem F.C.



</doc>
<doc id="6943753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943753" title="Pacifidlog Jam">
Pacifidlog Jam



</doc>
<doc id="6943764" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943764" title="English cricket team in Australia in 2006–07">
English cricket team in Australia in 2006–07

The England cricket team toured Australia from November 2006 to February 2007 for a five-match Test series that formed The Ashes, a triangular One Day International series with Australia and New Zealand, one Twenty20 International against Australia, and tour matches against Australian domestic sides and select XIs.
Australia regained the Ashes fifteen months after relinquishing them by winning the first three Test matches, sealing the series with a 206-run victory in the third Test at the WACA Ground. Australia went on to win the series 5-0, the first such Ashes whitewash since 1920-21. Australia were winners in a one-off Twenty20 International at Sydney Cricket Ground, the hosts prevailing by 77 runs. England were triumphant, however, in the Commonwealth Bank Series, beating Australia 2-0 in a best-of-three final.
Squads.
On 14 November, Marcus Trescothick left the tour due to a “recurrence of a stress-related illness”, with Ed Joyce named as his replacement. On 16 December, Ashley Giles returned home for personal reasons; Jamie Dalrymple was called up in his place.
On 18 November, Michael Clarke was brought into the Australia squad as injury cover for Shane Watson. On 8 December, Damien Martyn announced his retirement from all forms of cricket with immediate effect. Andrew Symonds and Adam Voges were brought into the team as replacements.

</doc>
<doc id="6943767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943767" title="Islam in Slovakia">
Islam in Slovakia

In 2010, there were an estimated 5,900 Muslims in Slovakia representing fewer than 0.1% of the country's population. Until 2014, Slovakia was the last EU member state without a mosque.
History.
Decades after the Hungarian defeat of Mohacs (1526) Turkish troops controlled Štúrovo (Párkány) and other parts of today's southern central Slovakia and encouraged the Protestant Christian groups while Habsburg Austrian troops occupied and recatholized the northern and western parts. Later on the Turks seized some further territories in southern central Slovakia and pillaged in territories up to Nitra. Finally, however, when the Turks lost the Battle of Vienna and the Ottoman vassal Emeric Thököly was defeated in Slovakia, between 1687 and 1699 Turkish Ottoman rule in Hungary was finally broken.
In November 2016, Slovakia passed legislation requiring religious denominations to have at least 50,000 adherents to gain state recognition, hence preventing Islam from becoming an official religion in Slovakia. In 2022, the Public Defender of Rights (ombudsperson) stated that the registration requirements were unreasonable, discriminatory, and unnecessary; the Ministry of Culture refused to initiate a legal change.
Muslim demographics.
In the 2021 census, 3,862 persons self-identified themselves as Muslim, though representatives of the Muslim community estimated their number at 6,000. Slovakia currently has seven mosques within its territory. In 2000, a dispute about the building of an Islamic center in Bratislava erupted: the capital's mayor refused such attempts of the Slovak "Islamic Waqfs Foundation".
Cordoba Culture Center in Bratislava.
The Cordoba Culture Center (Kultúrne Centrum Culture Center Córdoba) is a place of worship for Muslims in Slovakia, located on Obchodná street in Bratislava. It is the only place of Muslim worship in the country under Islamic foundation in Slovakia. The musalla or prayer room is not open for Fajr prayer and, therefore, is not officially considered a mosque. Friday sermon is held in Arabic, English, and Slovak, and starts Friday at 01:00 pm. The center is small but can hold a congregation for prayers and includes a wooden podium that is used for jumu'ah or Friday sermons. There are no decoration with elaborated patterns as it is situated in a commercial area adjacent to businesses and shops. The Kultúrne Centrum Córdoba has tried to attain an official mosque permit from the government, but had its proposal rejected.

</doc>
<doc id="6943768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943768" title="Baron Mellish">
Baron Mellish



</doc>
<doc id="6943774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943774" title="Georges Friedel">
Georges Friedel

Georges Friedel (19 July 1865 – 11 December 1933) was a French mineralogist and crystallographer.
Life.
Georges was the son of the chemist Charles Friedel. Georges' grandfather was Louis Georges Duvernoy who held the chair in comparative anatomy from 1850 to 1855 at the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle.
Georges studied at the École Polytechnique in Paris and the École Nationale des Mines in St. Etienne, and was a student of François Ernest Mallard. In 1893 he obtained a professorship at the École Nationale des Mines, of which he would later become the director. After the First World War, he returned as a professor to the University of Strasbourg in Alsace. Due to ill health, he took early retirement in 1930, and died in 1933. He was married with five children.
Scientific works.
Like his teacher Mallard, Friedel concerned himself with the theories of Auguste Bravais, the founder of crystallography. Friedel was able to demonstrate the theoretical ideas of Bravais (the Bravais lattice) with the help of X-ray diffraction experiments on crystals, and so provide the physical basis for these ideas. One of his most important discoveries was the law that now bears his name.
Friedel's salt.
In 1897, Georges Friedel synthesised and identified calcium chloroaluminate which received his name. Georges Friedel also synthesised calcium aluminate in 1903 in the framework of his work on the macles theory.
Mesomorphic states of matter.
The presumption that solid and liquid are adjacent states of matter was underscored by Friedrich Reinitzer in 1888 when he noted a cloudy mesophase of cholesteryl benzoate between 145.5 °C and 178.5 °C. The subject was taken up in Germany, and in 1907 also in France by Georges Friedel and François Grandjean, as they described the "focal conic liquid".
Friedel contributed his "Mesomorphic States of Matter" to the Annales des Physiques in 1922. This two-hundred-page work established much of the current terminology in mesophase physics. First, the "nematic phase" he characterized as having microscopic threads (these threads are today interpreted as disclinations in the director-field in the mesophase). Second, Friedel coined the term "smectic phase" for a layered mesophase having the structure of neat soap. Third, Friedel use the term "cholesteric phase" for materials like cholesteryl benzoate, and noted that such mesophases "involve strong twists around a direction normal to the positive optical axis".
Scientists have followed Friedel's classification and the term "mesophase" for the intermediate states has also been adopted from him. He was of the conviction that the term liquid crystal did not bear scrutiny. Indeed,
In 1931, Georges published, with his son Edmond Friedel, the results of their X-ray crystallography studies: "The physical properties of the mesophases in general, and their importance in a scheme of classification."

</doc>
<doc id="6943778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943778" title="Isopogon aneminifolus">
Isopogon aneminifolus



</doc>
<doc id="6943780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943780" title="Mwingi District">
Mwingi District

Mwingi District was a former district of Kenya, located in the now defunct Eastern Province. The district had a population of 303.828 (1999 census). Its capital was Mwingi town.
Local people are mostly of the Akamba tribe. North of Mwingi town, is the Mwingi National Reserve (formerly Kitui North National Reserve), which borders Meru National Park and Kora National Park.
The district had two electoral constituencies, Mwingi North and Mwingi South. Kalonzo Musyoka, a prominent politician is from Mwingi.
In 2010, due to the promulgation of new constitution the district was merged into Kitui County.

</doc>
<doc id="6943785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943785" title="Bruach na Frìthe">
Bruach na Frìthe

Bruach na Frìthe is one of the principal summits on the Black Cuillin ridge, on the Isle of Skye, Scotland. Like the rest of the range it is composed of gabbro, a rock with excellent grip for mountaineering. The Bruach cannot be seen in the popular view from Sligachan - the right hand peak which is often mistaken for it is the lower Sgurr a' Bhasteir.
This is one of the easiest and probably the most ascended of the main Black Cuillin peaks, requiring no scrambling ability. The simplest route ascends via Fionn Coire, though the slightly harder Northwest Ridge is also a popular route. All routes cross steep ground and scree.
The summit is one of the best viewpoints in the Cuillin. Though not the highest peak in the range, it is the only one to have an Ordnance Survey pillar.

</doc>
<doc id="6943790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943790" title="Manfred Siebald">
Manfred Siebald

Manfred Siebald (born 26 October 1948 at Alheim-Baumbach) is a German singer-songwriter and lecturer in American studies in Mainz.
Siebald is best known as a Christian singer-songwriter, who writes and speaks on contemporary worship music. His songs of the genre Neues Geistliches Lied (NGL) have gained a firm place in the songbooks of many different Christian denominations and are sung in fellowships and youth groups throughout Germany.
Artistic and musical career.
As a child Manfred Siebald learned to play several musical instruments, including the violin, the viola and the piano. Along with his studies at the University of Marburg he took instruction in harmonisation and singing. As early as 1970 he was conducting the Youth for Christ Choir and singing in the Christ Singers. He also brought out his first single – "Meinst du wirklich, es genügt?" – at that time. In 1972 he published his first solo album, entitled "Da steh ich nun". Siebald gained an international following with his performances at Eurofest '75, the international youth conference and evangelistic crusade which was organized by the Billy Graham organisation in Brussels. Siebald has often been compared with the singer-songwriter Reinhard Mey for his style, and sometimes with Graham Kendrick for his influence on Christian music in his country.
Over time he has become the most well-known German Christian singer songwriter, and has influenced many others. This is demonstrated, among other things, by the release of the album "In deinem Haus – A Tribute to Manfred Siebald" in 2003, consisting of reinterpretations of some of Siebald's best-loved songs by other well-known Christian musicians (such as Michael Janz from the group Beatbetrieb). The album was arranged by Florian Sitzmann and produced by Arne Kopfermann.
Siebald also translates English songs and writes lyrics for other singers. For example, he wrote all the lyrics for Cae Gauntt's album "Welt von 1000 Wegen". He is frequently asked to write a theme song for special meetings or conferences. This was the case when he wrote "Von deinen Worten können wir leben" (We Can Live Off Your Words) for "The Year of the Bible" in 1992. To date Siebald has penned about 350 songs, produced 19 albums and published seven poetry books.
Manfred Siebald performs about thirty concerts annually, accompanying himself on various acoustic guitars. For this he travels all over Germany and abroad. For his concerts abroad, including the US, South Africa, and Sri Lanka, he has produced English versions of his songs.
Academic career.
In 1967, Siebald graduated from secondary school in Kassel. While on tour in America with the German Youth for Christ Choir, he studied at Manchester College, North Manchester, Indiana, in 1969. He then read German and English philology at Philipps University of Marburg. He trained to be a secondary school teacher of English and German, taking his first state diploma examination in 1972. After his marriage in 1973, he paused his studies for three years, completing his teacher training by taking the second state examination in 1976.
In 1977, he did a PhD in American studies at the Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz. His dissertation dealt with the topic "Auflehnung im Werk Herman Melvilles" – "Rebellion in Herman Melville's Novels". In 1983, he was made assistant professor (tenured) for American studies at Johannes Gutenberg University and continued his academic work after completion of his PhD. He interrupted his work at Mainz by taking sabbaticals at Wheaton College (Illinois) (Clyde S. Kilby Professor in 1992) and guest professor at Georgia State University in Atlanta (1996 and 1997). In the first year (1996), Siebald produced the monograph "Der verlorene Sohn in der amerikanischen Literatur" – "The Prodigal Son in American Literature" – which was published in 2003. He was made associate professor in American studies in Mainz in 2002 and has remained there to the present.
Other activities.
Manfred Siebald is curator of the Faith and Science Institute of the Studentenmission in Deutschland (SMD), the German equivalent of the Universities and Colleges Christian Fellowship (UCCF). In 1979, the nationwide television special "Whether My Songs Are Loud or Soft" was broadcast about his work. The same year, he co-founded the Christian arts group Das Rad (The Wheel) in Wetzlar, together with about 50 other Christians also working in the arts.
He is married to a doctor, Christine Siebald (née Stossberg), and they have a son, Benjamin, born in 1984.
In 2008, President Horst Köhler awarded him and his wife the Federal Cross of Merit for their tireless charity work both at home and abroad.
Publications.
For an extensive list of the academic publications see 

</doc>
<doc id="6943797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943797" title="Karwa chauth">
Karwa chauth



</doc>
<doc id="6943798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943798" title="Ancient Diocese of Odense">
Ancient Diocese of Odense

The former Diocese of Odense () was a Roman Catholic diocese in Denmark which included the islands of Funen, Langeland, Tåsinge, Lolland, Falster, Als, and Ærø. Its episcopal see was located in Odense at St. Canute's Cathedral.
The diocese was founded before 988. At the time, it was disputed as suffragan between the archdioceses of Hamburg-Bremen and Canterbury. In 1104, it became suffragan of the Metropolitan Archbishop of Lund, along with the other dioceses in Denmark. The diocese dissolved during the Protestant Reformation in 1536. Its region was eventually absorbed by the Diocese of Funen within the Church of Denmark.
Diocesan history.
The diocese was founded sometime between 965 and 988. Over the course of its history there were at least 29 successive Bishops of Odense. It is possible there were more, as few records exist prior to the 12th century and there were multiple instances where the position was vacant. Even for those whose names are known, the exact dates of their accession and resignation are uncertain.
The missionary Odinkar Hvide is said to have preached on Funen at the time the diocese was established, though there is little record to confirm that he was officially the diocese's bishop. The first recorded Bishop of Odense, Reginbert, was an Englishman consecrated by Archbishop Alnoth of Canterbury ca. 1020. He was succeeded by Gilbert, a clerk of Bremen. After Gilbert's death in 1072, the diocese was vacant and subject to the Bishop of Roskilde until the appointment of an English Benedictine monk named Hubald ca. 1082.
The diocese's first church was erected in Odense and dedicated to Saint Mary. Around 1075, King Canute IV presented the diocese's cathedral, which was then under construction, with the relics of Saint Alban and Saint Oswald. On 10 July 1086, Canute was killed during an insurrection in Odense. He was soon venerated as a saint within the diocese and his remains were exhumed in April 1095 as relics. He was officially canonized by Pope Paschal II ca. 1100. On 19 April 1101, his remains were translated by Bishop Hubald to the diocese's cathedral.
Bishop Hubald died ca. 1139, and was briefly succeeded by Bishop Herman, who died shortly thereafter. Rikulf (or "Ricolf") was then appointed as Bishop. Rikulf had been a respected nobleman before pursuing an ecclesiastical career, having supported King Eric III in a war of succession. During his time as bishop, the diocese was ravaged by the Danish Civil Wars. Rikulf is stated to have died in 1162 or 1163, and was succeeded around the same time by the provost at St. Alban's Church, Live. Bishop Live either died or was removed from power due to reformatory disputes some time before 1170. 
Odense was once one of the wealthiest dioceses in Denmark and had strong ties to the aristocracy. During his time as bishop, Jens Andersen Beldenak came into conflict with the aristocracy, perhaps because he was the only bishop in Denmark at the time who had not been born into the nobility. As a result of these conflicts with the ruling class, he was temporarily imprisoned and eventually forced to resign in 1529. His successor, Knud Henrikssen Gyldenstjerne, was formerly the Dean of Viborg. Gyldenstjerne's election as bishop was controversially never confirmed by the pope.
Prior to the Reformation, the diocese oversaw a number of monasteries, convents, and abbeys within its domain, including Holme Abbey. These establishments followed a variety of monastic traditions. Their orders included: Augustinian Canons, Benedictines, Cistercians, Franciscans, Dominicans, Carmelites, Poor Clares, and Bridgettines. The diocese also oversaw hospitals in Odense, Assens, Faaborg and Nakskov, and a Commandery of the Knights of St. John in Odense.
Protestant reformation.
In 1532, the Protestant reformer Jørgen Sadolin was permitted to preach his agenda in Odense. Sadolin served as an assistant to the then Catholic Bishop of Odense, Knud Henrikssen Gyldenstjerne, which suggests that he was sympathetic or complicit to the reformers. A later document from King Christian III which denounced the Catholic Bishops deposed during the Reformation in Denmark was notably lenient towards Gyldenstjerne, saying that he was neither "significantly evangelical or papist, nor ecclesiastical or secular." Despite this, Bishop Gyldenstjerne was briefly imprisoned when the catholic diocese was dissolved in 1536. He was released in 1537 on the condition that he conform to the newly established lutheran church.
With the establishment of the Protestant Church of Denmark, the diocese was replaced by the Diocese of Funen and Jørgen Sadolin was designated as the new Protestant Bishop. The former Catholic dioceses in Denmark, including the bishopric of Odense, were never reestablished. Instead, the new Catholic missionary clergy in Denmark were made part of the Apostolic Vicariate of Northern Missions, which was established on 7 July 1868. In 1869, this vicariate was demoted as Apostolic Prefecture of Denmark. On 15 March 1892 it was promoted as Apostolic Vicariate of Denmark. Finally on April 29, 1953 it was promoted as exempt Diocese of Copenhagen, which includes the Danish territories of Greenland and the Faroe Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="6943799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943799" title="Department of Health (Northern Ireland)">
Department of Health (Northern Ireland)

The Department of Health (DoH, , , ) is a devolved Northern Irish government department in the Northern Ireland Executive. The minister with overall responsibility for the department is the Minister of Health.
Until 9 May 2016, the department was previously called the Department of Health, Social Services and Public Safety ().
Aim.
DoH's overall aim and mission is to "improve the health and social well-being of the people of Northern Ireland."
The department launched a new digital strategy in August 2022. It includes the Encompass programme which will create a unified health and care record for the province.
Responsibilities.
The Minister, assisted by the department, makes policy and legislation in three broad areas:
Some sensitive health policy issues are reserved to Westminster and are therefore not devolved:
In Northern Ireland, abortion law is a criminal justice matter and is devolved.
DoH's main counterparts in the United Kingdom Government are:
In the Irish Government, its main counterparts are:
Health and Social Care organisations.
The Health and Social Care system in Northern Ireland consists of the following public bodies:
Northern Ireland-wide
Sub-regional health and social care trusts
History.
Health policy in Northern Ireland was originally a responsibility of local government and the Ministry of Home Affairs, which (similarly to the Home Office) retained responsibility for policy areas not delegated to other ministries.
A separate Ministry of Health and Local Government was established in June 1944, as part of the welfare state. In January 1965, that department was divided between the Ministry of Development and the Ministry of Health and Social Services.
The latter ministry was renamed as the Department of Health and Social Services under direct rule, introduced in March 1972. A health and social services ministry was also included in the Northern Ireland Executive briefly established in 1974. The department was responsible for social security policy and its initials DHSS are still used locally to describe benefits and benefit claimants.
Following a referendum on the Belfast Agreement on 23 May 1998 and the granting of royal assent to the Northern Ireland Act 1998 on 19 November 1998, a Northern Ireland Assembly and Northern Ireland Executive were established by the United Kingdom Government under Prime Minister Tony Blair.
In December 1999, the Department of Health and Social Services was renamed as the Department of Health, Social Services and Public Safety. It gained responsibility for the Northern Ireland Fire Brigade from the Department of the Environment but ceded social security to the Department for Social Development. DHSSPS was therefore one of the six direct rule Northern Ireland departments to continue in existence following devolution, following the Northern Ireland Act 1998 and The Departments (Northern Ireland) Order 1999.
A devolved minister took office on 2 December 1999. Devolution was suspended for four periods, during which the department came under the responsibility of direct rule ministers from the Northern Ireland Office:
Since 8 May 2007, devolution has operated without interruption.
Ministers of Health.
Direct rule ministers.
During the periods of suspension, the following ministers of the Northern Ireland Office were responsible for the department:

</doc>
<doc id="6943801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943801" title="Carbonyl compounds">
Carbonyl compounds



</doc>
<doc id="6943805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943805" title="RAIA Gold Medal">
RAIA Gold Medal



</doc>
<doc id="6943807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943807" title="Anti-miscegenation law">
Anti-miscegenation law



</doc>
<doc id="6943808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943808" title="MGP-31 mine">
MGP-31 mine

The MGP-31 is a scatterable Peruvian circular, plastic cased minimum metal blast resistant anti-tank blast mine. The mine has a central domed pressure plate, and a ribbed edge. It will function upside down. Little is known about the mine, and it is believed to be in service with the Peruvian armed forces. 

</doc>
<doc id="6943810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943810" title="Islam in Macedonia">
Islam in Macedonia



</doc>
<doc id="6943815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943815" title="GTPase Activating Protein">
GTPase Activating Protein



</doc>
<doc id="6943816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943816" title="Dorsal ramus">
Dorsal ramus



</doc>
<doc id="6943825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943825" title="Ren And Stimpy The Movie">
Ren And Stimpy The Movie



</doc>
<doc id="6943828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943828" title="Andrey Dundukov">
Andrey Dundukov

Andrey Dundukov (; born 12 November 1966) is a Soviet/Russian Nordic combined skier who competed from 1985 to 1992. He won two medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships with silver in the 15 km individual (1989) and a bronze in the 3x10 km team (1987).
Dundukov finished 12th in the individual event at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary. He won the Nordic combined event at the 1990 Holmenkollen ski festival and earned one additional career victory in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="6943829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943829" title="Poison Darnel">
Poison Darnel



</doc>
<doc id="6943830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943830" title="Awudu Issaka">
Awudu Issaka

Awudu Issaka (born 26 June 1979) is a Ghanaian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Club career.
Issaka was born in Sunyani. He started playing football at the youth teams of Asante Kotoko, before he moved to Prampram Mighty Royals FC in Ghana's second division, where he already played for the first team at the age of fifteen. In 1995, soon after the FIFA World Youth Championship, Issaka signed a contract at the Belgian club R.S.C. Anderlecht, where he mainly played for their youth team. Issaka caught the eye of the French club AJ Auxerre, in 1996 at a youth tournament. Soon after that he agreed to play for Auxerre, where he played until 1998. In the 1998–99 season Issaka moved to German Bundesliga club TSV 1860 Munich, where he played until the 2003–04 season. Then he played for his former club Prampram Mighty Royals FC for the rest of the 2004–05 season. Issaka later moved to Liberty Professionals, and played the 2005–06 season in the Ghana Telecom Premier League in Ghana. In July 2006 Issaka, joined the newly promoted Ghana Telecom Premier League club Tema Youth.
International career.
He played for the Ghana under-17 team in the FIFA World Youth Championship in 1995 in Ecuador. Issaka also took part in the FIFA World Youth Championship 1997 in Malaysia, where Ghana finished on fourth position.

</doc>
<doc id="6943834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943834" title="Grand Companies">
Grand Companies



</doc>
<doc id="6943835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943835" title="Outside (Ender's Game)">
Outside (Ender's Game)



</doc>
<doc id="6943842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943842" title="Saint Salom">
Saint Salom



</doc>
<doc id="6943846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943846" title="Poison darnel">
Poison darnel



</doc>
<doc id="6943850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943850" title="Creation Fest, Woolacombe, Devon">
Creation Fest, Woolacombe, Devon



</doc>
<doc id="6943860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943860" title="Aleksandr Goremykin">
Aleksandr Goremykin

Aleksandr Borisovich Goremykin (; born 3 March 1971), also known as Aleksandr Sokolov (), is a Soviet-Russian former track and field sprinter who specialized in the 200 metres. He competed at two editions of the World Championships in Athletics: first for the Soviet Union in 1991, where he placed eighth in the 200 m final and seventh in the 4 × 100 metres relay with the Soviet team, then at the 1995 World Championships in Athletics for Russia, where he ran in qualifying only individually and in the relay. He set his 200 m personal best at the 1991 championships, running 20.36 seconds in the quarter-finals.
Goremykin won three senior international medals. He was a silver medallist in the 4 × 100 metres relay at the 1991 European Cup for the Soviet Union, the bronze medallist in the 200 m for the Commonwealth of Independent States team at the 1992 European Athletics Indoor Championships, and the 200 m bronze medallist for Russia at the 1995 European Cup. He was a three-time national champion in the 200 m, winning at the 1991 Soviet Athletics Championships and in 1992 and 1995 at the Russian Athletics Championships.
As a junior athlete he set a championship record time of 20.47 seconds to win the 200 m at the 1990 World Junior Championships in Athletics and also anchored a team including Sergejs Inšakovs, Konstantin Gromadskiy and Vitaliy Semyonov to the 4 × 100 metres relay silver medal behind the United States.
He is one of the current national record holders in 4 × 100 metres relay with 38.46 seconds, achieved at the 1990 European Athletics Championships in Split, Croatia.
He mostly competed under the name Goremykin prior to 1992 and as Sokolov thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="6943863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943863" title="List of Pokemon Characters">
List of Pokemon Characters



</doc>
<doc id="6943864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943864" title="River Glenderamackin">
River Glenderamackin

The River Glenderamackin, the Glendermackin or Glendermackin Beck is a watercourse in Cumbria, England. It is a headstream of the Greta.
The river rises on Mungrisdale Common north of Blencathra and drains much of the eastern and southern sides of the mountain.
The river runs east, then north before sharply turning south at the village of Mungrisdale, skirting almost all around the bottom of Souther Fell.
Latterly, the river turns west to the north of Hutton Moor End and the Trout Beck joins it at Wolt Bridge to the south of Lowside. Not too far away it is soon swelled again by the waters of Mosedale Beck next to Dobson's Bridge. The Glenderamackin continues past Threlkeld, at which point it conjoins with St. John's Beck to form the River Greta.
Toponymy.
The name "Glenermakan" is recorded from 1278. The spelling "Glendermakin" is described in 1777. "Glendermackin-beck" is cited in 1778.
Etymology.
The name "Glenderamackin" is of Brythonic derivation and is cognate with the Welsh "glyndwfr y mochyn", meaning 'the river valley (glyndwfr) of the pig (mochyn)'.
This etymology is supported by the etymology of Mungrisdale, through which the river flows, featuring the same meaning from Norse.
The 'glendera' element is also present in the name of Glenderaterra Beck, which joins the River Greta shortly after its source.

</doc>
<doc id="6943867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943867" title="Dreamland (Joni Mitchell album)">
Dreamland (Joni Mitchell album)

Dreamland is a compilation album by Canadian singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell, released in 2004 by Rhino. The songs for the album were selected by the singer herself. The booklet contains an essay by Cameron Crowe on Mitchell's career and several paintings by Joni Mitchell. , the album has sold 78,000 copies in the US.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Joni Mitchell; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="6943870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943870" title="Eastern tube-nosed bat">
Eastern tube-nosed bat

The eastern or Queensland tube-nosed bat (Nyctimene robinsoni) is a megabat in the family Pteropodidae that lives in north-eastern Australia. "N. robinsoni" is one of the few species of megabat that roosts solitarily. They get their common name from their raised tubular nostrils which are unlike those of most other species in the family. They are a deep brown with gray heads and sparse yellow spotting.
Taxonomy.
The first description of the species was published by Oldfield Thomas in 1904, distinguishing the new taxon by comparison to the species "Nyctimene major" described by George Edward Dobson in 1877. Thomas examined two specimens, nominating a male as the type, these were obtained by Herbert C. Robinson in Cooktown. The synonymy of "N. robinsoni" includes "Nyctimene tryoni" and the separation of the Australian population recognised as "Nyctimene albiventer", the common tube-nosed fruit-bat which occurs at the island states north of Australia. "Nyctimene robinsoni" is allied to the "cephalotes"-group of the genus.
The common name Queensland tube-nosed bat was noted by Ronald Strahan as the only vernacular for the species, where the range of species was thought to be restricted, the name eastern tube-nosed bat was later applied by the Australian Museum, Menckhurst, the IUCN and other authorities.
Description.
As a species of Pteropodidae, the fruit eating bats, it is the only "Nyctimene" bat to occur on mainland Australia. They are readily distinguished by the unusual nostrils that protrude from the short, broad and rounded muzzle. The ears and wing membranes exhibit many small contrasting spots of a yellow-green or pallid yellow colour, a characteristic also observed in the Torres species "Nyctimene cephalotes". These spots are thought to serve as camouflage when the bats are resting during the day, but they have also found to be photoluminescent, a phenomenon not observed in other bat species, nor in captive specimens of the "N. robinsoni". The colour of the pelage is russet to greyish shades of brown, greyer at the face and over the head, with a dark line extending down the back from the neck. The eyes are bright red when reflecting light.
The measurements of the forearm are 65 to 70 millimetres, the head and body combined is from 82 to 93 mm and the length of the ear from base to tip is 16 to 20 mm. The average weight is 48 grams, for the recorded range of 42 to 56 grams for individuals. The dentition is adapted to its frugivorous diet, lacking lower incisors and using the lower against the upper canines to consume fruits. Vocalisation is given in flight, when they emit a highly pitched 'seep' sound.
Distribution and habitat.
The distribution range extends along the east coast of the continent, north of Lismore, New South Wales to Cape York and at the islands of the Torres Strait. They are relatively common in Queensland, becoming more rarely seen south of Ingham. The habitat includes rainforests, woodlands and heathland, and open forest. They occur at tropical and subtropical regions in rainforest or wet sclerophyll forest. tropical vine forest or heath.
Behaviour.
The tube-nosed bat, like other bats in the family Pteropodiae, relies on its sight and smell to locate food, which mostly consists of figs and other rainforest fruits. Flowers and their nectar or pollen are also consumed. "Nyctimene robinsoni" is also known to eat cultivated exotic fruit, and have been observed eagerly feeding on guava. Nectar also forms part of the diet, obtained from flowering heathland plants and species of "Banksia". The species appears to favour native species over introduced orchard fruits, and travel just a short distance to feed at trees such as "Ficus racemosa", the cluster fig.
It is one of 14 tube-nosed bat species worldwide, and has the most southerly distribution of them all.
The species reproduces with a single birth per year, sometime between October and December. The gestation period is three to three and one half months. The offspring is carried by the mother until it is large and well developed.
The bat's tube-shaped nostrils may assist in locating ripe fruit. The two nostrils can move independently from each other, and may be concentrating aromas and following odor plumes through the rainforest. This function is often called stereo olfaction. The unusual nostril projections were once thought to act as a snorkel, allowing them breathe while the mouth is embedded in soft fleshed fruits. This theory was contradicted in observations of the bats' diet, which is primarily firm fruits, and their method, shared by most fruit eating bats, of biting and licking fruits to consume them. The feeding activities of the species is a significant contributor to pollination of plant species, the dispersal of seeds and recruitment of trees within its forest habitats.
They are highly agile in flight and are easily able to hover while foraging. They are often observed flying along tracks in forests, sometimes at quite low altitudes, and heard when emitting their whistling calls. The habit of roosting alone, unusual amongst fruit bats, is occasionally extended to small groups. The spotted wings are wrapped around the body at their daytime roosts, as they hang alone in dense foliage. This provides the species with effective camouflage in the dappled forest light.
"N. Robinsoni" exhibits signs of lunar phobia, as their body temperature is lowered to near-resting levels during full-mooned nights. This may be because they expend less energy when flying on full-mooned nights since fruit is easier to see. Conversely, they may be less active so as to avoid visually oriented predators at night.
When held in captivity they are able to subsist on pears, bananas, pawpaw and citrus fruits. They do not appear to drink water.
Conservation.
The species is listed with the conservation status least concern by the Queensland state government, where it is more common, and vulnerable in New South Wales. They have been identified as especially vulnerable to the hazards presented by barbed wire, an often fatal encounter for any bat species. A survey in the aftermath of a single storm event, Cyclone Larry (2006), found sixteen individuals had become entangled in barbed wire fencing at the Atherton Tableland. "N. Robinsoni" has also come into conflict with orchardists, and entanglement in netting over fruit tees has led to death by starvation.
References.
Alexander Riek, Gerhard Körtner, Fritz Geiser
Journal of Experimental Biology 2010 213: 2557-2564; doi: 10.1242/jeb.043182

</doc>
<doc id="6943871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943871" title="Posterior arch of atlas">
Posterior arch of atlas



</doc>
<doc id="6943875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943875" title="Jacopo Bertoia">
Jacopo Bertoia

Jacopo Bertoia, also known as Giacomo Zanguidi or Jacopo Zanguidi or Bertoja, (1544 – ca. 1574), was an Italian painter of a late-Renaissance or Mannerist style that emerged in Parma towards the end of the 16th century.
He was strongly influenced by Parmigianino.
Born in Parma, he apparently studied in Bologna with Sabatini. His masterpiece is the "Sala del Bacio", in the Palazzo del Giardino in Parma. He also helped decorate the "Sala di Orfeo" in the same palace.
In Rome, he was part of the team that frescoed the walls of the Oratorio del Gonfalone in Rome, painting the panel depicting the "Entry of Christ into Jerusalem". He was commissioned by Cardinal Alessandro Farnese in 1572–1573 to paint galleries ("Sale del Giudizio", "della Penitenza", "dei Sogni", as well as the "Anticamera degli Angeli") of the Villa Farnese in Caprarola, where he replaced the role of Taddeo Zuccari. He had earlier worked in Caprarola with Federico Zuccari in 1574, painting in the "Sala di Ercole".

</doc>
<doc id="6943876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943876" title="Gendarmerie National">
Gendarmerie National



</doc>
<doc id="6943877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943877" title="MAT.84-F5 mine">
MAT.84-F5 mine

The MAT.84-F5 is a Chilean, plastic cased, minimum metal anti-tank blast mine. The mine has a small central pressure plate on the top of the case which is made from 3 mm thick, olive green, high-impact plastic. The mine is armed before it is laid by unscrewing a safety plug from the side of the mine. The mine is believed to be in service with the Chilean armed services.

</doc>
<doc id="6943883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943883" title="POPSCO">
POPSCO



</doc>
<doc id="6943885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943885" title="Shane Huffman">
Shane Huffman

Shane S. Huffman (born December 30, 1973) is an American professional former stock car racing driver and current crew chief and team manager for Pinnacle Racing Group, which fields the No. 28 Chevrolet SS full-time in the ARCA Menards Series, and part-time in the ARCA Menards Series East and ARCA Menards Series West.
As a crew chief, he won the 2020 ARCA Menards Series championship crew chiefing Bret Holmes' No. 23 car for Holmes' family-owned team. As a driver, he competed in that series in 2000 when it was known as the ARCA Bondo/Mar-Hyde Series as well as in what is now the NASCAR Xfinity Series in 2001 and from 2006 to 2008 and in the NASCAR Truck Series in 2006 and 2007.
Huffman is notable for being one of the first drivers for Dale Earnhardt Jr.'s JR Motorsports team during the team's early years. He drove their No. 88 United States Navy-sponsored car in what was then the Busch Series for parts of 2006 and 2007. When he was released by JRM halfway through 2007, his replacement was Brad Keselowski, who would go to on to win dozens of races in the series and the championship in 2010 as well as win the 2012 NASCAR Cup Series championship and dozens of Cup Series races.
Racing career.
Driving career.
Huffman began his racing career at Hickory Motor Speedway in late model stock car racing. In 1996, he won the Limited Late Model Series championship. In 1999 he won the late model track championship, the Blue Ridge Regional Championship, and was the runner-up for the NASCAR Winston Racing Series Champion.
In 2000, he moved up to the USAR Hooters Pro Cup. After posting no top-ten finishes in his rookie year on the circuit, he won his first career race at Coastal Plains Speedway in 2001. That same season, he made his NASCAR Busch Series debut at Richmond, driving the No. 77 Jennie-O Ford Taurus for Moy Racing. He started 40th and finished 24th, three laps down.
After a winless 2002, Huffman won five races and was both the champion of USAR's national points standings, as well as the Southern Division. He repeated his Southern Division title in 2005. Huffman has 28 wins in 133 starts in USAR – the 2nd most wins in the USAR series history. Huffman holds the record with most poles in USAR history at 26.
Huffman had three wins in USAR in 2006 driving the No. 88 Champion Chevy for JR Motorsports. He made his first Busch start that year driving the No. 83 Make-A-Wish Foundation Chevy for at Gateway International Raceway in a JR Motorsports car prepared by NEMCO Motorsports. Following the release of regular 88 driver Mark McFarland, Huffman shared the driving duties of the 88 for the rest of the season with Robby Gordon and Martin Truex Jr.
He started the 2007 Busch season in the No. 88 car. On July 3, 2007, Dale Earnhardt Jr. released Huffman from driving the No. 88 Navy Chevy for JR Motorsports. He went on to compete part-time in the Truck Series with Curtis Key Motorsports in 2007.
Huffman returned to Nationwide racing on July 4, 2008, driving the No. 31 car for Stanton Barrett Motorsports in the Winn-Dixie 250 at Daytona International Speedway. He started 21st and was able to lead 2 laps (17 and 18) when he remained on the track after a lap 14 caution caused by the spinning No. 22 car driven by Josh Wise. When the green flag dropped on lap 17 Huffman was able to hold off a charge by his ex-boss, Dale Earnhardt Jr. After 2 laps he was passed by Earnhardt and remained in the top 10 for one more lap before falling back in the pack. Huffman eventually finished in 41st position, 82 laps down.
Crew chiefing career.
2007–2016.
After he was released from his ride with JR Motorsports midway through the 2007 season, Huffman joined Rusty Wallace Racing as a car chief for Steve Wallace before moving to the Truck Series.
In 2014, he was the crew chief for Brandon Jones at Turner Scott Motorsports in his full-time ride in the K&amp;N Pro Series East (No. 33 car) as well as his part-time rides in the Truck (No. 33) and ARCA Series (No. 4 car). At the very end of the year, he and Jones joined GMS Racing when Jones' No. 33 team was sold by TSM due to the team's financial problems. He continued to work as crew chief of the No. 33 truck when it became full-time in 2015 with Jones and the Dillon brothers until his suspension from the final two Truck races, where he subsequently left the team entirely.
The following year, Huffman returned from his suspension and joined Red Horse Racing where he crew chiefed Timothy Peters' No. 17 truck.
2017–2018: MDM Motorsports.
In 2017, Huffman moved to MDM Motorsports and their No. 99 truck, where he reunited with Jones and the Dillons (all three of whom were driving the truck part-time) and later Peters too (after Red Horse closed down during the season). The other drivers in the truck that he got to crew chief that year were Tommy Joe Martins, Travis Miller, Bubba Wallace, Brian Wong, Cale Gale, and Dalton Sargeant.
On August 12, he got his first win as a crew chief in the LTi Printing 200 at Michigan with Wallace driving. In 2018, MDM decided to downsize their Truck operation and expand their ARCA team, and Huffman became the crew chief for the part-time No. 12 car driven by Harrison Burton and Brandon Jones. At the start of the season, he remained the crew chief of the No. 99 truck whenever it was entered, the first race being at the spring Martinsville race with Tyler Matthews. However, in the other three races the truck ran that year (Eldora with Sheldon Creed and the fall Martinsville race and Phoenix with Chase Purdy), Jeff Stankiewicz was the crew chief of the No. 99 instead.
2019–2022: Bret Holmes Racing.
After MDM shut down in 2019, Huffman moved to Bret Holmes Racing to crew chief driver-owner Bret Holmes' No. 23 car. Although they did not win a race that year, they finished third in the standings, a career-best for Holmes. Huffman returned to crew chief Holmes in 2020 and they won the championship together that year. He continued to crew chief for BHR in 2021 which added a part-time Truck Series team that year. Holmes, Sam Mayer and Ty Dillon drove the No. 32 truck with Huffman as crew chief. The team's No. 23 ARCA car which he crew chiefed only ran part-time with Holmes and Mayer that year. In 2022, Huffman again crew chiefed BHR's No. 23 car and No. 32 truck which were both part-time again and driven by Holmes and Connor Mosack. Huffman and Holmes came close to winning both the ARCA and Truck Series races at Talladega (Holmes' home track) that year but finished second and third, respectively.
2023–present: Pinnacle Racing Group.
In 2023, Huffman would leave BHR and start his own ARCA team, Pinnacle Racing Group, with NASCAR spotter Lorin Ranier and former NASCAR driver Josh Wise. The team would field a full-time car for Luke Fenhaus the No. 28 Chevrolet, in the ARCA Menards Series East with Huffman as the crew chief. In addition, Huffman would serve as the team's general manager.
Personal life.
Huffman has a son, Landon S. Huffman, who runs in Late Model Stock Cars for Pinnacle Racing Group, the team Shane manages. 
While attending St. Stephens High School in Hickory, North Carolina, Huffman was a three-year starter for the well respected high school wrestling team (1989–1990, 1990–1991, 1991–1992). He was instrumental in helping with the success of the team; posting a career record of 59–27 at the 112 lb and 119 lb weight classes, as the team won the Big-6 3A conference championship 2 out of the 3 years he started. He also served as one of the team captains during his senior year.
To this day Huffman still ranks high on the individual records lists for the school in Single Season Near Fall Points (141), Single Season Pins (21), Single Season Team Points (181.5), Career Near Fall Points (245), Career Pins (34), Career Team Points (342), and Career Wins (59).

</doc>
<doc id="6943889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943889" title="Dan McGillis">
Dan McGillis

Daniel Stewart McGillis (born July 1, 1972) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. He played nine seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Edmonton Oilers, Philadelphia Flyers, San Jose Sharks, Boston Bruins, and New Jersey Devils. He spent the final three seasons of his career playing for Adler Mannheim of the German Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).
Playing career.
McGillis was drafted by the Detroit Red Wings in the 10th round, 238th overall in the 1992 NHL Entry Draft. After being drafted McGillis chose to play in the college ranks and played with Northeastern University for 4 years. While in college he earned Hockey East first All-Star team honors twice (1995, 1996) and an NCAA East First All-American team nomination in 1996.
During his senior season McGillis was traded by the Red Wings to the Edmonton Oilers for Kirk Maltby. After college McGillis joined the Oilers for the season and played 73 games, scoring 22 points. The following season he scored 25 points in 67 games with the Oilers before being traded to the Philadelphia Flyers. He appeared in 13 games with the Flyers, scoring 6 points.
McGillis scored a career high 49 points during the season and won the Barry Ashbee Trophy as the Flyers top defenceman. McGillis played for three different teams in the season. He started the year with the Flyers before being traded to the San Jose Sharks. After only 37 games with the Sharks McGillis was again traded, this time to the Boston Bruins. For the season McGillis scored 28 points in 80 games with the Bruins.
After the 2004–05 NHL lockout McGillis signed with the New Jersey Devils. McGillis played in only 27 games with the Devils during the season before being demoted to the Albany River Rats, the first time in his career he was demoted to the minors, due to the Devils' salary cap issues and never played another game in the NHL. For the 2006–07 season McGillis spent the entire year with the Devils' new minor league affiliate Lowell Devils, scoring 41 points in 68 games.
On September 20, 2007, McGillis accepted an invitation from the Vancouver Canucks to attend their training camp. He was released by the team on October 1. He then signed with Adler Mannheim of the German Deutsche Eishockey Liga, for which he played three seasons before retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="6943890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943890" title="Maxwell Davis">
Maxwell Davis

Thomas Maxwell Davis, Jr. (January 14, 1916 – September 18, 1970), was an American rhythm and blues saxophonist, arranger, bandleader and record producer.
Biography.
Davis was born in Independence, Kansas in 1916. In 1937, he moved to Los Angeles, California, playing saxophone in the Fletcher Henderson orchestra. After some years playing swing and jazz, he became more involved in the West Coast R&amp;B scene in the mid-1940s, becoming a regular session musician and arranger for the fast-growing independent record labels such as Aladdin. He also recorded with the Jay McShann band, featuring the blues shouter Jimmy Witherspoon. He was hired to play the soundtrack for the saxophonist part acted by Big Jay McNeely in the 1950 noir film D.O.A.. By 1952, Davis had played on numerous R&amp;B hits by Percy Mayfield, Peppermint Harris, Clarence "Gatemouth" Brown, T-Bone Walker, Amos Milburn, and others. He also arranged and played on Little Willie Littlefield's 1952 "K. C. Lovin'" for Federal Records.
In 1955, he left Aladdin and joined the Bihari brothers at Modern Records (and its subsidiaries RPM, Crown and Kent) as musical director and a producer. As the Biharis' main band leader, Davis arranged the music and found the musicians. Although his success rate started to diminish thereafter, he became regarded as an elder statesman and as "the father of West Coast R&amp;B".
"Maxwell Davis is an unsung hero of early rhythm and blues," noted the songwriter and producer Mike Stoller. "He produced, in effect, all of the record sessions for Aladdin records, Modern records, all the local independent rhythm and blues companies in the early 1950s, late 1940s in Los Angeles."
His final recording activity was in 1969, as the producer of the soul singer Z. Z. Hill.
Davis died from a heart attack, in Los Angeles, California, in September 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="6943892" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943892" title="Transverse process of the atlas">
Transverse process of the atlas



</doc>
<doc id="6943901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943901" title="Eilert Ekwall">
Eilert Ekwall

Bror Oscar Eilert Ekwall (8 January 1877 in Vallsjö – 23 November 1964 in Lund) was a Swedish academic, Professor of English at Sweden's Lund University from 1909 to 1942 and one of the outstanding scholars of the English language in the first half of the 20th century. He wrote works on the history of English, but he is best known as the author of numerous important books on English place-names (in the broadest sense) and personal names.
Scholarly works.
His chief works in this area are "The Place-Names of Lancashire" (1922), "English Place-Names in -ing" (1923, new edition 1961), "English River Names" (1928), "Studies on English Place- and Personal Names" (1931), "Studies on English Place-Names" (1936), "Street-Names of the City of London" (1954), "Studies on the Population of Medieval London" (1956), and the monumental "Concise Oxford Dictionary of English Place-Names" (1936, new editions 1940, 1947/51 and the last in 1960). The "Dictionary" remained the standard national reference resource for over 40 years, and is still valuable even though some aspects of Ekwall's methodology and some of his ideas are no longer accepted. Although not a county editor of the survey conducted by the English Place-Name Society (1923-date), his philological advice was often sought and acknowledged by scholars preparing the county volumes, such as Allen Mawer and Frank Stenton. He was competent not only in English philology, but also in Scandinavian and Celtic, making him ideally qualified as an authority on linguistic aspects of the place-names of England.
His other work on English included scholarly editions of classic early-modern works such as John Jones' "Practical Phonography" of 1701 (1907), the anonymous "Writing Scholar's Companion" of 1695 (1911), and John Lydgate's "Siege of Thebes" (1930). Notable other books or booklets were that on modern English phonology and morphology originally published in German in 1914, and still being reprinted in 1965 (English edition finally after Ekwall's death, in 1975); and that on the genitive of groups, with much relevance for place-name studies (1943).
Ekwall also left behind an extensive body of influential academic articles and notes (many collected in the books of 1931 and 1936 mentioned above), local working papers of Lund University, and a very large number of book reviews, all published over a period of some 60 years, in English, Swedish and German, and mostly referenced in von Feilitzen's bibliography.
From 1935, Ekwall was a Fellow of the Swedish Academy of Letters and the Swedish Academy of Sciences. He and his wife Dagny founded a bursary for students at Lund University from the Småland region.

</doc>
<doc id="6943902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943902" title="2006 saf games">
2006 saf games



</doc>
<doc id="6943905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943905" title="Bearspaw sea">
Bearspaw sea



</doc>
<doc id="6943909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943909" title="Glenderaterra Beck">
Glenderaterra Beck

Glenderaterra Beck is a watercourse in the county of Cumbria, England.
The length of the Glenderaterra, and its major tributary Whit Beck is , which have a total catchment area of .
The beck runs from its source on Burnt Horse through the valley between Lonscale Fell and Blencathra to its confluence with the River Greta at Brundholme near Threlkeld.
Although the top of the stream from Burnt Horse is widely cited as the source of the Glenderaterra, the Royal Geographical Society and other authorities state that the source of a river is the furthest point from its mouth or confluence with the river it meets downstream, "regardless of names attached to the contributing flows." So, the source must be Roughten Gill which starts on Blencathra, under Halls Fell top and turns the corner at a delightful and well-hidden sheepfold. It is longer than the stream in Sinen Gill which in turn is longer than the Burnt Horse contributor.
On its southerly course, Glenderaterra Beck is joined by Sinen Gill and Roughten Gill, draining Blease Fell on Blencathra, and, lower down, Whit Beck, emanating from Jenkin Hill on Skiddaw.
This river is used by Geography students for A Level and GCSE field studies.

</doc>
<doc id="6943919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943919" title="Ratte">
Ratte

Ratte can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6943920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943920" title="Drew and Mike">
Drew and Mike



</doc>
<doc id="6943924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943924" title="Common blossom bat">
Common blossom bat

The common blossom bat (Syconycteris australis) also known as the southern blossom bat or Queensland blossom bat, is a megabat in the family Pteropodidae. The common blossom bat feeds mostly on nectar and pollen rather than fruit.
It is one of eight Pteropodidae species on mainland Australia. It is one of the smallest of all nectarivorous megabats.
Description.
They are small, weighing only .
Body length excluding legs is around long.
Distribution and habitat.
They are found in the Maluku Islands, Salawati, Biak, Yapen, New Guinea, the Aru Islands, the Bismarck Archipelago, Manus Island, the D'Entrecasteaux Islands, the Louisiade Archipelago, New South Wales, Australia, and eastern Queensland, Australia. They range from above sea level. They are found in upland tropical rainforests and the Littoral Rainforests of New South Wales.
Behaviour.
They roost singly or in small groups, which makes estimating population based on visual observation difficult. They generally roost in the rainforest subcanopy. They may change roosts daily however (when food was available) distances between subsequent roosts in NSW were short (average 42m at Iluka or 125m at Harrington).
They are probably important pollinators, as they carry six times as much pollen as birds while also traveling further in a night. The bumpy satinash tree is an important food source for this species in North Queensland, as 95% of all pollen observed on their fur comes from this species on bats caught near flowering trees. Their home ranges are . When foraging, they prefer to fly along riparian zones. 
Because their energy demands are high and the energy content of a single flower is low, they must visit the equivalent of 36-48 coast banksia flowers every night. To meet their energy requirements, they are active for a large proportion of the night. During the full moon, they will delay their departure from their roosts. This suggests that they are afraid of predators such as owls that hunt by sight. Other potential predators include goannas and arboreal snakes. Domestic cats are known to capture and injure them. They will enter torpor when food availability is low, or when the ambient temperature is below . Contrary to other bat species, torpor is more common and pronounced in the summer than in the winter.

</doc>
<doc id="6943927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943927" title="Best Manufacturing Company">
Best Manufacturing Company

The Best Manufacturing Company (sometimes known as the "Daniel Best Company") of San Leandro, California was a manufacturer of farm machinery, known for its steam tractors. 
History.
The company was formed in 1871 by Daniel Best. The company's initial product was a portable grain cleaner, soon followed by a combine harvester. In 1890, the company purchased the rights to manufacture the Remington steam engine, and produced a range of steam-driven farm machinery, including steam tractors and combine harvesters. In 1891, the company built a gasoline powered locomotive for San Jose and Alum Rock Railroad. This was the first internal combustion locomotive built in the western United States, though it was only a limited success and was returned to Best in 1892.
Around 1900 the company built a number of three wheeled road locomotives. 
The company was acquired by the Holt Manufacturing Company in 1908 after a legal battle. C. L. Best, the son of the founder then formed his own rival company, the "C. L. Best Gas Traction Company" which built gasoline-powered tractors. This new company acquired the rights to manufacture the Lombard Steam Log Hauler, an early tracked crawler, and began producing "tracklayer" tractors.
Following fierce competition from the Fordson company, C.L. Best merged with the Holt Manufacturing Company in 1925 to form the Caterpillar Tractor Company.

</doc>
<doc id="6943930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943930" title="Without You I'm Nothing (Album)">
Without You I'm Nothing (Album)



</doc>
<doc id="6943932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943932" title="Best Manufacturing Company, San Leandro,Ca">
Best Manufacturing Company, San Leandro,Ca



</doc>
<doc id="6943933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943933" title="Without You I'm Nothing (Movie)">
Without You I'm Nothing (Movie)



</doc>
<doc id="6943934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943934" title="Bay St. Lawrence, Nova Scotia">
Bay St. Lawrence, Nova Scotia



</doc>
<doc id="6943937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943937" title="It's a Laugh Productions">
It's a Laugh Productions

It's a Laugh Productions, Inc. is an American production company owned by The Walt Disney Company which produces live-action teen sitcoms and sketch comedies airing on Disney Channel and Disney XD. It is a division of Disney Branded Television.
With the notable exception of "Jonas", most shows are produced and filmed before a live studio audience using a multi-camera setup, and released with a laugh track. While production takes place mostly at Hollywood Center Studios, other locations, such as Sunset Bronson Studios (as is the case for "Hannah Montana"), The Burbank Studios and Los Angeles Center Studios, have also been used.
History.
It's a Laugh Productions, Inc. was founded on November 3, 2003, and by Don Mink and Amy Rabins, former talent agents of Brookwell McNamara Entertainment.
Crossovers.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="6943941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943941" title="Richard Boswell">
Richard Boswell

Richard Warner Boswell II (born April 14, 1984) is an American former professional stock car racing driver and crew chief who works for Richard Childress Racing as the crew chief of their No. 3 Chevrolet in the NASCAR Cup Series driven by Austin Dillon. He previously crew chiefed the Stewart–Haas Racing No. 98 car in the Xfinity Series driven by Chase Briscoe and Riley Herbst. He previously drove in the Xfinity Series in one race in 2009 for JR Motorsports.
Racing career.
Driving career.
The son of former NASCAR Busch Series driver Dickie Boswell, Richard Boswell was selected to replace driver Shane Huffman in the USAR Hooters Pro Cup. He won the World Karting National Championship in 1998, and captured the World Karting Grand National Championship in the same year (at Lowe's Motor Speedway). He is also a former late model driver at Old Dominion Speedway, in Manassas, Virginia.
Boswell's one and only start in NASCAR as a driver came in the Nationwide Series (now NASCAR Xfinity Series) in the No. 5 for JR Motorsports at Memphis. It was a standalone race for the series, and that car, which was mostly driven by Cup Series drivers that year, needed a different driver with the Cup Series racing at Martinsville that same weekend. Boswell qualified an impressive third in his debut and finished 23rd in the race. It ended up being his only NASCAR race as a driver, since he never got another chance to drive again for JRM or any other team in the series after that.
Crew chiefing career.
Boswell joined Stewart–Haas Racing in 2017, where he served as a crew chief for their upstart Xfinity Series program. He crew chiefed the part-time No. 41 Ford driven by Kevin Harvick in his part-time schedule of races in the series that year. He was also the interim crew chief that year for Clint Bowyer's No. 14 SHR team in the Cup Series for the race at Texas in November after Mike Bugarewicz was suspended.
The following year, SHR expanded their NXS team even further, with them merging with the Biagi Brothers Racing No. 98 team. In turn, the No. 41 was closed down for 2018 and the Biagi No. 98 was fielded as SHR's second car. After this, Boswell moved over to that car, replacing Jon Hansen as its crew chief. He crew chiefed Harvick again, as well as Aric Almirola (another one of SHR's Cup drivers who had driven for Biagi before the SHR merger), and Chase Briscoe, a Ford development driver who was running part-time for them as well as Roush Fenway Racing. Boswell led the No. 98 team to two wins that year, with Harvick at Atlanta and Briscoe at the Charlotte Roval. When the car ran the full season in 2019 with Briscoe, Boswell continued as the team's crew chief, and has remained in that position ever since.
On June 13, 2020, following the Hooters 250 at Homestead–Miami Speedway, Boswell, car chief Nick Hutchins, and engineer D. J. Vanderley were suspended for four races after a tungsten ballast came loose and fell off the frame rail of the car during the start of the race. SHR competition director Greg Zipadelli would serve as the interim crew chief for Briscoe and the No. 98 for the next four races.
After a remarkable nine-win season for Briscoe in 2020, he moved up to the Cup Series, where he replaced Clint Bowyer in SHR's No. 14 car. Boswell did not move with Briscoe to that team and remained in the Xfinity Series, continuing to crew chief the No. 98, now driven by Riley Herbst, who moved over from the No. 18 for Joe Gibbs Racing.
On June 20, 2023, it was announced that Boswell would move from the No. 98 car in the Xfinity Series to SHR's No. 14 Cup Series car where he would reunite with Briscoe. He replaced Johnny Klausmeier, who was serving a six race suspension at the time and would move to a position in SHR's vehicle production department after his suspension ended.
On November 20, 2024, Richard Childress Racing signed Boswell as the crew chief of the No. 3 car, driven by Austin Dillon, for the 2025 season.
Personal life.
He currently lives in Mooresville, North Carolina.
Despite sharing the same last name, he is not related to driver Brady Boswell.

</doc>
<doc id="6943943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943943" title="Denticulate ligament">
Denticulate ligament



</doc>
<doc id="6943944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943944" title="Capistrano Beach, California">
Capistrano Beach, California



</doc>
<doc id="6943945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943945" title="Ligamentum denticulatum">
Ligamentum denticulatum



</doc>
<doc id="6943947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943947" title="Wheel of Frontier">
Wheel of Frontier



</doc>
<doc id="6943948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943948" title="Paddington alcohol test">
Paddington alcohol test

The Paddington alcohol test (PAT) was first published in the "Journal of Accident &amp; Emergency Medicine" in 1996. It was designed to identify alcohol-related problems amongst those attending accident and emergency departments. It concords well with the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT) questionnaire but is administered in a fifth of the time.
When 40–70% of the patients in an accident and emergency department (AED) are there because of alcohol-related issues, it is useful for the staff of the AED to determine which of them are hazardous drinkers so that they can treat the underlying cause and offer brief advice which may reduce the health impact of alcohol for that patient. In accident and emergency departments it is also important to triage incoming patients as quickly as possible, to reduce staff size and cost. In one study, it took an average of 73 seconds to administer the AUDIT questionnaire but only 20 seconds for the PAT.
The working version of the PAT is reviewed at St Mary's Hospital based on feedback from frontline doctors in the emergency department (A&amp;E) (see below). There is also a modified version in use for an English multi-site programme research (Screening and Intervention Programme for Sensible Drinking, SIPS).
The latest version of the PAT is available on the UK Department of Health website, the Alcohol Learning Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="6943951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943951" title="Royal Australian Iinstitute of Architects Gold Medal">
Royal Australian Iinstitute of Architects Gold Medal



</doc>
<doc id="6943953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943953" title="Thomasville Furniture Industries">
Thomasville Furniture Industries

Thomasville Furniture Industries was a furniture manufacturer based in Thomasville, North Carolina, with dedicated galleries in more than 400 retail furniture stores. Additionally, there are 30 Thomasville Home Furnishing stores which carry only Thomasville products. The company had been a subsidiary of Clayton, Missouri-based Furniture Brands International since 1995. Heritage Home Group bought most of that company's assets in 2013 and announced Thomasville Furniture would cease operations in 2014, marking the end of an industry in the city.
Thomasville Cabinetry is crafted by MasterBrand Cabinets, Inc. a division of Fortune Brands Home and Security (FBHS). MasterBrand Cabinets produces Thomasville branded product for Thomasville Furniture Industries at several North American facilities, and sells the Thomasville Cabinetry brand exclusively through The Home Depot. Schrock Cabinetry of Illinois, for example, is one manufacturer that makes cabinets sold by the Home Depot with the Thomasville Cabinetry name stamped in it.
The famous Big Chair, an 18-foot reproduction of a Duncan Phyfe design (first erected in 1922 and rebuilt in 1951) still stands in the town square as a symbol of the mutual success of a now famous chair company - and the town that cherishes its nickname, "Chair City".
History.
Thomasville Furniture began as Thomasville Chair Company in 1904, making 500 to 1000 chairs a day by 1905. Thomas Jefferson Finch and Charles F. Finch of Randolph County bought the company in 1907.
Lambeth Furniture began in 1901 and was sold to Knox Furniture in 1928 and Thomasville Chair in 1932.
B.F. Huntley Furniture began in 1906 on Patterson Avenue in Winston-Salem, North Carolina and grew into the largest bedroom and dining room furniture manufacturer in the country. Its Winston-Salem plant burned in 1956, though a two-story office building built in 1921 remained and became part of a new plant. In 1961, Huntley Furniture and Thomasville Furniture Co. merged to become Thomasville Furniture Industries.
In 1968, Thomasville Furniture became part of Armstrong World Industries, which sold the company to Interco (later Furniture Brands International) in November 1995.
Starting with the Spring 2011 High Point Furniture Market, Thomasville Furniture Industries moved its showroom space from Thomasville to the International Home Furnishings Center. The five-story 225,000-square-foot former headquarters building, which was built in 1958 on East Main Street in Thomasville and also housed Drexel Heritage, was listed for sale in 2013. The 100 people still there were to be moved to Eastchester Drive in High Point, where Maitland-Smith and Henredon were located.
On January 21, 2014, the company's new owner, Heritage Home Group, announced that it would cease all operations on March 21. 84 jobs would be lost in Thomasville. Parent company Heritage Home Group, however, moved to the city while work was being completed on its planned High Point headquarters.
With the sale of Lane Furniture, Heritage Home Group announced in 2017 that it would reorganize into three groups. Thomasville &amp; Co. would include the Thomasville, Drexel and Henredon brands.
Heritage Home Group planned to sell Thomasville &amp; Co. to one buyer. On August 31, 2018, Authentic Brands Group of New York City, known for buying businesses in trouble but also for outsourcing, made a bid. Thomasville Furniture was listed as an Authentic Brands business in 2024.

</doc>
<doc id="6943954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943954" title="National Shrine Basilica of Our Lady of Ransom, Vallarpadam">
National Shrine Basilica of Our Lady of Ransom, Vallarpadam

The National Shrine Basilica of Our Lady of Ransom aka Vallarpadam Basilica (Malayalam: വല്ലാര്‍പാടം പള്ളി, Cochin Portuguese: Basílica de Nossa Senhora do Resgate) located in Vallarpadam, a suburb in Ernakulam, in the city of Kochi, is a minor basilica and a major Christian pilgrimage centre in India. Around 5 million people visit the basilica every year. People from all parts of the world irrespective of caste or creed go to the church to seek the blessings of the Blessed Virgin Mary, mother of Jesus, popularly known as "Vallarpadathamma".
Change of status.
On September 12th 2004 the Catholic Bishops Conference of India raised this pilgrim center to the status of a "National Shrine". The following December Pope John Paul II granted the honorific title of Minor Basilica to the church. Documents related to the raising of the status of the Our Lady of Ransom Church on the island were delivered to the Archbishop of Varappuzha Daniel Acharuparampil by the president of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of India, Cardinal Telesphore Toppo.
Location.
Vallarpadam is situated next to Bolgatty Island on the west, and linked to the Ernakulam mainland via the new Goshree bridges. It is about in length in the north-south direction and hosts a population of 10,000 people. Vallarpadam is about one kilometer (½ mile) away from the Ernakulam mainland.
History.
The picture of the Virgin Mary and Infant Jesus, installed at the top of the main altar of the Vallarpadam Church, was brought by Portuguese merchants under the leadership of Vasco da Gama in 1524. In 1676 the old church, which was known as the Church of the Holy Spirit, founded by the Portuguese missionaries, was destroyed by a heavy flood, and the picture was found floating in the backwaters. Paliyath Raman Valiyachan, the prime minister of Maharaja of Cochin was the one who recovered it. The present church at Vallarpadam is built on land donated by Paliyath Raman Valiyachan. A sanctuary lamp which he donated has been burning day and night from 1676 onwards in his honour.
In May 1752 a miracle is believed to have taken place which made Vallarpadam a centre of pilgrimage. In Vallarpadam there was a young Nair lady named Meenakshi Amma, who was a member of a noble family called Palliyil Veedu. Together with her son she was sailing to Mattancherry. There arose a storm and the boat capsized. Meenakshi Amma and her son went deep down into the backwater. She promised to devote the rest of her life to Mary’s service if she and her child were saved. It was a promise she kept. On the third day, as per instructions in a dream, the parish priest, Rev. Fr. Miguel Correa, asked the fishermen to cast net in the river, and Meenakshi Amma and her son were rescued. After her death, the church put up the picture of Meenakshiamma and her child alongside the painting of Mary.
Festival.
The Feast of Vallarpadathamma is celebrated from 16 to 24 September every year. Thousands of pilgrims come to Vallarpadam to participate in the feast, especially on 24 September.

</doc>
<doc id="6943955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943955" title="Objets trouvés">
Objets trouvés



</doc>
<doc id="6943956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943956" title="The Response">
The Response



</doc>
<doc id="6943960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943960" title="Legohuset">
Legohuset



</doc>
<doc id="6943961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943961" title="Hindu marriage customs">
Hindu marriage customs



</doc>
<doc id="6943962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943962" title="Objets trouves">
Objets trouves



</doc>
<doc id="6943963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943963" title="List of diplomatic missions of Finland">
List of diplomatic missions of Finland

Finland's foreign affairs ministry was established shortly after its independence in 1917. To encourage its international recognition and promote its frontier, trade and maritime interests, Finland had commissioned twelve diplomatic missions abroad by the end of 1918. By the time the Second World War broke out there were 20 Finnish embassies (of which four were outside Europe) and six consulates. Today Finland has a streamlined diplomatic network that uses consulates sparingly. In countries without Finnish representation, Finnish citizens can seek assistance from public officials in the foreign services of any of the other Nordic countries, in accordance with the Helsinki Treaty.

</doc>
<doc id="6943964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943964" title="Lego house">
Lego house



</doc>
<doc id="6943967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943967" title="Gestalt phenomena">
Gestalt phenomena



</doc>
<doc id="6943969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943969" title="Hindu marriage">
Hindu marriage



</doc>
<doc id="6943971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943971" title="Office of the First Minister and Deputy-First Minister">
Office of the First Minister and Deputy-First Minister



</doc>
<doc id="6943974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943974" title="St joe state park">
St joe state park



</doc>
<doc id="6943975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943975" title="The Lego House">
The Lego House



</doc>
<doc id="6943976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943976" title="St. John's Beck">
St. John's Beck

St. John's Beck is a river in the Lake District of Cumbria, England.
The beck has its beginning as an outflow of Thirlmere, whence it flows northwards through St. John's in the Vale, towards Threlkeld, where it meets the River Glenderamackin to form the River Greta.

</doc>
<doc id="6943981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943981" title="Northern blossom-bat">
Northern blossom-bat



</doc>
<doc id="6943983" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943983" title="Cheater Slicks">
Cheater Slicks

Cheater Slicks is a three-man garage punk band formed in Boston in 1987. The members are Tom Shannon (guitar, vocals), Dave Shannon (guitar), and Dana Hatch (drums, vocals). They toured with Jon Spencer Blues Explosion in 1995.
In their early days they experimented with a couple of different singers and periods as an instrumental band before Tom and Dana assumed vocal duties. They also went through a succession of bassists - Dina Pearlman (daughter of Alan R. Pearlman), Allan Paulinho ("Alpo" from the Real Kids), and finally Merle Allin (brother of G.G. Allin) - before deciding to go bassless like the Cramps.
The band relocated to Columbus, OH, in 1996 and is still active. They played their 20th anniversary show on Sept. 1, 2007. They have released several albums on In the Red Records.
The band received special notice when Mudhoney covered their song "Ghost" on their fifth studio album "Tomorrow Hit Today".
Almost Ready Records has re-released three of Cheater Slicks' albums on vinyl. "On Your Knees" in 2016, and "Destination Lonely" in 2017. In 2011 Almost Ready Records released "Our Food Is Chaos: Allen Paulino Session" for the first time on vinyl. They also appear on 2012's "The World's Lousy With Ideas Vol 9", another Almost Ready Records release.

</doc>
<doc id="6943988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943988" title="Läppstiftet">
Läppstiftet



</doc>
<doc id="6943990" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943990" title="Muslims in Slovakia">
Muslims in Slovakia



</doc>
<doc id="6943994" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943994" title="Tafadzwa Kamungozi">
Tafadzwa Kamungozi

Tafadzwa Kamungozi (born 8 June 1987) is a Zimbabwean cricketer who bowls leg break. He was picked in the Zimbabwean squad for the 2006 Champions Trophy without having played any One-day Internationals before, though he did play for a Zimbabwe Board XI in a three-match series against an Australian Academy team which was lost 0–3. Kamungozi played three official List A matches for Masvingo in the 2005–06 one-day league in Zimbabwe, taking five wickets, of which four came in a game against Mashonaland who were bowled out for 76.
He made his Test match debut for Zimbabwe against Bangladesh on 25 October 2014.
Tour of South Africa.
Kamungozi made his debut for the senior Zimbabwe side in a Twenty20 tour match on the 2006–07 tour of South Africa against Eagles, where he scored one run from two balls at No. 11 and bowled four overs for 27, thus being the most economical of Zimbabwe's bowlers in the nine-wicket loss. He also played in the third and final One-day International of the series, conceding 70 runs off his 10 overs as South Africa racked up 418 for five and Zimbabwe lost by 171 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="6944008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944008" title="MI AC PR mine">
MI AC PR mine

The MI AC PR are a series of French minimum metal blast resistant mine anti-tank blast mines. The mines can be laid by hand or automatically from the "Matenin" mine laying system at a rate of 500 per hour. The mines use a clockwork arming delay, which can also self neutralize the mine after a set period. They have a secondary fuze well in the base that allows anti-handling devices to be fitted.
The mine is still in production and is in service with the French army, as well as a number of others.

</doc>
<doc id="6944010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944010" title="Route 9 (Virginia)">
Route 9 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6944011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944011" title="Giro 2004">
Giro 2004



</doc>
<doc id="6944014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944014" title="So What (instrumental)">
So What (instrumental)



</doc>
<doc id="6944024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944024" title="Yard of blonde girls">
Yard of blonde girls



</doc>
<doc id="6944026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944026" title="Bose Jefferson">
Bose Jefferson



</doc>
<doc id="6944027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944027" title="Live at Newport '77">
Live at Newport '77

Live at Newport '77 was the second live recording of the Toshiko Akiyoshi – Lew Tabackin Big Band and was followed by another release, "Live at Newport II" recorded on the same day. Both albums were recorded at the 1977 Newport Jazz Festival.
Track listing.
LP side A
LP side B

</doc>
<doc id="6944029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944029" title="State Route 9 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 9 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6944030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944030" title="Isiolo County">
Isiolo County

Isiolo County is a county in the former Eastern Province of Kenya. Its population was 268,002 according to 2019 census. The capital and largest town in the county is Isiolo. Isiolo County is set to be the first county to be developed as part of the Kenya Vision 2030 program. Other upcoming urban centres are: Garbatulla, Modogashe, Kinna, Merti and Oldonyiro. The county is home to Sakuye, Somali and Borana tribes and a significant number of people from Turkana, Samburu, Gabra and Garre communities.
The local topography is arid or semi-arid low plains. Ewaso Nyiro River flows through the county and partly bounds it. It borders Marsabit County to the north, Wajir County to the east, Garissa and Tana River counties to the south east, Meru County to the south, Laikipia County to the south west and Samburu County to the west.
Three different National Game Reserves are located in Isiolo County: Bisanadi National Reserve, Buffalo Springs National Reserve and Shaba National Reserve.
Demographics.
Isiolo county has a total population of 268,002 persons as 2019 census and of this 139,510 are males; 128,483 are females; 9 intersex persons.
There is an average size of 4.6 persons per household and a population density of 11 persons per square Km.
Source
Religion in Isiolo County 
Infrastructure and transport.
Isiolo covered by 1,185.49 km of earth, 263.7 km of murram and 35 km of bitumen as at 2014. There are 1,149 installed letter boxes, 851 rented letter boxes and vacant letter boxes.
Isiolo airport is one of the key airports in the county.
Administrative and political units.
As of 2018, the county has two constituencies (Isiolo North Constituency and Isiolo South Constituency), three sub-counties and ten wards.
There are a total of 10 county assembly wards, 71 locations and 144 sub-locations
Political leadership.
Abdi Ibrahim Hassan Guyo is the third governor for Isiolo and took office in 2022 and he is deputized by Dr. James Lowasa. Fatuma Dullo is the senator and also the first woman to be elected as a senator in Kenya. Mumina Bonaya is the sitting women representative for isiolo and third to hold the office.
Education.
There are 213 ECD centres with enrolment of 5148 pupils, 124 primary schools of which 107 are public and 17 are private schools. 23 secondary schools are spread across the county of which 16 are public and 7 are private schools.
Furthermore, there are two youth polytechnics, three tertiary institutions and two vocational training centres in the county.
Health.
There are three hospitals in Isiolo County, two of which are government owned. One hospital is a faith based organisation. There are also five health centres, thirty three dispensaries, and three clinics.
Isiolo county has a total of 214 medical personnel of different cadre ranging from doctors to biochemists.
Economy.
The four main crops planted in Isiolo are maize, beans, sorghum and green grams. Livestock is also sold and the four animals kept are cattle (indigenous), cattle (dairy), camels, sheep, and goats.
A total of 178 ponds were in various places in the county in 2014.
Urbanisation.
 Source: USAid Kenya

</doc>
<doc id="6944034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944034" title="State Route 238 (Virginia pre-1940)">
State Route 238 (Virginia pre-1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6944035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944035" title="Impressions (instrumental)">
Impressions (instrumental)



</doc>
<doc id="6944037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944037" title="AMoL">
AMoL



</doc>
<doc id="6944038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944038" title="State Route 238 (Virginia 1933-1940)">
State Route 238 (Virginia 1933-1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6944041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944041" title="State Route 238 (Virginia 1933)">
State Route 238 (Virginia 1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6944042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944042" title="Implicational hierarchy">
Implicational hierarchy

Implicational hierarchy, in linguistics, is a chain of implicational universals. A set of chained universals is schematically shown as in (1):
(1) A &lt; B &lt; C &lt; D
It can be reformulated in the following way: If a language has property D, then it also has properties A, B, and C; if a language has a property C, then it also has properties A and B, etc. In other words, the implicational hierarchy defines the possible combinations of properties A, B, C, and D as listed in matrix (2):
Implicational hierarchies are a useful tool in capturing linguistic generalizations 
pertaining the different components of the language. They are found in all subfields of grammar.
Phonology.
(3) is an example of an implicational hierarchy concerning the distribution of nasal phonemes across languages, which concerns dental/alveolar, bilabial, and palatal voiced nasals, 
respectively: 
(3) &lt; &lt; 
This hierarchy defines the following possible combinations of dental/alveolar, bilabial, and palatal voiced nasals in 
the phoneme inventory of a language:
(4) 
In other words, the hierarchy implies that there are no languages with but without and , or with and but without .
Morphology.
Number marking provides an example of implicational hierarchies in morphology.
(5) Number: singular &lt; plural &lt; dual &lt; trial / paucal
On the one hand, the hierarchy implies that no language distinguishes a trial unless having a dual, and no language has dual without a plural. On the other hand, the hierarchy provides implications for the morphological marking: if the plural is coded with a certain number of morphemes, then the dual is coded with at least as many morphemes.
Syntax.
Implicational hierarchies also play a role in syntactic phenomena. For instance, in some languages (e.g. Tangut) the transitive verb agrees not with a subject, or the object, but with the syntactic argument which is higher on the person hierarchy.
(5) Person: first &lt; second &lt; third
See also: animacy.

</doc>
<doc id="6944048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944048" title="State Route 713 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 713 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6944053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944053" title="Andi Spicer">
Andi Spicer

Andrew John Preston "Andi" Spicer (1959 – 30 April 2020) was an English electroacoustic classical music composer who used electronics (see Electronic Music) in his compositions.
The composer was also a writer and journalist. He has contributed to "The Wall Street Journal" and "The Gramophone" as a reviewer, and has written for many international newspapers, magazines and news agencies, including Dow Jones Newswires, "The Associated Press", "The Independent", "The Financial Times" and "The Observer". His music is published by Edition Tre Fontane in Münster, Germany.
History and influences.
Spicer was born in Birmingham, England.
He studied economics at Aston University in Birmingham and pursued a career in journalism, while composing and performing free form improvised music (see free improvisation). He lived in Johannesburg, South Africa between 1996 and 2003, working as a foreign correspondent for major US and British newspapers, after which he moved back to England. He lived in Brighton from 2013, and was a member of the New Music Brighton and London Forum collectives of composers in the UK. His compositions have been featured at the Brighton Festival, Soundwaves Festival, Huddersfield Contemporary Music Festival, Goldsmiths College Pure Gold Festival, Royal College of Music in London, London COMA Summer School, Bille en Tête Festival (Musique en Roue Libre) in Arras, France, and at the All Ears Contemporary Music Festival in London, as well as at the Grahamstown Festival in South Africa and performed elsewhere in France, Italy, Sweden, Austria, Mexico and the US.
He was largely self-taught, although he took private lessons in composition and music theory with South African composer Martin Watt at the University of the Witwatersrand and composition workshops with British composer Michael Finnissy. His music uses improvisation, graphic notation, electronics (see electronic art music) and emphasises surface textures, but is also influenced by southern African and Asian world music.
He is associated with the Gallery III group of artists, musicians and multi-media artists in Johannesburg, South Africa, which included artist and musician James de Villiers and Beat poet Sinclair Beiles. Spicer is among a new generation of composers in post-apartheid South Africa. Other examples are Bongani Ndodana-Breen, Dimitri Voudouris, Jürgen Bräuninger, Cobi van Tonder, Hannes Taljaard, Michael Blake, Robert Fokkens and Spicer's teacher Martin Watt.
In 2019, he moved to Llandysul, Wales, and died there a year later from cancer.
Compositions.
In "Anglo Boer War" (1999) he explored cluster note and microtonal techniques. The piece is a strident anti-war composition written for the hundredth anniversary of the Anglo Boer War (see Second Boer War) and was a collaboration with the artist James de Villiers.
His "63 Moons" (2003) composition was influenced by the Javanese gamelan music, Shona mbira music and contemporary minimalist composers.
"Click Language" (2004) continued Spicer's African themes and uses sampled words from southern African click languages such as Xhosa (see Xhosa language), Zulu (see Zulu language) and Khoisan languages as a sound patina for four percussionists, comprising vibraphone, marimba, waterphone and other hand-held instruments. "Baobab" (2003) employs polyrhythms inspired by southern African drumming and features the vibraphone and marimba. There is a version of Baobab for harpsichord (2006), written for Polish harpsichordist Kasia Tomczak-Feltrin, and an extended version for harpsichordist Jane Chapman. He was writing an opera for video based on Arno Schmidt's novel "The Egghead Republic" ("Die Gelehrtenrepublik").
Recent works explored live electronics and acoustic instrument blends, including MIDI instruments. Since the beginning of 2006, he worked closely with French woodwind and electronic music soloist and professor of woodwind at the London Royal College of Music, Julien Feltrin. Spicer has also worked with London-based percussion ensemble Brake Drum Assembly. He formed the ensemble Caos Harmonia to perform his music in 1997 and has also performed with London-based new music group, The Kluster Ensemble.
Film and video.
Austrian video artist Peter Gold produced a short film for three movements of "Anglo Boer War" for the 2006 All Ears Contemporary Music Festival in London. Antarctica (1995–1996) is an early work for electronics written for an unreleased video of Antarctic landscapes.
Art installations.
Spicer collaborated with performance artist Paolo Giudici in the installation "Thesis" at the Hockney Gallery at the Royal College of Art in London in 2006. Painter/multimedia artist James de Villiers worked with Spicer in "The Architecture of Air", which toured the US, Mexico and South Africa in 2001–2003 with "Transformations", an exhibition of South African art. "Inside, Outside" (2001) is an electronic piece for a James de Villiers' installation of the same title shown at the Carfax in Johannesburg.

</doc>
<doc id="6944061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944061" title="Andi Spicer - Musician and composer">
Andi Spicer - Musician and composer



</doc>
<doc id="6944067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944067" title="Colibri">
Colibri

Colibri may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="6944068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944068" title="State Route 353 (Virginia)">
State Route 353 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6944069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944069" title="Route 353 (Virginia)">
Route 353 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6944071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944071" title="Robert Acquafresca">
Robert Acquafresca

Robert Acquafresca (; born 11 September 1987) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a striker. He is a former Italy under-21 international and represented Italy at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Club career.
Early career.
Born in Turin to an Italian father and a Polish mother residing in Alpignano, Acquafresca entered the Torino youth system at the age of 6. In the 2004–05 Campionato Nazionale Primavera, he played 14 games and scored two goals for the "granata".
In summer 2005, Torino was promoted back to Serie A; however, Torino was expelled from Serie A due to the club's financial problems, with the consequent free release of all of their players. He was signed by Internazionale as a youth team player, but two days later was loaned out to Treviso in a co-ownership deal for €35,000, in order to gain first team experience. At his new club, he partnered up with his former Torino teammate Pinga. Acquafresca made eight Serie A appearances in 2005–06 season. As part of the co-ownership deal, Acquafresca remained in Treviso for the 2006–07 Serie B season and scored 11 goals in 35 appearances. In June 2007, Inter bought back the other half of the co-ownership deal from Treviso, for €1.5 million.
Cagliari.
Acquafresca was involved in the David Suazo transfer, which saw him move to Cagliari on a co-ownership deal for €100,000. There, he has played 36 games and scored fourteen goals.
On 25 June 2008, it was confirmed that Inter had bought Cagliari's 50% of Acquafresca for €6 million, making them his sole club; however he was loaned back to Cagliari for the 2008–09 season.
On 14 July 2008, Acquafresca revealed that he dreams of wearing the Inter shirt one day. He also thanked Cagliari for letting him grow as a football player so that he one-day could fulfill his Inter dream.
After missing the first game of the season against Lazio, Acquafresca then played the next five games without opening his account, before finally scoring his first goal of the season against Torino. He scored again in his team's next home match against Chievo. On 2 November he scored two goals at home against Bologna in a 5–1 win. He also scored one goal against his parent team, Inter, on 13 January 2009.
Genoa &amp; Atalanta.
On 29 June 2009, Acquafresca became a member of Genoa C.F.C. as a part of the deal that saw Diego Milito and Thiago Motta move to Internazionale, and moved along with Leonardo Bonucci, Francesco Bolzoni, Riccardo Meggiorini and Ivan Fatic. He was valued at €9.5 million at that time, signing a five-year contract. He was immediately loaned to Atalanta as the club had recently sold its striker Sergio Floccari to Genoa.
In January 2010 the Italian striker prematurely ended his loan spell at Atalanta and returned to Genoa, as the club completed a three player three club swap, which saw Hernán Crespo move to Parma, and Parma's Nicola Amoruso move to Atalanta.
Back to Cagliari.
On 1 July 2010, Acquafresca's number 9 shirt was given to Luca Toni, and Acquafresca was transfer-listed by Genoa. After a loan negotiation, Acquafresca finally returned to Cagliari on loan for €2 million and took the number 9 shirt from Nenê. Cagliari also had an option to buy him after the loan.
On 22 June 2011, Cagliari announced that the club would not exercise the right to sign him outright, even though Acquafresca had been the flagship striker for Cagliari since the departure of Alessandro Matri in January 2011.
Bologna.
On 19 July 2011, Acquafresca was loaned to Bologna for a €500,000 fee, in a 1+3 year contract worth €1.692 million in a season in gross. He was the joint-top-earner of Bologna that season.
Acquafresca re-joined coach Pierpaolo Bisoli, when in June 2011 the club sold its forward Riccardo Meggiorini back to Genoa and also signed Federico Rodríguez from Genoa. Acquafresca scored five goals in 20 Serie A games during his first season at the club. Bologna made Acquafresca's move permanent after the 2011–12 season, buying the player's remaining 50% registration rights for €2.5 million in a 5-year contract.
Loan to Levante.
On 31 January 2013, Acquafresca left for Spanish club Levante UD, after a goal drought in six Serie A appearances during the 2012–13 season. In total he made 13 appearances in La Liga scoring 3 goals. In June 2013 Bologna acquired Rodríguez outright from Genoa for free, as well as Acquafresca for an additional €1.267 million. The deals made meant that Bologna had spent €4.267 in total to acquire Acquafresca as transfer fee.
Return to Bologna.
Acquafresca returned to Bologna for the 2013–14 Serie A season; however, he made 19 appearances in Serie A without scoring a goal, while Bologna were relegated to Serie B at the end of the season.
In the 2016–17 pre-season Acquafresca was left out from the first team squad, partially due to a trauma in his knee. He only played for Bologna as a member of the reserve team against the first team on 20 August, along with fellow first team player Luca Ceccarelli who was released by the club on 31 August. Acquafresca's squad number was also changed to number 99. On 1 September, a sister website of "La Gazzetta dello Sport" reported that the player would be left out from the first team squad in his final year of contract.
Ternana.
On 31 January 2017, Acquafresca was signed by Ternana.
International career.
Acquafresca has been capped for the Italian U-17, U18, U19, U20, and Under-21 sides, making his Italy Under-21 debut in a European qualifying match against Albania on 1 June 2007. The Polish Football Federation, together with Polish national coach Leo Beenhakker, had also tried to convince him to play for Poland. Acquafresca, who speaks Polish, in an interview given to "Gazeta Wyborcza" on 14 March 2008, said that he would leave the decision to the near future. On 18 March, he finally opted to refuse the Polish Football Federation offer, and instead confirmed his choice to represent Italy at international level.
With the national youth team, Acquafresca finished as the third placed team in group 6 in their 2006 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship qualification campaign. With the Italian under-21 team, Acquafresca finished as the losing semi-finalist in the 2009 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship, losing out 0–1 to eventual champions Germany.
With the Italy Olympic's team ("de facto" U21 team with overage player), Acquafresca took part at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, and finished as a losing quarter-finalist to Belgium; he scored 1 goal in 4 games throughout the tournament. Acquafresca also played for the Olympic team against Romania in a friendly match, as well as against Lega Pro club Borgo.

</doc>
<doc id="6944073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944073" title="Château Pèlerin">
Château Pèlerin

Château Pèlerin (Old French: Chastel Pelerin; ), also known as Atlit and Magdiel, is a Crusader fortress and fortified town located about north of the modern Israeli town of Atlit on the northern coast of Israel, about south of Haifa. Château Pèlerin is located inside the Atlit naval base.
The Knights Templar began building the fortress in 1218 during the Fifth Crusade. One of the major Crusader fortresses, it could support up to 4,000 troops in siege conditions. It became for a short time the headquarters of the Crusaders; according to Claude Reignier Conder its architecture "must have made ‘Athlit perhaps the finest town of the period in the country". It has been described as the "crowning example of Crusader military architecture", although T. E. Lawrence found it lacking in elegance and imagination in terms of military architecture, settling on massiveness instead. In early August 1291, three months after the Siege of Acre, the forces of Al-Ashraf Khalil conquered Atlit, which was at that point the last remaining Crusader outpost in Syria, thus permanently ending Crusader presence in the region.
The fortress remained intact for several hundred years, until suffering damage in the Galilee earthquake of 1837. In the 14th century, it became home to a large concentration of Oirat Mongols. During early Ottoman rule, in the 16th century, it was recorded in tax registers as a port of call and a farm. Later, in the 19th century, it was a small fishing village under the influence of the local al-Madi family.
It was depopulated of its Palestinian inhabitants in 1948. In modern times, the castle is part of the Atlit naval base, a training zone for Israeli Naval commandos.
History.
Roman period.
In the "Bordeaux Itinerary", the town is known in Latin as Certa.
Crusader period.
Construction began in early spring 1218 during the period of the Fifth Crusade by the Knights Templar, replacing the earlier castle of Le Destroit which was situated slightly back from the coast. The castle was built on a promontory, with two main walls cutting the citadel off from the land. The outer wall was approximately 15 metres high and 6 metres thick, with three square towers situated about 44 metres apart, projecting out by 12 metres with a level platform on the roof probably for artillery. In front ran a shallow ditch dug at sea level cut into the bedrock. The inner wall was approximately 30 metres high by 12 metres, with two square towers, the north and south each approximately 34 metres tall. As the inner wall was taller than the outer wall, defenders were able to shoot at targets over the first wall allowing greater protection from return fire by the besiegers. Part of the design of the castle included a protected harbour on the south side of the promontory. It also had three fresh water wells within its enclosure. The castle was capable of supporting up to 4000 troops during a siege, as it did in 1220. The settlement of Atlit developed outside the castle's outer wall and was later fortified. The castle's position dominated the north–south coastal route, and surrounding countryside allowing it to draw revenue from tolls and rents, going some way to pay for the running costs of the castle; as well as providing protection for pilgrims. The castle probably got its name from pilgrims who volunteered their labour during its construction. There is a large Crusader cemetery (80 x 100 metres) north of the castle, on the beach, containing hundreds of graves, some with carved grave markers.
The castle was under the control of the Knights Templar and was never taken in siege due to its excellent location and design and its ability to be resupplied by sea. It was besieged in 1220 by the Ayyubids, under the command of al-Malik al-Mu'azzam. It came under siege by the Mamluks under Sultan Baybars in 1265, during which the settlement of 'Atlit was destroyed. With the fall of Acre and collapse of the Kingdom of Jerusalem by the Mamluks under Sultan al-Ashraf Khalil, the Knights Templar lost their main roles of defence of the Holy land and security of pilgrims to the Holy Sites. The castle could now only be resupplied by sea, so the castle was evacuated between 3 and 14 August 1291.
Mamluk period.
The castle was not demolished by the Mamluks as was their normal practice after capturing a crusader fortification and remained in good condition until it suffered severe damage during the Galilee earthquake of 1837, and was also further damaged by Ibrahim Pasha in 1840, who used it as a source of stone for Acre.
In 1296, during the beginnings of Mamluk rule in the coastlands of Palestine, 10,000 to 18,000 Oirat Mongols entered the Mamluk realm as part of a defecting Ilkhanid troop, followed by smaller waves of arrivals. Although they originally established themselves in Cairo, most were eventually relocated to Atlit and northwestern Syria by the Mamluks.
Ottoman period.
The "iskele" (port of call or wharf) of Atlit, along with those of nearby Tantura and Tirat Lawza generated annual revenues of 5,000 akces in 1538, during Ottoman rule (1517–1917). In 1596 Atlit was recorded as a farm that paid taxes to the government.
In 1799, it appeared as the village Atlit on the map that Pierre Jacotin compiled that year.
During the rule of Acre governor Sulayman Pasha al-Adil (1805–1819), Atlit was the headquarters of local strongman Mas'ud al-Madi, who was appointed the "mutasallim" (tax collector/enforcer) of the Atlit coast, which consisted of the territory that stretched from Umm Khalid to Haifa. In 1859, the population was stated to be "200 souls", and their tillage 20 feddans, according to the English consul Rogers.
An Ottoman village list of about 1870 showed that Atlit had 9 houses and a population of 33, though the population count included men only. In 1881, the PEF's "Survey of Western Palestine" noted the existence of an hamlet covering a good portion of the ancient site. A population list from about 1887 showed that Atlit had about 180 inhabitants; all Muslims.
British Mandate Period.
The population declined in the early 20th century; the 1922 census of Palestine recorded a population of 86 people.
A major excavation sponsored by Mandate Authorities was undertaken by C. N. Johns between 1930 and 1934.
The castle was part of the area used by the Mandate Authorities to house illegal refugees during the later Mandate period.
State of Israel.
The castle is now part of Atlit naval base, an Israeli Navy base which is the headquarters of the Israeli Navy's Shayetet 13 naval commando unit. As a result, the castle is within a closed military zone and training area for naval commandos.

</doc>
<doc id="6944079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944079" title="Indian Coffee House">
Indian Coffee House

Indian Coffee House is a restaurant chain in India, run by a series of worker co-operative societies. It has strong presence across India with nearly 400 coffee houses.
History.
Coffee had been grown in India by Indians since the 16th century. However, the concept of coffee houses began to gain a little popularity in the 18th century in Madras and Calcutta. However, as part of the racial discrimination policy of the British rulers, Indians were not allowed into these coffee houses, which were mainly Europeans-only establishments. During the late 1890s, the idea of an "Indian Coffee House" chain was formed.
The India Coffee House chain was started by the Coffee Cess Committee, the first outlet – then named ‘India Coffee House’ – opened in Churchgate, Bombay in 1936, and was operated by the Indian Coffee Board. In the course of the 1940s there were nearly 50 Coffee Houses all over British India. Post partition, Pakistan inherited the branches of Indian Coffee Houses in its major cities and continued the coffee house legacy as a social place in fostering intellectual discussions.
In India, due to a change in the policy in the mid-1950s, the Coffee Board decided to close down the Coffee Houses. Encouraged by the communist leader A. K. Gopalan (AKG), the workers of the Coffee Board began a movement and compelled the Coffee Board to agree to hand over the outlets to the workers who then formed Indian Coffee Workers' Co-operatives and renamed the network as Indian Coffee House. A co-operative began in Bangalore on 19 August 1957, and one was established in Delhi on 27 December 1957. Later Bellary and Madras Societies were separated from their mother societies. Malviya Marg Karam Chand Chowk Branch, Jabalpur serves as the head office of ICWCS. In October 2018, Indian Coffee House opened its 8th branch of Jabalpur.
Management.
There are 13 co-operative societies in the country to run the coffee houses. These societies are governed by managing committees elected from the employees. The societies affiliated under "All India Coffee Workers' Co- operative Societies Federation" formed 17 December 1960.
Branches.
Kerala.
There are two societies in Kerala.
Advocate T. K. Krishnan, a Communist Leader of Thrissur and N. S. Parameswaran Pillai, the State Secretary of the India Coffee Board Labour Union and a thrown-out employee of ICH were the founders of ICHs in Kerala.
There is also a book about the ICH movement, in Malayalam - "Coffee Housinte Katha" or "History of Coffee House" by N. S. Parameswaran Pillai under the pen name, Nadakkal Parameswaran Pillai (Published by Current Books, Thrissur). This is the only published written history of ICH movement in any language. The book won the Abudhabi Shakthi Award as the best autobiography in 2007.
Coffee House outlets in Kerala are noted for their extensive use of beetroot in their dishes.
West Bengal.
The Indian Coffee House has several branches in Kolkata, including the College Street branch, Central Avenue branch, Medical College Kolkata branch and Jadavpur branch. These are favourite hang-out places among the students and youth, although one can see several old-timers frequenting the coffee houses on a regular basis.
The most famous Coffee House branch in Kolkata is the one at the College Street, also known as the "Coffee House at College Street". Though popularly known as College Street Coffee house, this branch is actually on Bankim Chatterjee Street.
The history of the Coffee House at College Street can be traced to Albert Hall, which was founded in April 1876. Later, the Coffee Board decided to start a coffee joint from the Albert Hall in 1942. Notable citizens, including Aparna Sen and Sunil Gangopadhyay, were frequent visitors to the place. In 1947, the Central Government changed the name of the place to "Coffee House". The place became a meeting place for poets, artistes, literati and people from the world of art and culture. The coffee house is famous for its "adda" sessions, and as the breeding place of several political and cultural personalities and movements. A famous song "Coffee House-er Sei Adda-ta" (কফি হাউসের সেই আড্ডাটা), sung by Manna Dey is based on this Coffee House.
Chhattisgarh.
The Indian Coffee House has multiple restaurants in Chhattisgarh's Urban centres such as Raipur, Korba, Durg, Bhilai, Bilaspur, Raigarh and Jagdalpur.
Chandigarh.
The Indian Coffee House branch in Sector 17 of Chandigarh was opened in 1964 and remained popular among professionals, journalists, doctors, bureaucrats, lawyers and senior officials. The branch originally operated in Sector 22, and was shifted to Sector 17 in 1971. The Coffee House on the Punjab University campus is popular among students. In 2016, a new branch was opened in Sector 36. ICH Sector 17 was opened in 1969. The Sector 22 ICH was shifted near fountain and now shifted to Kusumpti near Shimla. The Panjab University Student Center was subletted to few ex ICH employees to run the coffee house and not a branch of ICH. ICH has its HQs at Janpath New Delhi.
Himachal Pradesh.
The Indian Coffee House branch in Dharamsala used to be a popular hang-out of intelligentsia in the city. It was set up, after the district administration approached the Indian Coffee Workers' Co-operative Society, Delhi in 1991. The society decided to close it down in 2006, after losses ran over 3.5 million rupees. Indian Coffee House has a branch in Shimla.
Madhya Pradesh.
There are more than 35 branches in Madhya Pradesh with more than 10 branches alone in the pioneering city of Jabalpur. The Malviya Marg Branch in Jabalpur is the Head Office of ICWCS. The Indian Coffee House is a popular hang-out of Students in the city. Some of the old branches still please the age old people. These have been a popular celebration, and meeting points since decades.
Karnataka.
The 50-year-old Indian Coffee House at M. G. Road in Bangalore closed on 5 April 2009, after the Indian Coffee Workers' Cooperative Society Limited lost a legal battle with the owner of the building to continue in the premises. It has been reopened on Church Street, less than a hundred metres away. Another is at Koramangala opposite to Jyoti Nivas College However, this belongs to the Jabalpur co-operative society. Four branches of Indian Coffee House are operating at Christ University's Main Campus on Hosur Road, Bannerghatta road and at Kengeri Campus.
Rajasthan.
There are 2 branches in Jaipur: M.I. Road and Jawahar Kala Kendra.
Pakistan.
Pakistan also inherited Indian coffee houses post-partition with main branches in Karachi and Lahore that underwent change in ownership and were rebranded after independence in 1947. Other coffee houses were also established, notably Pioneer Coffee House in Karachi by Sheriff Merchant, a former member of the Indian Coffee Board who also served as the Manager of the Indian Coffee House in Karachi after the independence of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="6944083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944083" title="Volker Mai">
Volker Mai

Volker Mai (born 3 May 1966 in Templin) is a former triple jumper who represented East Germany. Representing SC Neubrandenburg, he holds the current world junior record with 17.50 metres, achieved on 23 June 1985 in Erfurt.
Biography.
Mai won his first international medal at the 1985 European Athletics Indoor Championships, where he cleared 17.14 m to take the bronze medal. He then secured a triple jump and long jump double at the 1985 European Athletics Junior Championships held in Cottbus. That same year he ranked second in the triple jump at the 1985 European Cup. The following year he managed seventh at the 1986 European Athletics Championships. Another indoor medal followed at the 1989 European Athletics Indoor Championships and he was the silver medallist behind Nikolay Musiyenko of the USSR. His final appearance for East Germany came at the 1990 European Athletics Championships and he finished fifth behind his compatriot Jörg Friess.
He made three major international appearances for Germany in his career: he was fifth at the 1991 IAAF World Indoor Championships, 13th in qualifying at the 1993 World Championships in Athletics and eighth in qualifying at the 1994 European Athletics Championships.
Nationally, he was a four-time East German Indoor triple jump champion (1984, 1985, 1987, 1989) and a two-time East German outdoor champion (1984, 1988). Following German reunification he was the German indoor champion in 1991, 1993 and 1995, and took his sole German outdoor title in 1994. In addition to his ten national titles in the triple jump, he was the 1989 East German champion in the long jump.
Mai was implicated in state-sponsored doping by Werner Franke and Brigitte Berendonk in their book "Doping: From Research to Deceit". Based upon research of leaked Stasi files, Franke and Berendonk deduced that Mai had undergone cycles of Oral Turinabol (a banned steroid) in the period of 1982 to 1984.
After his track and field career ended he moved to the United States to study microbiology. He received his doctorate in the discipline at the University of Georgia. After gaining a master's degree from Harvard School of Public Health, he took up an assistant professorship at the University of Maryland Medical School. He has worked as an assistant microbiology professor at the University of Florida since 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="6944084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944084" title="Rajshri Productions">
Rajshri Productions

Rajshri Productions is an Indian film production and distribution company based in Mumbai, India, established in 1947, which is primarily involved in producing Hindi films. 
History.
Rajshri Productions, the film production division of Rajshri, was established in 1947. Its first release "Aarti" met with critical acclaim and was screened at international film festivals. This was followed by "Dosti", a non-star-cast film which became a box office success, and received the National Award for the Best Hindi Film of the Year (1964) and six Filmfare Awards.
Rajshri Productions made several more successful and critically acclaimed movies between the 1960s and 1980s including "Uphaar", "Geet Gaata Chal", "Ankhiyon Ke Jharokhon Se", "Chitchor", "Dulhan Wahi Jo Piya Man Bhaye" and "Saaransh". At the end of the 1980s, when the film industry experienced a slump due to the advent of home video, Rajshri was on the verge of closing down. However, the company had a hit with a musical teenage romance, "Maine Pyar Kiya", directed in-house by Sooraj R. Barjatya, which saved the company from closure. It became one of Indian cinema's biggest grossers, and won six Filmfare Awards including Best Film and the Most Sensational Debut of the Year for 24-year-old Salman Khan.
Salman Khan followed up the success of "Maine Pyar Kiya" with Rajshri blockbusters "Hum Aapke Hain Koun" and "". "Hum Aapke Hain Koun" remains one of the highest grossing releases in the history of Indian cinema, and won the National Award for the most popular film providing wholesome entertainment, as well as eight Filmfare Awards and six Screen Awards, including Best Film, Best Actress and Best Director.
Digital.
In November 2006, Rajshri Productions launched a broadband entertainment portal, Rajshri.com, offering streaming and downloads of various forms of content including movies, music videos, concerts, and documentaries. The digital content is from its own production house and others.

</doc>
<doc id="6944087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944087" title="A kids story">
A kids story



</doc>
<doc id="6944088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944088" title="Friedrich Finsch">
Friedrich Finsch



</doc>
<doc id="6944090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944090" title="Barry Gurary">
Barry Gurary

Barry Gurary (also: Gourary, Sholom Dovber or Berke) (b. in Rostov-on-Don, Russia February 10, 1923, d. Montclair, New Jersey, United States March 14, 2005) was a rabbi. He was the nephew of Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson, the seventh Lubavitcher rebbe.
Biography.
Barry Gurary was the only son of Rabbi Shemaryahu Gurary and the nephew of Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson. He married Mina Haskind.
Gurary's relationship with Schneerson was a source of friction within the family and the Chabad-Lubavitch Hasidic community.
One year after the death of his grandfather, Yosef Yitzchak Schneersohn, Menachem Mendel Schneerson became the seventh rebbe of the movement, while Shemaryahu Gurary, Barry Gurary's father, held the same positions he had in the past.
"Agudas Chasidei Chabad v. Gourary".
Gurary's grandfather, Yosef Yitzchak Schneersohn, collected a large library of Jewish texts, which included several hundred rare volumes. Gurary said he was entitled to a portion of the library and was supported in this by his mother and his grandfather's librarian, Rabbi Chaim Lieberman.
In 1984, Gurary entered the library and clandestinely removed some books which he sold to rare book dealers. One illuminated Passover Haggadah from 1757 was sold for $69,000 to a Swiss book dealer who soon found a private buyer to pay nearly $150,000 for it. Gurary was observed on a security camera taking the books.
Gurary said he had his mother's permission and the permission of his aunt, Menachem Mendel Schneerson's wife, to take the books. His aunt denied giving him permission. Schneerson demanded that the volumes be returned. When Gurary refused, also refusing Schneerson's summons to a Beth Din (rabbinical court), Schneerson's legal team sought a temporary restraining order that would impound the books still in Gurary's possession, and a ruling that the library was the property of Agudas Chasidei Chabad, the umbrella organization for the Chasidic movement. Schneerson's legal team included Nathan Lewin, former ambassador Jerome J. Shestack, and future Solicitor General of the United States Seth Waxman.
Schneerson said that the volumes were not the "personal possession" of Gurary's grandfather, but the "communal property" of the Lubavitch Hasidim. This view was supported by a letter from Gurary's grandfather indicating that the books were the heritage of the entire Jewish community.
During the court hearing, Gurary's mother supported him while his father supported Schneerson. Schneerson was not deposed, but his wife, Chaya Mushka Schneerson was. Other witnesses included Nobel Peace Prize recipient Elie Wiesel, who testified as an expert witness on Chasidic life.
In 1986, the court ruled in favor of Agudas Chassidei Chabad, and the ruling was upheld on appeal in 1987. Agudas Chassidei Chabad located and paid the various book collectors who had bought the books from Gurary and the volumes were returned to the library. In total, Agudas Chassidei Chabad paid $432,000 to buy back the various books.
Gurary worked as a management consultant.

</doc>
<doc id="6944091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944091" title="Eastern University massacre">
Eastern University massacre

The Eastern University massacre was the arrest and subsequent mass murder of 158 minority Sri Lankan Tamil refugees who had taken refuge in the Eastern University campus close to the city Batticaloa on 5 September 1990. A witness identified Sri Lankan Army personnel as the perpetrators. The event is part of what is known amongst Sri Lankan Tamils as Black September, a series of civilian massacres. The Sri Lankan government eventually established a presidential commission of inquiry. The inquiry found evidence of illegal abductions and mass murder. It also named the responsible parties, but there is currently no evidence of any judicial follow up to the inquiry.
Background information.
Following the breakdown of peace talks between the government of Sri Lanka and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) in 1990, the Sri Lankan military mounted a series of operations against rebel-held territory in Eastern Province, mostly in Batticaloa District. There were a number of massacres and disappearances of civilians attributed to the LTTE, Sri Lankan government forces and government-allied paramilitary groups such as the Tamil Eelam Liberation Organization (TELO), and People's Liberation Organization of Tamil Eelam (PLOTE).
The incident.
According to a local human rights agency University Teachers for Human Rights (UTHR), as the Sri Lankan Army personnel from Valaichchenai (see here) camp went into the villages of Vantharumoolai, Sungankerny and Karuvakkerny for a search and destroy mission, people from these villages ran into the Eastern University campus for protection. The lecturers at the campus provided protection for them and hoisted a white flag in front of the University. One eyewitness account, as recorded by UTHR, reports:
The witness further stated that: 
After witnessing the arrest of 138 people, the witness was arrested on his way home and subsequently released after a nine-day internment in which he personally witnessed the murder of arrestees in the camp.
Closure of the camp.
Following the initial arrests, the army arrested 16 more people from the camp the following day. Eventually, the rebel LTTE ordered the authorities to close the refugee camp and ordered all the civilians to move into the nearby jungles. Most refugees thus left the university and became dispersed throughout the surrounding jungle. Many were caught in aerial attacks by the Sri Lankan Air force on purported rebel targets. Surviving refugees from the jungles eventually made their way back to their villages.
Government investigation.
The President Chandrika Kumaratunga appointed a three member-Presidential Commission of Inquiry into Involuntary Removal or Disappearances of Persons in the Northern and Eastern Provinces. The Chairman of the Commissioner was Justice Krishnapillai Palakidner. The President signed the warrant on 30 November 1994. The other two Commissioners were L. W. R. R. Widyaratne and W. N. Wilson. The Commission released its final report in September 1997. According to the commission's report, the arrests from the Vantnlaramoolai Eastern University refugee camp were the largest of this District. The arrests took place on 5 September and 24 September 1990. 158 people were arrested on the first day, while 16 others were taken into custody on the second day. A list containing the names of 158 people reported as missing was produced before this Commission and 83 witnesses testified to the disappearances of 92 people out of the 158 reported above. Evidence was also given regarding 10 of the 16 people who disappeared during the subsequent arrest.
According to the evidence, nearly 45,000 people had taken refuge since July 1990 following the outbreak of violence in the vicinity of the university. The refugee camp was administered by Mano Sabaratnam, Thangamuthu Jayasinghan, and Velupody Sivalingam. It was supported by Non-Governmental organizations during this period. On 5 September 1990, by about 09:00, soldiers from Kommathurai army camp, along with personnel from some other army camps, arrived in a government owned bus and entered the premises of the Eastern University. This was followed by an announcement using an amplifier fitted to a white colored van asking the refugees to form into three different queues; people aged 12 to 25 in the first row, people aged 26 to 40 in the second row, and persons over 40 years of age in the third row. People in the three queues were asked to pass through a point where five people clad in masks and army uniforms were seated in chairs along with seven Muslims, standing behind the masked people.
Whenever the people in the masks gave a signal, people in the queues were taken away to the side. When this operation was completed, 158 people who were pulled out from the queues were taken away by the Army despite protest from their kith and kin. There was evidence to show that the arrests were done by the Kommathurai Army camp with the assistance of personnel from other army camps, and that the following Army officers were directing the operations: Capt. Munas, Capt. Palitha, Capt. Gunarathna, Major Majeed and Major Monan. Some of these names are aliases. There was also evidence to show that Gerry de Silva had visited the refugee camp on 8 September 1990 and had told the officers responsible for the administration of the refugee camp that all 158 people taken into custody on 5 September were found guilty. However, he declined to say what happened to them after they were found guilty. There was further evidence showing that one of the officers in charge of the refugee camp made a request to the army personnel in charge of the operations to give a list of persons arrested. However, there was no response.
It also transpired in evidence that Mr Thalayasingam, the Chairman of the Peace Committee, had received a letter in October, 1990 from A. W. Fernando, Air Chief Marshal, who was then the Secretary to the Minister of State for Defence, wherein it stated that on 5 September 1990, only 32 people were taken into custody from the Eastern University Refugee camp, and that all had been released within 24 hours of arrest. The letter contained a list of 32 names of people alleged to have been released. However the Commission was informed that none of those who were arrested had returned either to the said refugee camp or to their homes and still remain missing.
Day of remembrance.
The incident and the related massacres of civilians has become an annual event of remembrance in Batticaloa.

</doc>
<doc id="6944096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944096" title="Frank Bathe">
Frank Bathe

Francis Leonard Bathe (born September 27, 1954) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played nine seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Detroit Red Wings and Philadelphia Flyers.
Playing career.
The former Philadelphia Flyers defenceman is the son of Alan Bathe, who signed as a free agent with the Maple Leafs. Sporting a full beard and a head of shaggy red hair made him a true standout on the ice. He was known as a fighter. He won the Barry Ashbee Trophy for best Flyers defenceman in 1982. A back injury ended his NHL career in 1984.
Currently residing in southern Maine, Bathe is a successful business owner and the father of five children. His son, Landon Bathe, followed in his father's footsteps to professional hockey, signing a contract with the Phoenix Coyotes in 2004, only to encounter a similar career-ending injury. His daughter, Carrlyn Bathe, has worked as a sideline analyst for the Los Angeles Kings.

</doc>
<doc id="6944098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944098" title="Warren P. Watters">
Warren P. Watters



</doc>
<doc id="6944107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944107" title="Kids story">
Kids story



</doc>
<doc id="6944110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944110" title="Scottish MPs">
Scottish MPs



</doc>
<doc id="6944111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944111" title="Live at Newport II">
Live at Newport II

Live at Newport II was the third live recording released by the Toshiko Akiyoshi – Lew Tabackin Big Band and the second release of music from the band's performance at the 1977 Newport Jazz Festival (following "Live at Newport '77").
It was reissued in 2006 on BMG Records.
Track listing.
LP side A
LP side B

</doc>
<doc id="6944114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944114" title="Morocco Bound">
Morocco Bound

Morocco Bound is a farcical Edwardian musical comedy in two acts by Arthur Branscombe, with music by F. Osmond Carr and lyrics by Adrian Ross. It opened at the Shaftesbury Theatre in London, on 13 April 1893, under the management of Fred J. Harris, and transferred to the Trafalgar Square Theatre on 8 January 1894, running for a total of 295 performances. A young George Grossmith, Jr. was in the cast (where he made the most of the small role of Sir Percy Pimpleton by adding ad-libs), as was Letty Lind. Harry Grattan and Richard Temple later joined the cast.
This musical opened in the same year as Gilbert and Sullivan's "Utopia, Limited" and shared a number of features with that opera, including a distant, exotic locale, and both presented British archetypes as exemplars. "Morocco Bound" crystallized the music-hall influenced "variety musical" form and was more representative than "Utopia" of the prevailing taste of London theatre audiences, which was turning away from comic opera.
Synopsis.
An Irish adventurer enlists the help of a retired costermonger and an assortment of British characters to travel to Morocco, where the Irishman had hopes of winning the right to sell theatre concessions. Once there, he fools the local Vizier into believing that his companions are representatives of "the flower of the British music hall" and eventually secures his business venture.

</doc>
<doc id="6944115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944115" title="ST3">
ST3

ST3 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6944121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944121" title="Adam Chambers (footballer)">
Adam Chambers (footballer)

Adam Craig Chambers (born 20 November 1980) is a former professional footballer who last played for Walsall. His previous clubs include West Bromwich Albion, Sheffield Wednesday, Kidderminster Harriers and Leyton Orient.
Career.
Chambers was born in Sandwell, West Midlands. His early career mirrored that of his twin brother James Chambers. Both played for school football teams - Grove Vale Primary School and Dartmouth High School, West Bromwich District and Sunday league team - Holy Name F.C. before joining West Bromwich Albion in 1996, and signing for West Bromwich Albion as apprentices in July 1997. After progressing through Albion's youth system, both twins turned professional in January 1999. In the 1998–99 season they became the first twins to represent England at any level when they appeared together during the World Youth Tournament in Nigeria. Adam made his first team debut for Albion on 9 September 2000, coming on as a substitute in a 0–0 draw away at Stockport County. His brother James, who had made his own debut during the previous season, played the entire match, making it the first time that twins had featured alongside each other for Albion. He scored his first and what turned out to be only goal for West Brom in a 2–0 win over Portsmouth on 24 February 2001. On 26 December 2002, they became the first twins to play together in the Premier League when they lined up against Arsenal, albeit that they were only on the field together for two minutes.
Adam played more than 60 times for Albion, but often struggled to hold down a first team place. During the 2003–04 season, he went on loan to Sheffield Wednesday. In February 2005, Chambers' contract at Albion was terminated by mutual consent, and he briefly joined Kidderminster Harriers.
Injury ruled him out of the 2005–06 season completely and he signed a one-year deal with Leyton Orient at the beginning of 2006–07. On 5 February 2007, Chambers signed a two-and-a-half-year contract which keeps him at the club until the end of the 2008–09 season. His performance in Orient's 3–1 home win over Port Vale on 20 October 2007 earned him a place in the League One Team of the Week.
Chambers scored his first goal for 15 months in the 2–1 defeat to Southend United on 28 December 2009 with a 20-yard volley.
After being released from Leyton Orient, Walsall signed Chambers on 8 July 2011 on a 1-year deal, with an option of a further year. Chambers scored on his competitive debut against former club Orient with a stunning top corner drive.
Honours.
Walsall
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="6944127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944127" title="Little Willie Littlefield">
Little Willie Littlefield

Willie Littlefield, Jr., billed as Little Willie Littlefield (September 16, 1931 – June 23, 2013), was an American R&amp;B and boogie-woogie pianist and singer whose early recordings "formed a vital link between boogie-woogie and rock and roll". Littlefield was regarded as a teenage wonder and overnight sensation when in 1949, at the age of 18, he popularized the triplet piano style on his Modern Records debut single, "It's Midnight". He also recorded the first version of the song "Kansas City" (originally issued as "K. C. Lovin'"), in 1952.
Career.
Early career.
Littlefield was born in El Campo, Texas, and grew up in Houston with his mother. By 1947, at the age of sixteen, he was already a local attraction in many of the clubs on Dowling Street in Houston and was recording for Eddie Henry, a local record shop proprietor who ran his own label, Eddie's Records. He formed his first band with the saxophonist Don Wilkerson, a friend from school.
Other major influences on Littlefield's style were the Texas musicians Charles Brown and Amos Milburn.
His first recording, "Little Willie's Boogie", was a hit in Texas in 1949 and brought him to the attention of Jules Bihari, of Modern Records in Los Angeles, who was searching for a performer to rival the success of Amos Milburn.
Success at Modern records.
Littlefield returned to Modern Records and recorded "It's Midnight". It reached number three on the "Billboard" R&amp;B chart, and its follow-up, "Farewell", reached number five. He became a major nightclub attraction and recorded with West Coast musicians such as Maxwell Davis. Don Wilkerson, Littlefield's schoolmate and the leading saxophone player in his band, also travelled to Los Angeles, but Milburn promptly persuaded him to lead Milburn's new band, the Aladdin Chickenshackers.
One of his 1950 recordings, "Happy Pay Day", written by Jack Holmes, was later rewritten by Holmes with entirely different lyrics as "The Blacksmith Blues", which became a hit for Ella Mae Morse.
In 1951, his duet with Little Lora Wiggins, "I've Been Lost", reached number 10 on the R&amp;B chart.
In 1952 he moved to the Federal subsidiary of King Records. His first session for Federal produced "K. C. Loving", written by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller and later re-recorded by Wilbert Harrison as "Kansas City".
In the late 1970s he toured Europe successfully, settling in the Netherlands and releasing a number of albums from 1982 into the late 1990s for the Oldie Blues label from Martin van Olderen.
Retirement and comeback.
After touring for more than 50 years, Littlefield stopped in 2000. After five years of retirement in his adopted home country, the Netherlands, he decided to play again, starting in 2006, declaring, "I went fishing for five years – now I know every herring in Holland by name – it got boring. I feel great and I want to be back with my audience."
In his later years Littlefield continued to perform occasionally, mainly at festivals, particularly in the UK. In 2008 he played at the 20th Burnley Blues Festival, in 2008, and at the 5th annual UK Boogie Woogie Festival at Sturminster Newton in Dorset, in July 2009. He performed at Shakedown Blues Club, at Castor Village Hall, near Castor, Peterborough, in 2006 and made a return appearance in October 2010.
He died at his home in Voorthuizen, Netherlands, in 2013, at the age of 81. He had cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="6944130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944130" title="Joe Wenderoth">
Joe Wenderoth

Joe Wenderoth (born 1966) is an American writer, performer, teacher, and film-maker. He has published six books: four books of poetry, an epistolary novel, and a book of essays. Wenderoth curates "The Seizure State", which appears in the Brooklyn-based magazine "Gigantic". He also produces "About Brett Favre", which is the podcast associated with "The Seizure State".
Wenderoth's work is widely anthologized, and has been published in collections and periodicals such as "Harper's", "The Nation", "The Anchor Book of New American Short Stories", "Best American Poetry 2007", "Best American Essays 2008", "Poetry 180", "The Next American Essay", "The Best American Prose Poems: From Poe To Present", "The Body Electric", "The New American Poets: A Bread Loaf Anthology", and "American Poetry: Next Generation".
In 2003, the One Yellow Rabbit theater company performed an adaptation of Wenderoth's "Letters To Wendy's". The adaptation was done by Bruce McCulloch (of The Kids in the Hall) and Blake Brooker, both of whom also starred in the production.
In 2007, Wenderoth performed in collaboration with Gibby Haynes (of the Butthole Surfers) in Brooklyn at the Issue Project Room.
Wenderoth is a full professor in the graduate Creative Writing Program at the University of California at Davis.
Originally from Baltimore, Maryland, Wenderoth earned his M.F.A. from Warren Wilson College.
Bibliography.
Poetry
Essays

</doc>
<doc id="6944143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944143" title="Di Reilly">
Di Reilly



</doc>
<doc id="6944155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944155" title="Mark Wahlberg">
Mark Wahlberg

Mark Robert Michael Wahlberg (born June 5, 1971), formerly known by his stage name Marky Mark, is an American actor, producer, and former rapper. His work as a leading man spans the comedy, drama, and action genres. He has received multiple accolades, including a BAFTA Award, and nominations for two Academy Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, and nine Primetime Emmy Awards.
Wahlberg was born in Boston. As a youth, he took part in a number of violent and racially motivated attacks, resulting in a felony conviction. He gained fame as a member of the hip hop group Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch in the 1990s, with whom he released the albums "Music for the People" (1991) and "You Gotta Believe" (1992). Wahlberg made his screen debut in "Renaissance Man" (1994) and had his first starring role in "Fear" (1996). He received critical praise for his performance as porn actor Dirk Diggler in "Boogie Nights" (1997).
In the early 2000s, Wahlberg ventured into big-budget action movies, such as "The Perfect Storm" (2000), "Planet of the Apes" (2001), and "The Italian Job" (2003). He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for playing a police officer in the crime drama "The Departed" (2006). He was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor for portraying Micky Ward in the sports drama biopic "The Fighter" (2010); as co-producer, he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture. During the 2010s, Wahlberg landed successful comedy roles with "The Other Guys" (2010), "Ted" (2012), "Ted 2" (2015), "Daddy's Home" (2015), and "Daddy's Home 2" (2017). He also starred in the "Transformers" franchise films ' (2014) and ' (2017). He was the world's highest-paid actor in 2017.
Wahlberg served as executive producer of five HBO series: the comedy-drama "Entourage" (2004–2011), the period crime drama "Boardwalk Empire" (2010–2014), the comedy-dramas "How to Make It in America" (2010–2011) and "Ballers" (2015–2019), and the documentary "McMillions" (2020). He is co-owner of the Wahlburgers chain and co-starred in the reality TV series about it. Wahlberg received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2010.
Early life and family.
Mark Robert Michael Wahlberg was born on June 5, 1971, in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts. He is the youngest of nine children, including actor Robert and singer/actor Donnie. His mother, Alma Elaine (née Donnelly; 1942–2021), was a bank clerk and a nurse's aide, and his father, Donald Edmond Wahlberg Sr. (1930–2008), was a U.S. Army veteran of the Korean War. After his parents divorced in 1982, he divided his time between them.
Wahlberg's father was of Swedish and Irish descent. His mother was of Irish, English and French-Canadian ancestry. On his mother's side of the family, he is distantly related to author Nathaniel Hawthorne. Wahlberg was raised Catholic.
Career.
Music career.
Wahlberg first came to fame as the younger brother of Donnie Wahlberg of the successful boy band New Kids on the Block. Mark, at age 13, was one of the group's original members, along with Donnie, but quit after a few months. Danny Wood, Jordan Knight, Jonathan Knight and Joey McIntyre all joined the group after Mark had left.
In 1990, Wahlberg began recording with dancers/rappers Scott Ross (Scottie Gee), Hector Barros (Hector the Booty Inspector), Anthony Thomas (Ashley Ace), and Terry Yancey (DJ-T) as Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch, earning a hit with "Good Vibrations" from their debut album "Music for the People". The record, produced by brother Donnie, hit number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100, later becoming certified as a platinum single. The second single, "Wildside", peaked at number five on "Billboard"s Hot Singles Sales chart and number 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was certified as a gold single. Marky Mark opened for the New Kids on the Block during their last tour. Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch also had their own video game, titled "Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch: Make My Video", which, despite the band's success, was a huge flop. The second Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch LP, "You Gotta Believe", was not as successful as the first, yielding only a minor hit single in the title track.
In December 1992, while performing on the British TV show "The Word", Wahlberg praised Shabba Ranks, who had stated gay people should be crucified. GLAAD condemned him and berated Calvin Klein for using him to promote their products. A self-titled autobiographical picture book, "Marky Mark", with images taken by Lynn Goldsmith and statements mostly by him, was also released. Trying to resuscitate his music career, he had shifted to Hamburg, where he was produced under the label of East West Records by Frank Peterson and Alex Christensen.
Wahlberg later collaborated with the late reggae/ragga singer Prince Ital Joe on the album "Life in the Streets". The project combined rap vocals, electronic-infused ragga, and "European dancefloor" music, delivering the singles "Happy People", German number one hit "United", "Life in the Streets", and "Babylon", with Peterson and Christensen as producers. Many of these tracks featured on the film "Renaissance Man", starring Wahlberg and Danny Devito.
In 1995, he released a single titled "No Mercy", in support of his friend Dariusz Michalczewski, whom he had befriended earlier in the 1990s. Michalczewski also appears in the music video of the song. Wahlberg and Prince Ital Joe released another album in 1995 for Ultraphonic Records. Titled "The Remix Album", it featured remixes from the duo's previous album, "Life in the Streets", as well as Mark's solo track, "No Mercy".
After his album with Ital Joe became a hit in Germany, he started putting together a musical act called One Love with him as its producer and also sometimes its lead singer. He also started production on a third studio album. He featured in their song titled "That's the Way I Like It". In 1996, Wahlberg returned to Hamburg to record a solo single titled "Hey DJ" with producer Toni Cottura. Two more solo tracks titled "Feel the Vibe" and "Best of My Love" were released in 1997.
In 2000, he was featured in the Black Label Society music video for "Counterfeit God", as a stand-in for the band's bassist.
Film and TV career.
In 1993, Wahlberg made his acting debut in the television film "The Substitute". After this appearance, he dropped the "Marky Mark" name. His big screen debut came the next year, with the Danny DeVito feature "Renaissance Man". A basketball fanatic, he caught the attention of critics after appearing alongside Leonardo DiCaprio in "The Basketball Diaries" (1995), a film adaptation of the Jim Carroll book of same name, playing the role of Mickey. He had his first starring role in James Foley's thriller film "Fear" (1996).
He earned positive reviews after films such as "Boogie Nights" (1997), "The Big Hit" (1998), "Three Kings" (1999), "The Perfect Storm" (2000), and "Four Brothers" (2005). During the early 2000s, Wahlberg appeared in remakes of 1960s films such as "Planet of the Apes" (2001), "The Truth About Charlie" (2002) (a remake of the 1963 film "Charade"), and "The Italian Job" (2003). His performance in "I Heart Huckabees" was voted the best supporting performance of the year in the 2004 "The Village Voice" Critics Poll. Wahlberg was originally cast as Linus Caldwell in "Ocean's Eleven", but Matt Damon played the role instead. The two later worked together in "The Departed". Wahlberg was also considered for a role in the film "Brokeback Mountain". It was originally intended to star Wahlberg and Joaquin Phoenix (with whom he appeared in the 2000 film "The Yards") as Ennis Del Mar and Jack Twist, respectively, but both actors were uncomfortable with the film's sex scenes. The roles ultimately went to Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal, both of whom were nominated for Academy Awards for their performances.
Wahlberg starred in the American football drama "Invincible" (2006), based on the true story of bartender Vince Papale. He was also executive producer and appeared in the HBO series "Entourage" (2004–2011) and its follow-up film (2015), which was loosely based on his experiences in Hollywood. In 2006, he appeared as Sean Dignam, an unpleasant, foul-mouthed Massachusetts State Police staff sergeant in Martin Scorsese's critically acclaimed thriller, "The Departed", which netted him an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor, a Golden Globe nomination for Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture, and a National Society of Film Critics Best Supporting Actor award. Wahlberg was reunited with his "The Basketball Diaries" co-star Leonardo DiCaprio.
Despite his felony conviction, which legally prohibits him from handling firearms, Wahlberg prepared for his role in "Shooter" (2007) by attending long-range shooting training at Front Sight Firearms Training Institute near Pahrump, Nevada. He was able to hit a target at 1,100 yards on his second day, a feat which usually takes weeks to achieve. He had said in a number of interviews that he would retire at the age of 40 to concentrate on parenthood and professional golf. However, in early 2007, he indicated that the latter was no longer the plan as "his golf game is horrible". In 2007, he starred opposite Joaquin Phoenix in "We Own the Night", a movie about a family of police officers in New York City.
He starred in M. Night Shyamalan's "The Happening" as Eliot Moore, which premiered in movie theaters on June 13, 2008. The same year, he played the title role in "Max Payne", based on the video game of the same name. While promoting "Max Payne", Wahlberg became involved in a playful feud with The Lonely Island's Andy Samberg. Samberg had done an impression of Wahlberg in a "Saturday Night Live" sketch titled "Mark Wahlberg Talks to Animals". Wahlberg later appeared in a follow-up sketch parodying the original one, Samberg's impression of Wahlberg, and his own threats to Samberg. He played Jack Salmon, the father of the protagonist, Susie, in Peter Jackson's "The Lovely Bones" (2009), a film adaptation of the Alice Sebold book of the same name.
In 2010, Wahlberg appeared with Steve Carell and Tina Fey in the romantic comedy "Date Night", starred with Will Ferrell in the buddy cop film "The Other Guys", and starred with Christian Bale in the boxing drama film "The Fighter". In 2012, he starred as a former criminal in the action thriller "Contraband", and also starred in Seth MacFarlane's hit comedy "Ted", reprising his role in the 2015 sequel. Wahlberg later starred as Navy SEAL Marcus Luttrell in the war film "Lone Survivor" (2013), based on Luttrell's 2007 book of the same name. The film received commercial success and mostly positive reviews, and Wahlberg's performance was highly praised. Also in 2013, he starred in the true crime film "Pain &amp; Gain" alongside Dwayne Johnson, and the action comedy film "2 Guns" alongside Denzel Washington. 
In 2014, Wahlberg starred in the remake of "The Gambler", the 1974 James Caan film that was loosely inspired by the Dostoyevsky novella. Also in 2014, Wahlberg was the producer of the reality show "Breaking Boston", which was pulled off the air after its premiere had 311,000 viewers. He executive-produced one episode of "Wahlburgers", while co-starring in it. 
Walhlberg also starred in two films in the "Transformers" live-action film franchise: ' (2014) and ' (2017). In 2015, he starred opposite Will Ferrell in the comedy "Daddy's Home", reprising his role in the 2017 sequel. In 2016, he starred in two Peter Berg films, "Deepwater Horizon", a film about the 2010 "Deepwater Horizon" oil spill, and "Patriots Day," a film about the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing. 
Wahlberg topped the list of the world's highest-paid actors in 2017. In 2018, his salary of $1.5 million for the reshoots for "All the Money in the World" stirred a gender pay gap controversy, as his co-star Michelle Williams had received less than $1,000 for the same reshoots. Wahlberg donated the money to the Time's Up initiative, a movement against sexual harassment co-founded by Williams. In 2018, he starred in the family comedy-drama film "Instant Family".
Wahlberg produced and starred in the espionage film "Mile 22" (2018), and appeared in the Netflix film "Spenser Confidential" (2020), and the animated movie "Scoob!" (2020), which was his first voice acting role. In 2022, Wahlberg starred in the "Uncharted" film, as Victor Sullivan, having originally been cast to play Nathan Drake years prior. He then starred in the family movie "Arthur the King" (2024), and the action films "The Family Plan" (2023, Apple TV+), "The Union" (2024, Netflix), and "Flight Risk" (2025).
Besides "Entourage", Wahlberg was also executive producer of the period crime drama "Boardwalk Empire" (2010–2014), the comedy-dramas "How to Make It in America" (2010–2011) and "Ballers" (2015–2019), and the documentary "McMillions" (2020).
Other ventures.
Advertising.
Wahlberg first displayed his physique in the "Good Vibrations" music video and most prominently in a series of underwear ads for Calvin Klein (1992) shot by Herb Ritts, following it with Calvin Klein television advertisements. 
Magazine and television promotions sometimes featured Wahlberg exclusively or accompanied by model Kate Moss. Annie Leibovitz also shot a famous session of Wahlberg in underwear for "Vanity Fair"'s annual Hall of Fame issue. He also made a workout video titled "The Marky Mark Workout: Form... Focus... Fitness" ().
In 2012, Wahlberg began serving as a brand ambassador for Marked, a line of sports nutrition supplements by GNC.
In March 2017, AT&amp;T announced that Wahlberg would become a spokesman and he would create original content for the mobile network division.
Business interests.
Wahlberg is a co-owner of Wahlburgers, along with his brothers Donnie and Paul. It was Mark's idea to expand Paul's restaurant in Hingham, Massachusetts into a full-fledged chain, with a reality show to promote it.
In July 2013, Wahlberg bought an equity interest of the Barbados Tridents cricket team. Wahlberg was introduced to the game by his friend Ajmal Khan, the club's chairman and Caribbean Premier League founder. Following the announcement, Wahlberg stated, "I am a huge cricket fan now. I'm excited to be a part of the Limacol Caribbean Premier League because I know cricket is huge in the Caribbean and a rich part of the region's heritage. Sports and entertainment are a powerful combination, and the LCPL will appeal to a huge audience worldwide."
In 2015, Wahlberg recruited rapper Sean Combs and billionaire Ronald Burkle to join him in investing in Aquahydrate, a bottled water brand Wahlberg discovered. Together, the three men own a majority stake in the company. Wahlberg, together with former GNC executive Tom Dowd, co-founded Performance Inspired, a sports nutrition company launched in 2016. In February 2017, Wahlberg was one of the investors who took part in a $6 million funding round for StockX, a sneaker resale marketplace. In March 2019, Wahlberg bought a stake in the F45 fitness franchise.
On July 20, 2018, Wahlberg and his business partner, Jay Feldman, announced the purchase of Bobby Layman Chevrolet in Columbus, Ohio. The dealership was renamed Mark Wahlberg Chevrolet. Due to the success of the dealership, local ABC affiliate WSYX reported in March 2020 that Haydocy Buick-GMC, right across the street from Mark Wahlberg Chevrolet, had filed paperwork with Ohio Secretary of State Frank LaRose to rename itself Mark Wahlberg Buick-GMC; Feldman later confirmed that he and Wahlberg were purchasing their second General Motors dealership in the city. The deal became official on June 29, 2020, and also included Haydocy's Airstream and RV dealership, located next door at the car dealership's former Oldsmobile showroom. Shortly afterward, Wahlberg and Feldman announced they were purchasing Jack Maxton Chevrolet in nearby Worthington, Ohio, their fourth Columbus-area dealership, with plans to rename it Mark Wahlberg Chevrolet of Worthington. A fifth dealership, Mark Wahlberg Chevrolet of Avon, was added in Avon, Ohio in July 2021; unlike the other dealerships, the Avon location is in Greater Cleveland, marking Wahlberg and Feldman's entry into Northeast Ohio.
In 2021, Wahlberg, along with his producing partner/manager Stephen Levinson, launched Ballers Report, an online platform (and spin-off of their HBO series "Ballers") that features inspiring business, entertainment and sports articles, videos and podcasts.
In 2021, he invested in the Tequila brand Flecha Azul.
In 2023, Wahlberg became Chief Brand Officer for F45 Training.
Legal issues.
Wahlberg took part in racially motivated attacks as a teenager, in 1986 and 1988. In June 1986, 15-year-old Wahlberg and three friends chased three black children while yelling "Kill the nigger, kill the nigger" and throwing rocks at them. The next day, Wahlberg and the others followed a group of mostly black fourth-graders (including a victim from the previous day) taking a field trip on a beach, yelled racial epithets, threw rocks at them, and "summoned other white males who joined" in the harassment. In August 1986, civil action was filed against Wahlberg for violating the civil rights of his victims, and Wahlberg and his friends were issued a civil rights injunction which served as a warning that they would be jailed if they committed another hate crime.
In April 1988, Wahlberg, then 16, assaulted a middle-aged Vietnamese-American man on the street, calling him a "Vietnam fucking shit" and knocking him unconscious with a large wooden stick. Later the same day, he attacked Johnny Trinh, another Vietnamese-American, punching him in the eye. When Wahlberg was arrested and returned to the scene of the first assault, he told police officers: "I'll tell you now that's the mother-fucker whose head I split open." Wahlberg later said he was on PCP at the time. Investigators noted that Wahlberg "made numerous unsolicited racial statements about 'gooks' and 'slant-eyed gooks. He was arrested for attempted murder. He was charged with two counts of assault and battery with a dangerous weapon, one count of marijuana possession, and criminal contempt for violating the prior civil rights injunction he received in 1986. He pleaded guilty to felony assault and was sentenced to three months in jail, but served only 45 days of his sentence. Wahlberg believed he had left the second victim permanently blind in one eye, though Trinh later said that he had actually lost his eye during the Vietnam War while serving in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam.
In August 1992, Wahlberg fractured the jaw of his neighbor Robert Crehan. Court documents state that Wahlberg, "without provocation or cause, viciously and repeatedly kicked" Crehan in the face, while another man, Derek McCall, held the victim on the ground. Wahlberg's attorney claimed that Wahlberg and McCall, who is black, were provoked after McCall was called a racial slur by Crehan. The lawsuit was settled between the two parties, avoiding a criminal trial.
In 2006, Wahlberg said the right thing for him to do would be to meet with Trinh and make amends. Wahlberg engendered controversy in 2014 by applying for a pardon for his convictions from the State of Massachusetts. According to the BBC, the debate about his suitability for a pardon raised "difficult issues, with the arguments on both sides being far-reaching and complex". Wahlberg later said he regretted the attempt to obtain a pardon, and his petition was closed after he failed to answer a request from the pardon board as to whether he wanted it to remain open. In 2016, Wahlberg said he had met with Trinh and apologized "for those horrific acts". Trinh released a public statement forgiving Wahlberg.
Personal life.
Wahlberg started dating Rhea Durham in 2001. They had three children during the first seven years of their relationship, and married on August 1, 2009, at the Good Shepherd Catholic Church in Beverly Hills, near where they lived. They had another child five months after their wedding in January 2010.
Wahlberg was booked to fly on American Airlines Flight 11 on September 11, 2001, but his plans changed the day before and he cancelled his reservation. He travelled instead to Toronto to attend the Toronto International Film Festival. He received backlash for stating in a 2012 interview, "If I was on that plane with my kids, it wouldn't have went down like it did". He added that "there would have been a lot of blood in that first-class cabin and then me saying, 'OK, we're going to land somewhere safely, don't worry. He issued an apology after family members of those killed on the flight expressed outrage.
Wahlberg is Catholic, and has described his religion as "the most important part" of his life; he goes to Mass twice on Sundays. He fervently supports same-sex marriage despite the Church's opposition. In September 2015, he apologized to Pope Francis over the crude jokes he made in the film "Ted", and he stated in an interview with Cardinal Blase Cupich of Chicago in 2017 that he sought forgiveness from God for playing a porn star in "Boogie Nights". He later stated on Andy Cohen's radio show that the interview "was a joke taken too seriously". In 2023, Wahlberg stated that the Christian practices of fasting and prayer during Lent were meaningful to him, as he discussed using the "Hallow" Christian prayer app.
Wahlberg established the Mark Wahlberg Youth Foundation in May 2001 for the purpose of raising and distributing funds to youth service and enrichment programs. Wahlberg is active with The Good Shepherd Center for Homeless Women and Children.
In 2022, Wahlberg and his family moved from Hollywood to Las Vegas.

</doc>
<doc id="6944158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944158" title="White Park Cattle">
White Park Cattle



</doc>
<doc id="6944159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944159" title="(If There Was) Any Other Way">
(If There Was) Any Other Way

"(If There Was) Any Other Way" is a song by Canadian singer Celine Dion. It was included on her first English-language album, "Unison" (1990). "(If There Was) Any Other Way" was released by Columbia Records as the album's lead single in Canada on 26 March 1990. The next year, it was issued as the second single in other countries. The song was written by Paul Bliss, while production was handled by Christopher Neil.
After its release, "(If There Was) Any Other Way" received positive reviews from music critics. The song peaked at number 23 in Canada and number 35 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. Additionally, it became a success on the adult contemporary charts, reaching number eight in the United States and number 12 in Canada. Two accompanying music videos for the song were filmed. Dion performed "(If There Was) Any Other Way" during her Unison Tour (1990–91).
Background and release.
In 1990, Dion was preparing to issue her first English-language album, "Unison". After releasing various French-language albums in Canada and France in the '80s, she recorded new English songs in London, Los Angeles and New York. At first, "Unison" was released in Canada, and "(If There Was) Any Other Way" was chosen as its lead single. Written by British musician, Paul Bliss, and produced by British record producer, Christopher Neil, it was issued on 26 March 1990.
One year later on 18 March 1991, "(If There Was) Any Other Way" was released as the second single in the United States after "Where Does My Heart Beat Now". For the US market the single was remixed by Walter Afanasieff. This US version features a different audio mix from the Canadian single version and the album version: reverb has been applied throughout (most noticeably to Dion's vocal track), the guitars have been rebalanced so that they are less audible in some places in the song and more prominent in others, the drum track features "rimshot" effects during the chorus, additional synthesizer lines have been overdubbed onto the existing keyboard track (most noticeably in the bar before the instrumental break), and the fadeout has been slightly extended in length. It was also used in the American music video of the song that year. Additionally "(If There Was) Any Other Way" was remixed by Daniel Abraham, a French record producer living in New York. His dance remixes appeared on a promotional US single.
"(If There Was) Any Other Way" was also released as a single in selected European countries, Australia, and Japan in June 1991.
Critical reception.
AllMusic's senior editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine picked the song as an album standout along with "Where Does My Heart Beat Now". Larry Flick from "Billboard" noted that Dion "continues to soar" with a "spirited, up-tempo" song. He complimented the "crystalline production and shimmering backup vocal support combined with a passionate lead performance". Dave Sholin from the "Gavin Report" wrote about the song: "Nothing like witnessing the growth and development of a genuine artist. Celine definitely falls into that category, capturing the hearts of Americans the way she's been doing in her native Canada for the past several years. Switching from torch song to snappy rhythm affords listeners an opportunity to hear another side of this wonderful talent". "Music &amp; Media" noted that "talented Canadian chanteuse enters the Whitney Houston racket" and described it as "satisfying AC pop." Christopher Smith from TalkAboutPopMusic described it as a "pop-soft rock mid tempo number".
Commercial performance.
In Canada "(If There Was) Any Other Way" entered the "RPM" Top Singles chart on 31 March 1990 and peaked at number twenty-three on 9 June 1990. The song also entered the "RPM" Adult Contemporary chart on 24 March 1990 and reached number twelve there. In the United States "(If There Was) Any Other Way" debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, dated 6 April 1991, and peaked at number thirty-five on 1 June 1991. The track also entered "Billboard"'s Adult Contemporary chart dated 30 March 1991, reaching number eight.
Music video.
There were two music videos made for the song. The first one was directed by Derek Case and released in March 1990 for the Canadian market. The second one was filmed for the US market in Los Angeles, California, and Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. It was directed by Dominic Orlando and premiered in March 1991. The two videos were included separately on Dion's 1991 home video "Unison", depending on the Canadian or US release.
Live performances.
Dion performed "(If There Was) Any Other Way" on a few Canadian television shows in 1990. She also sang it on the Canadian/US variety show, "Super Dave" and performed it in Norway in 1991. It was included in her Unison Tour as well.

</doc>
<doc id="6944161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944161" title="Teuge">
Teuge

Teuge is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland, between Apeldoorn and Deventer. It is part of the municipality of Voorst. Its population is around 800 people and it is best known for being the location of Teuge International Airport. The main access road is the N344. Since 2001, Ecotribe Teuge is a squatted former barracks.
History.
The village was first mentioned in 1333 or 1334 as "oppen Toghe". The etymology is unknown.
Teuge was home to 537 people in 1840. In 1935, Teuge Airport was constructed. The airport was enlarged by the Germans during World War II and an assembly hall was constructed for V-1 and V-2 flying bombs. In 1960s flight schools started to use the airport. In the 1950s, refugees from the Republic of South Maluku were housed in barracks near the village. In 1958, a wooden chapel was built by the Moluccans, however it was demolished in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="6944163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944163" title="Alejandro Valverde Belmonte">
Alejandro Valverde Belmonte



</doc>
<doc id="6944165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944165" title="Sanaharib Malki">
Sanaharib Malki



</doc>
<doc id="6944166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944166" title="Clipstone Brook">
Clipstone Brook



</doc>
<doc id="6944169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944169" title="Alexandro Valverde">
Alexandro Valverde



</doc>
<doc id="6944171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944171" title="2003 Confederations Cup">
2003 Confederations Cup



</doc>
<doc id="6944173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944173" title="1999 Confederations Cup">
1999 Confederations Cup



</doc>
<doc id="6944176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944176" title="Melvin Gaels">
Melvin Gaels



</doc>
<doc id="6944183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944183" title="Alessandro Valverde">
Alessandro Valverde



</doc>
<doc id="6944185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944185" title="Banel Nicolita">
Banel Nicolita



</doc>
<doc id="6944186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944186" title="Bela Illes">
Bela Illes



</doc>
<doc id="6944187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944187" title="Information for Social Change">
Information for Social Change

Information for Social Change (ISC) is an international, volunteer-based association, whose primary mission is to debate and comment on issues of social justice, censorship, freedom and ethics in the library and information field. Information for Social Change can be described as an activist organization of library and information professionals. An important aspect of the mission is for members to debate and challenge dominant paradigms or perspectives in the library and information sector. The scope of Information for Social Change is not, however, limited to the traditional library sector, but encompasses a broad spectrum of issues impacting access to information, information literacy and the wider role of information users in society. Information for Social Change supports conferences and collaborates with a range of literacy activists groups. ISC self-publishes their scholarly journal, ISC journal which is published online. Their webpage is (https://informationforsocialchange.wordpress.com and the international standard serial number for the ISC journal is: (print) | (online). Information for Social Change is part of the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ).
Notes.
 (print) | (online)
This page cited from ISC Web site and ISC Policies.

</doc>
<doc id="6944190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944190" title="Benjamin Mosco">
Benjamin Mosco



</doc>
<doc id="6944191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944191" title="Benjamin Zarandona">
Benjamin Zarandona



</doc>
<doc id="6944192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944192" title="Benno Mohlmann">
Benno Mohlmann



</doc>
<doc id="6944193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944193" title="Bernabe Ferreyra">
Bernabe Ferreyra



</doc>
<doc id="6944195" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944195" title="Birk Engstrom">
Birk Engstrom



</doc>
<doc id="6944196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944196" title="Spatio-temporal database">
Spatio-temporal database



</doc>
<doc id="6944198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944198" title="Bjorgolfur Hideaki Takefusa">
Bjorgolfur Hideaki Takefusa



</doc>
<doc id="6944202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944202" title="Deciding Match! VS Regice!!">
Deciding Match! VS Regice!!



</doc>
<doc id="6944204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944204" title="Bernd Forster">
Bernd Forster



</doc>
<doc id="6944209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944209" title="Stockport County fans">
Stockport County fans



</doc>
<doc id="6944217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944217" title="FloMax">
FloMax



</doc>
<doc id="6944219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944219" title="Glen Shee">
Glen Shee

Glen Shee () is a glen in eastern Perthshire, Scotland. Shee Water flows through the glen. The head of the glen, where Gleann Taitneach and Glen Lochsie meet, is approximately 2 km north-west of the Spittal of Glenshee; it then runs south-east to Bridge of Cally where it merges with Strathardle to form Glen Ericht. Once known as the glen of the fairies it takes its name from the Gaelic "sith" meaning fairy and the old meeting place at the standing stone behind the present day church is called "Dun Shith" or Hill of the Fairies.
The main settlement is the Spittal of Glenshee, now by-passed, which has a historic hotel, first run by monks from Coupar Angus Abbey to provide shelter and hospitality for travellers, hence the name "Spittal", an outdoor activity centre, self-catering lodges, the church and an original General Wade humpback bridge. The first record of a refuge for travellers there dates back to 961 AD. Over the centuries it has had an unenviable record of being destroyed by fire and in 1959 it was destroyed to be rebuilt in a Scandinavian style only to completely destroyed again in 2014. Currently it is a burned out shell.
Other old settlements are at Finegand, Dalnaglar, Lair where there is a craft shop, cafe and tourist information point known as The Wee House, Cray, Mountblair, Blacklunans, Glenkilrie, Dalrulzion, Blackwater and Persie.
At the Spittal, the Allt Lochay and Allt Beag join to form the Shee Water, which changes its name at Blacklunans to the Blackwater and eventually joins the River Ardle to form the River Ericht.
The A93 road, part of General Wade's military road from Perth to Fort George, runs north through the glen and on into Glen Beag, where it crosses the Cairnwell Pass, which at an elevation of is the highest public road in the UK. The road climbing to the summit is now wide and straight but until the late 1960s included two notorious hair-pin bends with a 1 in 3 (33%) gradient known as the Devil's Elbow. One of the most spectacular roads in Scotland, this was a favourite subject for postcards. It was so steep that at the bottom buses unloaded passengers who had to walk to the top and until it was rebuilt the AA maintained a well in a layby for overheating engines. Locally the pass is still known simply as "the Elbow". At Dalrulzion, the B950 leads off to Strathardle and Kirkmichael village (4 miles) and at the Lair the B951 leads over into Glenisla. The long established caravan site at Dalrulzion is a favourite with weekenders from Dundee and Fife. Between Finegand and the Lair is the historic Cockstane (Clach Na Coileach), the ancient meeting place of the Clan MacThomas. There is a car park and information board with all the history. Current members of the Clan MacThomas from across the world gather here regularly.
The Glenshee Ski Centre sits at the head of the Cairnwell Pass and is Scotland's biggest, with 21 lifts spread over four mountains and three glens and associated hire shops, cafes etc. Informal skiing started there in the 1930s, with the first tow being set up by the Dundee Ski Club in 1947. In the 1960s with road improvements easing access, the Glenshee Chairlift Company was set up, modern facilities were built and business boomed throughout the 1970s and 80s. A succession of mild winters and poor skiing conditions led to the Ski Company going into receivership but a management buyout ensured skiing survived and once again business is good.
Glenshee is known for high snowfalls and the A93 features regularly on the list of roads closed in adverse weather.
The old Church of Scotland kirk at the Spittal has regular services and its scenic setting makes it a popular wedding venue. There are disused churches at Netherton, Persie and Cray. The former Glenshee Lodge mansion became home to the Compass Christian Centre in the 1980s and provides a wide range of outdoor and indoor activities as well as courses and classes.
Dalnaglar Castle dates back to the 16th century and the current castle was built by the architect responsible for Balmoral Castle in the 19th century. It now provides tourist accommodation specialising in field sports and weddings.
The old Glenshee Hall opposite Glenshee Lodge has been demolished but Blackwater Hall has been completely refurbished and modernised and is home to many local groups and functions.
Branching off at the Spittal is the private road up Glen Lochsie leading to Dalmunzie Hotel whose scenic 9-hole golf course opened in 1922, having been laid out by leading course designers Dr McKenzie and James Braid. The Dalmunzie Railway formerly ran from the hotel up to grouse moors.
Hotels serving the glen sit at either end (Bridge of Cally Hotel to the south and Dalmunzie House Hotel to the north) and in Kirkmichael but there were at one time hotels at Blackwater (the Blackwater Inn which before that was a garage/shop/petrol station), Dalrulzion (the Dalrulzion Hotel, once a popular ceilidh venue), at Blacklunans (the Drumore Hotel) and at the Spittal..
In the 1960s a basic Fire Station consisting of an ex-army Nissen Hut was built by Perth &amp; Kinross Fire Service within Finegand Farm steading with the appliance manned by local volunteers. In the 1990s this was replaced by a one alongside the A93 just south of Finegand with a modern appliance still manned by volunteers now trained by the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service.
Shops/post offices serving the glen are at Kirkmichael and Bridge of Cally. At one time there was a shop/post office at Blacklunans.
Primary school children now attend Kirkmichael Primary and secondary pupils Blairgowrie High but there were originally primary schools at Strone of Cally, Blackwater and Glenshee. The former Blackwater School is now an outdoor centre for Dundee city schools.

</doc>
<doc id="6944221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944221" title="Gleiwitz Raid">
Gleiwitz Raid



</doc>
<doc id="6944223" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944223" title="1961 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season">
1961 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season

The 1961 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season was the 13th F.I.M. Road Racing World Championship Grand Prix season. The season consisted of eleven Grand Prix races in five classes: 500cc, 350cc, 250cc, 125cc and Sidecars 500cc. It began on 23 April, with Spanish Grand Prix and ended with Argentine Grand Prix on 15 October.
Standings.
Scoring system.
Points were awarded to the top six finishers in each race. Only the best of six races were counted in 125cc, 250cc, 350cc and 500cc championships, while in the Sidecars, the best of four were counted.
125cc.
Constructors' standings.
Each constructor is awarded the same number of points as their best placed rider in each race.

</doc>
<doc id="6944224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944224" title="Cardiff Corinthians Football Club">
Cardiff Corinthians Football Club



</doc>
<doc id="6944229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944229" title="Johan Wohlert">
Johan Wohlert

Johan Haslund Wohlert (born 10 March 1976) is the bass player of Danish indie band Mew. He previously left the band on 11 April 2006, because he did not feel that he could be a rock star and a good father at the same time. He was boyfriend to Pernille Rosendahl, vocalist of the band Swan Lee, who is also the mother of his child, Tristan, who was born in May 2006.
Johan Wohlert and Pernille Rosendahl formed a new band, The Storm, in 2007 and released their first album "Where the Storm Meets the Ground" in February 2008. The album was not well received by the Danish critics or public.
Johan went to folkeskole at Bernadotteskolen and is a graduate from Østre Borgerdyd Gymnasium.
In June 2014, his return to Mew was announced at the Aarhus, Denmark, based music festival NorthSide Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="6944230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944230" title="Krazy Krazy">
Krazy Krazy

Krazy Krazy Audio Video Warehouse was a Canadian retailer of consumer audiovisual electronics. In operation from 1983 to 2009, the chain began to decline in the late 1990s and 2000s due to the changing consumer electronics market. Although no longer operating as a national chain, a few former franchise locations remain in business as independently operated local stores.
Background.
The company was established in 1983 by Michael McKenna and Daniel Behune, opening its first location in Vancouver, British Columbia. It soon began expanding nationally, both by opening new company-owned locations and through a franchise deal which resulted in the rebranding of Windsor businessman Bill McKay's existing McKay's Television and Appliances chain. However, the franchise deal led to some friction: as McKay's franchised company had a stronger credit rating than the McKenna-Behune parent corporation, the chain was ordering all of its appliances through McKay, who tried to petition McKenna and Behune's company into receivership in 1987 over unpaid revenue compensation. The deal resulted in a split between the two companies, with McKenna and Behune rebranding their stores as Multitech Warehouse Direct, while McKay became the sole owner of the Krazy Krazy brand name thereafter.
Krazy Krazy.
Under McKay's ownership, the chain served markets in Ontario, Manitoba and Alberta, with 20 locations at its peak. It was sued by Alberta's provincial Ministry of Consumer and Corporate Affairs in 1989 due to allegations of false advertising, including bait and switch tactics under which customers who wanted to purchase a product at the advertised price were allegedly pressured to purchase a similar but higher-priced product instead, and allegations that the firm was advertising "no interest" sale prices which had interest already hidden in the advertised sale price. The company denied the claims, instead asserting that virtually all of the complaints that had been filed resulted from other electronics retailers trying to compete with Krazy Krazy by buying products at Krazy Krazy's special sale prices in order to resell them at a markup.
In the 1990s, the firm began closing some of its stores, with its Calgary location closing in 1992 and both of its stores in Sudbury closing in 2000. By 2009, the company's largest remaining stores, in Winnipeg and Thunder Bay, were closed. The only remaining remnants of the company as of 2018 are the former stores in Sydney, Nova Scotia and Timmins, Ontario, which both retained the Krazy Krazy name when they were bought out by local owners; and the company's former car audio specialty store in Winnipeg, which was bought out by two former employees and now operates as Krazy's.
Multitech Warehouse Direct.
Soon after the split of the original Krazy Krazy franchise agreement resulted in McKenna and Behune's stores being rebranded as Multitech Warehouse Direct, a break-in at Multitech's store in Ottawa resulted in the theft of $30,000 of merchandise.
Multitech Warehouse Direct grew more rapidly at first than McKay's Krazy Krazy, reaching 52 stores in seven provinces across Canada at its peak in 1993. In that year, however, it signed a deal as the exclusive Canadian distributor of Magnavox products, which locked it into purchasing $25 million worth of inventory per year regardless of actual sales; at the same time, its early forays into selling computer products were unsuccessful. The company also had a rocky relationship with Sony, buying Sony products on the grey market in the United States to get around Sony Canada's unwillingness to maintain direct business dealings with Multitech; culminating in a 1993 court case after Sony Canada alleged that Multitech was advertising Sony products at deeply discounted prices, but training its sales staff to disparage the Sony products as defective and not worth purchasing, and instead steering customers to higher-priced competing products.
Multitech was placed in receivership, and its assets liquidated, by 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="6944231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944231" title="Juan Antonio Flecha Giannoni">
Juan Antonio Flecha Giannoni



</doc>
<doc id="6944233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944233" title="Château de Billy">
Château de Billy

The Château de Billy is a ruined 13th – 14th century castle in the town of Billy in the Allier "département" of France.
History.
For the first several centuries of its existence, the Château de Billy was the property of its builders, the Bourbons. The fortified town of Billy and the province of Bourbonnais were part of the domain of the lordship of the Bourbons. Both the castle and the lordship remained powerful until the French Revolution (1789).
Architecture.
The main fortification has an ovoid layout with a hexagonal watchtower which dominates the houses of the town and the medieval streets that curve around the walls of the castle. An imposing châtelet guards the entrance. The southern curtain wall has a walkway that offers a splendid panorama of the Allier valley.
The castle is privately owned and open to the public. It has been listed since 1921 as a "monument historique" by the French Ministry of Culture.

</doc>
<doc id="6944242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944242" title="Bjorn Dahl">
Bjorn Dahl



</doc>
<doc id="6944244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944244" title="Cephas Chimedza">
Cephas Chimedza

Cephas Chimedza (born 5 December 1984) is a Zimbabwean footballer who can play in a number of positions, left back, holding midfielder, attacking midfielder and left side midfield.
In 2004 he was voted soccer star of the year in Zimbabwe.
He was part of the Zimbabwe team at the AFCON in 2006 scoring once against Ghana in a 2 -1 win.

</doc>
<doc id="6944245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944245" title="Chitty Chitty Bang Bang (car)">
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang (car)

Chitty Chitty Bang Bang is the vintage racing car which is featured in the book, musical film and stage production of the same name. Writer Ian Fleming took his inspiration for the car from a series of aero-engined racing cars built by Count Louis Zborowski in the early 1920s, christened "Chitty Bang Bang". The original Chitty Bang Bang's engine was from a Zeppelin dirigible. The name reputedly derived either from the sound it made whilst idling, or from a bawdy song from World WarI.
Six versions of the car were built for the film and several replicas have subsequently been produced. The version built for the stage production holds the record for the most expensive stage prop ever used.
Novel and inspiration.
According to Fleming, the original Chitty Bang-Bang was built in 1920; it used a pre-War Mercedes chassis with a six-cylinder Maybach military aeronautical engine that was typically fitted to Zeppelins. The engine had four overhead valves per cylinder and twin Zenith carburetors; the car was more than with a bonnet long, finished in grey.
In the novel, the car is described as "a twelve-cylinder, eight-litre supercharged Paragon Panther. They only made one of them and then the firm went broke." At the time the Pott family purchased it, the car was a long, low four-seater in wrecked condition, lacking a bonnet and with British racing green paint peeling off in strips. After purchasing the derelict racer, the children excitedly note the old registration tag, "GEN 11", could be construed as "genii", referring to the powerful magical servants. Caractacus Pott restored the car over a period of three months, and noted "certain modifications, certain changes, had, so to speak, taken place all by themselves during the night, when I wasn't there. Certain – what shall I say? – rather revolutionary and extraordinary adaptations" which turn out to allow her to fly (as a flying car) when stuck in traffic, and allow her to float (as a hovercraft) when the family is stranded on a sandbar by the rising tide.
Film cars.
For the 1968 film, at least eight cars were created, with two built as the Paragon Panther prior to its crash:
Only the main road-going version used the registration GEN 11 legitimately until this car was sold in 2011 and it was owned by Pierre Picton of Stratford upon Avon. The other film cars were fitted with engines after filming was complete (except the other road-going car) and were used to promote the film throughout the world. The original racing variant with the British racing green livery and prominent Number 3 shown winning and crashing during the opening credits montage was converted some time after 2010 into a Chitty replica by Gordon Grant.
One of the original cars appeared in a humorous Public information film (PIF) by the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency aimed at British motorists, reminding them to pay their Vehicle excise duty. Ironically, there was criticism as all cars built before 1January 1973, including the Chitty Chitty Bang Bang model, are exempt from vehicle excise duty in the UK. The PIF was a parody of the MGM film.
Chitty Prime (GEN 11).
The primary "Chitty" used to photograph most of the driving sequences in the film is a fully functional road-going car with New Zealand registration GEN 1I (formerly UK registration GEN 11). This car was designed by the film's production designer, Ken Adam, and cartoonist and sculptor Frederick Rowland Emett, built by Alan Mann Racing in Hertfordshire in 1967, fitted with a contemporary Ford 3000 "Essex" V6 engine and automatic transmission and allocated a genuine UK registration. The wooden body was manufactured by ship builders. They employed Architectural Metal Workers, Leonard and Eric Harrington of Ware to manufacture the external metal components. Actor Dick van Dyke, who drove the car in the film, said that "the car was a little difficult to maneuver, with the turning radius of a battleship". Chitty prime is approximately long and weighs . Externally, the main road-going Chitty prime can be distinguished from the other filming models by the presence of small position lights atop the front mud guards to meet motor vehicle standards.
This car was privately owned by Pierre Picton of Stratford-upon-Avon from the early 1970s until May 2011. He made numerous public appearances with the car up until the end of 2010, including stops in Malta (1990) and the city of Norwich in August 2009, to promote the theatre show. In 2002, it was used in an advert for the DVLA warning about road tax evasion. Public appearances of the car in 2010 were listed on the GEN 11 official website, with a note that there will be no more as the car was sent to Los Angeles to be auctioned on 22 May 2011. The auction price was expected to reach US$1–2million, but capped at $805,000 (£495,415) with the winning bid submitted by New Zealand film director Sir Peter Jackson, who according to his spokesperson said he would use it as a charity fund-raising vehicle. It was registered in New Zealand as GEN 1I, as the registration GEN 11 had already been issued.
Chitty Beta.
The second road version, a “slightly smaller car” (supposedly this car was built “slightly narrower” than the other Chitty’s made for the film though this is only rumoured and is unconfirmed by both Pinewood Studios and Alan Mann Racing who made the cars for the film), only appears in the film for around 3 minutes, however viewers have noticed that the wood used for the steering wheel was a darker wood and the wheel also sat higher on the dashboard, has appeared in a quite a few scenes throughout the film, thus speculating that this car was regularly used as a drivable stand in to the Chitty Prime. 
Chitty Beta can be seen in these notable scenes below: 
There are several noted external differences that distinguish the Beta car from the Prime car:
This car may have been the first car made for the production of the film and if it was, the car would have most likely used for additional scenes during early production and others throughout the film. The car was used heavily for preproduction publicity shots. 
This car was used to promote the American release of the film when filming ended. Eventually it was purchased by and displayed at the Cars of the Stars Motor Museum in 2000, where it remained until the Keswick museum closed in 2011. The Cars of the Stars collection was purchased by collector Michael Dezer, where it was displayed in Miami as part of his eponymous collection. Dezer's collection has since moved to Orlando.
This car is now on display at the Stahls Automotive Foundation in New Baltimore, Michigan.
Trailer Chitty (GEM 11).
This engineless Chitty was built for close-ups of the actors while driving; the body was mounted to a trailer and scenes were filmed from cameras on the tow vehicle. It had wings, though they were slightly different than the flying Chitty, and was used for both aerial shots as well as some aquatic scenes, filmed in the Pinewood Studios pool.
In this car, the steering wheel sits higher on the dashboard. In addition, the front position lights are carried at the bottom front edge of each mud guard.
Pierre Picton purchased the trailer Chitty in the early 1970s and had an engine fitted to it; he also modified the front-left mud guard to fly up for his circus act. Picton sold the car shortly afterwards, and the car was publicly displayed at the Heathfield Wildlife Park and The Rotunda in Folkestone before being sold in 1980/81 to collector Anthony Bamford, who registered it under GEM 11. Bamford has occasionally shown GEM 11 at the National Motor Museum in Beaulieu, UK.
Flying Chitty.
One car was built with wings and fiberglass pieces and filmed for flying scenes. The leading edges of the wings house folding propellers. This car was used for publicity stills to promote the film upon its release in 1968 and features prominently in posters.
In 1973, the flying Chitty was sold at auction for and subsequently was displayed at the Cavalcade of Cars, an exhibit at the Gaslight Village amusement park in the Village of Lake George, New York, starting in 1975. After the park closed in 1989, it was sold at auction in 1990 to Jim Rich, a Chicago businessman, who displayed it at his restaurant, Chicago West (billed as "Mona Lisa's Hideaway"), until it was sold again at auction in 2007 for to Ralph Spencer, a Florida resident. The car went through an extensive restoration before being put on temporary display at a Mulch-Production facility in 2018.
Transforming Chitty.
A version with primarily aluminium fittings was built for the tidal scenes when Chitty has become stranded before transforming into a boat. It appears on screen for less than a minute, as its appearance was significantly different from the other Chitty’s; the aluminium was substituted as it was thought the sea and salt air would corrode the brass radiator surround of the primary filming cars. The lighter aluminium car also was hoisted for scenes showing the transformation to flying mode. 
After filming was complete, this car was used to promote the film in Australia. In 1991, it was purchased by and displayed at the Cars of the Stars Motor Museum in Keswick, then sold to Eon Productions in 2000, who used the aluminium Chitty to promote the stage musical. Eon tinted some parts to a brass-like colour to more closely resemble Chitty prime, but the transforming aluminium Chitty retained the original aluminium (silver-coloured) shifter, exhaust, and muffler. As it does not have a MOT certificate of roadworthiness in the U.K., it is not allowed on public roads. In July 2009, the Norwich police barred its use in a parade, as the car was not roadworthy, properly registered or insured.
The transforming aluminium Chitty is on long-term loan from Eon to the National Motor Museum, Beaulieu.
Hovering (boat) Chitty.
The hover-car was a shell mounted on a speed boat, and was destroyed after filming. According to Heather Ripley, who played the role of daughter Jemima Potts, the boat was controlled remotely from the helicopter filming the scene; because the steering wheel was only cosmetic, Dick Van Dyke would spin the wheel without affecting their path.
ex-Racer No. 3 restomod (11 GEN).
One of the racing Paragon Panther cars filmed in the opening scenes as Number 3 was acquired by Gordon Grant and reconstructed as a Chitty replica. Grant previously had built a close replica between 1998 and 2008 using the original plans, which was sold at auction in 2011. The fictional registration "11 GEN" was applied to the refurbished ex-racer, which was completed in time to be displayed at the Brooklands Museum in 2014. It was also on a long-term loan to the Glasgow Transport Museum until 2017 to raise funds for Strathcarron Hospice.
ex-Racer 3 can be distinguished from Chitty prime by its ten exposed lug nuts attaching each front wheel; the front wheel lug nuts of Chitty prime have a red cover installed after filming.
Grant went on to purchase and restore Mr Toad's car from the 1996 film "The Wind in the Willows". Ex-racer no. 3 is now at Beaulieu Motor Museum, where visitors can experience a ride in the car round the estate or watch the car go by. 
Paragon Panther.
The Hollywood Cars Museum in Las Vegas has a Paragon Panther race car with a bare-metal finish, as it appears in the opening sequence of race scenes, prior to its crash. It is displayed in partnership with collector Michael Dezer alongside other cars made famous through film appearances and the Liberace Garage, decorated automobiles previously owned by Liberace.
Replica cars.
Green Chitty (GEN 22).
There is an MGM-licensed replica in the United Kingdom, built by Tony Green from the original plans for a commercial photography business over a three-year period, starting in 2000. The car is roadworthy and has the registration number GEN 22. It weighs around and is nearly long and wide. The brass lamps are all original period pieces and the brass snake horn came from one of the original Chitty cars. The engine is a 3L V6 Ford with a BorgWarner automatic gearbox.
The vehicle currently resides at the Dundee Museum of Transport.
Pointing Chitty.
Another Chitty 'copy' was built by Nick Pointing of the Isle of Wight at the request of his wife Carolyn, a lifelong "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" fan who asked him to build her dream car. The car was built on a 1970s Land Rover chassis and engine and was driven overland to Australia in 2007/8 to raise money for charity.
Grant Chitty (772 YUJ).
A replica Chitty Chitty Bang Bang car built by Gordon Grant made its debut in 2008 at Pinewood Studios and was sold at an auction held on 1 December 2011 at Bonhams at Mercedes Benz World in Weybridge, Surrey, UK, bearing the registration plate WGG 5. The Grant Chitty was started in 1998 and took ten years to complete, using advice, assistance, and original blueprints provided by Peter Lamont, who was the assistant art director for the 1968 film; Denise Exshaw, retired set decorator and widow of Harry Pottle, the art director for the film; Lionel Whitehead, who was the chief mechanic at Alan Mann Racing; and Terry Dan, who had built the original car's wooden bodywork. The wheels were cast from the original car by the original foundry. It is equipped with a Ford V6 and automatic transmission, matching Chitty prime.
The car was later sold to broadcaster Chris Evans after the purchaser found it was too long to fit in his garage. Evans hired Joe Macari to make it road legal in 2012, and it was sold at auction again in 2015. The car, which is now registered as 772 YUJ, has been reported erroneously in several newspapers as the original Chitty prime film car with registration GEN 11.
Rothwell Chitty.
Another replica was built and finished in July 2014 by hospital worker and jeweller John Rothwell from Cambridge. It is based on a Reliant Rialto chassis and took approximately 3 years to build in a small garage rented from the local council. Having a three-wheeler based chassis makes this car unique and also disqualifies it from being a genuine replica. This version of Chitty was used by a local car insurance company for a promotion campaign and is frequently taken to local car shows where it helps to raise money for Addenbrookes Hospital Charitable Trust.
Garofalo Chitty.
A replica car built by retired NYPD police Sergeant, Tony Garofalo, of Long Island, New York, was completed in June 2015 after a 5-year build at a cost of over US$100,000. The car is modelled on the original motion picture car, after Garofalo conducted a personal inspection of two original Chitty Chitty Bang Bang cars. Built on a vintage, road legal, 1914 Overland car, updated with a 1928 Ford Model A engine, the car has automated opening retractable wings and vintage brass adornments. All of the bright work is brass, aluminium, stainless steel and copper to prevent any corrosion. It is reported that over 90% of the car has been fabricated, although the original vintage chassis, drivetrain and rear axle have been retained, with an additional conversion to 12 volts. The car is finely detailed with all of the brass features of the original movie car, including a vintage serpent snake horn from an old Mercedes. Garofalo also owns the original Broadway Stage Production Chitty Chitty Bang Bang car featured in the U.S. Stage tour.
Skinner Chitty.
Richard Skinner of Hampshire built another replica car, completed in 2019. Following two years of research, the car was built from original drawings of the film car, using the same Ford V6 engine and various original Edwardian car parts. The wooden body was constructed using the same afrormosia and obeche wood used in the original.
Mccracken Chitty.
Keith Mccracken from Northern Ireland, UK, started building his replica in 2010 completing it and making it road legal in 2012. It was a built as close as possible to the original car being 18ft long, engine is a 3L V6 Ford with a BorgWarner automatic gearbox and period pieces sourced where necessary.The car can be hired for use at events.
Stage production cars.
New Zealand (1986).
A prop car was built in Christchurch, New Zealand for the first known stage performance of the musical, which opened at the Isaac Theatre Royal on August 23, 1986. The car was built by local Christchurch men Brian Grace and Bryan Sullivan. Little is known about the building of the car but according to cast member Simon Woodley, it had a working petrol engine and was driven on and off stage. It had retractible wings that were used for the flying scene. The car has been on display for many years at the Yaldhurst Museum of Transport &amp; Science in Christchurch.
West End (2002).
Another version of the car, built for the British stage production of the story, debuted at The London Palladium in 2002. Built at a cost of £750,000, the car is listed in Guinness World Records as the most expensive stage prop ever. During a 2002 performance before the then HRH Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles, the prop car collided with a ship when the choreography went awry during a chase scene, bringing the show to a premature end; the audience received complimentary tickets to another performance. It was dismantled after the production ended.
Broadway &amp; US tour (2005).
This prop car is highly detailed and is fully equipped with multiple Stage prop tricks, including computer activated retractable wings and wheels that can tilt for the hovercraft sequence. The car was originally constructed at The Rolling Stock Company of Sarasota, Florida and hydraulics designed and constructed at PRG of New Windsor, New York, under license by Michael Rose and MGM On Stage. It is approximately long, wide, and high; each wing adds to the width when deployed.
It is distinguished most easily by the hourglass shape behind the front grille and the non-functional front suspension, as the beam axle is attached directly to the frame and not the leaf springs. In addition, the rear seat does not have side doors for access.
In July 2014, Tony Garofalo, who completed a Chitty replica on June 30, 2015, acquired the US National Broadway Touring Chitty Chitty Bang Bang Prop Car, by a sale release made by Big League Productions of New York City. The Broadway prop was put up for auction in 2022.
UK/Ireland tour (2015–17).
Another prop car built for the 2015–17 UK/Ireland touring production at a cost of was sold at auction in July 2020. Comedian Jason Manford, who had performed as Caractacus during the tour, was outbid by Bowden Theatre Works, who purchased the prop for . The auction also featured additional props from the production, including a vintage motorcycle, Baron Bomburst's car, and the Child Catcher's cage.
Kennedy Center Honors (2022).
At Dick Van Dyke's 2021 Kennedy Center Honors performance tribute, the car used for the televised event was designed and built by Duane Joseph Olson and crew. The car was used in a rendition of the title number, performed by Pentatonix and Broadway actor Aaron Tveit. The prop was originally built for a staging of the musical at the CENTER for Performing Arts at Rhinebeck in 2018. It is a 3:4 scale replica of the car from the film, and features the deployable wings, inflating flotation devices, and downward-folding wheels. Unlike most replicas, the entire exterior of the car is made of wood. Upon seeing the car himself, Van Dyke himself was quoted saying, "you guys just blew me away. That Chitty is perfect." The car is still owned and managed by Olson. 

</doc>
<doc id="6944249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944249" title="Bjorn Johansen">
Bjorn Johansen



</doc>
<doc id="6944250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944250" title="Bjorn Nordqvist">
Bjorn Nordqvist



</doc>
<doc id="6944252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944252" title="Bjorn Otto Bragstad">
Bjorn Otto Bragstad



</doc>
<doc id="6944254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944254" title="Bjorn Runstrom">
Bjorn Runstrom



</doc>
<doc id="6944255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944255" title="Axel Alonso">
Axel Alonso

Axel Alonso () is an American comic book creator and former journalist, best known as the former editor in chief at Marvel Comics, a role which he held from January 2011 until November 2017. Alonso began his career as a journalist for New York's "Daily News". He later worked as an editor at DC Comics from 1994 to 2000, during which he edited a number of books published under their Vertigo line, such as "Doom Patrol", "Animal Man", "Hellblazer", "Preacher", and "100 Bullets". In 2000, he went to work for Marvel Comics as a senior editor. While there, he edited Spider-Man and X-Men-related books before ascending to vice president, executive editor in 2010, and editor in chief in January 2011, replacing Joe Quesada. He has also worked as a writer and inker.
Early life.
Alonso's father is from Mexico, and his mother is from England. A native of San Francisco, Alonso earned a bachelor's degree in sociology and politics from University of California, Santa Cruz and a master's degree in journalism from Columbia University.
Career.
Alonso began his career as a journalist for New York's "Daily News". He also worked as a magazine editor before he entered the comic book industry. One day, he saw an ad in "The New York Times" for DC Comics editors and thought it would be fun to interview, never thinking he would actually be offered a job, though he ended up being hired by the publisher.
Alonso's first published work for DC Comics was "Doom Patrol" #80 and "Animal Man" #73, which were published in July 1994, the latter of which was part of the company's Vertigo line, which publishes books in genres such as horror and fantasy aimed at mature readers. Other Vertigo titles he edited until 1999 included Garth Ennis' "Preacher", "Black Orchid", "Kid Eternity", "Hellblazer", "Unknown Soldier", "100 Bullets," and "Human Target".
In late September 2000 Alonso went to work at DC's main competition, Marvel Comics, as senior editor where he worked on Spider-Man books such as "The Amazing Spider-Man" and "". His first published work as editor was "The Amazing Spider-Man" trade paperback that collected issues #30 - 32 of that title, and was published in 2001.
Alonso spent more than a decade as an editor at Marvel, working on some of its most notable characters. In 2001, he began editing "The Amazing Spider-Man". He would continue on the title during J. Michael Straczynski's critically acclaimed run on the title, which began in 2001. It was also in 2001 that Alonso helped to create the a Marvel MAX line for mature readers.
In 2002, Alonso, then a senior editor, had lured Frank Cho to Marvel on the basis of Cho's comic strip series "Liberty Meadows". Alonso approached Cho to revamp the third-string character Shanna the She-Devil, a scantily clad jungle girl whom Cho recast in a seven-issue, 2005 miniseries as an Amazonian naïf, the product of a Nazi experiment with the power to kill dinosaurs with her bare hands but an unpredictable lack of morality.
Alonso is also credited with bringing crime writers to work on Marvel titles including Duane Swierczynski and Victor Gischler.
Alonso edited stories featuring the Western character Rawhide Kid, the first of which was the 2003 biweekly Marvel Max miniseries "Rawhide: Slap Leather" by Ron Zimmerman and John Severin, which drew controversy for its depiction of the titular character as a homosexual, albeit through the use of innuendo in the book's design and dialogue. The series was labeled with a "Parental Advisory Explicit Content" warning on the cover. Alonso stated of the miniseries, "We thought it would be interesting to play with the genre. Enigmatic cowboy rides into dusty little desert town victimized by desperadoes, saves the day, wins everyone's heart, then rides off into the sunset, looking better than any cowboy has a right to." Alonso would later edit the 2010 miniseries "Rawhide Kid: The Sensational Seven" by Zimmerman and Howard Chaykin.
Although primarily an editor, Alonso also wrote "Spider-Man: One More Day Sketchbook", a 2007 tie-in book to the "Spider-Man: One More Day" storyline, and inked issues 3 and 4 of the 2008 miniseries "".
Alonso would also oversee critically acclaimed runs on "X-Men", such as "" (2007–08) and "Curse of the Mutants" (2010–11).
He was promoted to vice president, executive editor in early 2010, and oversaw cross-promotional projects such an issue of the "ESPN The Magazine", which depicted several NBA basketball players as Marvel superheroes. The issue was published in October 2010 by ESPN, which like Marvel, is owned by parent company Disney.
In July 2010 Alonso and fellow Marvel Editor Tom Brevoort began a weekly column on Comic Book Resources called "Marvel T&amp;A", a new installment of which appears every Friday, along with Joe Quesada's "Cup O' Joe" column.
On January 4, 2011, Alonso was named editor in chief of Marvel Comics, replacing Joe Quesada, who was named chief creative officer the previous June. In attaining the position of editor in chief, he became only the third person in 15 years to hold the position, and one of the few in the company's history to gain it "without tumult or corporate bloodshed".
The last few years of Alonso's tenure as editor in chief saw Marvel deal with both dwindling sales and public controversies. In May 2016 a storyline that saw Captain America transformed by timeline manipulation into a double agent for the evil, Nazi-like organization Hydra prompted such criticism that Marvel released a statement indicating to readers the character would eventually be reverted to his original benevolent, patriotic identity, which occurred in August 2017. In April 2017 Marvel was subject to substantial criticism on social media after statements made by Vice President of Sales David Gabriel in an interview with ICv2 were understood to mean that retailers attributed poor sales of Marvel books to the company's effort to promote diversity with prominent non-white and non-male characters in starring roles in its books. Gabriel later clarified his words, and stated that Marvel was not abandoning such characters. On November 17, 2017, in the wake of these of controversies, Marvel announced Alonso's replacement as editor in chief by C. B. Cebulski. No reason, however, was given for Alonso's departure or future career plans, though Marvel indicated that Alonso's departure was mutual. In a statement on Twitter, Marvel stated, "Axel Alonso leaves an incredible mark at Marvel. His vision shaped some of our most iconic Super Heroes and stories. We wish him the best."
In 2019, Alonso founded a new comics publisher, Artists, Writers and Artisans as the chief creative officer, or AWA Studios, reuniting him with former Marvel Publisher Bill Jemas. The publisher announced that its first slate of titles would include books by creators such as Peter Milligan, Frank Cho, and Christa Faust. One of its early publications was "The Resistance", a miniseries by J. Michael Straczynski and Mike Deodato, which depicts a global pandemic caused by a pathogen that kills 95 percent of those infected, leaving the remaining 5 percent with superhuman abilities. The series, which was intended to establish a new superhero universe, debuted on March 18, 2020, as the COVID-19 pandemic was taking hold in the United States. The series garnered positive reviews, achieved a rating of 9.0 out of 10 at the review aggregator website Comic Book Roundup, based on 20 reviews.
Personal life.
Alonso and his wife have a son named Tito who was 11 as of March 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="6944256" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944256" title="Bjorn Schlicke">
Bjorn Schlicke



</doc>
<doc id="6944258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944258" title="Bjorn Tore Kvarme">
Bjorn Tore Kvarme



</doc>
<doc id="6944263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944263" title="Bostjan Cesar">
Bostjan Cesar



</doc>
<doc id="6944265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944265" title="Brandaozinho">
Brandaozinho



</doc>
<doc id="6944266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944266" title="Alberto Contador Velasco">
Alberto Contador Velasco



</doc>
<doc id="6944267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944267" title="Branko Brnovic">
Branko Brnovic



</doc>
<doc id="6944272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944272" title="Aenigma">
Aenigma



</doc>
<doc id="6944273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944273" title="Château de Busset">
Château de Busset

The Château de Busset is a castle developed into a "château" in the "commune" of Busset in the Allier department of France. It is the ancestral home of the Bourbon-Busset family. A Swiss conglomerate family currently owns the property. 
The castle remains private property and is not open to public viewing. In 1981, it was listed as a "monument historique" by the French Ministry of Culture.

</doc>
<doc id="6944274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944274" title="Charlie Williams (British writer)">
Charlie Williams (British writer)

Charlie Williams (born 1971) is an English writer. 
Early life and education.
Charlie Williams was born in 1971 in Worcester, England.
He attended Swansea University in Swansea, Wales.
Books.
Five of Williams' novels comprise "The Mangel Series", published between 2004 and 2013. The protagonist is nightclub doorman Royston Blake and the novels are set in the fictional town of Mangel, which is based loosely on Worcester itself. "Deadfolk" was published in 2004, "Fags and Lager" in 2005, "King of the Road" in 2006, "One Dead Hen" in 2011 and "Made of Stone" in 2013. Comic, rural noir in the style of writers such as Jim Thompson, they use a colloquial first-person narrative throughout, in dialect, with Royston Blake as narrator. Thematically the novels explore dysfunctional masculinity and the decline and alienation of provincial Britain, and are littered with references to popular cultural icons of the seventies and eighties (Blake's, and Williams', formative period). 
Previous to the success of the Mangel trilogy, Williams had attempted for some years to break into the horror genre.
Other notable works are the novel "Stairway to Hell" (2009), the novella "Graven Image" (2011), and the screenplay for the short film "Ark".

</doc>
<doc id="6944276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944276" title="José Enrique Gutierrez Cataluna">
José Enrique Gutierrez Cataluna



</doc>
<doc id="6944277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944277" title="The babyshambles">
The babyshambles



</doc>
<doc id="6944281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944281" title="K700">
K700

K700 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6944284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944284" title="Laminates">
Laminates



</doc>
<doc id="6944292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944292" title="Love making">
Love making



</doc>
<doc id="6944298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944298" title="Ænigma">
Ænigma

Ænigma or Aenigma may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6944308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944308" title="Museum of Arts and Design">
Museum of Arts and Design

The Museum of Arts and Design (MAD), based in Manhattan, New York City, collects, displays, and interprets objects that document contemporary and historic innovation in craft, art, and design. In its exhibitions and educational programs, the museum celebrates the creative process through which materials are crafted into works that enhance contemporary life.
History.
The museum first opened its doors in 1956 as the Museum of Contemporary Crafts, with an original mission of recognizing the craftsmanship of contemporary American artists. Nurtured by the vision of philanthropist and craft patron Aileen Osborn Webb, the museum mounted exhibitions that focused on the materials and techniques associated with craft disciplines. From its earliest years, the museum celebrated the changing roles of craftsmanship in society, served as an important advocate for emerging artists, and linked art to industry.
From 1963 to 1987, under the directorship of Paul J. Smith, the museum presented dynamic and often participatory exhibitions that reflected the social currents of the era and broke down hierarchies in the arts with the celebration of popular culture and mundane materials. In 1979, the museum reopened as the American Craft Museum in an expanded location at 44 West 53rd Street. To accommodate its ever-growing programming, the museum relocated again in 1986 to its 18,000-square-foot home at 40 West 53rd Street, where it would remain until 2008.
The next ten years were a period of rapid growth and change, as the American Craft Council was restructured and the museum and the council were established as independent organizations. Holly Hotchner was appointed as director of the museum in 1996, and served as director for 16 years until 2013. Hotchner initiated a comprehensive strategic planning process that expanded the Board of Trustees, curatorial staff, and exhibition and educational program. This process led to the museum's name change, in 2002, to the Museum of Arts and Design to reflect the institution's increasingly interdisciplinary collections and programming. The continued growth of MAD's collections, public programs, and attendance resulted in its successful 2002 bid to the New York City Economic Development Corporation to acquire the building at 2 Columbus Circle.
The museum opened in its new home at 2 Columbus Circle to great controversy. The proposed changes to the building originally designed by Edward Durell Stone sparked a preservation debate joined by Tom Wolfe ("The New York Times"; October 12, 2003 and October 13, 2003), Chuck Close, Frank Stella, Robert A. M. Stern, Columbia art history department chairman Barry Bergdoll, "New York Times" architecture critics Herbert Muschamp and Nicolai Ouroussoff, urbanist scholar Witold Rybczynski, among others. Congresswoman Carolyn B. Maloney (D-NY) referred to it as "one of New York's most photographed and readily recognizable buildings."
The new building was designed by Brad Cloepfil of Allied Works Architecture, in September 2008. With its textured façade of glazed terra-cotta tile and fritted glass, the Jerome and Simona Chazen Building reflects MAD's craft heritage and permanent collections.
From 2013 to 2021, MAD had eleven directors, including six interim directors; this was an unusually high turnover rate compared to the directorships of other museums. In September 2013, Dr. Glenn Adamson was appointed as the museum's new Nanette L. Laitman Director. Previously a vocal critic of the museum, Adamson was characterized as a "bold choice" by the trustees. After a tenure of just over two years, Adamson stepped down from the post. The next permanent director was Jorge Daniel Veneciano, who was appointed in August 2016 and resigned after only five months. Chris Scoates was appointed director of the museum in March 2018 and stepped down in August 2020. Timothy R. Rodgers became MAD's director in 2021.
2 Columbus Circle location.
The new location at 2 Columbus Circle, with more than , more than tripled the size of the museum's former space. It includes four floors of exhibition galleries for works by established and emerging artists; a 150-seat auditorium in which the museum plans to feature lectures, films, and performances; and a restaurant. It also includes a Center for the Study of Jewelry, and an Education Center that offers multi-media access to primary source material, hands-on classrooms for students, and three artists-in-residence studios.

</doc>
<doc id="6944314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944314" title="Śródmieście (dzielnica Warszawy)">
Śródmieście (dzielnica Warszawy)



</doc>
<doc id="6944317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944317" title="Reichsgericht">
Reichsgericht

The (, ) was the supreme criminal and civil court of Germany from 1879 to 1945, encompassing the periods of the German Empire, the Weimar Republic and Nazi Germany. It was based in Leipzig.
The began its work on 1 October 1879, the date on which the " (Imperial Judiciary Acts) came into effect. The acts standardised court types and procedural rules across the newly formed German Empire and established judicial independence and unrestricted access to the courts.
The court's jurisdiction included both criminal and civil cases. It handled appeals, charges of treason and, after 1920, the compatibility of state and national laws. Throughout its life, its major rulings tended to be conservative. They included the conviction of Karl Liebknecht for high treason in 1907, the lenient treatment of the men charged in the 1920 Kapp Putsch and support of the Nazi's antisemitic racial laws.
The was abolished following Germany's defeat in World War II.
Composition and jurisdiction.
The court was headed by a president and a number of senate presidents and counsellors (). The number of civil and criminal senates was determined by the Reich Chancellor until 1924, at which point the Reich minister of justice took over the task. During the imperial period, the president of the , the presidents of the senates and the members of the were appointed by the emperor on the recommendation of the Bundesrat, then during the Weimar era by the Reich president on the recommendation of the Reichsrat. The formal prerequisites for appointment were meeting the general qualifications for the office of judge and having reached the age of 35.
The was a court of general jurisdiction. It ruled on criminal and civil cases (including civil disputes, legal acts of the state in its fiscal capacity, commercial matters and labour law). There was no separate labour court system (") until 1926. The was also responsible for state liability law. As vested competencies, the decided on civil appeals of final judgments and complaints against orders of Higher Regional Courts (). Until 1934, the Reichsgericht ruled in the first and last instance on cases of high treason and treason if the crimes were directed against the German emperor or the state.
From 1920, with the implementation law for of the Weimar Constitution, the also ruled on the compatibility of state and Reich law.
Case law.
Empire.
With the exception of its jurisdiction in matters of treason, the was purely an appellate court during the era of the German Empire. Its task was to ensure uniformity of jurisprudence throughout the territory of the German Empire. A national civil code (the ) went only into effect on 1 January 1900, and the civil law systems of the individual states were not harmonised with one another until this time. The General State Laws for the Prussian States, for the Rhineland, Baden, Saxony and uncodified common law all applied side by side.
Critics saw the as a continuation of the Prussian High Tribunal. The judiciary was characterised by monarchical conservatism. Particularly in the area of criminal law, critical voices were in the minority at the court during the Empire, as they were in other state institutions at the time. In 1912, for example, the court ruled that the publication by the Social Democratic Party (SPD) of a brochure that was aimed at civil servants and called on them to vote for the SPD was offensive. In its verdict of 12 October 1907 in the high treason trial against Karl Liebknecht, the stated that the unconditional obedience of soldiers to the emperor was a central provision of the Constitution of the German Empire. Liebknecht had argued that imperial orders were null and void if they were intended to violate the constitution. He was sentenced to eighteen months in prison for acts preliminary to high treason.
Weimar Republic.
In the Weimar Republic, the court continued in its conservative path, especially in the area of criminal law. In the judgments it handed down on 21 December 1921 in the trial of three participants in the right-wing Kapp Putsch, there was only one conviction – , the interior minister under the putsch government, who was sentenced to the minimum penalty of five years' imprisonment. The criminal proceedings against two co-defendants were dropped because, according to the court, they had not played a leading role in the coup attempt. None of the leaders of the putsch was ever brought to trial.
In the 1921 Leipzig war crimes trials which took place before the , only a few German war criminals were punished. Many cases were dropped, and of the few convictions, the verdicts against two members of the navy for sinking an English hospital ship were later secretly overturned. On 23 November 1931, Carl von Ossietzky was sentenced to 18 months in prison for espionage in the "Weltbühne" trial because an article published in his magazine had revealed the secret and illegal rearmament of the .
Since violence from the right was not countered as forcefully as that from the left – some verdicts in the trials of the right-wing Feme murders in particular justified the accusation – the trial and others like it contributed to the view that the judiciary during the Weimar Republic was "blind in its right eye".
The made some groundbreaking decisions in the field of civil law during the period. Revaluation case law, for example, which developed under the impact of German hyperinflation and the Great Depression, was nothing short of revolutionary. The for the first time granted itself the authority to examine laws for their validity, which led to the previously recognised mark-for-mark principle (par value principle) being abandoned due to the extremely high rate of inflation.
Nazi era.
After Adolf Hitler came to power, the Law on Admission to the Bar forced Jewish and Social Democratic judges (including Senate President and justice ) to resign, and Jewish lawyers at the were prevented from continuing their work.
In the period that followed, the did not oppose the Nazi takeover or the regime's numerous illegal acts. Instead it became deeply entangled in the National Socialist justice system, for example when it sentenced the Dutch communist Marinus van der Lubbe to death on the basis of the retroactively applied Law on Imposition and Enforcement of the Death Penalty in the Reichstag fire trial. The acquittal of the other four defendants was one of the reasons why the was stripped of its jurisdiction in matters of treason in 1934 by the law that established the People's Court.
Germany's annexation of Austria in 1938 led to the dissolution of the Supreme Court of Justice in Vienna and the transfer of its jurisdiction to the . When the measure was implemented on 1 April 1939, the became the supreme court of appeal for Austrian civil cases. Although partial reforms were made to Austrian substantive law, the Austrian General Civil Code remained the applicable private law code in Austria. Meanwhile, the 8th Civil Senate was established at the , to which all legal matters concerning Austria, the Sudeten German territories and the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia were assigned whenever the jurisdiction of the first five senates was not applicable. It was dissolved due to understaffing before the was abolished.
Racial Laws.
In civil law, the handed down decisions – for example on marriage and contract law – that affected the status of Jews under the National Socialist government. In 1935, the wrote:
In 1935, in a further development of the law, the recognised even before the Nuremberg Laws were passed that if a marriage partner was Jewish, it was grounds for annulling the marriage, although a formal legal basis for such terminations was not created until the Marriage Act enacted in 1938. On the interpretation or reinterpretation of contracts with Jews, it ruled that "the National Socialist worldview requires that only those of German origin (and those legally equal to them) be treated as legally valid in the German Reich". With the ruling, the adopted the racist subversion of the private law system that was developed by the German legal scholarship of the time, especially by the (). One of its most important representatives, the legal philosopher Karl Larenz, wrote in 1935, just a few months before the judgment was handed down: "A person is only a legal comrade if he is a national comrade; a national comrade is a person of German blood. Those outside the national community are not within the law."
End of the "Reichsgericht".
Following the collapse of National Socialism with the defeat of Germany, the was dissolved by the Allies in 1945 and was not re-established. The last president of the court, Erwin Bumke, committed suicide two days after the US Army entered Leipzig.
Beginning on 25 August 1945, 39 judges of the (more than one third of the total staff) were arrested by the NKVD (the Soviet secret service). The four survivors were released between 1950 and 1955; the others had starved to death or died of disease.
Provisional supreme courts were formed in the individual occupation zones. In 1950, the newly established Federal Court of Justice () took over the tasks of the for the Federal Republic of Germany. Former judges of the were among the first judges in the court. In 1952, the Federal Court of Justice ruled that the had ceased to exist on 30 October 1945. In the German Democratic Republic, the Supreme Court of East Germany took over the 's duties.
Building.
Located in Leipzig, Saxony, Germany, the building () was designed by Ludwig Hoffmann and Peter Dybwad, and construction was completed in 1895. It is designed in the Italian renaissance style and features two large courtyards, a central cupola and a large portico at the entrance. The rich decorative gable and sculptures are by Otto Lessing. After the German reunification, the former Reichsgericht building was renovated and became the seat of the (Federal Administrative Court).

</doc>
<doc id="6944321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944321" title="Andrés Estrada">
Andrés Estrada

Andrés Estrada Murillo (born November 12, 1967) is a Colombian football (soccer) player in midfielder role.

</doc>
<doc id="6944322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944322" title="José Enrique Gutiérrez Cataluña">
José Enrique Gutiérrez Cataluña



</doc>
<doc id="6944323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944323" title="Goseck enclosure">
Goseck enclosure



</doc>
<doc id="6944326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944326" title="Anywhere (Beth Orton song)">
Anywhere (Beth Orton song)

"Anywhere" is a song by English songwriter Beth Orton, which was released in 2002, both as a CD, and as a DVD (the only Beth Orton release to appear on DVD format) and peaked at #55 in the UK charts. The song appears on the album "Daybreaker".

</doc>
<doc id="6944327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944327" title="Goseck henge">
Goseck henge



</doc>
<doc id="6944329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944329" title="Lacistemaceae">
Lacistemaceae



</doc>
<doc id="6944332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944332" title="Italian invasion of Greece">
Italian invasion of Greece



</doc>
<doc id="6944333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944333" title="Gouffre Jean Bernard">
Gouffre Jean Bernard



</doc>
<doc id="6944336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944336" title="José Enrique Gutierrez">
José Enrique Gutierrez



</doc>
<doc id="6944338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944338" title="Government's Communication Headquarters">
Government's Communication Headquarters



</doc>
<doc id="6944341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944341" title="Argentine cinema">
Argentine cinema



</doc>
<doc id="6944342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944342" title="Joaquin Sanchez Rodriguez">
Joaquin Sanchez Rodriguez



</doc>
<doc id="6944346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944346" title="Joel Dieudonne Epalle">
Joel Dieudonne Epalle



</doc>
<doc id="6944347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944347" title="José E. Gutierrez Cataluna">
José E. Gutierrez Cataluna



</doc>
<doc id="6944350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944350" title="Wola (dzielnica Warszawy)">
Wola (dzielnica Warszawy)



</doc>
<doc id="6944352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944352" title="Johan Thorbjornsen">
Johan Thorbjornsen



</doc>
<doc id="6944354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944354" title="Johannes Hardarson">
Johannes Hardarson



</doc>
<doc id="6944355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944355" title="Johannes Karl Gudjonsson">
Johannes Karl Gudjonsson



</doc>
<doc id="6944356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944356" title="John Alvbage">
John Alvbage



</doc>
<doc id="6944357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944357" title="Johnny Rodlund">
Johnny Rodlund



</doc>
<doc id="6944358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944358" title="Trick (dorama)">
Trick (dorama)



</doc>
<doc id="6944359" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944359" title="Jonas Eduardo Americo">
Jonas Eduardo Americo



</doc>
<doc id="6944360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944360" title="Jonathan Bolanos">
Jonathan Bolanos



</doc>
<doc id="6944362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944362" title="Grain tower">
Grain tower



</doc>
<doc id="6944363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944363" title="Grain silo">
Grain silo



</doc>
<doc id="6944366" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944366" title="Hunter Irrigation">
Hunter Irrigation



</doc>
<doc id="6944376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944376" title="Bielany (dzielnica Warszawy)">
Bielany (dzielnica Warszawy)



</doc>
<doc id="6944385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944385" title="William Viali">
William Viali

William Viali (born 16 November 1974) is an Italian football manager and a former player who played as a defender. He was most recently the head coach of club Reggiana.
Playing career.
Viali was signed outright by Treviso in January 2006. He finished his career with Cremonese in 2010.
Coaching career.
Having been released in 2010 by Cremonese and having decided to retire, Viali became coach of Serie D side Fiorenzuola. After leading the club away from relegation, Viali left the club in 2011. In 2012, Parma announced Viali had become the head coach of their under-16 team.
On 5 December 2017, he was hired as the head coach of Serie C club Cuneo.
On 14 June 2018, he was appointed the new head coach for Novara, which was relegated to Serie C at the end of the previous season.
On 4 June 2019, Novara announced that his contract would not be extended past its expiration on 30 June 2019.
On 28 January 2020, he joined Serie C club Cesena. He left Cesena by the end of the 2021–22 Serie C season.
On 2 November 2022, Viali signed a contract until 30 June 2023 to become the new head coach of Serie B club Cosenza to replace Davide Dionigi, in what was also his first managerial job in the Italian second division. He left Cosenza by the end of the season to sign for fellow Serie B club Ascoli, but was dismissed on 13 November 2023 due to poor results, after achieving only twelve points in the first 13 league games of the season.
On 11 March 2024, Viali returned to Cosenza, agreeing to a contract with the Serie B club until 30 June 2025. He departed the club by the end of the 2023–24 Serie B campaign after the club chose not to confirm him for the new season. On 19 June 2024, Viali was unveiled as the new head coach of fellow Serie B club Reggiana for the 2024–25 season.

</doc>
<doc id="6944392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944392" title="Wawer (dzielnica Warszawy)">
Wawer (dzielnica Warszawy)



</doc>
<doc id="6944394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944394" title="Venturi mask">
Venturi mask

The venturi mask, also known as an air-entrainment mask, is a medical device to deliver a known oxygen concentration to patients on controlled oxygen therapy. The mask was invented by Moran Campbell at McMaster University Medical School as a replacement for intermittent oxygen treatment. Campbell was fond of quoting John Scott Haldane's description of intermittent oxygen treatment; "bringing a drowning man to the surface – occasionally". By contrast the venturi mask offered a constant supply of oxygen at a much more precise range of concentrations.
Use.
Venturi masks are used to deliver a specified fraction of inspired oxygen ("FI"O2). Many masks are color-coded and have a recommended oxygen flow specified on them. When used with this oxygen flow, the mask should provide the specified "FI"O2. Other brands of mask have a rotating attachment that controls the air entrainment window, affecting the concentration of oxygen. This system is often used with air-entrainment nebulizers to provide humidification and oxygen therapy. The total flow of gas (oxygen plus the entrained air) will be greater than the patient's peak inspiratory flow so the delivered "FI"O2 is independent of their respiratory pattern.
A controlled "FI"O2 is particularly important for patients whose ventilation is dependent on hypoxic drive, as may be seen in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Administration of too much oxygen may lead to a reduction in their respiratory rate and retention of carbon dioxide, and ultimately to reduced consciousness or even death.
Mechanism.
The mechanism of action is variously described with reference to the venturi effect or Bernoulli's principle. However, a fixed performance oxygen delivery system works on the principle of jet mixing. Where the flow of moving oxygen meets the static air, viscous shearing causes a predictable amount of the air to be dragged into the flow.

</doc>
<doc id="6944398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944398" title="Thinking About Tomorrow">
Thinking About Tomorrow

"Thinking About Tomorrow" was a 2002 single by English songwriter Beth Orton. It was released on CD, and peaked at #57 in the UK charts. The song appears on the album "Daybreaker" and "". 
The song was also featured in the pilot episode of the ABC show "The Nine", on the soundtrack of the movie "How to Deal" (2003), and on an episode of "Charmed".

</doc>
<doc id="6944401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944401" title="Carlos Sastre Candil">
Carlos Sastre Candil



</doc>
<doc id="6944405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944405" title="El Modena, Orange, California">
El Modena, Orange, California



</doc>
<doc id="6944413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944413" title="Phillan">
Phillan



</doc>
<doc id="6944414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944414" title="Ursus (dzielnica Warszawy)">
Ursus (dzielnica Warszawy)



</doc>
<doc id="6944419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944419" title="José Angel Gomez Marchante">
José Angel Gomez Marchante



</doc>
<doc id="6944421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944421" title="St. Phillan">
St. Phillan



</doc>
<doc id="6944423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944423" title="Humfrey Payne">
Humfrey Payne



</doc>
<doc id="6944431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944431" title="Kuiper Belt objects">
Kuiper Belt objects



</doc>
<doc id="6944432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944432" title="Włochy (dzielnica Warszawy)">
Włochy (dzielnica Warszawy)



</doc>
<doc id="6944433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944433" title="Kim Anderson">
Kim Anderson

Kim Anderson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6944437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944437" title="Bishop of Rochester">
Bishop of Rochester

The Bishop of Rochester is the ordinary of the Church of England's Diocese of Rochester in the Province of Canterbury.
The town of Rochester has the bishop's seat, at the Cathedral Church of Christ and the Blessed Virgin Mary, which was founded as a Catholic cathedral in 604. After the English Reformation, during the late 17th and 18th centuries, it was customary for the Bishop of Rochester to also be appointed Dean of Westminster. The practice ended in 1802. The diocese covers two London boroughs and West Kent, which includes Medway and Maidstone.
The bishop's residence is Bishopscourt in Rochester. His Latin episcopal signature is: "(firstname) Roffen", "Roffensis" being the genitive case of the Latin name of the see. The office was created in 604 at the founding of the diocese in the Kingdom of Kent under King Æthelberht.
Jonathan Gibbs has served as Bishop of Rochester since the confirmation of his election, on 24 May 2022.
History.
The Diocese of Rochester was historically the oldest and smallest of all the suffragan sees of Canterbury. It was founded by St Augustine, who in 604 consecrated St Justus as its first bishop. (After two more Roman bishops, all subsequent bishops until 1066, beginning with Ithamar, were drawn from the Christianised inhabitants of Kent.) The diocesan territory consisted roughly of the western part of Kent, separated from the rest of the county by the River Medway, though the diocesan boundaries did not follow the river very closely. The restricted territory of the diocese meant that it needed only one archdeacon to supervise all 97 parishes.
From the foundation of the see, the Archbishop of Canterbury had enjoyed the privilege of nominating the bishop, but Archbishop Theobald transferred the right to the Benedictine monks of the cathedral, who exercised it for the first time in 1148.
Assistant bishops.
Among those called Assistant Bishop of Rochester, or coadjutor bishop, were:

</doc>
<doc id="6944438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944438" title="Norske Skogindustrier">
Norske Skogindustrier



</doc>
<doc id="6944439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944439" title="Davy Oyen">
Davy Oyen

Davy Oyen (born 17 July 1975) is a Belgian former football defender who ended his football career playing for KVSK United.
He previously played domestically for K.R.C. Genk, K. Sint-Truidense V.V., R.S.C. Anderlecht, K.V.S.K. United Overpelt-Lommel and K.S.V. Roeselare, as well for Dutch club PSV Eindhoven and English club Nottingham Forest.
Personal life.
Oyen is the father of the footballer Luca Oyen.
Honours.
Genk

</doc>
<doc id="6944442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944442" title="Pterandra">
Pterandra

Pterandra is a genus in the Malpighiaceae, a family of about 75 genera of flowering plants in the order Malpighiales. "Pterandra" comprises 15 species of trees, shrubs, and subshrubs, all but two native to South America, principally Colombia, Venezuela, and Brazil; the exceptions ("P. mcphersonii", "P. isthmica") are from Panama.
There are only some ornamental plants introduced in China, and there are no native varieties.
Species.
These three names in "Pterandra" are synonyms and not accepted (Anderson 1997): "Pterandra latifolia" A.Juss. is synonym for "Acmanthera latifolia" (A.Juss.) Griseb.; "Pterandra opulifolia" Rusby is a synonym for "Hiraea opulifolia" (Rusby) Nied.; "Pterandra psidiifolia" A.Juss. is a synonym for "Pterandra pyroidea" A.Juss.

</doc>
<doc id="6944443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944443" title="Chicken reel">
Chicken reel



</doc>
<doc id="6944449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944449" title="Jacques Vallee">
Jacques Vallee



</doc>
<doc id="6944452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944452" title="Wesoła (dzielnica Warszawy)">
Wesoła (dzielnica Warszawy)



</doc>
<doc id="6944456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944456" title="Great Fish">
Great Fish



</doc>
<doc id="6944458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944458" title="Monia Baccaille">
Monia Baccaille

Monia Baccaille (born 10 April 1984 in Marsciano) is an Italian professional cyclist. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's road race, but finished over the time limit.

</doc>
<doc id="6944464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944464" title="Harry Hibbs (musician)">
Harry Hibbs (musician)

Harry Hibbs (September 11, 1942December 21, 1989) was a Canadian musician, Newfoundland's best-known icon for traditional Newfoundland music.
He was born Henry Thomas Joseph Hibbs, September 11, 1942, on Bell Island, Dominion of Newfoundland. He was educated at St. Kevin's High School, Wabana, and moved with his family to Toronto shortly after the death of his father. There, Harry worked at various manufacturing facilities such as an auto parts factory, printing plant, and a munitions factory. At one of these plants he suffered a career changing accident that prevented him from any strenuous work; this led Harry to take up performing music. He had learned this skill from his father, who was an accomplished fiddle player and also played accordion. In addition, His mother had taught him to sing Irish ballads.
Hibbs became a member of the Caribou Show Band that played regularly to expatriate Newfoundlanders living in Toronto. Members of the band at that time were Johnny Burke on bass guitar, Norma Gale, vocals, Brian Barron, mandolin and fiddle, Roddy Lee on drums, Bob Lucier on steel guitar and Harry Hibbs on accordion. Hibbs was signed to Arc Records by Phil Anderson, president of Arc Records, and the first album released in October 1968 with signature song "The Black Velvet Band". In 1968 a weekly television show called "At the Caribou" featuring Hibbs aired on CHCH-TV in Hamilton. Hibbs appeared on many television programs such as "The Tommy Hunter Show", "Singalong Jubilee" and "Don Messer's Jubilee".
Hibbs went on to record 26 albums, of which several went gold. He opened his own nightclub, the "Conception Bay Club", in Toronto in 1978. Hibbs died in Toronto on December 21, 1989, of cancer. Steve Fruitman of CIUT-FM created the Porcupine Award in 1990 for those who deserve recognition for their work in Canadian folklore music. In 1991 the Harry Hibbs Award was inaugurated and its first recipient was Geoff Meeker. This award was eventually renamed the Harry Hibbs Award for Perseverance. In 1993 Harry Hibbs was inducted into the Porcupine Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="6944470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944470" title="Anette Beutler">
Anette Beutler



</doc>
<doc id="6944471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944471" title="Never Let Me Go (1953 film)">
Never Let Me Go (1953 film)

Never Let Me Go is a 1953 British adventure romance film starring Clark Gable and Gene Tierney. The picture, directed by Delmer Daves and produced by Clarence Brown, was from a screenplay by George Froeschel and Ronald Millar, based on the 1949 novel "Came the Dawn" by Roger Bax.
The supporting cast includes Bernard Miles, Richard Haydn, Belita, Kenneth More, Karel Štěpánek, and Theodore Bikel. The movie was shot at MGM's British Elstree Studios and on location in Cornwall. The film's sets were designed by the art director Alfred Junge.
Plot.
Moscow based newspaper reporter Philip Sutherland (Clark Gable) is in love with Marya (Gene Tierney), a ballerina. He and radio broadcaster Steve Quillan (Kenneth More) go to see her perform "Swan Lake" with the Bolshoi Ballet, and a pleased Philip learns that Marya wishes to marry him and accompany him home to San Francisco.
They are married in the U.S. embassy, where they are warned that obtaining an exit visa is often quite difficult. On their honeymoon, they meet Christopher Denny (Richard Haydn), an Englishman married to Marya's good friend Svetlana (Anna Valentina), who is pregnant. But when he is seen taking innocent photographs, Denny is taken into custody and banished from Russia.
Svetlana gives birth to a son in Philip and Marya's apartment. Cold War tensions are heightened, and when the Sutherlands attempt to leave, Marya is detained. Philip flies home alone and is unable to get permission to return.
He travels to London, where he and Joe Brooks (Bernard Miles), an experienced boatman, hatch a scheme to sail to Tallinn where the Bolshoi is scheduled to perform, in order to clandestinely leave with Marya. At first, he asked Christopher to sail with him so that they could also spirit away Svetlana. But, Christopher declines, as he does not want to subject his young son to the rigors of the sea. Before sailing off, Christopher shows up at the dock ready to join the journey, explaining that his son died after becoming ill with a fever just a few weeks prior. Quillan offers to help by giving them coded instructions on his radio broadcasts as to what time they will meet Marya and Svetlana in the Gulf of Finland. At their rendezvous point, Svetlana swims out safely to the boat, but says an added ballet performance has forced Marya to stay behind.
Philip swims ashore. Stealing a medical officer's clothes, he attends the ballet. During the bows at the end of the ballet, Marya pretends to faint after seeing Philip in the audience. After examining her in a backstage room, Philip departs with her (apparently to the hospital). But, dancer Valentina Alexandrovna (Belita) recognizes him as her husband and informs the authorities. The couple flee. In the pursuit their car goes off a pier. They leap safely into the water, and swim together to the dinghy. Philip and Marya embrace as Joe rows them to the boat.
Production.
Kenneth More says he got drunk the night before auditioning so he would not seem too young to play Gable's best friend.
Reception.
According to MGM records the film earned $1,482,000 in the US and Canada and $936,000 elsewhere, resulting in a loss of $86,000.

</doc>
<doc id="6944472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944472" title="Knockdown (song)">
Knockdown (song)

"Knockdown" is a song by English recording artist Alesha Dixon. It was taken from her debut album "Fired Up". The single was commercially released on 30 October 2006, having been made available for legal download the previous week. The song was written by Alesha and the Kent-based production team, Xenomania.
Knockdown is Dixon's lowest charting single to date, peaking at number forty-five in the UK Singles Charts, and spending just four weeks in the charts. As a result of the single's failure, Alesha was dropped from Polydor Records. However, Alesha was signed to Asylum Records, where she has achieved further success under a new label.
Music video.
In the music video, Alesha is in a room pondering out the window and the room breaks up and you see she is around a studio. Alesha is also seen in a black and white outfit with shoulder-length black hair and a bowler hat dancing with backup dancers. She is also seen in an elegant 1950s style dress singing into an old-fashioned microphone. Toward the end of the music video, the song blends into the K-Gee remix, which featuring Alesha rapping.
There is also an alternate version of the video where there is no excerpt from the K-Gee Remix at the end of the video, but is the original ending. Directed by JT.

</doc>
<doc id="6944474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944474" title="Piastów (powiat pruszkowski)">
Piastów (powiat pruszkowski)



</doc>
<doc id="6944476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944476" title="Plum wine">
Plum wine



</doc>
<doc id="6944478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944478" title="156 (song)">
156 (song)



</doc>
<doc id="6944481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944481" title="Home Minister (India)">
Home Minister (India)



</doc>
<doc id="6944483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944483" title="Brave (2005 song)">
Brave (2005 song)



</doc>
<doc id="6944485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944485" title="Plot of Street Fighter II V">
Plot of Street Fighter II V



</doc>
<doc id="6944487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944487" title="Bugeilio'r gwenith gwyn">
Bugeilio'r gwenith gwyn



</doc>
<doc id="6944490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944490" title="David Canada">
David Canada



</doc>
<doc id="6944491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944491" title="Tokyo Juliet (TV series)">
Tokyo Juliet (TV series)

Tokyo Juliet () is a 2006 Taiwanese drama starring Ariel Lin, Wu Chun of Fahrenheit and Simon Yam. It is based on Japanese manga series "Tokyo Juliet", , written by Miyuki Kitagawa. It was produced by Comic Productions () and directed by Mingtai Wang (). It was broadcast on cable TV Gala Television (GTV) Variety Show/CH 28 (八大綜合台) on 3 June 2006 to 23 September 2006.
At the time the drama was filmed, Wu Chun was a relatively new actor and spoke unsatisfactory Mandarin, so producers had his voice dubbed over by Julian Yang ().
Synopsis.
Lai Sui is an upcoming fashion designer who had her designs "Little Daisy", which she drew when she was 5 years old, stolen by Chu Xing (Simon Yam), a fashion 'genius'. Even though Chu Xing is a fashion genius, he still feels the need to steal designs from an up-and-coming designer. Sui believes this theft is the cause of her parents' separation, because her mother left her father for Chu Xing after he dedicated the "Little Daisy" clothing line to her since she had been one of his models. At the opening ceremony of her university, Bao Cheng Institute, she openly embarrasses and challenges Chu Xing, promising she will become a much more prominent designer than him and cause his downfall. Privately, Sui also vowed she would not fall in love until her promise is fulfilled. However, she soon changes her mind when she meets the attractive, flirty and popular senior Ji Feng Liang (Wu Chun). To her dismay, she finds out that he is both Chu Xing's one and only son and the young boy she knew at that party! There are many surprises in store for Sui as she tries to outmaneuver Chu Xing's plans to ruin her while still striving to keep a steady relationship with Liang. Then again, in the world of fashion nothing is secure...
Cast.
Supporting cast.
Roger Sheung as Ah Gong
Soundtrack.
Tokyo Juliet Original Soundtrack () was released on June 8, 2006 by various artists under HIM International Music It contains 13 tracks, in which 6 tracks are various instrumental versions of the songs. The opening theme is track 1 "Upwind 逆風" by Garden Sister, while the closing theme is track 3 "I'm No One's But Yours 非你莫屬" by Ariel Lin. The Soundtrack also comes with a bonus VCD.

</doc>
<doc id="6944494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944494" title="Corey Fuller">
Corey Fuller

Corey Bushe Fuller (born May 1, 1971) is an American football coach and former player. He has been Florida State football Director of Football Relations since Jan 28, 2022. He was the interim head football coach at Florida A&amp;M University in 2014. Fuller was promoted from defensive backs coach to interim head coach after having been the head football coach at East Gadsden High School from 2010 to 2012. He played in the National Football League (NFL) for ten seasons, from 1995 to 2004, with the Minnesota Vikings, Cleveland Browns, and Baltimore Ravens. In his NFL career, Fuller played in 152 games, intercepting 17 passes for 145 yards and one touchdown.
A 5'10", 209-lb. defensive back from Florida State University, Fuller was selected by the Vikings in the second round (55th overall) of the 1995 NFL draft. He played high school football at James S. Rickards High School.
Following a 1996 game between the Minnesota Vikings and the Green Bay Packers, Fuller was fined $30,000 for poking the left eye of Packers center Frank Winters.

</doc>
<doc id="6944499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944499" title="David Canada Gracia">
David Canada Gracia



</doc>
<doc id="6944500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944500" title="Christophe Lauwers">
Christophe Lauwers

Christophe Lauwers (born 17 September 1972) is a Belgian former professional footballer who played as a striker. He collected two caps for the Belgium national team.
Later life.
In 2007, after his retirement from playing professional football, Lauwers worked as a bus driver in Bruges.

</doc>
<doc id="6944506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944506" title="Henry Thomas Joseph">
Henry Thomas Joseph



</doc>
<doc id="6944512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944512" title="David Cañada García">
David Cañada García



</doc>
<doc id="6944515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944515" title="K.S.C. Eendracht Aalst">
K.S.C. Eendracht Aalst



</doc>
<doc id="6944516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944516" title="A nine days' wonder">
A nine days' wonder



</doc>
<doc id="6944518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944518" title="A Gal In Calico">
A Gal In Calico



</doc>
<doc id="6944522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944522" title="(There's) Always Something There To Remind Me">
(There's) Always Something There To Remind Me



</doc>
<doc id="6944529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944529" title="Anderson-Higgs mechanism">
Anderson-Higgs mechanism



</doc>
<doc id="6944534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944534" title="(I Got A Woman Crazy For Me) She's Funny That Way">
(I Got A Woman Crazy For Me) She's Funny That Way



</doc>
<doc id="6944536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944536" title="John McCallum (strength training writer)">
John McCallum (strength training writer)



</doc>
<doc id="6944542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944542" title="Crying In the Chapel">
Crying In the Chapel



</doc>
<doc id="6944546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944546" title="Czy nastanie znów świt">
Czy nastanie znów świt



</doc>
<doc id="6944548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944548" title="D'yer Wanna Be A Spaceman?">
D'yer Wanna Be A Spaceman?



</doc>
<doc id="6944569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944569" title="Koldo Gil Perez">
Koldo Gil Perez



</doc>
<doc id="6944574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944574" title="Transdnestria">
Transdnestria



</doc>
<doc id="6944581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944581" title="Koldo Gil Pérez">
Koldo Gil Pérez



</doc>
<doc id="6944592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944592" title="Deutsch Grammophon">
Deutsch Grammophon



</doc>
<doc id="6944597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944597" title="Ernst Carl Gerlach Stueckelberg">
Ernst Carl Gerlach Stueckelberg



</doc>
<doc id="6944600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944600" title="Dmitry Sinitsyn">
Dmitry Sinitsyn

Dmitry Vladimirovich Sinitzyn (; born 29 October 1973 in Yekaterinburg) is a Russian nordic combined athlete who competed from 1997 to 2002. He won two bronze medals at the 1999 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Ramsau (15 km individual and 4 x 5 km team).
Sinitzyn also earned three individual career victories in 1997 (two individual, one sprint).

</doc>
<doc id="6944603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944603" title="The Stuff of Villains">
The Stuff of Villains



</doc>
<doc id="6944605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944605" title="List of My Parents Are Aliens episodes">
List of My Parents Are Aliens episodes

This is the entire list of episodes of "My Parents Are Aliens", which were broadcast on ITV from 8 November 1999 to 18 December 2006.
Series overview.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6944616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944616" title="List of pseudorandom number generators">
List of pseudorandom number generators



</doc>
<doc id="6944636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944636" title="Christopher J. King">
Christopher J. King

Chris King is a Democratic politician, who represented Pennsylvania's 142nd Representative District in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 2007 to 2008.
King grew up in Middletown Township, Bucks County. King is a graduate of Neshaminy High School and Millersville University.
In 2002, King entered the race for state representative only three months before the general election, as a late replacement for the Democratic candidate who withdrew. Against incumbent Matt Wright, King took 41% of the vote in the loss.
In 2006, King made a second run at the state house. In the primary election, he defeated Democrat Larry Lefkowitz with more than two-thirds of the total vote. This time, with many incumbents hobbled by the fallout of the 2005 legislative pay raise, King defeated Wright, taking 52.5% of the vote.
In 2008, he was defeated for re-election by Republican Frank Farry.

</doc>
<doc id="6944637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944637" title="Hushang (name)">
Hushang (name)

Hushang, Hooshang, Hoshang or Houshang (), is a Persian male given name popular in Iran.
Etymology.
The Avestan equivalent of Hushang is . Older sources interpreted the second part of the name as , composed of 'dwelling' and 'giving rise to', thus meaning 'he who produces good dwellings' or 'promoter of culture and sedentary living'. According to another interpretation, the second part of the name is a variant of 'selecting, deciding', giving the whole name * the meaning 'good (religious) choice'.

</doc>
<doc id="6944639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944639" title="Brittle–ductile transition zone">
Brittle–ductile transition zone

The brittle-ductile transition zone (hereafter the "transition zone") is the zone of the Earth's crust that marks the transition from the upper, more brittle crust to the lower, more ductile crust. For quartz and feldspar-rich rocks in continental crust, the transition zone occurs at an approximate depth of 20 km, at temperatures of 250–400 °C. At this depth, rock becomes less likely to fracture, and more likely to deform ductilely by creep because the brittle strength of a material increases with confining pressure, while its ductile strength decreases with increasing temperature.
Depth of the Transition Zone.
The transition zone occurs at the depth in the Earth's lithosphere where the downward-increasing brittle strength equals the upward-increasing ductile strength, giving a characteristic "saw-tooth" crustal strength profile. The transition zone is, therefore, the strongest part of the crust and the depth at which most shallow earthquakes occur. Its depth depends on both strain rate and temperature gradient; it is shallower for slow deformation and/or high heat flow and deeper for fast deformation and/or low heat flow. Crustal composition and age also affect the depth: it is shallower (~10–20 km) in warm, young crust and deeper (~20–30 km) in cool, old crust.
Changes in Physical Properties.
The transition zone also marks a shift in the electrical conductivity of the crust. The upper region of the Earth's crust, which is about 10–15 km thick, is highly conductive due to electronic-conducting structures which are commonly distributed throughout this region. In contrast, the lower region of the crust is highly resistive and its electrical conductivity is determined by physical factors such as depth and temperature. Although the transition zone generally marks a shift from brittle rock to ductile rock, exceptions exist in certain conditions. If stress is applied rapidly, rock below the transition zone may fracture. Above the transition zone, the rock may deform ductilely if pore fluids are present and stress is applied gradually.
Examples exposed on land.
Sections of fault zones once active in the transition zone, and now exposed at the surface, typically have a complex overprinting of brittle and ductile rock types. Cataclasites or pseudotachylite breccias with mylonite clasts are common, as are ductilely deformed cataclasites and pseudotachylites. These sections become exposed in geologically active regions where the transition zone is located the seismic zone, where most shallow earthquakes occur. A major example of this phenomenon is the Salzach-Ennstal-Mariazell-Puchberg (SEMP) fault system in the Austrian Alps. Along this fault line, researchers have directly observed changes in structure and strength profiles in transition zone.

</doc>
<doc id="6944642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944642" title="‘ ’">
‘ ’



</doc>
<doc id="6944646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944646" title="Robin Lloyd-Jones">
Robin Lloyd-Jones

Robin Lloyd-Jones (5 October 1934 – 5 September 2024) was a British writer of both fiction and non-fiction.
Life and career.
Lloyd-Jones was born in London on 5 October 1934. He grew up in India, before being educated at Blundell's School in Devon and Selwyn College, Cambridge, where he graduated with a pass degree in social anthropology in 1957. He then moved to Scotland to work as an Education Adviser for Strathclyde Regional Council. He soon became part of the vibrant Scottish writing scene, serving as President of the Scottish Association of Writers (1993–1996) and President of the Scottish Branch of PEN International (1997–2000), and chairing the Writers in Prison Committee which campaigns on behalf of persecuted writers. He was for several years a tutor in Creative Writing at the University of Glasgow.
Lloyd-Jones died on 5 September 2024, at the age of 89.
Publications.
Articles.
Many articles for "Scots Magazine", the "Scotsman", the "Glasgow Herald", the "Guardian", the "Times Educational Supplement" and other journals. Description of a moonlight climb anthologised in "The Winding Trail" (Diadem, 1981).

</doc>
<doc id="6944650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944650" title="Brittle strength">
Brittle strength



</doc>
<doc id="6944651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944651" title="The Covenant">
The Covenant



</doc>
<doc id="6944654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944654" title="Asser Kuveri Kapere">
Asser Kuveri Kapere

Asser Kuveri Kapere (born 11 June 1951) is a Namibian politician. He is a member of SWAPO and was the Chairman of the National Council of Namibia from December 2004 to December 2015.
Career.
Kapere was born in the small town of Omaruru in the Erongo Region of Namibia. He worked as a teacher at St. Theresa Secondary School in Tses from 1974 to 1975 and joined SWAPO in 1975. He was Chairperson of SWAPO's Arandis Branch from 1980 to 1982 and SWAPO's Chairperson for the Western Region from 1983 to 1990. He also became a member of the SWAPO Regional Executive Committee for Erongo Region in 1983 and was President of the Mineworkers Union of Namibia from 1987 to 1991.
He has served in several political positions and offices in Namibia following independence, including Commissioner of the Western Region (1990–1992) and Governor of the Erongo Region (1992–1999); he has also been the Regional Councillor for the Arandis Constituency since 1992. He became Vice-President of the Association of Regional Councils (ARC) in 1997, then President of ARC in 1999. He was first elected to the National Council as a member from Erongo Region in 1999, and he subsequently served in the Cabinet as Deputy Minister for Works, Transport and Communication from 2002 to 2004. He then became Chairman of the National Council on December 16, 2004.
Asser Kapere was first elected to the SWAPO Central Committee in 1997. He is a board member of the Democracy Support Center that was formed in July 2006. At the November 2007 SWAPO Party Congress, Kapere was re-elected as a member of the Politburo.

</doc>
<doc id="6944657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944657" title="All of Me (jazz standard)">
All of Me (jazz standard)

"All of Me" is a popular song and jazz standard written by Gerald Marks and Seymour Simons in 1931.
Composition and characteristics.
Gerald Marks and Seymour Simons wrote the words and music of "All of Me" in 1931. It has an ABAC structure, and is written in the key of B-flat major. There is a 20-bar introductory verse, but this is routinely omitted.
"The melody [...] combines the contradictory possibilities of the song. The downward thrusts of the opening phrases hint at emotional despair while the closing line, with its repeated high notes, seems almost jubilant." It is usually performed at a medium tempo. The harmony is relatively straightforward, and has served as the basis for Lennie Tristano's "Line Up", Warne Marsh's "Background Music", and Bill Dobbins's "Lo Flame".
In 2000, "All of Me" was given the Towering Song Award by the Songwriters Hall of Fame.
Successful recordings.
"All of Me" first came to public awareness when a performance by Belle Baker was broadcast over the radio in 1931. Paul Whiteman and His Orchestra recorded the song on December 1 that year, with vocalist Mildred Bailey; this went to the top of the US pop charts. Within weeks, another two versions were in the charts, with a Louis Armstrong rendition also reaching No. 1, and Ben Selvin and His Orchestra peaking at No. 19. The song was used in the 1932 film "Careless Lady". In the view of critic Ted Gioia, the definitive version was sung by Billie Holiday in 1941: "she staked a claim of ownership that no one has managed to dislodge in subsequent years". Two years later, Lynne Sherman's recording with Count Basie and His Orchestra reached No. 14 in the charts.
Frank Sinatra recorded several versions of "All of Me". His 1948 release peaked at No. 21. He also sang it in the film "Meet Danny Wilson", which may have helped Johnnie Ray's rendition up to No. 12 in the charts that year. Willie Nelson's recording of the song was included in his "Stardust" album and reached No. 3 on the Hot Country Songs chart in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="6944658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944658" title="Hot tube engine">
Hot tube engine

A hot tube engine is a primitive and long-obsolete type of combustion engine. Invented before reliable magnetos could be made, they use a separated heat source to ignite their combustion chambers, called a hot-tube ignitor. The hot-tube ignitor has the same function as a spark plug does in a modern, spark-ignited engine.
The timing of a hot tube engine is controlled by means of varying the length of the hot-tube ignitor. Length of the tube controls when the charge ignites, and the ignition timing can be optimized so as to allow different operating speeds to be selected, much like a spark advance control. It was mostly used as a stationary engine on farms but was also found in very early automobiles and motorcycles.
Contrary to the aforementioned hot-bulb engine which only requires a heater to begin combustion but then self-sustains, the flame must be kept on the ignitor tube for the engine to keep working, because the byproduct heat from internal combustion is insufficient to maintain the required temperature for ignition. Modern recreations and restored engines are therefore built to run on propane, as it can easily be used both for the engine itself and for the heater flame.

</doc>
<doc id="6944662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944662" title="David de la Fuente Rasilla">
David de la Fuente Rasilla



</doc>
<doc id="6944674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944674" title="Mahackemo">
Mahackemo

Mahackemo (or Mahackamo) was chief of the Norwalke Indians, a small tribe of the Siwanoy, who sold land to Roger Ludlow in 1640 (Old Style or 1641 New Style) which later became Norwalk, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="6944680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944680" title="Mahackamo">
Mahackamo



</doc>
<doc id="6944686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944686" title="Benito Lorenzi">
Benito Lorenzi

Benito "Veleno" Lorenzi (; 20 December 1925 – 3 March 2007) was an Italian footballer born in Borgo a Buggiano, province of Pistoia. He played as a striker.
Club career.
Throughout his career (1947–1960), Lorenzi played with Italian clubs Inter and Alessandria in Serie A, Empoli and Brescia in Serie B, and Varese in Serie C. He won two back to back Italian league titles (in 1953 and 1954) with Inter, and scored 143 goals in 314 games in official matches.
International career.
With the Italian team, Lorenzi scored 4 goals in 14 appearances between 1949 and 1954. He participated in the 1950 and 1954 FIFA World Cups with Italy.
Death.
Lorenzi died on 3 March 2007 at Sacco Hospital, Milan; he was 81 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="6944692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944692" title="Shout It Out Loud">
Shout It Out Loud

"Shout It Out Loud" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6944706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944706" title="Pennsylvania's 142nd Legislative District">
Pennsylvania's 142nd Legislative District



</doc>
<doc id="6944708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944708" title="UK Single Charts">
UK Single Charts



</doc>
<doc id="6944711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944711" title="Miguel Angel Perdiguero">
Miguel Angel Perdiguero



</doc>
<doc id="6944717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944717" title="Hot Coffeegate">
Hot Coffeegate



</doc>
<doc id="6944723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944723" title="Conington prize">
Conington prize



</doc>
<doc id="6944724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944724" title="It Started with a Kiss (TV series)">
It Started with a Kiss (TV series)

It Started with a Kiss () is a Taiwanese drama starring Joe Cheng, Ariel Lin and Jiro Wang of Fahrenheit. It was based on the first 10 volumes of the Japanese manga series "Itazura na Kiss" (イタズラなKiss, "Mischievous Kiss") written by Kaoru Tada. It was produced by Comic Productions (可米國際影視事業股份有限公司) and directed by Chu Yu-ning (瞿友寧). It started filming 6 August 2004 and wrapped 9 June 2005.
It was broadcast on free-to-air China Television (CTV) (中視) in Taiwan from 25 September 2005 to 12 February 2006, every Sunday at 22:00 and cable TV Gala Television (GTV) Variety Show/CH 28 (八大綜合台) 31 September 2005 to 18 February 2006, every Saturday from 21:30 to 23:00.
"It Started with a Kiss" was a huge success, together with its sequel "They Kiss Again", both locally and internationally, pinning it as the truest and one of the most successful adaptations of the manga. Due to the extreme popularity received by the drama and the actors, Joe and Ariel acted together in 3 successful consecutive dramas.
It is the second live-action television adaptation following the Japanese adaptation also titled "Itazura na Kiss" and followed by its sequel "They Kiss Again" in 2007 and South Korean adaptation "Playful Kiss" in 2010. "It Started with a Kiss" also aired on Hawaii's KIKU Television weekly on Saturdays at 6:00.
Synopsis.
Yuan Xiang Qin (Ariel Lin) is a bumbling, intellectually challenged, naïve, but optimistic high school girl. Ever since she met Jiang Zhi Shu (Joe Cheng) at the freshman orientation, she's been in love with the genius with an IQ of 200. After two years of having a crush on him, she finally musters the courage to confess her love to him at school with a love letter. Zhi Shu is not impressed, and Xiang Qin is left humiliated publicly in front of their entire school.
That afternoon, the new house she has just moved into with her father collapsed in a minor earthquake. She and her father are instantly left homeless because they lacked the foresight to pay for earthquake insurance. Fortunately, her father's old college friend extends a helping hand and invites both of them to live at his house. Little does Xiang Qin know that the kind Uncle Li is actually the father of Jiang Zhi Shu.
Because of this unexpected turn of events, Zhi Shu and Xiang Qin begin living their lives under the same roof. Zhi Shu's mother aspires to bring them together, coaxing Zhi Shu into tutoring Xiang Qin and taking numerous pictures of the couple together. Zhi Shu remains cold towards Xiang Qin, thinking her to be one of the dumbest people he has ever met, and refuses to speak to her at school. Through the course of the series, Zhi Shu slowly warms up to Xiang Qin, who tries her hardest to do better in school for him, as they deal with romantic rivals, their futures, and their relationship.
Soundtrack.
It Started with a Kiss Original Soundtrack (惡作劇之吻 電視原聲帶) was released on 14 October 2005 by Various Artists under Alfa Music. It contains thirteen songs, in which one song, "Love Ocean" by Ye Qing Long has an English version entitled "Sky". The opening theme song is "Say U Love Me" by Jason and Lara, while the ending theme song is by Wang Lan Yin entitled "惡作劇" or "Practical Joke".
Reception.
"It Started with a Kiss" was a blockbuster hit, both locally and internationally. It was one of the most epic Taiwanese dramas ever made and also one of the most popular Taiwanese dramas to be successful internationally.
Joe Cheng, Ariel Lin and Jiro Wang of Fahrenheit received immense popularity and praises for their roles.

</doc>
<doc id="6944726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944726" title="Andes virus">
Andes virus

Andes virus (ANDV) is the most common cause of hantavirus pulmonary syndrome (HPS) in South America. Andes virus is transmitted mainly by the long-tailed pygmy rice rat ("Oligoryzomys longicaudatus"). In its natural reservoir, ANDV causes an asymptomatic, persistent infection and is spread through excretions, fighting, and grooming. Humans can become infected by inhaling aerosols that contain rodent saliva, urine, or feces, as well as through bites and scratches. In humans, infection leads to HPS, an illness characterized by an early phase of mild and moderate symptoms such as fever, headache, and fatigue, followed by sudden respiratory failure. The case fatality rate from infection is high, at about 40%.
The genome of ANDV is about 12.1 kilobases (kb) in length and segmented into three negative-sense, single-stranded RNA (-ssRNA) strands. The small strand encodes the viral nucleoprotein, the medium strand encodes the viral spike protein, which attaches to cell receptors for entry into cells, and the long strand encodes the viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp), which replicates and transcribes the genome. Genome segments are encased in nucleoproteins to form ribonucleoprotein (RNP) complexes that are surrounded by a viral envelope that contains spikes emanating from its surface.
ANDV replicates first by binding to the surface of cells with its envelope spikes. Virus particles, called virions, are then taken into the cell by endosomes, where a drop in pH causes the viral envelope to fuse with the endosome, which releases viral RNA into the host cell. RdRp then transcribes the genome for translation by host cell ribosomes and produces copies of the genome for progeny viruses. New virions are assembled near the cell membrane, where virions bud from the cell membrane and use it to obtain their viral envelope and leave the cell.
ANDV was first discovered in 1995 in Argentina and in Chile later that year. More than a hundred cases of HPS caused by Andes virus occur each year, most of them in Argentina and Chile. Apart from the long-tailed pygmy rice rat, Andes virus has also been found in various other rodent species in South America, most commonly the long-haired grass mouse ("Abrothrix longipilis"). Human-to-human transmission of ANDV was first reported in 1996 and continual reports since then have been made that Andes virus can spread from person to person. There is, however, insufficient evidence of such transmission.
Genome.
The genome of Andes virus is about 12.1 thousand nucleotides in length and segmented into three negative-sense, single-stranded RNA (-ssRNA) strands. The segments form into circles via non-covalent bonding of the ends of the genome. The small segment, about 1.87 kilobases (kb) in length, encodes the viral nucleoprotein and a non-structural protein that inhibits interferon production. The medium segment, about 3.67 kb in length, encodes a glycoprotein precursor that is cleaved into the two spike proteins Gn and Gc during virion assembly. The large segment, about 6.56 kb in length, encodes the viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp), which is responsible for transcribing and replicating the genome. The ends of each segment contain untranslated terminal regions (UTRs) that are involved in the replication and transcription of the genome.
Structure.
Virions are mostly spherical or pleomorphic in shape and range from 80 to 160 nm in diameter. They contain a lipid envelope covered in spike proteins made of the two viral glycoproteins, Gn and Gc. The spike proteins extend about 10 nm out from the surface and are tetrameric, consisting of four copies each of Gn and Gc with helical symmetry, in which Gn forms the stalk of the spike and Gc the head. Spikes are arranged on the surface in a lattice pattern. Inside the envelope are the three genome segments, which are encased in nucleoproteins to form a ribonucleoprotein (RNP) complex. Attached to each RNP complex is a copy of RdRp.
Life cycle.
ANDV primarily infects endothelial cells and macrophages. It enters cells by using β3-integrins as receptors. Virions are taken into a cell via an endosome. Once pH is lowered, the viral envelope fuses with the endosome, which releases viral RNA into the host cell's cytoplasm. The small segment is transcribed by RdRp first, then the medium segment, and lastly the large segment. Once the genome has been transcribed, RdRp snatches caps from host messenger RNA (mRNA) to create viral mRNA that is primed for translation by host ribosomes to produce viral proteins.
For replication of the genome, a complementary positive-sense strand is produced by RdRp. Copies of the genome are made from this complementery strand. Progeny RNA strands are then encapsidated by nucleoproteins. During replication, the glycoprotein is cleaved in the endoplasmic reticulum by the host signal peptidase during translation. This produces Gn at the N-terminus and Gc at the C-terminus of the protein. Spike proteins are expressed on the surface of the cell membrane. Viral RNPs are transmitted to the cell membrane where they bud from the surface, thereby obtaining their envelope as the new progeny virions leave the cell.
Evolution.
The most common way that hantaviruses evolve is through mutations of individual nucleotides being inserted, deleted, or substituted. Because Andes virus has a segmented genome, it is possible for recombination and reassortment of segments to occur, whereby segments from different lineages mix in a single host cell and produce hybrid progeny.
Ecology.
Andes virus is carried mainly by the long-tailed pygmy rice rat ("Oligoryzomys longicaudatus"), a common species in rural Argentina and Chile. Apart from the long-tailed pygmy rice rat, Andes virus is relatively common in the long-haired grass mouse. Seroprevalence of ANDV in its hosts is found throughout South America, but is highest in Patagonia. Transmission of Andes virus between rodents appears to be primarily through saliva and aerosols that contain saliva. In its rodent hosts, it causes a persistent, asymptomatic infection. Transmission to humans occurs mainly through the inhalation of aerosols that contain mouse salivas, urine, or feces. Transmission can also occur through consumption of contaminated food, bites, and scratches.
Human-to-human transmission of Andes virus was first claimed to be a part of a 1996 outbreak in southern Argentina. Since then, there have been continual claims that it can spread from person to person. It can reportedly spread through saliva, airborne droplets from coughing or sneezing, breastmilk, from mother to child across the placenta, and through the digestive tract. Person-to-person transmission reportedly occurs mainly within families or when engaging in close activities with an infected person during the prodromal disease phase. A 2021 systematic review, however, found these claims not to be supported by sufficient evidence and cited flawed methodology in research on Andes virus outbreaks.
Disease.
Andes virus infection usually causes hantavirus pulmonary syndrome (HPS), also called hantavirus cardiopulmonary syndrome (HCPS). Symptoms occur within 1–8 weeks after exposure to the virus and come in three phases: prodromal, cardiopulmonary, and recovery. Prodromal (early) symptoms last for a few days and include fever, muscle pain, headache, coughing, nausea, vomiting, chills, and dizziness. The cardiopulmonary phase lasts for several days and is characterized by fluid buildup in the lungs, low oxygen levels in the blood, elevated or irregular heart rate, low blood pressure, cardiogenic shock, and respiratory failure. The case fatality rate from ANDV infection is about 40%.
ANDV is the most common cause of HPS in South America, which predominantly occurs in Argentina, Brazil, and Chile. In Argentina, 100–200 cases occur each year. ANDV infection is diagnosed based on observation of symptoms and testing for hantavirus nucleic acid, proteins, or hantavirus-specific antibodies. Treatment is supportive in nature and includes supplementing oxygen during the cardiopulmonary phase. No vaccines exist for Andes virus infection, so the main way to prevent infection is to avoid or minimize contact with rodents. Repeated infections of hantaviruses have not been observed, so recovering from infection likely grants life-long immunity.
Classification.
Andes virus is classified into the species "Orthohantavirus andesense" in the genus "Orthohantavirus", which is in the family "Hantaviridae", the family that all hantaviruses belong to. Other member viruses of "Orthohantavirus andesense" include the Castelo dos Sonhos virus, Lechiguanas virus, and Orán virus. The Chile-9717869 isolate of Andes virus is the exemplar virus of the species. This taxonomy is shown hereafter:
History.
Andes virus was first discovered in Argentina in 1995 and is named after the Andes mountain range. Cases were first reported in Chile that same year. Human-to-human transmission was first reported in an outbreak in 1996 in El Bolsón, Argentina. Since then, sporadic outbreaks with reported person-to-person transmission have occurred. Andes virus was accepted as a species by the International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses in 1999 and has undergone a series of changes to its species name, first changing to "Andes hantavirus", then "Andes orthohantavirus", and most recently to the current "Orthohantavirus andesense".

</doc>
<doc id="6944729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944729" title="Miguel Ángel Perdiguero">
Miguel Ángel Perdiguero



</doc>
<doc id="6944731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944731" title="DLSZ">
DLSZ



</doc>
<doc id="6944737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944737" title="Errol Thompson (ice hockey)">
Errol Thompson (ice hockey)

Loran Errol Thompson (born May 28, 1950) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey winger who played most of his NHL career with the Toronto Maple Leafs. He was selected 2nd (22nd overall) by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1970 Amateur Draft. Thompson is also a former captain of the Detroit Red Wings.
Junior and senior leagues.
Thompson started turning heads at a young age while playing for the Halifax Jr. Canadians of the NSJHL. In the 1967–68 season, he scored 81 points in only 45 games, cementing him as a legitimate scoring winger. However, in 1969 Thompson was still an undiscovered talent playing in P.E.I.'s Southern New Brunswick Senior Hockey League senior league with the Charlottetown Royals for $15 a game when he was spotted by legendary Leaf goalie-turned-scout Johnny Bower. He was drafted 22nd overall in the 1970 Amateur NHL Draft and made his NHL debut in 1970, playing in only one game. He played the rest of that year and the next on Toronto's minor league club, the Tulsa Oilers of the Central Hockey League.
NHL career.
In 1972, Thompson was called up to play full-time for Toronto and with his blazing speed and scoring touch quickly established himself as a reliable offensive NHL talent. On a Leaf team that lost more games than it won, he scored 32 points in his first NHL season. Thompson began improving with each year and in the 1974–75 season scored 25 goals. Next season, on a line with Darryl Sittler and Lanny McDonald, he scored 43 goals, becoming the second player in Leaf history, after Frank Mahovlich, to score 40 goals in a season. The Thompson-Sittler-McDonald line became well known throughout North America after Sittler set an NHL record with ten points in one game on February 7, 1976.
After breaking his arm in the 1976–77 season, Thompson missed one half of the season but still managed 21 goals. The offensively talented winger began to see less ice time under defense-oriented coach Roger Neilson and was eventually traded with various draft picks to the Detroit Red Wings for Dan Maloney and a future second round draft pick, on March 13, 1978. With Detroit, Thompson continued to produce, scoring 23 goals his first full season and 34 goals the following season. In 1980, he was named co-captain of the Wings, splitting time with Reed Larson. After scoring 26 points in the 1980–81 season he was traded to the Pittsburgh Penguins for Gary McAdam on January 8 and played his final 34 games in Pittsburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="6944738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944738" title="Miguel Angel Martin Perdiguero">
Miguel Angel Martin Perdiguero



</doc>
<doc id="6944744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944744" title="Belle Baker">
Belle Baker

Belle Baker (born Bella Becker; December 25, 1893, in New York City– April 29, 1957, in Los Angeles) was a Jewish American singer and actress. Popular throughout the 1910s and 1920s, Baker introduced a number of ragtime and torch songs including Irving Berlin's "Blue Skies" and "My Yiddishe Momme". She performed in the Ziegfeld Follies and introduced a number of Irving Berlin's songs. An early adapter to radio, Baker hosted her own radio show during the 1930s. Eddie Cantor called her “Dinah Shore, Patti Page, Peggy Lee, Judy Garland all rolled into one.” 
Early life.
Baker was born Bella Becker in 1893 to a Russian Jewish family originally from Akmene, Lithuania on New York's Lower East Side. She was the third child of eight children born to Hyman (Chaim) Becker and Sarah Rabinowitz. Her mother was chronically ill. Born into extreme poverty, Baker was unable to attend school and was forced to work in a factory when she was 6 years old.
Baker started performing at the Lower East Side's Cannon Street Music Hall at age 11, where she was discovered by the Yiddish Theatre manager Jacob Adler. She was managed in vaudeville by Lew Leslie, who would become Baker's first husband. She made her vaudeville debut in Scranton, Pennsylvania, at the age of 15. She performed in Oscar Hammerstein I's Victoria Theatre in 1911, although her performance was panned, mainly for her song choices. By age 17, she was a headliner. One of her earliest hits was "Cohen Owes Me $97".
Broadway and film.
Baker first introduced the song "" to the American public. The song was originally written by a Jewish songwriter only known by the name Schindler for Baker's role as a child in a play. In the play, the mother is crucified and Baker sings the first line in English ("G-d, oh G-d, why has thou forsaken me?"). Gentiles at the time believed that this was a sung version of a Jewish prayer. However, Baker later clarified this, and it became one of the most popular tunes of the time. The song was later covered by John McCormack, John Steel and Dorothy Jardon.
In 1926, Baker took on the lead role in a play called "Betsy." In this production, Baker played the oldest daughter of a Jewish family named the Kitzels. The mother (portrayed by Pauline Hoffman) wouldn't let any of her children get married until Betsy (played by Baker) got married. Legend has it that the production desperately needed a Baker song, and she called Irving Berlin for help. Baker introduced his hit song Blue Skies in "Betsy." The song was such a hit that she played it for twenty-four encores on opening night. Blue Skies would later become immortalized by Al Jolson's performance of it in the first ever talkie movie, The Jazz Singer.
Later that year, Baker introduced the song My Yiddishe Momme to the American public. The song was made even more famous by Sophie Tucker and popularized by The Barry Sisters. It was extremely important from a Jewish American standpoint during this time, as it represented internal conflict over assimilation into gentile society. The song was viewed very positively by gentiles and eventually became so popular around the world that it was banned in Nazi Germany; leading Jewish prisoners of concentration camps to sing it.
Baker had a brief film career as silent film gave way to lavish technicolor musical talkies. She made her film debut starring in the 1929 talkie "Song of Love". The film survives and has been screened at film festivals but not released on DVD. "Song of Love" features two songs performed by Baker written by her husband, "I'm Walking with the Moonbeams (Talking to the Stars)" and "Take Everything But You". She made two more film appearances, in "Charing Cross Road" (1935) and "Atlantic City" (1944; in which she performed "Nobody's Sweetheart").
Radio.
Baker was a very early adapter to radio and hosted her own radio show in the early 1930s. In 1932, Baker became a regular on Jack Denny's radio program on CBS. She was a guest performer on "The Eveready Hour", broadcasting's first major variety show, which featured Broadway's top headliners. Baker continued performing through the 1930s, but limited her performances to radio shows.
Views and Charity.
Baker was a Zionist, stating in 1924,
In 1935, Baker hosted a show in England to raise money for Jews fleeing Nazi persecution through the United Jewish Appeal. Several years before her death, she performed several songs at the opening of a Congregation Sons of Israel on Irving Place alongside the president of the American Jewish Committee, Rabbi Irving Miller.
Personal life.
Baker's first marriage was in 1913, to producer and promoter Lew Leslie. The couple divorced in 1918. In 1919, she married Maurice Abrahams, a successful Russian-American songwriter/composer, who wrote such songs as "Ragtime Cowboy Joe", "He'd Have to Get Under — Get Out and Get Under (to Fix Up His Automobile)", "I'm Walking with the Moonbeams (Talking to the Stars)", and "Take Everything But You". The couple had one child, Herbert Joseph Abrahams, (later known as Herbert Baker), who became a screenwriter. After Abrahams' death in 1931, Baker restricted her performing to radio. On September 21, 1937, she remarried, to Elias Sugarman, editor of the theatrical trade magazine, "Billboard". The couple divorced in 1941. She made one final television appearance in "This Is Your Life" in 1955, just two years before her death.
Many of Baker's family later became involved with showbusiness. Her brother, Irving Becker, married stage actress Vinnie Phillips and became a road manager for a production of Tobacco Road. The Broadway actress Marilyn Cooper was her niece.
Legacy.
Baker was famous throughout her lifetime. At the height of her popularity in the 1920s, a poll taken from over 3 million people found her and Sophie Tucker to be tied for the most popular Vaudeville stars. Many of Baker's songs, such as My Yiddishe Mama, Blue Skies and All Of Me, are still popular to this day. She was referred to as "the Female Al Jolson and the Sarah Bernardt of Songland."

</doc>
<doc id="6944746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944746" title="Four Foundations of Mindfulness">
Four Foundations of Mindfulness



</doc>
<doc id="6944747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944747" title="Der Gott der Eisen wachsen liess">
Der Gott der Eisen wachsen liess



</doc>
<doc id="6944754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944754" title="Four foundations of mindfulness">
Four foundations of mindfulness



</doc>
<doc id="6944756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944756" title="FAR EAST MAN">
FAR EAST MAN



</doc>
<doc id="6944758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944758" title="Law Number 3037">
Law Number 3037



</doc>
<doc id="6944759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944759" title="Excursion Around The Bay">
Excursion Around The Bay



</doc>
<doc id="6944763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944763" title="Evie (Song)">
Evie (Song)



</doc>
<doc id="6944769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944769" title="Profsoyuz">
Profsoyuz



</doc>
<doc id="6944771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944771" title="Brainerd diarrhea">
Brainerd diarrhea

Brainerd diarrhea is a sudden-onset watery, explosive diarrhea that lasts for months and does not respond to antibiotics; the cause of Brainerd diarrhea is unknown. Brainerd diarrhea was first described in Brainerd, Minnesota in 1983.
It has been associated with the consumption of raw milk and untreated water. Of the ten outbreaks reported since 1983, nine have been in the U.S. The characteristics of each outbreak have been similar to that caused by an infectious agent.
Although a comparatively large outbreak (117 patients) occurred in 1996 in Fannin County, Texas, the largest outbreak (122 patients) was the original one in Brainerd, MN. There have been no secondary cases reported in any of the outbreaks, suggesting that the
causative agent cannot be passed from person to person, but boiling water appears to inactivate the Brainerd agent. Although there is no treatment available, the disease does appear to resolve itself, although this process takes months if not years.

</doc>
<doc id="6944776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944776" title="Fade Into You (song by Mazzy Star)">
Fade Into You (song by Mazzy Star)



</doc>
<doc id="6944778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944778" title="Sutta Satipatthana">
Sutta Satipatthana



</doc>
<doc id="6944779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944779" title="Don't Let's Be Beastly To The Germans">
Don't Let's Be Beastly To The Germans



</doc>
<doc id="6944782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944782" title="Causing A Catastrophe-Live">
Causing A Catastrophe-Live



</doc>
<doc id="6944784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944784" title="Independent American Party of Nevada">
Independent American Party of Nevada

The Independent American Party of Nevada (IAPN) is a far-right American political party and the Nevada affiliate of the Constitution Party. The party was founded in 1967 and affiliated with the Constitution Party after its forming in 1999. It was one of four Constitution state parties that did not change their names to "Constitution Party".
History.
IAPN's high water mark was the 1974 Nevada gubernatorial election where IAPN's candidate, wealthy silver speculator James R. Houston, split the Republican vote and got 15.52% of the electorate, or 26,285 votes.
1990s.
The Nevada IAPN achieved some electoral success in the 1990s with the election of Chuck Horne as the mayor of Mesquite in a nonpartisan race.
2010s.
In the 2010 elections, three Independent American Party candidates were elected to local offices and one was re-elected. Several IAPN candidates also performed well in various state and legislative elections, including the election for Nevada State Assembly, District 33, where Janine Hansen won 30.81% of the vote and placed second in a three-way race. The IAP candidate for State Attorney General, Joel Hansen, also secured 7.81% of the vote.
At the close of registration in October 2010, the Independent American Party had a total number of 62,724 registered voters in the Party.
On October 25, 2013, the party membership experienced a small split with some members staying with the Independent American Party of Nevada and others forming a new Constitution Party of Nevada.
The party has a stronghold around Elko where the party often runs a full slate of candidates that see more success then compared with other parts of the state. There, state chairman Janine Hansen ran for the Nevada Senate for District 19. There he got 27% of the vote. Since 2012 the 19th District has been contested solely between the Republican and American Independent Party.
The party gained notoriety when Cliven Bundy, of Bundy standoff fame, came out as a registered member of the party, and spoke at a series of party events in 2018. Namely, Bundy was the keynote speaker of the party's convention on February 23, 2018, in Sparks. Prior to the convention 4.5% of registered voters in Nevada were registered with the Independent American Party. At the convention Bundy was hailed as a hero against federal "corruption and tyranny" by the party's chairman and spoke at length about his armed standoff with the Bureau of Land Management.
2020s.
The party also consistently competes for Nevada's 2nd congressional district and in 2020 the election was a three-way race with the Republicans, Democrats and the American Independent Party, with Janine Hansen running as the IAPN's candidate and getting 2.7% of the vote.
In the 2022 Reno mayoral election, the IAPN nominated Joaquin Roces, a National Alliance on Mental Illness employee with no prior political experience who ran on a platform of increasing homeless outreach, expanding funding to the fire-department, slashing casino subsidies, and expanding renewable energy in the city. He got 627 votes, or 1.35% of the electorate, in distant 8th place.

</doc>
<doc id="6944785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944785" title="Drink to Me Only With Thine Eyes">
Drink to Me Only With Thine Eyes



</doc>
<doc id="6944795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944795" title="Louis Stevenson">
Louis Stevenson

Louis Stevenson (31 January 1864 – 19 August 1931) is a former Scotland international rugby union player.
Rugby Union career.
Amateur career.
Stevenson was schooled at St Peter's School in York, and the Nest Academy in Jedburgh where he studied under Dr. Fyfe, before attending Edinburgh University where he studied medicine.
The Nest Academy or the Wrens Nest was a boarding school which, according to legend, sent its pupils to bathe in the River Jed every morning before lessons.
He played rugby union for Edinburgh University.
From Edinburgh University, he moved to Christ's College, Cambridge, where he also played for the Cambridge University rugby union side.
Provincial career.
He played for Edinburgh District against Glasgow District in the inter-city match of 1887.
He played for East of Scotland District in their match against West of Scotland District in February 1888.
International career.
He was capped just the once for Scotland, in 1888.
Other sports.
He played cricket at St Peter's School and captained their team. He wrote to the editor of the Yorkshire Gazette in 1883 when they misreported the score of the side.
Medical career.
Stevenson became a doctor. He was first the house surgeon of the Cumberland Infirmary in Carlisle. He became the Assistant doctor to a Dr. Watson's G.P. practice in Temple Sowerby; and on the elder doctor's death he inherited the practice.
Family.
He was a distant relative of Robert Louis Stevenson.
He was born to James Charles Stevenson and Sarah Hirst Binns. James Charles Stevenson was a barrister at law.
Louis Stevenson married Elizabeth Margaret Falder (1859-1902) in 1892 at St. John's Wood in England. They had 2 daughters Gladys Roddam Stevenson and Mary Roddam Stevenson; and 1 son Arthur James Roddam Stevenson.
On Elizabeth's death, Stevenson married Eleanor Walker Jeffares (1868-1964).
Death.
Stevenson was found dead sitting in his chair in 1931.
A popular local doctor, when he died his funeral service was delivered by the Bishop of Carlisle, Dr. Williams, at the local Temple Sowerby church, which was reported to be filled to the rafters. The bishop went to the same school as Stevenson. During his dedication he remarked that Stevenson was very popular at school because he was such an athlete.
His estate was valued at £5793, 4 shillings and 8 pence.

</doc>
<doc id="6944797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944797" title="Driving Under The Influence">
Driving Under The Influence



</doc>
<doc id="6944800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944800" title="Four frames of reference">
Four frames of reference



</doc>
<doc id="6944801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944801" title="Four Frames of Reference">
Four Frames of Reference



</doc>
<doc id="6944803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944803" title="Elegantly Wasted (INXS song)">
Elegantly Wasted (INXS song)



</doc>
<doc id="6944809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944809" title="Eric The Half-A-Bee">
Eric The Half-A-Bee



</doc>
<doc id="6944815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944815" title="Acacia denticulosa">
Acacia denticulosa

Acacia denticulosa, commonly known as sandpaper wattle, is a species of "Acacia" native to the south-west of Western Australia. A spindly shrub 1–4 m high, it flowers from September to October, producing dense, curved, yellow flower spikes.
Taxonomy.
"Acacia denticulosa" was first formally described in 1876 by Victorian Government Botanist Ferdinand von Mueller based on plant material collected from the vicinity of Mount Churchman by Jess Young. The population at this location is now extinct following extended drought. The species name is from the Latin "dens" "tooth", and refers to the small teeth along the phyllode margins. Queensland botanist Les Pedley reclassified the species as "Racosperma denticulosum" in 2003, in his proposal to reclassify almost all Australian members of the genus into the new genus "Racosperma", however this name is treated as a synonym of its original name.
Description.
Sandpaper wattle grows as a spindly shrub with an open habit from high and wide. Young stems are rough and warty, as are the dark green phyllodes. Like other wattles, its leaf-like structures are actually enlarged and flattened petioles known as phyllodes. These are irregularly oval in shape, long and wide and prominently veined. Flowering occurs over September and October, the prominent cylindrical golden flower spikes are 3–8 cm long and arise from the leaf axis. These are followed by straight or just curved seedpods that are up to long and wide. They have prominent swellings along them that mark where the seeds are. The seeds themselves are a shiny brownish black and measure in length.
Distribution and habitat.
Sandpaper wattle is found in eight scattered populations over a range of in the Merredin district in the Western Australian Wheatbelt northeast of Perth, over an area roughly bounded by Nungarin in the south, Wongan Hills in the west and east of Mount Churchman in the east. It generally grows on or near granite outcrops, and occasionally on sandplains, or a range of soils such as silt, clay, loam or sand.
It is listed as "vulnerable" under both Western Australian and Federal legislation. Key threats include continuing land clearance in its vicinity, altered hydrology and extended drought. Local invasive weeds that may directly impact on it include bridal creeper ("Asparagus asparagoides"), saffron thistle ("Carthamus lanatus") and cape tulip ("Moraea flaccida").
Cultivation.
Sandpaper wattle has horticultural features including its unusual leaves and bright flowers. It is also bird-attracting. All wattles are legumes and hence fix nitrogen in the soil. Readily grown from seed, it is fast growing and can flower within the first year. Flowering can last until early summer in cultivation. It requires a sunny aspect and good drainage, though might not adapt well to areas with humid summers.

</doc>
<doc id="6944830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944830" title="Makovsky">
Makovsky

Makovsky (from "mak" meaning ), derived of the Polish surname Makowski, is a habitational name for someone from a place called Makov.
It is the surname of a Russian artistic family ():
Makovský is used by Czech people: 
Other people with the same last name:

</doc>
<doc id="6944836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944836" title="Flava In Ya Ear">
Flava In Ya Ear



</doc>
<doc id="6944839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944839" title="Floating (Megan Rochell Song)">
Floating (Megan Rochell Song)



</doc>
<doc id="6944841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944841" title="Dominion Day Stakes">
Dominion Day Stakes

The Dominion Day Stakes is a Thoroughbred horse race run annually in July at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. A Grade III event currently offering a purse of CAD$150,000 +, it is open to horses aged three years and up. The race was run at a distance of miles from its inception until 1983 when it was changed to its present miles format. It was raced on dirt until 2007 when a polytrack surface was installed. In 2016, the surface was changed to Tapeta synthetic turf.
Inaugurated in 1953 at the Old Woodbine Racetrack, it remained there until the track closed in 1955.
The race celebrates Dominion Day, the birth of the Canadian Confederation on July 1, 1867.
Ace Marine, one of Canada's greatest runners, and its 1955 Horse of the Year, won this race in 1956. In 1972, Canada's 1973 Horse of the Year, Kennedy Road, took the Dominion. The Canadian Champion Three-Year-Old colt of 1972, Nice Dancer, won it in 1973. The 1980 Canadian Horse of the Year as well as the 1980 Champion Older Female in Canada &amp; the USA, plus the 1981 Champion Older Female in Canada, Glorious Song, won it twice—in 1980 &amp; 1981. In 1984, the 1984 Canadian Champion Three-Year-Old colt, Key to the Moon, won the Dominion, and in 1990, Charlie Barley (by the U.S. Triple Crown winner Affirmed) who was the 1989 Champion Grass horse in Canada, came home the winner. 1996 Canadian Horse of the Year, Mt. Sassafras has also won the Dominion Day Stakes twice: 1996 &amp; 1999.
Among other past winners, the 1963 and 2006 editions of the Dominion Day Stakes were won by Kentucky Derby winners, Decidedly and Funny Cide respectively.
Records.
Time record: (at current miles distance)
Most wins:
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="6944844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944844" title="Marvel Knights Spiderman">
Marvel Knights Spiderman



</doc>
<doc id="6944847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944847" title="Magnussoft">
Magnussoft

magnussoft Deutschland GmbH is a German computer game developer and publisher. The company is seated in Kesselsdorf, close to the Saxon capital of Dresden.
In the 1980s magnussoft released collections of software for popular 8-bit home computer systems: Commodore 64, Amiga, Atari 8-bit computers, and Atari ST. The games can also run on newer computer systems, such as Intel-based IBM PCs, using emulators. There are collections of magnussoft games, one is called "Retro-Classix" that covers games available on multiple platforms, and other collections that specialize on one particular system, like the "Amiga Classix" or the "C64 Classix".
The company released more than 160 products. Among their assortment are adventure games, board games, strategic games as well as shoot 'em up games and jump and runs. On the other hand, magnussoft also released computer applications and educational software. The software was brought under varied labels to the market in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, the Benelux countries, France, Great Britain, and the United States.
By 2008 magnussoft, had gained access to the software market, especially in the lower budget and middle price range. They cooperate with acquainted German partners like for example "ak tronik Software &amp; Services", "KOCH Media", and the "Verlagsgruppe Weltbild". In addition magnussoft has founded more subsidiaries in other parts of Europe. However, magnussoft does not publish outside of Europe, they leave that work to local companies.
magnussoft have created their profile through the release of ZETA, a broad range of retro games, and classic computer games like Aquanoid, Barkanoid or Plot's.
Criticism.
In 2007 magnussoft incurred public criticism for ceasing the distribution and the funding of BeOS replacement Magnussoft Zeta OS because of its uncertain legal status.

</doc>
<doc id="6944849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944849" title="Santiago Botero Echeverry">
Santiago Botero Echeverry



</doc>
<doc id="6944856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944856" title="Oligoryzomys">
Oligoryzomys

Oligoryzomys is a genus of rodents in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae. Many species are known as pygmy rice rats or colilargos. The genus is found from Mexico to Tierra del Fuego and includes approximately 17 species.
In Argentina and Chile, "Oligoryzomys longicaudatus" and other members of the genus represent the reservoir for the hantavirus strain Andes virus (ANDV) (Wells et al., 1997; Levis et al., 1998; Cantoni et al., 2001).
Taxonomy.
The genus "Oligoryzomys" is included in the subfamily Sigmodontinae of the family Cricetidae. The genus is placed in the Oryzomyini tribe, first proposed by Oldfield Thomas in the early 20th century. It includes genera that have certain dental features of the upper and lower molars and a long palate which extends past the third molars. More recently, molecular analysis and morphological data has placed the genus in Clade C, alongside "Neacomys", "Microryzomys" and "Oreoryzomys".
Characteristics.
Characteristics that identify this group are broad rostrum; a tail that is longer than its head; and short, broad hind feet. Pygmy rice rats are very small rodents, with a head-and-body length of between and a tail length of between . They are greyish-brown or reddish-brown animals that resemble members of the genus "Oryzomys" in appearance. They differ from "Oryzomys" in being mostly terrestrial rather than semi-aquatic and in having longer tails in proportion to their body size. The females have four pairs of mammary glands. The snout is pointed, the ears are rounded and the long slender tail is hairless.
Ecology.
Pygmy rice rats occupy a range of habitats including tropical forests, dry forests, plantations, scrubland, mountain grassland, agricultural land, gardens and houses. They are nocturnal and solitary and feed mainly on seeds, insects and fruits. They are mostly found on the ground but can climb into the undergrowth. They can be agricultural pests, particularly in rice fields.
Some species such as "O. flavescens" and "O. longicaudatus" are the principal reservoir host of certain hantaviruses which are harmless to rodents but can cause disease in humans.

</doc>
<doc id="6944861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944861" title="Francisco Mancebo Perez">
Francisco Mancebo Perez



</doc>
<doc id="6944862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944862" title="Francisco Mancebo Pérez">
Francisco Mancebo Pérez



</doc>
<doc id="6944865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944865" title="Strawberry mark">
Strawberry mark



</doc>
<doc id="6944869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944869" title="Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library">
Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library



</doc>
<doc id="6944871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944871" title="Four Seasons Of Love">
Four Seasons Of Love



</doc>
<doc id="6944873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944873" title="Freedom ain't free">
Freedom ain't free



</doc>
<doc id="6944877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944877" title="Portaro">
Portaro

Portaro was the name of a Portuguese 4WD offroad utility vehicle which was based on the earlier Romanian original ARO 24 Series 4X4 model produced under license in Portugal. Portaro 4WD models were made between 1975 until 1995. The Portaro name was a portmanteau of "PORT" for "Portugal" and "ARO", the Romanian main manufacturer of original offroad vehicles.
History.
The Portaro 4X4 was manufactured from imported original ARO original parts in CKD form produced in Romania destined for final assembly here by the SEMAL company in Setúbal, Portugal starting in 1975 by the entrepreneur and industrialist Hipólito Pires with help from a business partner José Megre and a mechanical engineer Costa Freitas, all three quickly became business partners at the SEMAL Industrial Complex who started the Portaro project shortly after. Their vehicle sold under the new brandname Portaro became a very successful motorvehicle and was a much improved derivative version from the original ARO 240 4WD Series from the 1970s looking very similar in concept and style to the British worldwide famous Landrover 4WD but using an original Romanian cross country standard iron chassis and many parts, instead of industrial aluminium.
After the first original model called the Portaro 240 2500 4X4 which was a very basic offroad vehicle much like an early 1970s Landrover 88D SWB 4X4 but powered by an original Daihatsu Diesel 2530cc 76bhp running gear sales were instant as there was no other new domestic rival at the time, save for the unique well known Landrover a brand name available for sale since the early 1960s in Portugal. The brand name Portaro 4X4 appeared in 1975 and came in two main versions: The "Portaro 4X4" 200 Series an offroad utility jeep and later in 1977 the "Portaro Campina 4X4" the 300 Series a very handy and useful offroad Pick up truck version both models enjoying healthy sales in the 1970s and the 1980s with hardly any equivalent rivals to match at their time with its own new original Model Range quickly being offered to potential plentiful owners.
Most of the Portaro 4X4 vehicles produced were originally fitted with Daihatsu Diesel 2500cc and 2800cc engined 4WD models like the "240, 250, 260, 280" followed by the 4WD pick up models "Campina 280L, 320" and "350 Super". However in addition to several other new 4WD prototypes, two very interesting authentic Portaro models were also manufactured this time powered by original Volvo Petol 2127cc and 2296cc powerful running gear similar to those used in the original Volvo 240 Series cars at the time, although these were always sold in much smaller numbers intended for general Motor Sports Events like local offroad motor racing and rally racing occurring frequently in the 1980s. By 1982 the SEMAL company were also assembling extra two more brand new Portaro 4X4 versions made to order added to their Model Range at the time called the "210 PT TURBO 4WD" and "230 PV 4WD 2300" both are very rare petrol engined models that were much less popular though the lighter 230 PV 4WD soon turned into the most successful original Portuguese made vehicle ever used for offroad racing.
Model Range.
This is a complete list of all the original GV-Semal brand, makers of the Tagus and the Portaro Model Range of 4X4 vehicles manufactured 1975-1995 including the models later produced by the FMAT company.
GV Semal Tagus 4WD Model Range.
Made from 1976 to about 1986. All were based on the original Romanian Rocar TV 4WD model and all are fitted with the Daihatsu 2530 cc diesel engine. Around 5,000 units were produced in total.
8Tagus GV 250 Diesel 2500 4X4 Minibus
GV Semal Portaro 4WD Model Range.
Also at the large FMAT factory complex any potential customer to Special Order could choose the current original Daihatsu TURBODIESEL 2800cc 117 bhp running gear to be supplied to any of the then original Portaro 280 4WD Series similar to those as used in the popular DAIHATSU Delta lorries, Rocky, Taft and Wildcat 4WD models. 
By 1990 the original company who assembled Portaro 4X4 offroad vehicles SEMAL sold the production rights, the tradename and all the spares parts stocks to the larger "FMAT" company at Tramagal an industrial town near Abrantes east of Lisbon next to the famous Tagus river in rural Santarem who have been making agricultural equipment and industrial machinery since the late 1890s. Motor vehicle assembly was to become an important thing and the firm actually were assembling original French BERLIET lorries of many types in the 1950s until the 1980s a weekly operation at FMAT so output production had quadrupled than it was before making Portaro brand name once more relaunched to the market after a brief absence but this time with a reduced upadated new Portaro Model Range for the 1980s. This recently restored dark grey 1989 "Portaro 280 DCM 2800 4WD Diesel" model is a nine seater and it was actually assembled at the wellknown FMAT Motor Vehicle Division manufacturing facility in the 1980s one of about 500 models produced there of the original Portaro 280 Series this particular example is owned by the author of this Portaro article and pages.
During the 1990s the Portuguese New Automobile Market the Portaro brand name was facing a stiff competition with many other offroad vehicles and other 4WD manufacturers offering much better prices while others sold superior models too so their sales dwindled slightly and UMM 4X4 the other domestic manufacturer of similar nature were also facing similar situations but at least UMM brand name still sold well. Therefore the FMAT company decided at the time to reduce some of their original Portaro model range due to the economical and financial unrest at the time of the 1990s in Europe particularly in Portugal but unfortunately most of the spare parts were nearly stocked out forcing FMAT to rebuild their own current Portaro model range now fitting them with new modern updated Ford Transit TDI 2500cc 96BHP running gear with higher torque and more powerful engines needed for these large vehicles which became the later "Portaro 250 FMAT ID 4X4", however sales took a downturn in about 1994 and to make matters worse the stocked ARO original spare parts were now running low too in the assembly workshops forcing to a reduced production run of the Portaro brand so it was inevitable that FMAT could not handle this situation any longer and a year later by the Summer of 1995 this marked the end of the Portaro Portuguese brand name thirty years after it arrived upon the scene in the automobile market always enjoying happy sales and with a remarkable automobile career. 
Nowadays these classic Portaro 4X4 vehicles are now very rare to find today even their own makers reported they assembled an average output of 2000 original Portaro motorvehicles produced each year allowing to be exported to some European countries at the time in the 1980s but in present day they are now suddenly highly wanted and currently many 1970s/1980s models are preserved while others have been entirely rebuilt or are being restored to almost new condition making the unique historic Portaro brandname still active somehow and at least their legacy lives on in its country, Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="6944878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944878" title="Adnan Custovic">
Adnan Custovic



</doc>
<doc id="6944882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944882" title="Gangsta lovin">
Gangsta lovin



</doc>
<doc id="6944883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944883" title="Telefonica USA">
Telefonica USA



</doc>
<doc id="6944884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944884" title="Get Out and Stay Out">
Get Out and Stay Out



</doc>
<doc id="6944885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944885" title="Getting Away With It (All Messed Up)">
Getting Away With It (All Messed Up)



</doc>
<doc id="6944889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944889" title="Girls Ain't Nothing But Trouble">
Girls Ain't Nothing But Trouble



</doc>
<doc id="6944894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944894" title="Getting Away with Murder (Papa Roach Song)">
Getting Away with Murder (Papa Roach Song)



</doc>
<doc id="6944899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944899" title="It Happened in Broad Daylight">
It Happened in Broad Daylight

 () is a 1958 German-language thriller film directed by Ladislao Vajda. The original screenplay was written by Friedrich Dürrenmatt, a Swiss playwright and novelist, and the first incarnation of the film is still acclaimed by critics.
Plot.
Matthäi, a senior detective with the Zürich police, is about to take up a post in the Middle East when a call comes in that a peddler has found the body of a little girl in the woods. With the peddler he inspects the site and, when none of the other police volunteer, says he will tell the parents. Distraught, the mother asks him to swear that he will find the killer.
He goes to the little girls' school, where another child points out a picture the dead girl had drawn. It shows a tall man in a long black coat, a large black car, a little girl, a horned creature, and some black hedgehogs. The villagers think the peddler was the murderer, as does Matthäi's successor who, after a long hard interrogation, gets a confession. That night the peddler hangs himself in his cell.
The police consider the case closed. Matthäi, however, believes the peddler was innocent and that the culprit is a serial killer who has murdered two other little girls and may strike again. As he takes his seat in the airliner, the man next to him is eating chocolate truffles which look just like the hedgehogs in the drawing. Realising that the killer may have befriended the little girl with chocolates, he abandons his trip. When his successor dismisses his theory, Matthäi decides to solve the case on his own. A psychiatrist friend suggests that the drawing is true. Such a killer is intimidated by grown women, and gets his revenge by murdering little girls. He must be childless himself.
Plotting the three murder sites on the map, Matthäi sees that they were all beside the main highway from Zürich to Chur. The heraldic animal of Chur is the horned chamois, which appears on its vehicle number plates. He rents a filling station on the road, where he takes the numbers of cars from Chur, traces their owners, and under various pretexts rings up to find out if they have children. Seeing a lonely little girl in the village, he befriends her, learning that her name is Annemarie and that her mother is alone and unmarried. He invites mother and daughter to live in the filling station and encourages the child to play beside the road.
Driving from Chur to Zürich in his large black car, a businessman named Schrott sees Annemarie playing and stops at the filling station, though his tank is nearly full. Matthäi finds out his home number, where his wife says that her two sons are out in the world. A few days later, Schrott hides his car in the woods and in his long black coat entices Annemarie with a glove puppet. He tells her nobody must know of their encounter.
When Annemarie is late back from school one day, Matthäi sees chocolate stains on her hands and finds hedgehog truffles in her pocket. He orders the mother to take the child somewhere safe and, buying a shop window dummy, dresses it in Annemarie's clothes. Laying his bait in the woods, he alerts the local police and they keep watch for the killer.
Schrott, who is only the stepfather of his wife's sons, has a row with her and drives off with murder in mind. Thinking the dummy is a dead Annemarie, he screams in terror. When Matthäi approaches, Schrott attacks and wounds him, but is felled by a shot from the police.
Production.
Filming took place from 22 February to April 1958 near Zürich and Chur. Interiors were shot at Atelier and the Spandau Studios in West Berlin.
Release.
The film premiered on 4 July 1958 at the IFF/Berlin. It went on general release on 9 July 1958. In Switzerland it premiered on 12 July 1958 (Rex, Zürich).
Awards.
The film was nominated for the Golden Bear at the Berlin International Film Festival.
Adaptations.
Alternative versions.
Friedrich Dürrenmatt was not happy to see the detective proven successful at the end the story, so he wrote the novel ("") from the existing film script. differs from by having the detective fail to identify the killer in the end because of the murderer's death in a car accident. This failure ultimately leaves the detective a broken and witless old man.
American director Sean Penn made a fifth movie on the same theme, named "The Pledge" in 2001, starring Jack Nicholson and Helen Mirren. Penn's movie incorporates darker ending, as preferred by Dürrenmatt.

</doc>
<doc id="6944902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944902" title="Chantal Beltman">
Chantal Beltman

Chantal Beltman (born 25 August 1976 in Slagharen, Overijssel) is a former Dutch professional cyclist. She was part of the 2008 team. In 2007 this was called the T-Mobile Women cycling team. In 2006, Beltman raced for Vrienden van het Platteland team. She is the older sister of Ghita Beltman, who is a former cyclist.

</doc>
<doc id="6944906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944906" title="Go Tell it on the Mountain (song)">
Go Tell it on the Mountain (song)



</doc>
<doc id="6944909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944909" title="Go Tell It on the Mountain">
Go Tell It on the Mountain

Go Tell It on the Mountain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6944913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944913" title="Florino Ameghino">
Florino Ameghino



</doc>
<doc id="6944919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944919" title="“ ”">
“ ”



</doc>
<doc id="6944920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944920" title="Brainerd diarrhoea">
Brainerd diarrhoea



</doc>
<doc id="6944921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944921" title="Come Out Ye Black and Tans">
Come Out Ye Black and Tans



</doc>
<doc id="6944923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944923" title="Francis Xavier Pierz">
Francis Xavier Pierz

Francis Xavier Pierz ( or "Franc Pirec"; ) (November 20, 1785 – January 22, 1880) was a Slovenian-American Roman Catholic priest and missionary to the Ottawa and Ojibwe Indians in present-day Michigan, Wisconsin, Ontario, and Minnesota. Because his letters convinced numerous Catholic German Americans to settle in Central Minnesota after the Treaty of Traverse des Sioux in 1851, Fr. Pierz is referred to as the "Father of the Diocese of Saint Cloud."
Early life.
Father Pierz was born into an ethnic Slovene peasant family in Godič, near the town of Kamnik in the Hapsburg-ruled Duchy of Carniola within the Austrian Empire (now Slovenia). On November 20, 1785, he was baptized as "Franz Xav. Pierz". Despite the coercive Germanisation campaign by Emperor Joseph II, Francis Pierz was raised and educated bilingually. He became literate and fluent enough in both the vernacular Slovene language and in Standard Austro-German to later compose Christian poetry in both languages. He entered the major seminary of Ljubljana in the fall of 1810 and was ordained at Ljubljana Cathedral on March 13, 1813, by Bishop Anton Kavčič. Two of his brothers also became priests.
After seven years as assistant pastor for the Catholic Church in Slovenia of the mountain parishes of Kranjska Gora and Fusine in Valromana (Bela Peč, in Slovene), he was appointed parish priest of the villages of Peče and Podbrezje. In later years, all of his former parishes would become sources of Slovene immigrants and pioneer settlers of Central Minnesota.
After years of attempting to improve farming methods among the poor farmers of his parish, he published the book "Kranjski Vertnar" ("The Carniolan Gardner") in 1830. His efforts led to his being awarded a medal of honor by the Carniolan Agricultural Society in 1842.
Missionary.
In 1835, Pierz departed for the missions of the United States after years of being inspired by the published letters of the Slovenian missionary known as, "The Snowshoe Priest", and future Bishop of Marquette, Father Frederic Baraga, who worked in present-day Upper Peninsula of Michigan and Wisconsin. 
Following a particularly difficult and terrifying Atlantic Ocean crossing that he later versified in the poem ""Pesmi od svojega popotovanja", Fr. Pierz arrived in the Diocese of Detroit on September 16, where he presented his credentials to Bishop Frederick Rese. As Lake Superior had already frozen over, Father Pierz was prevented from immediately joining Father Baraga in Wisconsin and was assigned to the Ottawa of L'Arbre Croche, in what is now Little Traverse Bay Reservation in Michigan.
With the assistance of a Catholic Odawa Chief known as Sharp Knife, Fr. Pierz was very successful at making converts, even though the Ottawa dialect of the Ojibwe language was a terrible struggle for him to learn.
One of Fr. Pierz's particularly devout converts was a 15-year old Odawa girl who took the Baptismal name of Marie and who died soon after entering the Church, but in whose sanctity Fr. Pierz firmly believed and upon whose intercession he later strongly relied. Fr. Pierz also composed a long work of narrative Slovenian poetry about Marie's life and death, which he titled "Pesmi od ajdovske deklice" ("The Song of the Indian Girl").
Fr. Pierz later wrote of Marie, "Never did I know a more pious soul; never did I witness a more beautiful death than that of this pure young lady... Her blessed death accomplished much good in my mission, confirmed the faithful in piety, and brought about the conversion of many pagans. Henceforth, her parents lived very pious lives and zealously practiced their religion, but soon followed their daughter in death. Her father always wore the rosary around his neck, visited pagan lodges, spoke amid many tears of the mercies of God regarding his own conversion and of the life of his blessed daughter, who thrice was granted the happiness of a vision of her transfigured Savior, and brought to me a number of Indians eager to learn the Christian religion."
In the summer of 1836, Bishop Rese transferred Pierz to the mission of Sault Ste. Marie, where Father Pierz fought to keep the struggling mission operating. He also sailed to other missions around the shores of Lake Superior, where he served Catholics among the Ottawa and Ojibwa, who spoke Algonquian languages.
Even though Christian hymn-singing was a new addition to Ojibwe culture, Fr. Pierz learned while travelling with Ojibwe Catholics through an 1838 Lake Superior gale that it had been enthusiastically embraced. He later wrote, "We contended with powerful waves, and we slipped up and down the storm billows as if over the roof of a long city. The ice cold water dashed above our heads in the front of our bodies from neck to heel. A European unaccustomed to such dangers would have cried with fright; my Indians sang joyous spiritual songs with good courage."
On June 28, 1838, he reached Father Baraga at La Pointe, Wisconsin. After a friendly visit, Fr. Baraga persuaded Father Pierz to re-establish the mission at Grand Portage, Minnesota (now the Grand Portage Indian Reservation). The formerly great fur trading depot had declined with the removal of the North West Company's inland headquarters north to Fort William in 1803. The Ojibwa Indians living there had turned to commercial fishing on Lake Superior and selling their catches for a considerable profit to the American Fur Company. Pierre Picotte, a "Métis" who worked as an agent for the company, had been instructing local Ojibwe in the Catechism and preparing them to join the Catholic Church. Father Pierz's letters describe how impressed he was by the zealous Ojibwa embrace of Catholicism, particularly by teenaged boys and young men, which Fr. Pierz described as the complete opposite of what he was accustomed to as a priest in Europe. They also reveal that, unlike local Protestant missionaries, Fr. Pierz did not believe in the then commonly held idea that, "Indians must be civilized before they can be Christianized."
In obedience to Pope Gregory XI's 1373 "règle d'idiom", a commandment for the Catholic clergy to communicate with their flocks in the local vernacular, instead of allowing the Church to become a tool of colonialism, linguistic imperialism, and coercive language death, Fr. Pierz preached and taught in the Ojibwe language and trained the Grand Portage parish choir to sing hymns in Ojibwe, almost certainly that he learned from Bishop Baraga's hymnal, as well.
According to historian Fr. Robert Voigt, "Father Pierz was also the doctor for the Indians. He had his own homeopathic methods. When a smallpox epidemic broke out, and no regular doctor was available, the missionary sent for vaccine and personally administered it to some 900 individuals, Christians and Pagans. This he broke down prejudice and prepared the way for future conversions."
Also at Grand Portage, Pierz arranged for the clearing of a plot of farmland and orchard which, in keeping with Ojibwe ways, was owned and worked in common. He helped negotiate the sale of their surplus produce to nearby mining settlements. He founded a Catholic school for the children of the mission. His letters provide a vivid glimpse into daily life on the mission. The Catholic missions at Fort William, Ontario and Isle Royale were also under his jurisdiction. In October 1839, the bishop ordered Pierz to move to take over the missions at Harbor Springs, Michigan (now Little Traverse Bay Bands of Odawa Indians). He remained there for 12 years.
Minnesota.
In Spring 1852, after a series of disputes with his bishop, Pierz secured a release from the Diocese of Detroit. He was recruited for the newly organized Diocese of Saint Paul, where Bishop Joseph Crétin urgently needed priests to serve his vast territory.
Father Pierz was assigned a mission field, comprising the whole of Minnesota Territory north of the Twin Cities. He established his headquarters in the village of Crow Wing. Traveling on foot between his missions, Pierz carried on his back all that was necessary for saying Mass. 
The first Mass in the St. Cloud area was offered by Fr. Francis de Vivaldi, a missionary to the Winnebago reservation in Long Prairie, Minnesota, in 1851. The Mass took place inside a log cabin, located midway between Sauk Rapids and the ghost town of Watab and 3/4 miles inland from the Mississippi River, and owned by James Keough, a former merchant seaman from County Wexford, Ireland.
Keough later recalled, "The congregation present was made up of Irish and French Canadians. The altar was prepared by a half-breed (sic) lady, the wife of a Canadian Frenchman. I am the owner of the table used as an altar on that occasion. Some time after this Father Pierz came among us, and subsequently built the first Catholic church at Sauk Rapids."
During an later interview, Father Aloysius was almost certainly referring to Mrs. James Keough (née Katherine Brady of Spanish Point, County Clare), when he said, "Father Pierz changed his clothes thoroughly once a year. And that was when he reached Sauk Rapids, where an Irish lady always had a new clean clothes laid out for him which she bought or made and she would quite force him to change."
With his bishop unable to finance his work, Father Pierz had to rely on the Ludwig-Missionsverein and the Leopoldinen-Stiftung for desperately needed funds. Both European organizations had been formed to support Catholic missionaries abroad and were mainly funded by the Bavarian House of Wittelsbach and the Austro-Hungarian House of Habsburg.
Meanwhile, the Ojibwa dubbed Fr. Pierz, "Old Man, Black Gown." Viewing him as a man of great spiritual power, they occasionally stole his socks to use as a folk remedy against rheumatism. As he had previously done at Grand Portage, Fr. Pierz continued to both preach and to teach his converts hymns in the Ojibwe language. 
During an interview at White Earth during the 1920s, Mrs. Isabel (née Vanoss) Belcourt, formerly of Otter Tail Lake, recalled, "They fixed him a good bed, but he always slept on the floor wrapped in a blanket. He would pray all night instead of sleeping. At Ottertail, he held school teaching the children catechism, in the Indian language. In his sermons [in] Indian, he would often break out with 'Ya! Ya! Ya!' Always spoke in a very earnest, fatherly way. Once during a famous Sioux scare, the Sioux broke into Fr. Pierz's house and took his vestments and cassock. Later a Sioux Chief was seen decked out in these vestments."
John Fairbanks, also of White Earth, later recalled, "Indians had great respect for him. He had a holy picture or medal for anyone who did anything for him, saying, 'Now, wear and don't lose it my little child and keep this holy picture'. He carried rosaries constantly. He was great to joke and made constant fun and good cheer. On his long trips if he had nothing to eat, it was alright, and if he had it it was alright, too. It took a good singer to outbeat him in singing the Chippewa hymns which he constantly taught the Indians. He always had medicine of all sorts, especially round pills in vials or glass bottles and gave precise prescriptions."
After the United States Federal Government signed the Treaty of Traverse des Sioux with the Dakota people in 1851, it declared much of southern and central Minnesota open to White settlement. 
The first Catholics to settle in what is now Stearns County were former Sauk Rapids pioneers James and Katherine Keough, who built a farmhouse and homestead on the modern site of the St. Cloud VA. James Keough later recalled, "About the time that the Treaty with the Sioux Indians was ratified, I asked Father Pierz to come across the Mississippi River and see what a fine country was there. He came across and was so delighted that he wrote about it in all directions... Father Pierz then came over to my house and celebrated Mass, and from that time visited us monthly. He usually stayed with us from Saturday till Monday, celebrating Mass on Sunday."
Other locations around St Cloud where Mass was offered by Fr. Pierz before the first Catholic church was built on the downtown site of the future St Cloud Federal Building included the John Schwartz home at 10 North 15th Avenue and the Rothkopp homestead along and overlooking the Beaver Islands Trail, which later became the first location of St. John's Abbey and later of the St. Cloud Children's Home. Early Stearns County German settlers, however, dubbed the former Rothkopp claim (), meaning "The Morning Star", and (), meaning, "The Priests' Forest."
Noticing many Protestant Yankee settlers from the Northern Tier, Father Pierz tried at first to interest his fellow Slovenes to settle in the region, but with limited success. 
Fr. Pierz had previously brought with him from Slovenia his 12-year-old nephew Joseph Notsch Jr., the son of his sister, Mrs. Apollonia Notsch. Joseph Notsch would accompany him on his trips, assist by serving Mass, and when necessary do the cooking. In 1854, Notsch's parents and siblings became the first Slovenian family to emigrate to the New World, and carried with them an altarpiece for Fr. Pierz which had been painted by Matevž Langus. The Notsch family was accused at the time of foolishness by Janez Bleiweis, the highly influential editor of the newspaper "Novice". Apollonia Notsch, however, later wrote a famous letter in the history of the Slovenian diaspora from her family's homestead in St. Joseph, Minnesota, describing the family's passage on the immigrant ship, her impressions of frontier life, and expressed joy for having emigrated to America. The letter was also published by Janez Bleiweis in "Novice", and convinced other Slovenes to follow the Notsch family's lead.
Fr. Pierz also decided to promote the territory among German-American Catholics. Writing in newspapers such as "Der Wahrheitsfreund" ("The Friend of Truth"), based in Cincinnati, Ohio, he wrote glowing descriptions of Minnesota's climate, its soil, and its large tracts of free land for homesteaders.
In one such letter, Fr. Pierz wrote, "Make haste, dear Germans, to precede all others and pick the best places that are to be found in America for your settlement. You will certainly find the best land, the healthiest region, and all freedom, and you will be provided for spiritually."
In a letter to "Der Wahrheitsfreund" on 1 March 1854, Fr. Pierz urged, "Germans who live in overpopulated cities and are become too Anglicized in the employ of Americans and Protestants", to migrate as homesteaders to the Minnesota Territory. He continued, "I do wish that the choicest pieces of land in this delightful Territory would become the property of thrifty Catholics who would make an earthly paradise of this Minnesota which Heaven has so richly blessed, and who would bear out the opinion that Germans prove to be the best farmers and the best Christians in America." He warned, however, "Do not bring with you any Freethinkers, Red Republicans, Atheists, or agitators."
According to historian Kathleen Neils Conzen, "Within weeks of the publication of his letter, scouts from separate German Catholic settlements in northeastern and north-central Illinois, southwestern and northwestern Indiana, northeastern, north-central, and southern Ohio, western Pennsylvania, eastern Wisconsin, and central Missouri had converged on the Sauk River Valley, and fifty pioneering families huddled in crude cabins that bitterly cold winter."
In May 1855, an even larger wave of German, Luxembourger, and Slovene settlers arrived, staking out claims throughout what are today Morrison, Benton, and Stearns counties.
Archbishop John Ireland later wrote of Fr. Pierz, "Wielding a facile pen, gifted with poetic fancy, skilled in description, he filled week after week the columns of German papers in America and Europe with vivid picturings of the region, beckoning thither all who craved for happy homes, who foresaw in the cultivation of the land prosperity for themselves and their children. At the call of Father Pirec (sic) there came crowds of settlers, sturdy sons of Rheinland, Westphalia, and Bavaria, until a new Germany arose in Stearns County -- a new Germany permeated to the core with that strong Catholic Faith and energy racy of the Catholic population of those historic provinces of olden Germany."
Unable to care for both the settlers and the Ojibwa, Father Pierz pleaded with Bishop Crétin to send more priests to assist him. The Bishop wrote in response to Abbot Boniface Wimmer of Saint Vincent Archabbey in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. On May 21, 1856, a party of five Benedictine priests from Pennsylvania arrived on a steamboat at Sauk Rapids, Minnesota. They founded Saint John's Abbey. Unable to be there to greet them, Father Pierz had left a letter for the party's leader, Father Demetrius de Marogna, by which he formally transferred his missions in and around Sauk Rapids to the jurisdiction of the Benedictine Order.
The following year, he was instrumental in bringing Mother Benedicta Riepp and a group of Benedictine nuns from the Abbey founded by Saint Walpurga in Eichstätt, Kingdom of Bavaria, to educate the many children of the German immigrants in Central Minnesota. They founded St. Benedict's Convent, College, and Monastery at St. Joseph.
In 1857, Fr. Pierz also invited fellow Slovenian missionary Fr. Lovrenc Lavtižar to Minnesota, where he was assigned to the Red Lake Indian Reservation. During the night of December 3, 1858, Fr. Lavtižar froze to death during a blizzard while returning across the ice of Red Lake after giving the Last Rites to a dying Ojibwe Catholic. Fr. Pierz subsequently eulogized his deceased fellow missionary in a work of Slovenian poetry, which he titled "Spomenik Lovrencu Lavtižaru, bivšemu misijonarju v severni Ameriki".
1862 peacemaker.
At the outbreak of the American Civil War in 1861, some Ojibwe had volunteered to serve in the Union Army. During an interview on White Earth in the 1920s, John Fairbanks recalled, "The Indian soldiers at Crow Wing, before leaving for the Civil War, marched to Father Pierz in solemn file. He blessed them and told them that they would come back safe and so they all did."
During the Dakota War of 1862, Chief Hole in the Day of the Mississippi Band spoke out in favor of the Ojibwe joining forces with their traditional enemies, Chief Little Crow and the Dakota people, to drive all American and European immigrants from Minnesota. His threats to attack and take control of Fort Ripley caused a great amount of terror at the fort.
To further convince other Minnesota Ojibwe to join his uprising, Chief Hole in the Day spread a false rumor that the Union Army would soon be conscripting Ojibwe men to fight in the American Civil War. Largely in reaction to this rumor and warlike coaxing by Hole in the Day, a group from the Leech Lake Ojibwe burned down the Indian Agency in Walker, Minnesota, took prisoners, and marched to Crow Wing.
The other Ojibwe chiefs, however, did not agree with the idea of going to war against the United States Federal Government and, with many Ojibwe warriors, moved into Fort Ripley to help defend the fort against a possible attack from forces incited by Hole in the Day.
When the news of the attempted uprising reached him, Fr. Pierz was visiting St. Cloud, Minnesota and staying with Mother Benedicta Riepp and the Benedictine Sisters. St. Cloud and the surrounding countryside panicked and many young men volunteered for military service, only to be immediately withdrawn for military operations against the Dakota, which left St. Cloud defenseless. In response to an urgent plea from the Commanding Officer at Fort Ripley, Fr. Pierz also left St. Cloud immediately, but ran towards the potential war zone rather than away from it. Upon reaching the war zone, Fr. Pierz approached Chief Hole in the Day's camp at great personal risk. After a considerable time arguing that he must see the Chief with the Ojibwe guards, who were under strict orders to shoot anyone, whether Ojibwe or White, who tried to cross the inner line and enter Hole in the Day's war camp, an older warrior, who was a Catholic convert, approached and said, "We have orders to allow no man to go beyond this line; now the black-robe says he must see the chiefs. There is no way of evading orders; we must carry the black-robe into the council. He thus does not go, but is carried, and that has not been forbidden."
According to historian Fr. Robert J. Voigt, Fr. Pierz's decades of missionary work had taught him about the great importance of family connections within Odawa and Ojibwe culture, as well as the very deep love that parents feel for their children. With this in mind, Fr Pierz presented a bag of tobacco as a sign that he came in peace. Fr Pierz then spoke to Hole in the Day and his followers for one half hour in the Ojibwe language about what he termed the foolishness of their intentions. He explained that there was already widespread outrage over the many settlers slain by the Dakota throughout the Minnesota River valley, that the United States military was too numerous and too powerful for them to defeat, and what is now called genocide could very easily be unleashed against the whole Ojibwe people, including their wives and their children. He ended by pleading with the Chief to negotiate peace with honor before it was too late.
Even though all other peace-making efforts had failed, Chief Hole in the Day immediately replied that he would call off the uprising. He then journeyed with Fr. Pierz to Crow Wing and signed a peace agreement with the United States Federal Government.
Despite these events, Fr. Pierz considered the resentments felt by the Ojibwe and Dakota to be perfectly understandable. For example, in a September 1862 letter, Fr. Pierz expressed his thoughts about the recent destruction of New Ulm, Minnesota during two recent battles between local German-American settlers and the Dakota people. Fr. Pierz described a recent New Ulm festival and parade which were, from a Catholic perspective, a very deliberate and insulting mockery of Corpus Christi Eucharistic processions and the doctrine of the Real Presence by the anti-Christian and anti-theistic German-American Turners and Forty-Eighters who had founded and still dominated that settlement. Fr Pierz expressed a belief that the Dakota attack may have represented divine retribution for both the anti-Catholic festival parade and for what he considered the dishonorable behavior of local settlers' and corrupt Federal Indian Agents. 
Ironically, the New Ulm Forty-Eighters' anti-Catholic procession may in reality have been motivated by fear over their increasing loss of social and political control. According to Kathleen Neils Conzen, "Thanks to the nature of its immigration, the church more than the union hall remained at the center of Minnesota's German community life. Even free-thinking New Ulm became by the end of the 19th century a Catholic stronghold overlooked by a Lutheran college on its bluffs."
Later life.
In 1863, Father Pierz sailed for Europe to recruit additional priests for the Minnesota missions. Among those who returned with him were fellow Slovenian priests Joseph Francis Buh (for whom Buh Township, in Morrison County, Minnesota is named), Ignaz Tomazin, and James Trobec (the future Bishop of Saint Cloud).
According to Father Robert J. Voigt, "Father Pierz was loved by the priests and people alike. To give some examples: in 1865 Bishop Thomas Grace summoned all the priests of his jurisdiction (some 30) to Saint Paul for a retreat. At the end of the retreat the Bishop insisted that Father Pierz celebrate his Golden Jubilee as a priest. He did so by offering a Solemn High Mass in the Cathedral of Saint Paul. Afterwards a dinner was given in his honor."
Following the death of his former mentor, Bishop Frederic Baraga, on January 19, 1868, Fr. Pierz eulogized him in a work of Slovenian poetry, which he titled "Pesem od misijonarja Baraga".
After the June 27, 1868 contract killing of Chief Hole in the Day in the Gull Lake road by twelve hired gunmen from the Pillager Band, his son Ignatius Hole in the Day, a convert to Roman Catholicism and graduate of St. John's University in Collegeville, requested that his father receive a Catholic burial. As the Chief had been seriously considering converting to Catholicism but had never actually been baptized, Hole in the Day was buried by Fr. Pierz, without a Requiem Mass, in the unconsecrated section of the Roman Catholic cemetery at Old Crow Wing. In an interview during the 1920s, an elderly Catholic Ojibwe recalled that mobbed up Crow Wing political boss Clement Hudon Beaulieu and the other mixed race merchants with whom he had secretly hired the Pillager Band assassins, pretended at the time to be very scandalized by Fr. Pierz's burial of the Chief.
According to Ojibwe author and historian Anton Treuer, the oral tradition passed down among Hole in the Day's extended family is that the Chief's non-Catholic relatives objected for different reasons to Ignatius Hole in the Day's choice of burial. This is why they secretly dug up the Chief's body, and reburied him with traditional Ojibwe ritual at a secret location near the town of White Earth.
In 1871, following a battle with pneumonia from which he never entirely recovered, Father Pierz reluctantly accepted the limitations of age and retired to the predominantly German-speaking parish of Rich Prairie, Morrison County. It was renamed Pierz in his honor. 
According to Fr. Robert J. Voigt, "In Father Pierz's time, the Masses in this church were usually Low Masses at which the congregation sang German songs accompanied by Mr Anthony Rauch on the violin. Most of the time it was the Mass of the Blessed Virgin, for Father Pierz had permission to say that Mass daily on account of his poor eyesight."
His health, however, continued to decline. In a letter written on January 20, 1872, Father Pierz declared, "During the past year, my eyesight has failed me so that I am unable to read newspapers anymore. In the eighty-seventh year of my life my health is perceptively declining. Two years ago, I was still able to take care of twelve missions, Indian, German, English-speaking. This year my Right Rev. Bishop urged me to retire and live with him or at least take charge of some small German mission. Two attacks of apoplexy endangered my life; but my homeopathic medicines soon restored my health. At the present I hear a continued buzzing sound in my ears, reminding me strongly that the time has come to prepare for my last mission journey."
On September 6, 1873, Father Pierz sailed for Slovenia to live out his last years. After spending the winter at the Franciscan monastery in his native Kamnik, he moved to Ljubljana, where he lived for several years as a permanent guest in the Diocesan Chancery. The Austro-Hungarian Crown awarded him a full pension.
According to Fr. John Seliskar, who knew Fr. Pierz in his last years, "The past for him was a blank; he had no realization of his surroundings. He would frequently hail a cab and request the driver to take him to Wabasha, or some Indian mission he attended in America. A few minutes' drive would satisfy him, for he no longer remembered the order he had given the coachman. He left his memory and his mind among the red men. The writer of these lines remembers the aged missionary, bowed down with the weight of years, with a faraway look in his eyes, walking the streets of Laibach, but his spirit apparently wandering in the American forests."
Death and legacy.
Death and burial.
Father Pierz died on January 22, 1880. After a Tridentine Requiem Mass offered by Bishop Janez Zlatoust Pogačar of the Diocese of Ljubljana, he was interred in Saint Christopher's Cemetery in the Bežigrad District of Ljubljana. 
As part of the Axis occupation of Slovenia during the Second World War, the tombstones from St. Christopher's Cemetery were all removed by the German Wehrmacht and Royal Italian Army and used to make pillboxes. After the war, the pillboxes were destroyed without any thought to their religious or historical importance.
Furthermore, the cemetery and the two churches associated with it were destroyed by order of the Marxist-Leninist Premier of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Joseph Broz Tito, in 1955, in order to create a fairground for the 7th Congress of the Communist Party of Yugoslavia. When Father Robert J. Voigt visited Ljubljana in 1963, he learned that the precise location of Father Pierz's remains was unmarked, but still known.
Legacy.
Father Pierz continues to be fondly remembered in both his native land and in central Minnesota. He remains a popular figure in Minnesota folklore, with stories about him passed down among both the Ojibwa and White ethnic Catholics of the area.
Writing in 1997, Jewish-American historian of America's religious architecture Marilyn J. Chiat described Fr. Pierz's legacy as follows, "Father Francis X. Pierz, a missionary to Indians in central Minnesota, published a series of articles in 1851 in German Catholic newspapers advocating Catholic settlement in central Minnesota. Large numbers of immigrants, mainly German, but also Slovenian and Polish, responded. Over 20 parishes where formed in what is now Stearns County, each centered on a church-oriented hamlet. As the farmers prospered, the small frame churches were replaced by more substantial buildings of brick or stone such as St. Mary, Help of Christians, a Gothic Revival stone structure built in 1873. Stearns County retains in its German character and is still home to one of the largest rural Catholic populations in Anglo-America."
Furthermore, according to Kathleen Neils Conzen, "Stearns County Germans early established daughter settlements at West Union in Todd County, Millerville in Douglas County, and Pierz in Morrison County, later flooded into North Dakota (where 'Stearns County German' remains a recognized ethnicity today), and in 1905 negotiated with the Canadian authorities to establish the St. Peter Colony in north-central Saskatchewan."
Quotes.
A missioner in America is like a plaything in the hand of God. Sufferings and joys alternate constantly. No conquest for the Kingdom can be achieved here without exertion and the sweat of one's brow. Our dear Lord permits us to be humiliated and prepared by much suffering before he employs us as instruments of His mercy in the conversion of the Pagans and allows us to enjoy the comforts of soul their spiritual rebirth causes."
Legends.
I remember an incident of Father Pierz and a man named Dugal, the Government blacksmith at Crow Wing. This Dugal was quite pious but went on a spree once in a while – once a month. And Father Pierz would meet him in this condition and say to him in French, 'You are drunk again, my pig.' Once, on a trip to Leech Lake, Father Pierz got a hold of Dugal's supply of whiskey and only gave it out to him in small portions. Dugal begged for the bottle but Pierz said, 'No, no, you my pig.' Dugal when drunk feared Pierz. Once as he saw Pierz entering a store and knowing he was under a good supple of liquor, Dugal hid himself under a buffalo robe. But Pierz chatted and stayed so long that Dugal finally gave up and, casting off the robe, said, 'Father, I confess!'

</doc>
<doc id="6944932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944932" title="K-7">
K-7



</doc>
<doc id="6944937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944937" title="Limnological catastrophe">
Limnological catastrophe



</doc>
<doc id="6944951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944951" title="NSA Linux">
NSA Linux



</doc>
<doc id="6944957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944957" title="Socialist Party of Great Britain (Reconstituted)">
Socialist Party of Great Britain (Reconstituted)



</doc>
<doc id="6944958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944958" title="Take It Down From The Mast">
Take It Down From The Mast



</doc>
<doc id="6944959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944959" title="Why Go">
Why Go



</doc>
<doc id="6944960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944960" title="Women Of Ireland">
Women Of Ireland



</doc>
<doc id="6944962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944962" title="Vrgada">
Vrgada

Vrgada () is an island off the coast of Croatia in the Adriatic Sea. It is located halfway between Zadar and Šibenik, in the archipelago northwest of Murter and south of Biograd na moru, from the mainland. It has area of . and population of 249. The only settlement on the island is also named Vrgada and is surrounded with pine forest. Main industries are agriculture and fishing. On northeast coast, there are several small coves.

</doc>
<doc id="6944978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944978" title="North Dakota State University at Fargo">
North Dakota State University at Fargo



</doc>
<doc id="6944980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944980" title="Przygody pana Michała">
Przygody pana Michała



</doc>
<doc id="6944991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944991" title="Anna Soderberg">
Anna Soderberg



</doc>
<doc id="6944992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944992" title="Günther Schmieder">
Günther Schmieder

Gunter Schmieder (born 27 July 1957 in Marienberg) is an East German nordic combined skier who competed from 1976 to 1984. He won a gold medal in the 3 x 10 km team event at the 1982 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Oslo and finished fifth in the 15 km individual event in the same world championships in 1978 and 1982.
Schmieder finished 8th in the individual event at the 1980 Winter Olympics and 15th in the same event at the 1984 Winter Olympics. He won two individual events in his career; in 1976 and in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="6944994" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944994" title="Fleckvieh (Simmental, Dual-purpose)">
Fleckvieh (Simmental, Dual-purpose)



</doc>
<doc id="6944997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6944997" title="Conington Prize">
Conington Prize

The Conington Prize is awarded annually by the University of Oxford. The cash prize is offered for a dissertation on a subject chosen by the writer and approved by the Board of the Faculty of Classics.
The subject offered cycles through these fields:
The prize is open to all members of the university and the dissertation may be written in English or Latin. It is named after the English classical scholar John Conington.

</doc>
<doc id="6945016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945016" title="Tokyo juliet">
Tokyo juliet



</doc>
<doc id="6945019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945019" title="Buddhist meditation retreat">
Buddhist meditation retreat



</doc>
<doc id="6945020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945020" title="Meditation retreat">
Meditation retreat



</doc>
<doc id="6945025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945025" title="Backdating">
Backdating

Backdating, also called antedating, is when a document is signed with a timestamp that has an earlier (older) date and/or time than when the document is actually signed. The opposite is forward dating, meaning that a later date/time is written than what is actually the time at the time of writing. Backdating and forward dating are in many contexts undesirable and can constitute document forgery, but can also have legitimate purposes.
Examples.
Backdating is often considered questionable at best. For example, documents may be backdated as part of a tax fraud scheme if the tax rate for a particular transaction has just increased. By backdating the document, the old tax rate is paid. If a claim is made after an insurance policy has expired, backdating can give the impression that the claim arose while the insurance was still in effect.
In some cases, backdating is irrelevant, for example if the law is concerned with the point in time of receipt, rather than the time of dispatch.
Some other examples of backdating are:

</doc>
<doc id="6945037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945037" title="Jorma Etelälahti">
Jorma Etelälahti

Jorma Etelälahti (born 17 November 1951) is a Finnish former nordic combined skier. He earned a silver in the 3 x 10 km team event at the 1982 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Oslo. He also competed at the 1976 Winter Olympics and the 1980 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="6945050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945050" title="John Sutor">
John Sutor

John Allan Sutor (1 July 1909 – 2 December 1966) was an English first-class cricketer who played in a single match for Worcestershire against Hampshire in the last round of matches in the 1928 County Championship. He did not distinguish himself, being dismissed for 2 and 1, and he never played again.
Sutor was born in Knighton-upon-Teme, Worcestershire; he died aged 57 in Sydney, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="6945068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945068" title="Insight Meditation Society">
Insight Meditation Society

The Insight Meditation Society (IMS) is a non-profit organization for study of Buddhism located in Barre, Massachusetts. It was founded in 1975 by Sharon Salzberg, Jack Kornfield, Joseph Goldstein and Jacqueline Schwartz, and is rooted in the Theravada tradition. Its first retreat center in an old mansion in Barre, Massachusetts was opened on February 14, 1976.
Overview.
IMS offers Buddhist meditation retreats at two facilities – the Retreat Center and The Forest Refuge – in rural central Massachusetts. Both centers teach vipassanā meditation. In 1990, a closely related but independent educational center, the Barre Center for Buddhist Studies, was founded by Joseph Goldstein and Sharon Salzberg on land adjoining IMS.
From 1996-2006, IMS offered a correspondence course developed by its founders Joseph Goldstein and Sharon Salzberg entitled "Insight Meditation" which consisted of 12 audio cassettes and a workbook. The course later evolved into "Insight Meditation: An In-Depth Correspondence Course", with 24 audio CDs and an 88-page workbook.
Teachings.
When a Retreat Center course is in progress, anyone who is not already participating in the retreat is welcome to attend the evening talks about the teachings, known as dharma talks. Those with insight meditation experience are also welcome to attend group sittings." Dharma talks are available for free download, a service provided by Dharma Seed.

</doc>
<doc id="6945070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945070" title="List of Bishops of London">
List of Bishops of London



</doc>
<doc id="6945073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945073" title="Muhammad Raziuddin Siddiqui">
Muhammad Raziuddin Siddiqui

Muhammad Raziuddin Siddiqui, FPAS, NI, HI, SI (Urdu: , ; 8 January 1908 – 8 January 1998), also known as Dr. Razi, was a Pakistani theoretical physicist and a mathematician who played a role in Pakistan's education system, and Pakistan's indigenous development of nuclear weapons. An educationist and a scientist, Siddiqui established educational research institutes and universities in his country.
During the 1940s in Europe, he contributed in mathematical physics and worked on general relativity and the theory of relativity, nuclear energy, and quantum gravity. He was one of the notable students of Albert Einstein.
He had been the vice-chancellor of four Pakistani universities, and the first vice-chancellor of Quaid-e-Azam University and served as the Emeritus professor of Physics there until his death in 1998.
Biography.
Life and education.
Raziuddin Siddiqui was born on 8 January 1908 in Hyderabad- Deccan, India to Mohammed Muzaffer uddin Siddiqui and Baratunnisa Begum. His family consisted of one elder brother, Mohammed Zakiuddin Siddiqui and two sisters, Abida Begum and Sajida Begum, he was the youngest in the family. He attended the newly established Osmania University. After passing the "Rashidia Exams" in 1918, Siddiqui completed his matriculation from Osmania University in 1921, and earned a Bachelor of Arts (BA) in mathematics, with distinction, in 1925.
Siddiqui in Europe.
Siddiqui was then awarded a scholarship from the Government of the State of Hyderabad to pursue higher studies in United Kingdom where he completed his MA in mathematics, under Paul Dirac from the University of Cambridge in 1928. Then, he proceeded further to work for his PhD at the University of Leipzig in Germany (Weimar Republic).
He studied mathematics and quantum mechanics under Albert Einstein. He completed his PhD in theoretical physics, writing a brief research thesis on the Theory of relativity and the nuclear binding energy. He did his post doctoral work at the University of Paris, France.
Research in theoretical physics.
In Europe, while Siddique was working on his post-doctoral research at the Paris University, he had the opportunity to meet with the members of "The Paris Group" where he had led the discussions on unsolved problems in physics and in mathematics. During his stay in Great Britain, he studied Quantum mechanics and published scientific papers at the Cavendish Laboratory.
Return to India.
In 1931, Siddiqui then returned to Hyderabad, British Indian Empire, and joined Osmania University there as an associate professor of mathematics. During 1948–49, he served as vice-chancellor of Osmania, appointed by the governor of Andhra Pradesh.
Move to Pakistan.
After the Partition of India led to the independence of Pakistan in 1947, at the request of the Government of Pakistan, Siddiqui migrated to Karachi, Pakistan in 1950, along with some of his family. His brother Zakiuddin and one of his sisters, Sajida Begum, remained in Hyderabad, India with their families and parents. His father Muzaffer uddin Siddiqui died while his visit to Raziuddin Siddiqui in Pakistan later in his years.
In Karachi, Siddiqui joined the Karachi University's teaching faculty and taught as professor of applied mathematics there. In 1953, he was simultaneously appointed to the post of vice-chancellor of the University of Sindh and the University of Peshawar. Siddiqui founded the first mathematical society in Pakistan in 1952 by the name of "All Pakistan Mathematics Association", and remained its president until 1972. In 1956, Siddiqui helped establish Nuclear power in Pakistan and its expansion in the country by first joining the newly established Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission (PAEC) and then establishing the first science directorate on mathematical physics.
In 1964, he moved to Islamabad, where he joined PAEC. There he began his academic research in theoretical physics. In 1965, with the establishment of Quaid-e-Azam University (QAU), Siddiqui was appointed as its first vice-chancellor by the then foreign minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto. He was one of the first professors of Physics at Quaid-e-Azam University where he also served as the chairman of the Physics Department. He continued his tenure until 1972, when he rejoined PAEC at the request of Prime Minister Bhutto. During the 1960s, he helped convince President of Pakistan Ayub Khan to make a proposed university a research institution. He, at first, established the "Institute of Physics" at the QAU, and invited Professor Riazuddin to be its first director, and the dean of the faculty. Then, Riazuddin, with the help of his mentor, Dr. Abdus Salam, convinced the then PAEC chairman Dr. Ishrat Hussain Usmani to send all the theoreticians to the Institute of Physics to form a physics group. This established the "Theoretical Physics Group" (TPG), which later designed nuclear weapons for Pakistan.
With the establishment of TPG, Siddiqui began to work with Abdus Salam, and on his advice began research in Theoretical Physics at PAEC. In 1970, he established the Mathematical Physics Group (MPG) at PAEC, where he led academic research in advanced mathematics. He also delegated mathematicians to PAEC to specialise in their fields at the MPG Division of PAEC.
Pakistani nuclear weapons program.
After the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971, Siddiqui joined the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission (PAEC) at the request of Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto. Siddiqui was the first full-time Technical Member of PAEC and was responsible for preparation of its charter.
During the 1970s, Siddiqui worked on problems in theoretical physics with Pakistani theoretical physicists in the nuclear weapons programme. Previously, he had worked in Europe, including carrying out nuclear research in the British nuclear weapon program, and the French atomic program. At PAEC, he became a mentor to some of the country's academic scientists. At PAEC, he was the director of the Mathematical Physics Group (MPG) and was tasked with performing mathematical calculations involved in nuclear fission and supercomputing. While both MPG and Theoretical Physics Group (TPG) had reported directly to Abdus Salam, Siddiqui co-ordinated each meeting with the scientists of TPG and mathematicians of the MPG. At PAEC, he directed the mathematical research directly involving the theory of general relativity, and helped establish the quantum computers laboratories at PAEC.
Since theoretical physics plays a major role in identifying the parameters of nuclear physics, Siddiqui started the work on special relativity's complex applications, the 'relativity of simultaneity'. His Mathematical Physics Group undertook the research and performed calculations on the 'relativity of simultaneity' during the process of weapon detonation, where multiple explosive energy rays are bound to release in the same isolate and close medium at the same time interval.
Post-war.
After his work at PAEC, Siddiqui again joined Quaid-e-Azam University's Physics Faculty. As professor of physics, he continued his research at the Institute of Physics, QAU. He helped develop the higher education sector, and placed mainframe policies in the institution.
Death and legacy.
Siddiqui remained in Islamabad, and had associated himself with Quaid-e-Azam University. In 1990, he was made Professor Emeritus of Physics and Mathematics there. He died on 8 January 1998, at the age of 90. Siddiqui's biography was written by scientists who had worked with him. In 1960, due to his efforts to expand education, he was awarded the third-highest civilian award of Pakistan, Sitara-i-Imtiaz, from the then-President of Pakistan, Field Marshal Ayub Khan.
In 1981, he was awarded the second highest civilian award, Hilal-i-Imtiaz, from President General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq due to his efforts in Pakistan's atomic program, and for popularising science in Pakistan. In May 1998, the Government of Pakistan awarded him the highest civilian award, the Nishan-i-Imtiaz, posthumously by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif when Pakistan conducted its first successful nuclear tests, 'Chagai-I'.
Family.
His eldest daughter, Dr. Shirin Tahir-Kheli, is a former special assistant to the president of the United States of America, and Senior Adviser for women's empowerment.

</doc>
<doc id="6945075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945075" title="Cam2cam">
Cam2cam



</doc>
<doc id="6945077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945077" title="Follow Me Up to Carlow">
Follow Me Up to Carlow



</doc>
<doc id="6945080" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945080" title="The Adventures of Sir Michael">
The Adventures of Sir Michael



</doc>
<doc id="6945082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945082" title="Jack Your Body">
Jack Your Body

"Jack Your Body" is a song by American music producer Steve "Silk" Hurley, originally released as a single in 1986. It was included on the album "Hold on to Your Dream" (1987) under the alias J.M. Silk. The song topped the UK Singles Chart for two weeks in January 1987.
History.
One of the landmark records in the history of house music, "Jack Your Body" was composed and produced by Hurley. The title refers to jacking, an ecstatic dance style that emerged within the Chicago house scene since the early to mid 1980s. The song climbed to number 25 on the US "Billboard" Hot Dance/Disco Club Play chart and number 37 on the 12-inch Singles Sales chart. The song became a hit in the United Kingdom, reaching number one for two weeks in January 1987.
"Jack Your Body" was the first UK number one single to achieve the majority of its sales on the 12-inch format. Under the chart rules in place at the time, the 12-inch sales should not have counted toward the song's chart position, as its running time exceeded the then-current 25-minute limit. However, the 25-minute rule was not enforced, since the running time was not brought to the chart compilers' attention until the record was already at number one.
Hurley never promoted the track, as he was "under pressure" to complete the "Hold on to Your Dream" album. He did not know that the track had reached number one on the UK Singles Chart—when his manager mentioned, in passing, that the track had hit number one in the UK, he assumed this meant on the UK Dance Chart. In spite of the song's success, Hurley has had no further solo singles whatsoever (under his own name) on the UK Singles Chart. "Jack Your Body" was re-released, each time with new remixes, in 1987, 1992, 2000, and 2009.
Impact and legacy.
In 1996, Oliver Bondzio of German electronic music duo Hardfloor chose "Jack Your Body" as one of the tunes that changed his life, saying, "This was one of the first tracks I heard being played in Checkers, a club in Düsseldorf I went to for three years. It had the best sound system and DJs. It was the first to play house and acid house tunes. I like the way they sampled the 'jack' in the old skool way. You can't forget this one."
In 2014, "Rolling Stone" featured it in their "20 Best Chicago House Records" list, adding, "Arriving a few years into house's existence, Hurley's "Jack Your Body" came out swinging with unapologetic experimentation — its Roland-centered electronic spine helping to touch off the acid house revolution in the U.K. Here was something far removed from disco's orchestral feel and entirely new. It was ultimately the first house song to hit Number One in the U.K." In 2020, "The Guardian" ranked the song number 50 in their list of "The 100 greatest UK No 1s", writing, "It's hard to imagine now how strange and alien 'Jack Your Body' sounded in 1987. Other early house hits had at least come with a song or a hook attached, but this had neither: it may be the most minimal No 1 of all time. It isn't by any stretch of the imagination the best Chicago had to offer in 1987: as a signal of a vast shift in the way pop music sounded, it's unbeatable." In 2024, "Classic Pop" ranked "Jack Your Body" number 10 in their list of "Top 20 80s House Hits".

</doc>
<doc id="6945086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945086" title="Alves dos reis">
Alves dos reis



</doc>
<doc id="6945088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945088" title="David Clopton">
David Clopton

David Clopton (September 29, 1820 – February 5, 1892) was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives and associate judge of the Alabama Supreme Court.
Biography.
Clopton was born in Putnam County, Georgia, near Milledgeville, Georgia, on September 29, 1820, a son of Alford Clopton (1787–1870) and his wife, Sarah “Sally” Clopton (née Kendrick). He attended the county schools and Edenton Academy in Georgia, and moved to Alabama in 1844, graduating from Randolph-Macon College in 1840 and being admitted to the bar in 1841. He practiced law in Milledgeville, beginning in that year, and developed an association with Robert S. Lanier, whose son Clifford later married Clopton's daughter. In 1844, he moved to Tuskegee, Ala. and practiced law there.
Clopton represented Alabama's 3rd district in the United States House of Representatives as a Democrat beginning in 1859. During his term he was a strong supporter of states' rights; in a speech delivered during the struggle for the Speakership of the 36th Congress, he said the following: "We do not desire war. The policy of the South would be peace. But whenever this Government, in the opinion of the Southern people, shall have failed to accomplish the ends for which it was instituted, the Southern States, exercising their right, will abolish it, and institute a new Government, laying its foundation in such principles, and organizing it in such forms, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness. Whenever they see proper to exercise these rights, then, if war comes, it must come from the North. If war must come, let it come".
Clopton withdrew from the United States House of Representatives in 1861 and enlisted as a private in the Confederate Army in the Twelfth Alabama Infantry for one year.
Afterwards he represented Alabama in the First Confederate Congress and the Second Confederate Congress. He was among a group who wrote to the Alabama governor petitioning for the pardon of Robert Wynn, doorkeeper of the provisional Congress, who had been convicted of assault with intent to murder but later reconciled with his victim. As part of a Macon County consortium, he contracted with the Alabama Salt Commission to manufacture salt in Saltville, Virginia.
In 1887 he married Virginia Tunstall Clay, widow of Clement Claiborne Clay.
After the war, he served in the Alabama state legislature in 1878 and as an associate justice of the Alabama Supreme Court from 1884 until his death in Montgomery, Ala., February 5, 1892. He is buried in Oakwood Cemetery.
References.
 Retrieved on 2008-10-01

</doc>
<doc id="6945089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945089" title="A Walk in the Spring Rain">
A Walk in the Spring Rain

A Walk in the Spring Rain is a 1970 American romantic drama film in Eastmancolor made by Columbia Pictures, directed by Guy Green and produced by Stirling Silliphant, from his own screenplay based on the novel by Rachel Maddux. Outside location scenes were filmed in New York City, the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, Gatlinburg, Tennessee and Knoxville, Tennessee.
The film stars Ingrid Bergman and Anthony Quinn, with Fritz Weaver, Katherine Crawford, and Virginia Gregg. The music score was by Elmer Bernstein and the cinematography by Charles Lang. Martial arts superstar Bruce Lee, a personal friend of producer Stirling Silliphant, choreographed the fight between Will Cade (Anthony Quinn) and his son.
Plot.
Libby Meredith and her law-professor husband, Roger, 52, move from New York to a small house in the Tennessee backwoods during a snowy winter. Their married neighbor, Will Cade, is attracted to Libby and very helpful and friendly to them. While her intellectual husband is busy writing a book, Libby comes to like the country life and finds herself attracted to Will's rural sensibilities, culminating in a brief affair.
Libby is surprised when her daughter, Ellen, arrives to ask them to return to New York so Libby can help raise grandson Bucky while Ellen attends Harvard Law School. Will's erratic son, who had seen his father and Libby embracing in the woods, molests her when she is out walking. Will rescues her but accidentally kills his son in rescuing her from his clutches. After attending the funeral, the disillusioned Merediths decide to return to New York because they have drifted apart, Roger has failed to finish his book, and Ellen needs Libby for Bucky. When Libby bids the Cades goodbye, he follows her for a private conversation and says he will wait for her to return, but she says she no longer believes in miracles. The last scene, very similar to the first one, shows Libby wearing the same clothes and picking up Bucky from school, and part of the song "A Walk in the Spring Rain" plays over the end credits.
Production.
Writer-producer Stirling Silliphant heard about Bergman's interest in the 1966 Rachel Maddux novel, "A Walk in the Spring Rain", and she joined the project. It was her first American film in more than 20 years. Silliphant and would-be director Kevin Billington had a creative disagreement, and Guy Green directed. Green said he made it to work with the stars.
Production was slated for West Virginia, but was moved to the Tennessee part of the Great Smoky Mountains and the national park, primarily the Cades Cove area. Some filming was done in nearby Knoxville and in Gatlinburg, which borders the park; the Merediths spend a weekend at the Gatlinburg Motor Inn (now The Gatlinburg Inn) on Parkway and do some shopping along the street. Rehearsals began in April 1968, and principal photography started in April 1969. It moved to New York City in May or early June and was delayed a day when thieves stole $250,000 worth of equipment. Replacement gear was brought in from Los Angeles.
Release.
The world premiere was held April 9, 1970 at the Capri 70 theatre, as part of Knoxville's annual Dogwood Arts Festival. It grossed $17,561 in its opening week, a Knoxville record, and expanded into other theaters in the South East of the United States. "Critical reception was largely negative, and the film proved to be a commercial failure," according to the American Film Institute Catalog of Feature Films. A book, "Fiction Into Film: A Walk in the Spring Rain," was published in 1970 by the University of Tennessee Press. It included Maddux's novel, Silliphant's screenplay, and commentary by Neil D. Isaacs "on the fashioning of the script and various stages of production," according to "Variety".

</doc>
<doc id="6945095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945095" title="Best of Blancmange">
Best of Blancmange

The Best of Blancmange (1996) is a compilation of singles, album and non album tracks from the English musical group Blancmange
Track listing.
All songs written by Neil Arthur &amp; Stephen Luscombe, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="6945100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945100" title="Annette Beutler">
Annette Beutler

Annette Beutler (born 29 June 1976) is a Swiss professional racing cyclist. She is part of the 2007 Team Flexpoint. She was the Swiss National Road Race champion in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="6945104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945104" title="Marshal of lodgings">
Marshal of lodgings



</doc>
<doc id="6945112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945112" title="Supermarine Scapa">
Supermarine Scapa

The Supermarine Scapa was a British general reconnaissance flying boat built by Supermarine that was used by the Royal Air Force between 1935 and 1939. It was developed from the Southampton and formed the basis of the Supermarine Stranraer.
Development.
After experimenting with a three-engine design of flying boat, the Nanok, Supermarine's chief designer R. J. Mitchell decided that the hydrodynamic design developed in the twin-engined Supermarine Southampton, would be suitable for the next aircraft.
A prototype, designated the Southampton IV, was built. It had a hull that exceeded expectations in tests. An Air Ministry Specification was received in November 1931. The test pilot Joseph "Mutt" Summers took first flew the prototype on 8 July 1932, by which time the name of the type had been changed to Scapa.
After 15 Scapas were built, production was changed to a more powerful development, the Supermarine Stranraer.
Design.
The Scapa's hull was an all-metal structure, while the wing and tail surfaces had metal structure with fabric covering. The two Rolls-Royce Kestrel V12 engines were mounted in nacelles underslung from the upper wing, and there were two fins, each placed at the mid semi-span of the tailplane. Similar to the Southampton, there were three gun positions: one in the nose, and two staggered in the rear fuselage. Each provided with a single .303 British (7.7 mm) caliber Lewis Mk.I machine guns.

</doc>
<doc id="6945116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945116" title="St. Joseph and Savannah Interurban Railway">
St. Joseph and Savannah Interurban Railway

The St. Joseph and Savannah Interurban Railway was a 13-mile interurban electric railway that ran between St. Joseph, Missouri, and Savannah, Missouri, from 1910 to 1939.
Today, a tiny one-room waiting station still stands in a mostly residential neighborhood in Savannah.
History.
It was operated by the St. Joseph Railway, Light, Heat and Power Company, which operated the trolley system in St. Joseph. It began, on July 5, 1910, to compete with the Chicago Great Western Railroad. It consisted of three wooden cars and headed north on the streetcar line down St. Joseph Avenue and terminated four blocks west of the square in Savannah.
The line connected to the Kansas City, Clay County and St. Joseph Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="6945127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945127" title="Edward Argent">
Edward Argent

Edward Arthur Argent (6 February 1898 – 20 July 1968) was an English cricketer who played two first-class matches, both for Worcestershire in the space of a few days in 1928. He had very little success, taking no wickets from a total of 13 overs and making scores of 3, 0 and 19 with the bat.
Argent was born in Wandsworth, London; he died aged 70 in Horsham, Sussex.

</doc>
<doc id="6945135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945135" title="Lysicles (5th century BC)">
Lysicles (5th century BC)

Lysicles ( "Lysikles"; died 428 BC) was an Athenian general and leader of the democratic faction in the city. He lived during the fifth century BC and possibly was a friend of Pericles.
According to Aeschines Socraticus, Lysicles lived with Aspasia after Pericles's death and had a son with her. Aeschines Socraticus is said to have credited Aspasia with all of Lysicles's political success. During the Peloponnesian War Lysicles was one of the "hawks"; he was convinced that the war against Sparta, which could not conceal its envy of Athens' pre-eminence, was inevitable if not to be welcomed. Aristophanes taunts him and calls him a "dealer in sheep".
Lysicles was killed in action in 428 BC. The Athenians sent out twelve ships to levy subsidies from their allies, with Lysicles and four others in command. After cruising to different places and laying them under contribution, Lysicles went up the country across the plain of Meander, in Caria. Being attacked by the Carians, he was slain with many of his soldiers.

</doc>
<doc id="6945136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945136" title="Maréchal des logis">
Maréchal des logis

 is a sub-officer rank used by some units of the French Armed Forces. It is traditionally a cavalry unit rank. There are three distinct ranks of "maréchal des logis", which are generally the equivalents of sergeant ranks (although they generally have less responsibility than a British or Commonwealth sergeant).
The "maréchal des logis" usually commands a section, tank, or gun, and therefore corresponds approximately to the British or Commonwealth rank of corporal, the U.S. Army rank of staff sergeant, or the U.S. Marine Corps rank of sergeant.
The rank of "maréchal des logis" is used by the armoured cavalry, the artillery, the "materiel", the commissary and the transport corps, all of the French Army, and by the ""Gendarmerie Nationale".
The term "logistics" is derived from "maréchal des logis", by Antoine-Henri Jomini.

</doc>
<doc id="6945138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945138" title="Pièces de clavecin en concert (Jean-Philippe Rameau)">
Pièces de clavecin en concert (Jean-Philippe Rameau)



</doc>
<doc id="6945141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945141" title="The Forest Refuge">
The Forest Refuge



</doc>
<doc id="6945156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945156" title="Cleve Baxter">
Cleve Baxter



</doc>
<doc id="6945157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945157" title="John L Hess">
John L Hess



</doc>
<doc id="6945171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945171" title="Sackur Tetrode">
Sackur Tetrode



</doc>
<doc id="6945175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945175" title="Wedding Tackle">
Wedding Tackle



</doc>
<doc id="6945176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945176" title="Chernov's points">
Chernov's points



</doc>
<doc id="6945178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945178" title="Franklin Barlow Sexton">
Franklin Barlow Sexton

Franklin Barlow Sexton (April 29, 1828 – May 15, 1900) was a politician from Texas who served in the Confederate Congress during the American Civil War.
Sexton was born in New Harmony, Indiana, in rural Posey County, the only child of Dr. and Mrs. Samuel Sexton. In 1838, the family moved from Indiana and resettled in San Augustine, Texas. There, his father died when Franklin was 13 years old. Sexton briefly served as an apprentice to a local printer, and then enrolled in the local Methodist academy (Wesleyan College) and studied law. He was granted his license to practice law in 1848 by special legislative action. He established a legal practice in San Augustine and became active in local political circles. In 1852, he married Eliza Richardson, daughter of a prominent Sabine County landowner. The couple had 12 children. Sexton became a member of the Freemason movement, serving in 1856 as Grand Master.
In April 1860, Sexton was elected as president of the Texas State Democratic Convention. He presided over the convention, which passed resolutions regarding states rights and reaffirming the institution of slavery. The following year, with the outbreak of the Civil War and Texas's secession, Sexton briefly joined the Confederate States Army, but resigned after being elected to fill a vacancy in the State Senate. In 1862, he was elected to the First Confederate Congress as a representative from Texas's 4th District and left home in July to travel to Richmond, Virginia, to assume his duties, arriving in mid-August. He worked with the War Department to improve the conditions of the average soldier in the field. Sexton was reelected to a second term in 1863, serving until the fall of the Confederacy in the spring of 1865 and the dissolution of the Congress. He was one of only two Texans to be elected to both terms.
Returning to San Augustine after the war, Sexton resumed his legal practice and involvement with the Masons. In 1870, served as Grand Commander of the Knights Templar of Texas. He moved his family to Marshall, Texas, in 1872 and established a profitable practice there representing the railroad. When the state authorized construction of a new Capitol building in Austin, Sexton was selected to deliver an address at the ceremony for the laying of the cornerstone. He was a delegate to the 1876 Democratic National Convention in St. Louis, where he made an impassioned speech supporting Samuel J. Tilden. After his wife died, Sexton moved in with one of his daughters at El Paso. He was appointed a judge on the state Supreme Court and later served as a United States commissioner.
Sexton died in El Paso and was buried in Marshall, Texas.
In 1923, Sexton's diary recording his first two years in the Confederate Congress was discovered, providing a rare glimpse into the inner workings of that body.

</doc>
<doc id="6945180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945180" title="Holikachuk language">
Holikachuk language

Holikachuk (own name: ) is a recently extinct Athabaskan language formerly spoken at the village of Holikachuk () on the Innoko River in central Alaska. In 1962, residents of Holikachuk relocated to Grayling on the lower Yukon River. Holikachuk is intermediate between the Deg Xinag and Koyukon languages, linguistically closer to Koyukon but socially much closer to Deg Xinag, which has influenced it. Though it was recognized by scholars as a distinct language as early as the 1840s, it was only definitively identified in the 1970s. Of about 180 Holikachuk people, only about 5 spoke the language in 2007. In March 2012, the last living fluent speaker of Holikachuk died in Alaska.
James Kari compiled a short dictionary of Holikachuk in 1978, but Holikachuk remains one of the least documented Alaska Native languages.
Lexicon.
Some Holikachuk words:

</doc>
<doc id="6945187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945187" title="Roman Catholic titular Bishop of Lindisfarne">
Roman Catholic titular Bishop of Lindisfarne



</doc>
<doc id="6945190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945190" title="Ahmed Mohiuddin">
Ahmed Mohiuddin

Ahmed Mohiuddin (Urdu: احمد محی الدین) (8 January 1923 – 4 January 1998) was a noted scientist, scholar and researcher of Pakistan.
Early life and education.
Ahmed Mohiuddin was born in Hyderabad, India, where he received his early education from Hyderabad. He obtained his MSc (Biology) from Osmania University in 1945 with distinction. In 1945 he was awarded a PhD scholarship from government. He did a PhD in Zoology in 1948 from the University of London. He returned to Hyderabad in 1948 and joined Osmania University as an associate professor.
Career.
Mohiuddin migrated to Pakistan in November 1948 and joined the Malaria Institute of Pakistan until 1952. From 1953 to 1960, he served for Karachi University. Later he was transferred to Sindh University, Jamshoro as chairman of the Zoology Department. In 1978, Mohiuddin joined Quaid-e-Azam University as Vice Chancellor and later became Vice Chancellor of Allama Iqbal Open University in Islamabad, Pakistan. From 1986 to 1988, he served East-West University, Chicago.
Mohiuddin was the founder of the Pakistan Zoological Society. He was awarded a fellowship from Pakistan Academy of Sciences and Royal Society of Tropical Medicine.
Mohiuddin was a highly cited biologist and zoologist in Pakistan.
Nationally and internationally, 37 of his books have been published on science and research.
Death and legacy.
Ahmed Mohiuddin died in Atlanta, US on 4 January 1998 at age 74.
In recognition of his services to the field of zoology, Zoological Society of Pakistan created the Ahmed Mohiuddin Memorial Gold Medal for talented students awarded nationally in Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="6945198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945198" title="The Anoai Family">
The Anoai Family



</doc>
<doc id="6945208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945208" title="Les pièces de clavecin en concert">
Les pièces de clavecin en concert



</doc>
<doc id="6945212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945212" title="Meat Cove">
Meat Cove

 
Meat Cove (Scottish Gaelic: "Camas na Feòla") is a rural fishing community at the northern tip of Inverness County on Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Meat Cove is the most northerly settlement in Nova Scotia and is located in the Sydney—Victoria federal electoral district. It's accessed north of Capstick on 8 km of gravel road.
On August 21, 2010, torrential rains washed away parts of the only access road to Meat Cove leaving several unable to get away from the remote community. The bridge repair was completed as of October 21, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="6945213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945213" title="Pièces de clavecin en concert">
Pièces de clavecin en concert



</doc>
<doc id="6945217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945217" title="Manoochehr">
Manoochehr



</doc>
<doc id="6945221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945221" title="Robert M. Douglas (judge)">
Robert M. Douglas (judge)

Robert Martin Douglas (January 28, 1849 – February 8, 1917) was a North Carolina Supreme Court justice and political figure. At the beginning of his career, the young attorney served as private secretary to the Republican governor of North Carolina, and secretary to President Ulysses S. Grant.
Early life and education.
Born on January 28, 1849, at his maternal grandmother's home in Rockingham County, North Carolina, he was the first of two sons of Senator Stephen A. Douglas (Democrat of Illinois) and Martha Martin, originally of North Carolina. Martha died after the birth of her third child, a daughter, in 1853, and the unnamed infant died a few weeks later. Robert was only four. He and his brother Stephen spent considerable time when young with their maternal grandmother and the Martin family in their mother's home state. After his father married Adele Cutts, from a Maryland Catholic family, she had the boys baptized and reared them as Catholic with his permission.
The family split their time between homes in Washington, D.C. and Chicago, Illinois during his father's Senate service. Douglas attended Loyola College in Baltimore, Maryland, and graduated from Georgetown College in Washington, D.C. in 1867. He later earned a Master's degree and a doctoral degree in law from the same institution.
Career.
In the aftermath of the American Civil War, Douglas turned away from the Democratic Party to which his father had belonged. He believed that the party had died during the war. He became a leading Republican and active in Reconstruction era governments. In 1868, Douglas served as private secretary to the Governor of North Carolina. From 1869 to 1873, he was appointed private secretary to President Ulysses S. Grant.
For the next decade, he served as United States Marshal for North Carolina. In 1888 he was appointed to serve as Master in Chancery to the United States Circuit Court. He continued until 1896, when he was elected as associate justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court.
In 1901, Justice Douglas and Chief Justice David M. Furches (also a Republican) were impeached by the Democratic Party-controlled North Carolina House of Representatives "for issuing an allegedly unconstitutional "mandamus" ordering the State Treasurer to pay out money." Neither was removed from office by the necessary two-thirds vote of the North Carolina Senate, although a simple majority of senators favored removal. Douglas served his eight-year term and then retired from the court. A principal contributor to the building of St. Agnes Church in Greensboro, Douglas authored the article on "North Carolina" for the "Catholic Encyclopedia".
Douglas died at his home in Greensboro, North Carolina, on February 8, 1917.
Marriage and family.
On June 23, 1874, Douglas married Jessie Madeline Dick, daughter of the Honorable Robert Paine Dick, a Supreme Court justice of North Carolina. They had four children together:

</doc>
<doc id="6945222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945222" title="Schallanalyse">
Schallanalyse

Schallanalyse (pronounced ), "sound analysis,") was a method of poetic analysis developed by the philologist Eduard Sievers, and described in detail in his book "Ziele und Wege der Schallanalyse" (1924). 
Sievers had previously developed a system of "five types" to describe the rhythmic patterns found in Old English and Old Saxon poetry, which had met with widespread acceptance. He then abandoned the five types in favor of his new model. 
"Schallanalyse", however, proved difficult to understand for other people and had very few adherents, usually people who worked with Sievers personally. Sievers never published a complete account of the method.

</doc>
<doc id="6945229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945229" title="Valerian Trifa">
Valerian Trifa

Valerian Trifa (; secular name Viorel Donise Trifa ; June 28, 1914 – January 28, 1987) was a Romanian Orthodox cleric who served as an archbishop of the Romanian Orthodox Episcopate Of America. He was accused of being a fascist political activist and sympathizer, which led to his voluntary exile.
An early member of the Iron Guard, Trifa played a part in provoking the Legionnaires' Rebellion of 1941. His antisemitic discourse was alleged to have helped instigate the pogrom against the Jewish community in Bucharest. After being accused as a rebel by Ion Antonescu, he spent the final years of World War II detained in Nazi Germany. Trifa eventually made his way to the United States in 1950, where he was ordained as a bishop of the Romanian-American Orthodox community into opposition with the main Orthodox Church in Communist Romania.
In 1975, his wartime activities came to the attention of the United States Department of Justice. Trifa, to avoid drawing negative attention to the episcopate, renounced his American citizenship sometime between 1980 and 1984. He moved to Portugal in 1982 on a temporary visa; he was denied residency in 1984, but remained there until his death in 1987.
Biography.
Early life and activism.
Born in Câmpeni, Transylvania (at the time in Austria-Hungary, now in Alba County, Romania), he was the son of schoolteacher Dionisie Trifa, and the nephew of Iosif Trifa, an Orthodox priest who founded "Oastea Domnului" ("The Lord's Army"). He studied at the school of his native village, then at the Horia Gymnasium of Câmpeni and the Gheorghe Lazăr High School of Sibiu, from which he graduated in 1931. Between 1931 and 1935, he studied theology at the University of Chișinău, graduating "magna cum laude". He then studied philosophy at the University of Bucharest and, in 1939, history and journalism at the University of Berlin. Trifa's first employment was as a publisher with "Oastea Domnului". There, he issued the movement's eponymous magazine, its other journal "Lumina Satelor", and the books by uncle Iosif.
While a student, Trifa joined the Iron Guard and was a contributor to its Orăștie-based "Libertatea" newspaper; in 1940, during the National Legionary State (the period when the Iron Guard was in power), he was elected president of the National Union of Romanian Christian Students, a Legionnaire organization.
Legionnaires' Rebellion and the Bucharest pogrom.
Although hostile to the Guard's new leader, Horia Sima, he became involved in the January 1941 confrontation between Sima's Legionnaires and Ion Antonescu. In early 1941, the conflict for power turned into an Iron Guard-led failed rebellion and a pogrom against the Jewish population in Bucharest where over one hundred Jews and Romanians were massacred.
The event was partly motivated by the killing of a German Reich resident and local Abwehr chief, Major Döring — which was probably accomplished with assistance from the British Intelligence Service. Trifa issued several antisemitic statements which played a part in instigating the riots. These statements included arguments such as "A group of Jews and Jew-lovers are ruling everything". In one of his manifestos, Trifa blamed the Jews for Döring's assassination, while nominating two politicians associated with Antonescu (Eugen Cristescu and the former Undersecretary of the Interior ), whom he accused of protecting Jews. His text, he accused that Döring had been assassinated and accused Armand Călinescu, among others, as protecting and defending the assassin, while also calling for the replacement of all "Jew-turned ["jidovite"] persons inside the government".
Internment and early self-exile.
Following Antonescu's repression of the rebels, Viorel Trifa fled to the Reich, where he was interned in the concentration camps of Sachsenhausen, Buchenwald and Dachau. Romanian authorities tried him "in absentia" and sentenced him to life imprisonment and labor. In early 1943, while in Buchenwald, Trifa was among the prominent Legionnaires who agreed to disavow Sima's policies (the group also included Vasile Iașinschi, Ilie Gârneață, Constantin Popovici, Dumitru Grozea, and Corneliu Georgescu). Allegedly this move was mediated by German officials, in hopes of reconciliating with Antonescu and the Iron Guard. While imprisoned, Trifa was visited by high-ranking Nazi officials who warned them not to engage in any political activity. In a June 2007 article, the Italian weekly "L'Espresso" defined Trifa as "a guest in Germany, protected by the Nazis".
After Trifa was freed, he was briefly secretary to Metropolitan bishop Visarion Puiu in Vienna and then Paris, and, following the end of World War II, he was a professor of ancient history in Italy, at a Roman Catholic college. He moved to the United States on July 17, 1950, under the Displaced Persons Act, and claimed to have been a forced laborer in the camps of Buchenwald and Dachau. His escape was possibly aided by the intervention of a high-ranking prelate. He became a naturalized citizen in 1957.
He was subsequently a writer at the "Solia" Romanian language newspaper in Cleveland, Ohio. At the Congress of the dissident Romanian Orthodox Church in America held in Chicago on July 2, 1951, Trifa was consecrated as a bishop and was moved to Grass Lake, Michigan, where the headquarters of the Romanian Orthodox Episcopate is located. This came after he led his congregation in occupying the residence, thus chasing away representatives of the Orthodox Church in Romania — as the latter was by then subordinated to the Romanian Communist Party.
In 1955, he gave the opening prayer before the United States Senate and he became a member of the governing board of the National Council of Churches. Fifteen years later, he became an archbishop, as his church wanted to affirm its autonomy.
Department of Justice investigation.
Investigation into his past had started as early as 1957, but it wasn't until 1975 that the United States Department of Justice began investigating Trifa under the pretenses that he entered the United States by hiding his involvement with the Iron Guard. American authorities also reported that Trifa had mentioned his internment in Nazi camps, but had not made it clear that he had benefited from preferential treatment. In October 1976, a group of members of the Concerned Jewish Youth organization took over the headquarters of the National Council of Churches building, as a protest against the refusal of the organization to oust Trifa. The archbishop was ousted from the body in November, after the Council stated that, in what concerns Nazi atrocities, "we cannot allow any doubt about a complete repudiation".
When focus shifted to his role in the 1941 Rebellion, Trifa denied his involvement, despite being confronted with evidence (sent by the Romanian government). He nevertheless admitted having lied to American authorities upon entering the United States. Further evidence against Trifa was a postcard addressed to Nazi leader Heinrich Himmler and signed by "Viorel Trifa". Trifa denied ever writing it, but, using imaging techniques, American forensic scientists managed to recover a latent fingerprint identified as belonging to him.
The Office of Special Investigations (OSI) of the U.S. Justice Department was established in 1979 for the purpose of expelling Nazi war criminals that had entered the U.S. OSI prosecuted Trifa with the intention of stripping him of his U.S citizenship and deporting him. The trial began in October 1982. Trifa wanted to avoid being returned to Romania, where he had been convicted "in abstentia" in 1941 and sentenced to life imprisonment. He agreed to settle the case, acknowledging that he had been a member of the Iron Guard and had concealed this information when he entered the U.S. He agreed to leave the U.S. within 60 days after receiving permission to enter another country.
Israeli prosecutor Gideon Hausner pressured for the extradition of Trifa so that Israel could try him for crimes against humanity, but the Israeli government never made any official extradition claim or issued any warrants. An offer for extradition was made in April 1983 by the OSI, but was rejected by the Israeli government. When news of this refusal leaked to the Israeli press, a polemic was sparked between Hausner and Menachem Begin's executive, but the latter chose not to reconsider its earlier decision possibly due to the Israeli courts not having a strong enough case to charge Trifa with war crimes.
At the time, Trifa's early convictions caused another scandal. In May 1979, upon instructions from Noël Bernard, Radio Free Europe's Romanian contributor Liviu Floda interviewed Trifa on his Church's activities. Bernard's initiative was allegedly questioned by Floda and his employers alike. The interview's broadcast caused virulent reactions in the United States, and resulted in a hearing by a subcommittee of the United States House Committee on International Relations.
Renunciation of citizenship and Portuguese refuge.
Sometime between 1980 and 1984, Trifa gave up or was stripped of his American citizenship. In 1982, he left the United States to avoid deportation due to the ongoing investigation. He had earlier agreed to deportation before an immigration judge in Detroit, explaining that the trial was placing a financial strain on his congregation. Nevertheless, his adversaries considered Trifa's action an admission of guilt, in respect to both the technical charge and the accusations of war crimes. Trifa's defense team rejected the claims, stating he had no intention of causing a pogrom, but did not deny Trifa's fascist and antisemitic convictions and speeches, including the 1941 statements. They also argued that Trifa had acted after being forced to choose between the pro-Soviet and the pro-Nazi camps, contending that antisemitism was "rampant at the time."
After spending two years searching for a country to give him refuge, he settled in Estoril, Portugal. In an interview he gave shortly before leaving, Trifa claimed that he had "happened to get put in a moment of history when some people wanted to make a point. The point was to revive the Holocaust. But all this talk by the Jews about the Holocaust is going to backfire." In autumn 1984, the Portuguese authorities declared Trifa an undesirable, and indicated that he had failed to reveal his fascist sympathies when requesting and obtaining a temporary visa. Initially, they allowed the prelate three months to leave the country's territory. Trifa contested the decision with the Supreme Administrative Court. Trifa however died before the appeal could come to a decision during emergency treatment for a heart attack.
Assessment.
Beginning in the late 1980s, Ion Mihai Pacepa, a former general in the communist secret police (the Securitate) who defected to the United States, claimed that Trifa had been the victim of a frameup engineered by his former colleagues. Pacepa linked this to a trip by Romanian bishop Bartolomeu Anania to the United States, of which he claimed was a common attempt of the regime and the main Orthodox Church to quell the dissidence of Romanian-American Orthodox believers. In 2003, Noël Bernard's wife, , noted that her husband was being targeted by the Securitate, and argued that the communist institution attempted to stir up animosity inside Radio Free Europe in order to have Bernard stripped of his position.She also described Bernard's mysterious 1981 death as an assassination, arguing that it formed the culmination of various failed attempts to silence him.
Trifa's involvement in the Iron Guard affected several institutions, including the National Council of Churches, Radio Free Europe, West German law enforcement, and the Israeli and Portuguese governments, while allegations surfaced that Romania's secret police, the Securitate, was using the controversy to advance its own goals. Trifa was cited among the suspected war criminals who may have been actively aided by the Roman Catholic Church in avoiding investigation, suggesting that the frequency of such cases could help explain why Italy had been resisting the ratification needed for opening the International Tracing Service archives managed by the International Committee of the Red Cross in Bad Arolsen.

</doc>
<doc id="6945232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945232" title="Vallarpadam church">
Vallarpadam church



</doc>
<doc id="6945238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945238" title="Hed Arzi Music">
Hed Arzi Music

Hed Arzi Music (, meaning: "Echo of My Country") is an Israeli record label founded in 1946.
History.
The company was founded in Tel Aviv in 1946 as a partnership of Zvi Levin (also known as Hirsch Lewin) with Josef Grossman, Alexander Borowitz and Ephraim Ruttenberg. Mr. Levin was a refugee from Berlin where he has owned and operated a bookshop and recording label "Semer" (from the Hebrew "Zemer", meaning song). The Semer label operated from approximately 1932 until the recording masters and inventory were smashed and burned during Kristallnacht. Hed-Arzi started operating in September 1947, managed by Ephraim Felix Rzeczynski, making it the oldest recording company in Israel (followed by Makolit in Jaffa, Tslil in Tel-Aviv and others).
Originally the company produced 78 rpm gramophone records (including re-issues of Semer recordings), the most popular among which were "Agala Vesoussa" and "Bab El-Wad" by Yaffa Yarkoni as well as "Kalaniot" and "Ani Mitzfat" by Shoshana Damari. In 1951, company started building a plant in Ramat-Gan. In 1955, the first LP was manufactured (6 songs of Shoshana Damari). In 1958, it recorded its first stereo record and was considered "the biggest and most modern record manufacturer in the Near East with steady increasing export activities to nearly 30 countries" or the "leading distributor and manufacturer in Israel". Until 1960, the company has produced over 1250 titles of conventional records, about 700 records 7" in diameter and over 320 LP records; its income was $25,000 a year. In late 1961, the company issued a documentary LP "Echoes of the Eichmann trial".
In 1980, 50% share was sold to Modi’in Publishing House, ltd. (the parent company of the newspaper "Maariv"), since 1993 owned by Israel Land Development Company, ltd.
Since 2008, ownership is held by NMC United (owner of NMC Music).

</doc>
<doc id="6945239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945239" title="Point Grenville">
Point Grenville

Point Grenville is a headland of Washington state. The point was named "Punta de los Mártires" ("Point of the Martyrs") during the 1775 expedition of Bruno de Heceta in response to an attack by the local Quinault Indians.
This site is sacred to the Quinault and was developed to host the 2013 Paddle to Quinault.

</doc>
<doc id="6945240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945240" title="Pieces de clavecin en concert">
Pieces de clavecin en concert



</doc>
<doc id="6945243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945243" title="Pykeija">
Pykeija



</doc>
<doc id="6945244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945244" title="Kapsin Coup">
Kapsin Coup

The Kapsin Coup, also known as the Kapsin Revolution, was a failed three-day coup d'état that occurred in Korea during 1884. Korean reformers in the Enlightenment Party sought to initiate rapid changes within the country, including eliminating social distinctions by abolishing the legal privileges of the yangban class. The coup d'état attempt, with Japanese support, began on December 4, 1884, with seizure of the royal palace Changdeokgung in Seoul and the killing of several members of the pro-Chinese conservative faction. However, the coup was eventually suppressed by a Chinese garrison stationed in the country. Thwarted by the Chinese actions, some of the pro-Japanese faction leaders found exile in Japan. The event led to informal Chinese domination of Korea from 1885 to 1894. Within the Joseon court, Chinese influence grew particularly under the Resident-General Yuan Shikai.
Background.
After the Imo Incident of 1882, early reform efforts in Korea suffered a major setback. The aftermath of the event also brought the Chinese into the country where they began to directly interfere in Korean internal affairs, undertaking several initiatives to gain significant influence over the Korean government. A Korean historian stated that "the Chinese government began to turn its former tributary state into a semi-colony and its policy towards Korea substantially changed to a new imperialistic one where the suzerain state demanded certain privileges in her vassal state".
On October 4, 1882, the Korean government signed a new set of trade regulations with the China–Korea Treaty of 1882 that permitted Chinese merchants to trade in Korea and gave them substantial advantages over the Japanese and Westerners, the regulations also granted the Chinese unilateral extraterritoriality privileges in civil and criminal cases. Although it allowed Koreans reciprocally to trade in Beijing the agreement was not a treaty but was in effect issued as a regulation for a vassal, it also reasserted Korea's dependency on China. In December, two high-level offices, the Oeamun ("Foreign Office") and the Naeamun ("Home Office") were established. The "Oeamun" dealt with foreign affairs and trade while the "Naeamun" was responsible for military matters and internal affairs. At the recommendation of the Chinese two advisors were appointed to the foreign office: the German Paul Georg von Möllendorff who had served in the Chinese Maritime Customs Service and the Chinese diplomat Ma Jianzhong.
A new Korean military formation, the "Chingunyeong" ("Capital Guards Command"), was also created and trained along Chinese lines by Yuan Shikai. The Chinese also supervised the creation of a Korean Maritime Customs Service in 1883 with von Möellendorff as its head. Korea was again reduced to a tributary state of China with King Gojong unable to appoint diplomats without Chinese approval and troops stationed in Seoul in order to protect Chinese interests in the country. China also obtained concessions in Korea, notably the Chinese concession of Incheon.
Emergence of the Enlightenment Party.
A small group of reformers had emerged around the Enlightenment Party and had become frustrated at the limited scale and arbitrary pace of reforms. The members who constituted the Enlightenment Party were youthful, well-educated Koreans and most were from the yangban class. They were impressed by the developments in Meiji Japan and were eager to emulate them. Its members included Kim Okkyun, Pak Yŏnghyo, Hong Yeong-sik, Seo Gwang-beom, and Philip Jaisohn. The group were all relatively young; Pak Yung-hio came from a prestigious lineage related to the royal family, was 23, Hong was 29, Seo Gwang-beom was 25, and Philip Jaisohn was 20, with Kim Okkyun being the oldest, at 33.
All had spent some time in Japan. In 1882, Pak Yung-hio had been part of a mission sent to Japan to apologize for the Imo incident. He had been accompanied by Kim Okkyun, who later come under the influence of Japanese modernizers such as Fukuzawa Yukichi and also by Seo Gwang-beom. Kim Okkyun, while also studying in Japan, had cultivated friendships with influential Japanese figures and was the de facto leader of the group. They were also strongly nationalistic and desired to make their country truly independent by ending Chinese interference in Korea's internal affairs.
Ascendancy of the Min clan and conservatives.
In Korean history, the king's in-laws enjoyed great power, and the regent Daewongun acknowledged that any future sons-in-law might threaten his authority. Therefore, he attempted to prevent any possible threat to his rule by selecting a new queen for his son, an orphaned girl from among the Yeoheung Min clan, a clan which lacked powerful political connections. With Queen Min as his daughter-in-law and the royal consort, the Daewongun felt secure in his power. However, after she had become queen, Min recruited all her relatives and had them appointed to influential positions in the name of the king. The Queen also allied herself with the Daewongun's political enemies, so that by late 1873 she had mobilized enough influence to oust the Daewongun from power. In October 1873, when the Confucian scholar Choe Ik-hyeon submitted a memorial to King Gojong urging him to rule in his own right, Queen Min seized the opportunity to force her father-in-law's retirement as regent. The Daewongun's departure led to Korea's abandonment of its isolationist policy.
Through the ascendancy of Queen to the throne, the Min clan had also been able to use the newly created institutions by the government as bases for political power, and with their growing monopoly of key positions they frustrated the ambitions of the Enlightenment Party. After the Imo incident in 1882, the Min clan pursued a pro-Chinese policy. This was partly a matter of opportunism as the intervention by Chinese troops led to subsequent exile of the rival Daewongun in Tianjin and the expansion of Chinese influence in Korea.
The "Sadaedang" was a group of conservatives, which included not only Min Yeong-ik from the Min family but also prominent political figures such as Kim Yun-sik and Eo Yun-jung that wanted to maintain power with China's help. Although the members of the "Sadaedang" supported the enlightenment policy they favored gradual changes based on the Chinese model. Consequently, the Min clan became advocates of the "dongdo seogi" ("Adopting Western knowledge while keeping Eastern values") philosophy, which had originated from the ideas of moderate Chinese reformers who had emphasized the need to maintain the perceived superior cultural values and heritage of the Sino-centric world while recognizing the importance of acquiring and adopting Western technology, particularly military technology, in order to preserve autonomy. Hence, rather than the major institutional reforms such as the adaptation of new values such as legal equality or introducing modern education like in Meiji Japan, the advocates of this school of thought sought piecemeal adoptions of institutions that would strengthen the state while preserving the basic social, political, and cultural order.
Events of the coup.
The "Gaehwapa" members had failed to secure appointments to vital offices in the government and subsequently were unable to implement their reform plans. As a consequence, they were prepared to seize power by all means necessary. An opportunity presented itself to stage a coup d'état in August 1884. As hostilities between France and China erupted over Annam, half of the Chinese troops were withdrawn from Korea. On December 4, 1884, with the help of the Japanese minister Takezoe Shinichiro, who promised to mobilize Japanese legation guards to provide assistance, the members of the "Gaehwapa" staged their coup under the guise of a banquet hosted by Hong Yeong-sik, director of the General Postal Administration ("Ujeong Chongguk") to celebrate the opening of the new national post office. King Gojong was expected to attend together with several foreign diplomats and high-ranking officials, most of whom were members of the pro-Chinese "Sadaedang" faction. Kim Okkyun and his comrades approached King Gojong, falsely stating that Chinese troops had created a disturbance and escorted him to a small palace, the Gyoengu Palace, where they placed him in the custody of Japanese legation guards. They then proceeded to kill and wound several senior officials of the "Sadaedang" faction.
After the coup, the Enlightenment Party members formed a new government and devised a program of reform. The radical 14-point reform proposal stated that the following conditions be met: an end to Korea's tributary relationship with China; the abolition of ruling-class privilege and the establishment of equal rights for all; the reorganization of the government as virtually a constitutional monarchy; the revision of land tax laws; cancellation of the grain loan system; the unification of all internal fiscal administrations under the jurisdiction of the Ho-jo; the suppression of privileged merchants and the development of free commerce and trade, the creation of a modern police system including police patrols and royal guards; and severe punishment of corrupt officials.
However the new government failed, lasting no longer than a few days, especially as the members of "Gaehwapa" were supported by no more than 140 Japanese troops facing at least 1,500 Chinese garrisoned in Seoul under the command of General Yuan Shikai. Facing this threat to her power, Queen Min secretly requested military intervention from the Chinese. Consequently, even before the reform measures were made public, within three days the coup was suppressed by the Chinese troops who attacked and defeated the Japanese forces and restored power to the pro-Chinese Sadaedang faction. During the ensuing melee Hong Yeong-sik was killed, the Japanese legation building was burned down and forty Japanese soldiers were killed. The surviving Korean coup leaders, including Kim Okkyun, Pak Yŏnghyo, Seo Gwang-beom, and Philip Jaisohn, escaped to the port of Chemulpo under escort of the Japanese minister Takezoe. From there they boarded a Japanese ship for exile in Japan. On 23 October, 9 participants including Kim Okkyun, Philip Jaisohn, Ryu Hyeok-ro, Byeon Su, Lee Kyu-wan, Jeong Nan-gyou, Shin Ung-hui successfully exiled to Japan.
Consequences.
After the abortive coup, King Gojong voided the reform measures proposed by the coup leaders and sent an envoy to Japan protesting its involvement in the coup and demanding repatriation of the conspirators. The Japanese government instead demanded an apology and reparations for damages from the Korean government over the incident. In January 1885, with a show of force, the Japanese dispatched two battalions and seven warships to Korea, which resulted in the Japan–Korea Treaty of 1885 (Treaty of Hanseong), signed on 9 January 1885 by the Korean government with the Japanese envoy, Foreign Minister Inoue Kaoru. The treaty restored diplomatic relations between the two nations, and the Korean government agreed to pay the Japanese ¥100,000 for damages to their legation and provide a site and buildings for a new legation.
Prime minister Ito Hirobumi, in order to overcome Japan's disadvantageous position in Korea followed by the abortive coup, visited China to discuss the matter with his Chinese counterpart, Li Hongzhang. The two parties succeeded in concluding the Convention of Tianjin on May 31, 1885. The two parties also pledged to withdraw their troops from Korea within four months, with prior notification to the other, if troops were to be sent to Korea in the future. After both countries withdrew their forces, they left behind a precarious balance of power on Korean peninsula between those two nations. Meanwhile, Yuan Shikai remained in Seoul appointed as the Chinese Resident and continued to interfere with Korean domestic politics.
The coup significantly disrupted reform efforts that arose from the 1883 Korean special mission to the United States. Some of the mission's members were part of the Gaehwa Party, and were either killed or forced into exile.

</doc>
<doc id="6945258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945258" title="Hed Arzi">
Hed Arzi



</doc>
<doc id="6945278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945278" title="Afa Anoai">
Afa Anoai



</doc>
<doc id="6945281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945281" title="The Prime Minister (film)">
The Prime Minister (film)

The Prime Minister is a 1941 British historical drama film directed by Thorold Dickinson and starring John Gielgud, Diana Wynyard, Fay Compton and Stephen Murray.
It details the life and times of Benjamin Disraeli, who became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. It depicts his long marriage to Mary Disraeli and his relationship with various other public figures of the era including William Gladstone, Lord Melbourne and Queen Victoria. Gielgud would later reprise his role as Disraeli in the ITV television drama "Edward the Seventh" (1975).
The film was shot at Teddington Studios by the British subsidiary of Warner Brothers. The company had previously made a successful biopic of the Prime Minister as "Disraeli" in 1929. The film's sets were designed by the art director Norman G. Arnold.
Plot.
The film is not a remake of the 1929 film Disraeli, which depicted only one incident late in Disraeli's career. Instead, "The Prime Minister" is an episodic biography of Disraeli from his early career as a novelist through his political triumphs as an elder statesman. The film is almost a hagiography, depicting Disraeli as a lifelong social reformer and a Tory democrat dedicated to "England" and to "democracy"; the film ends with a scene that the American Film Institute describes as a crowd cheering Disraeli and Queen Victoria "for saving the country". 
Turner Classic Movies describes the film this way—
The Prime Minister (1941) is the legendary Benjamin Disraeli, played by the legendary John Gielgud in a tour-de-force performance that takes Disraeli from a foppish young novelist, to a neophyte member of Parliament, to prime minister of England and confidante of Queen Victoria. Along the way, "Dizzy" woos and weds his wife Mary Anne, who provides shrewd support for his career. He also battles political opponents, helps the poor and working class, buys the Suez Canal, expands the empire, and foils the imperialist plans of the German-Austrian-Russian political alliance.
Notes.
"The Prime Minister" opened in the United States in February 1942, eleven months after its British premiere. The American version was cut by 15 minutes— among the scenes removed was one featuring Glynis Johns, then beginning her career.
Box office.
According to Warner Bros records the film earned the studio $16,000 domestically and $21,000 foreign.

</doc>
<doc id="6945282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945282" title="Jacinto Joao">
Jacinto Joao



</doc>
<doc id="6945285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945285" title="Jacob Sorensen">
Jacob Sorensen



</doc>
<doc id="6945289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945289" title="Jaime Gavilan Martinez">
Jaime Gavilan Martinez



</doc>
<doc id="6945290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945290" title="Jaime Graca">
Jaime Graca



</doc>
<doc id="6945292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945292" title="Jaime Magalhaes">
Jaime Magalhaes



</doc>
<doc id="6945294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945294" title="Jaime Rodriguez">
Jaime Rodriguez



</doc>
<doc id="6945297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945297" title="Jan Kristian Fjaerestad">
Jan Kristian Fjaerestad



</doc>
<doc id="6945304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945304" title="Afa Anoai, Jr.">
Afa Anoai, Jr.



</doc>
<doc id="6945309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945309" title="Equitable Center">
Equitable Center



</doc>
<doc id="6945310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945310" title="Hey, Johnnie Cope, are Ye Waking Yet?">
Hey, Johnnie Cope, are Ye Waking Yet?



</doc>
<doc id="6945312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945312" title="Death (DC Comics/Vertigo)">
Death (DC Comics/Vertigo)



</doc>
<doc id="6945313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945313" title="Hills End">
Hills End

Hills End is a children's book by Ivan Southall published in 1962 and later adapted for television.
Plot summary.
The story follows seven children and their teacher who are trapped inside a cave while a fierce cyclonic storm destroys the fictional town of Hills End. They face a struggle to survive as well as having to deal with their loss. A mystery also surrounds ancient aboriginal art found in the cave.
Literary significance and reception.
Southall had lost his family farm shortly before the publication of "Hills End", but its success established him as a writer both in Australia and internationally.
John Rowe Thompson wrote of the book ""Hills End" is almost a perfect novel of its kind... The rapid character development and self-discovery of the children under stress are notable."
"Hills End" is regarded as a classic of Australian children's literature. The book is studied in Australia in the early years of high school both as a work of literature and to aid discussion on the impact of natural disasters.
Television adaptation.
The mini-series "Hills End" starred Madge Ryan as Miss Godwin, John Noble as Ben Fiddler, Peter Gwynne as Frank Tobias, Maree D'Arcy, Katharine Cullen as Frances McLeod, Clayton Williamson as Adrian Fiddler, Jason Degiorgio as Paul Mace, Emma Fowler as Gussie Mace, Haydon Samuels as Harvey Collins, Caitlin Procter as Maisie Johnson and Keith Eisenhuth as 'Butch' Buchanan. It originally aired on ABC Television in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="6945314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945314" title="Goniąc za cieniem">
Goniąc za cieniem



</doc>
<doc id="6945315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945315" title="Here we go">
Here we go



</doc>
<doc id="6945324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945324" title="Going To Pasalacqua">
Going To Pasalacqua



</doc>
<doc id="6945327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945327" title="Reet Petite">
Reet Petite

"Reet Petite (The Sweetest Girl in Town)" (originally subtitled "The Finest Girl You Ever Want to Meet") is a song written by Berry Gordy, Billy Davis, and Gwen Gordy Fuqua, and made popular by Jackie Wilson in his 1957 recording for the Brunswick label. It was his first solo hit after leaving the Dominoes and, over the years, has become one of his biggest international chart successes. It was the UK Christmas number one in 1986, almost three years after Wilson's death.
History.
The song was written by Berry Gordy, Gwen Gordy Fuqua, and Wilson's cousin Roquel "Billy" Davis (though credited under his pseudonym Tyran Carlo on the record) and produced by Dick Jacobs, and its title was taken from the 1948 Louis Jordan song "Reet, Petite and Gone". (In jazz lingo, the term "reet" meant "fantastic".) It was Jackie Wilson's first recording as a solo artist. The song peaked at number 62 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in September 1957 and reached number 6 on the UK Singles Chart. With the success of the song, Gordy was able to fund the launch of Motown Records.
The song was reissued in 1986 following the showing of a clay animation video of Wilson singing the song on the BBC Two documentary series "Arena". The video was directed by Giblets, a London-based animation studio. The reissued version proved so popular that in December 1986, almost three years after Wilson's death, the song became a number 1 in the UK for four weeks (selling over 700,000 copies) becoming that year's UK Christmas number one, 29 years after its chart debut.

</doc>
<doc id="6945331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945331" title="X-Men The End">
X-Men The End



</doc>
<doc id="6945335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945335" title="Rodney Anoai">
Rodney Anoai



</doc>
<doc id="6945337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945337" title="Jan Derek Sorensen">
Jan Derek Sorensen



</doc>
<doc id="6945338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945338" title="Jan Jonsson">
Jan Jonsson

Jan Jonsson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6945344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945344" title="John Hess">
John Hess

John Hess may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6945346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945346" title="Pièces de Clavecin en Concert">
Pièces de Clavecin en Concert



</doc>
<doc id="6945350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945350" title="Raven Darkholme">
Raven Darkholme



</doc>
<doc id="6945353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945353" title="Siege of Sanjo Palace">
Siege of Sanjo Palace



</doc>
<doc id="6945354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945354" title="Angela Brodtka">
Angela Brodtka

Angela Brodtka (married "Hennig", born 15 January 1981 in Guben) is a former German professional cyclist. She is part of the 2006 AA-Drink Cycling Team. She competed in the women's individual road race at the 2004 Summer Olympics. Since 2010 she is riding for Noris Cycling.

</doc>
<doc id="6945362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945362" title="Hurry up this way again">
Hurry up this way again



</doc>
<doc id="6945367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945367" title="Hot As Sun">
Hot As Sun



</doc>
<doc id="6945368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945368" title="DX Studio">
DX Studio

DX Studio is a complete integrated development tool for the creation of 3D video games, simulations or real-time interactive applications for either standalone, web based, Microsoft Office or Visual Studio use.
Development.
"DX Studio" is produced by Worldweaver Ltd, a company that was established in 1996 by Chris Sterling to develop PC games and high-end business GIS applications. Development of "DX Studio" began in 2002 and the first version was released to market in 2005. Since then the user base of DX Studio has grown to around 30,000 worldwide.
Features.
The system includes both 2D and 3D layout editors, and allows JavaScript control of scenes, objects and media in real-time. Documents can also be controlled from outside of the player using the ActiveX/COM interface or a TCP/IP port. The engine behind DX Studio uses DirectX 9.0c, and includes support for the latest pixel and vertex shader effects found on the more powerful 3D graphics cards.
The DX Studio 2D and 3D editors can be used to build interactive layers and sequences, which are combined to produce a complete interactive document. The top level editor can be used just to drag and drop scenes together at a high level, or can 'drill down' to edit 3D and 2D scenes. Inside each scene, users can drill down further to edit the individual textures, backgrounds and sounds.
Using ActiveX technology users can build their own C++, C# or VB.Net applications and drop the DX Studio Player in as a component. A complete interactive document can be compiled into a single redistributable EXE. This can then be pressed to CD, emailed, placed on a website or in another archive. The EXE also performs system checks and will download and install any DirectX upgrades that may be necessary.
The files produced by DX Studio use standard XML to describe the entire scenes. The files also contain all the resources needed to display the 3D world, compressed into the same file using standard ZIP compatible algorithms. A security option allows this data to be encrypted if necessary.
Built-in special effects include full lens flares, water ripples, particle systems, real-time shadows, 3D video projection (in MPEG or AVI format), 3D positioned sound, and post-production effects (such as 'sepia', 'bloom' and 'corona').
For advanced users a plug-in SDK is available which, with some DirectX/C++ or HLSL knowledge, users can code their effects.
Licensing.
DX Studio is available in both standard and professional editions. A distinction in licensing between commercial and non-commercial users is also made. Full source code to the player is also available under a Corporate License.
dx studio seitan 3dx
Critical reception.
The "DX Studio" series overall has been critically well received, particularly for its development environment. Version 2.1 was recommended by PC Advisor for users wanting good results on a budget, highlighting the workspace and available technical support. Version 3.0 was rated 4 out of 5 by Digital Arts, who praised the high-quality effects, interactive real-time 3D previews, video streaming, online library, and the budget price suitable for students. Criticisms included web content deployment, which requires a plug-in; lack of Macintosh support; reliance on imported 3D models; some interface issues and operational quirks. Computer Active! also awarded 4 out of 5, pointing out the inexpensive price, ease of use and good support, but criticising some performance problems with legacy files.

</doc>
<doc id="6945371" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945371" title="Paul Grawitz">
Paul Grawitz

Paul Albert Grawitz (born 1 October 1850 in Zerrin/Sierzno, Kreis Bütow ("cf.Bütow/Bytów"), Pommern (now Poland) – 27 June 1932 in Greifswald) was a German pathologist. He was an older brother to hematologist Ernst Grawitz (1860-1911), and father-in-law to pathologist Otto Busse (1867-1922).
While he studied medicine at the University of Berlin, he was an assistant to pathologist Rudolf Virchow (1821-1902). After graduation, he continued as an assistant to Virchow until 1886. From 1886 to 1921, he taught as a professor at the University of Greifswald, where he also served as director of the pathological institute.
He is known for his pioneer work with tissue cultures, and his experimentation in the field of bacteriology. "Grawitz' tumour", also known as renal cell carcinoma, is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="6945377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945377" title="Honky tonk train blues">
Honky tonk train blues



</doc>
<doc id="6945380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945380" title="Paul Albert Grawitz">
Paul Albert Grawitz



</doc>
<doc id="6945388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945388" title="Upper Rhine (department)">
Upper Rhine (department)



</doc>
<doc id="6945391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945391" title="Sika Anoai">
Sika Anoai



</doc>
<doc id="6945395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945395" title="Lower Rhine (department)">
Lower Rhine (department)



</doc>
<doc id="6945397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945397" title="Mr. Darcy's Daughters">
Mr. Darcy's Daughters

Mr. Darcy's Daughters is a 2003 novel by the English author Elizabeth Aston, published by Simon &amp; Schuster in the United States. Set in 1818, "Mr. Darcy's Daughters" is written as a sequel to Jane Austen's 1813 novel "Pride and Prejudice". It features the five daughters of Fitzwilliam Darcy and Elizabeth Bennet – aged 21 to 16 – as they navigate London society in the absence of their parents, who have embarked on a diplomatic post to Constantinople. In London, the sisters meet new friends and find themselves in various romantic entanglements, all while learning what is acceptable behaviour among the city's elite.
Plot summary.
Set in 1818, the story is a sequel to the events seen in Jane Austen's novel "Pride and Prejudice". Fitzwilliam Darcy embarks for Constantinople to begin a diplomatic post, accompanied by his wife Elizabeth Bennet. In their absence, the couple's five wealthy daughters stay in London with their cousin, Mr Fitzwilliam. Aged 21 to 16, the sisters are prim and proper Letitia, witty Camilla, frivolous twins Georgina and Isabelle, and musical prodigy Alethea. Two younger brothers remain behind at the Darcy estate, Pemberley.
Letitia is dismayed to learn that her former fiancé, a man she thought dead for three years, is alive and married but apparently with no memory. Her emotional reaction, highly unfashionable, attracts unwanted gossip among London's elite. Meanwhile, Camilla befriends Sir Sidney Leigh and believes herself in love. Perceiving that he is not attracted to her, Camilla is shocked when he asks Fitzwilliam for her hand in marriage. However, she breaks off the engagement when a friend warns her that Leigh is a homosexual. Leigh flees the country for Italy due to laws banning sodomy, while negative rumours spread about Camilla's too obvious attachment to the man.
Camilla meets Mr Wytton, the fiancé of her rich cousin Sophie Gardiner. Wittily sarcastic, he enjoys archaeology and travelling to the continent, interests Sophie cares little for. Camilla finds him intelligent but saturnine, and intolerant of clever women. Over time it becomes clear that he and Sophie are ill-matched, as she prefer frivolous subjects like fashion.
Alethea begins learning from an Italian maestro, to the dismay of Letitia who believes her sister is going too far with her musical interests. Later, Camilla catches Alethea among musicians at a ball, dressed as a boy and playing the flute. With the help of Wytton, they are able to avoid scandal by quietly sending Alethea home in a carriage.
Caroline Bingley, now known as Lady Warren, spreads the malevolent rumour that Camilla desires to marry Wytton herself. Soon after, Georgina elopes to France with Sir Joshua Mordaunt, causing Camilla and Mr Gardiner to follow in the hopes of bringing Georgina home before scandal arises. They are surprised to encounter Wytton, who helps them find the eloping couple, now married. Camilla and Gardiner return home, only to discover that Isabelle has also eloped. Sophie angrily assumes that Isabelle is going to marry a Captain Allington, revealing that she is in love with Allington. Sophie releases Wytton from the engagement, leaving him free to marry Camilla whom he has gradually come to love throughout the story.
Development.
The release of the popular TV serial "Pride and Prejudice" (1995) led to a resurgence in interest for Jane Austen's works. Many writers were inspired by Austen, leading to a variety of novelizations and other adaptations being produced. Elizabeth Aston became one of the most prolific authors of Austen-related fiction. She had studied the author at St Hilda's College, Oxford under Lord David Cecil, a biographer of Austen. Aston felt that Austen's novels were "as fresh today as when they were written," and compared the novelist's genius with Mozart for "speak[ing] to the soul while it enchants and delights." When crafting her story, Aston opted not to prominently feature Austen characters such as Mr Darcy. Her stories instead feature newly invented characters related to those seen in Austen's works, such as members of the Darcy, Bingley, and Collins families.
Reception.
"Mr. Darcy's Daughters" was published in 2003 by Simon &amp; Schuster. Its success encouraged the publisher to release other novels adapted from Austen's stories, including Pamela Aidan's "Fitzwilliam Darcy, Gentleman" series. A Dutch translation was released in 2003, followed by a Czech edition in 2009. It was followed by "The Exploits &amp; Adventures of Miss Alethea Darcy", released in 2004.
In a review of the novel, "Publishers Weekly" opines that it "reads more like a beach book for historical fiction fans than a literary homage to Austen's masterpiece," and feels the daughters were predictably written. The reviewer also critiques Aston for having little success at imitating Austen's style, believing the novel's prose to be "stilted and anachronistic". Paige Wiser, writing for the "Chicago Sun-Times", notes that Aston pens her story in Austen's style, with a respectable result of "great characters, great comic moments, great romance". In 2013, Aja Romano of "The Daily Dot" listed it among the best Austen adaptations. It has been classified as fan fiction by several commentators.
References.
Works cited

</doc>
<doc id="6945403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945403" title="Caribou Mountains (Alberta)">
Caribou Mountains (Alberta)

The Caribou Mountains are a mountain range in Northern Alberta, Canada, surrounding a saucer-shaped elevated plateau that rises above the surrounding lowlands. The Caribou Mountains reach an elevation of up to , making them the highest in northern Alberta. They rise north of the lower Peace River and are bounded to the north and east by Wood Buffalo National Park. The area was unglaciated during the last glacial period. The Caribou Mountains were affected by the 2024 Semo Lake Complex fire, which burned large portions of the plateau.
Because of their unique environment, the Caribou Mountains Wildland Park () was created in 2001 as part of the Special Places program. The largest provincial wildland park in the province, its fragile ecosystem contains sensitive wetlands, permafrost habitat and rich bird breeding habitat. "A population of up to 120 wood bison, an endangered species, lives in the Wentzel Lake area in small groups of up to 15 animals."
Geography.
The region is an upland region surrounded by lowlands, but both are forested and are considered part of the Boreal Plains Ecozone by the Commission for Environmental Cooperation and the Mid-Continental Canadian forests by the World Wildlife Fund.
Ecology.
Due to it being unchanged by the glaciers, the mountains have similar habitat to the arctic tundra further north, leading to it hosting a unique array of species not found in other parts of Alberta. The Caribou Mountains is the only location in Alberta where red-necked phalarope, grey-cheeked thrush, American tree sparrow, red-throated loon, and common redpoll breed. 
Boreal woodland caribou.
"The Park contains relatively undisturbed and lichen-rich forests, favoured habitat for woodland caribou. About 80 percent of the range of an important population of woodland caribou is contained within the Park, and about a third of Alberta's population of this threatened species is dependent on the Park."

</doc>
<doc id="6945407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945407" title="Kodiak (TV series)">
Kodiak (TV series)

Kodiak is a half-hour adventure program that aired Friday evenings at 8:00 p.m Eastern time on ABC during the 1974-1975 television season. The show filled the time spot left vacant by ABC's cancellation of "The Brady Bunch".
The show revolved around the main character of Cal "Kodiak" McKay (Clint Walker), an Alaska State Trooper. Kodiak, always accompanied by his Eskimo sidekick Abraham Lincoln Imhook (Abner Biberman), used his four-wheel drive truck to track down desperate killers through 50,000 miles of Alaska backcountry.
The show received unfavorable reviews from critics like The New York Times John J. O'Connor who called it a "disaster" and wrote:
"This disaster, starring Clint Walker, is filmed in Alaska, where Kodiak is a member of the State Patrol. The opening espisode has something to do with the theft of ”an 80 grand payroll.” There is much howling wind and spraying snow. Mr. Walker's frozen method of acting effectively complements the setting. The result is about as interesting as watching a large block of polluted ice."
It suffered low ratings due to being scheduled opposite NBC's mega-hit "Sanford and Son". "Kodiak" was cancelled after the first episode, although a total of six episodes were aired. The show was filmed in Bend, Oregon, using the Old Skyliners Ski Lodge as the primary meeting place.
Maggie Blye had the role of police radio dispatcher Mandy.
The program was created by Stan Shpetner and Anthony Lawrence; Shpetner was the producer.

</doc>
<doc id="6945416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945416" title="Juan Luis Mora (footballer, born 1973)">
Juan Luis Mora (footballer, born 1973)

Juan Luis Mora Palacios (born 12 July 1973) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
He appeared in 238 La Liga games over 13 seasons (17 overall as a professional), mostly with Oviedo.
Club career.
Born in Aranjuez, Community of Madrid, Mora made his professional debut with Real Oviedo during 1993–94, and was the undisputed first-choice the following three seasons. He signed for RCD Espanyol in 1999, then spent 2002–03 and the following campaign in Segunda División, with Xerez CD and Levante UD respectively.
Mora played all 38 league matches in 2004–05's top flight with Levante, as his team was relegated in the last matchday. He subsequently joined Valencia CF on a three-year deal, being third choice behind Santiago Cañizares and Ludovic Butelle first and Cañizares and Timo Hildebrand afterwards (Cañizares was axed from the squad in December 2007, but reinstated in April following Ronald Koeman's firing), appearing in only three La Liga games during his spell; he left the Mestalla Stadium after his contract expired, at the end of the 2007–08 season.
On 15 August 2008, 35-year-old Mora returned to Levante, recently relegated to the second level. He served as backup in his debut campaign, and took part in no competitive matches in the second as the Valencian Community side returned to the top tier after a two-year absence; he retired shortly after, remaining with the club in directorial capacities.
International career.
Mora appeared for the Spanish under-21s in the 1996 UEFA European Championship, and played Olympic football the same year.
Honours.
Espanyol
Levante
Valencia
Spain U21

</doc>
<doc id="6945417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945417" title="Grawitz">
Grawitz

Grawitz is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6945419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945419" title="Blondel's theorem">
Blondel's theorem

Blondel's theorem, named after its discoverer, French electrical engineer André Blondel, is the result of his attempt to simplify both the measurement of electrical energy and the validation of such measurements. 
The result is a simple rule that specifies the minimum number of watt-hour meters required to measure the consumption of energy in any system of electrical conductors.
The theorem states that 
the power provided to a system of N conductors is equal to the algebraic sum of the power measured by N watt-meters. The N watt-meters are separately connected such that each one measures the current level in one of the N conductors and the potential level between that conductor and a common point. In a further simplification, if that common point is located on one of the conductors, that conductor's meter can be removed and only N-1 meters are required. An electrical energy meter is a watt-meter whose measurements are integrated over time, thus the theorem applies to watt-hour meters as well. Blondel wrote a paper on his results that was delivered to the International Electric Congress held in Chicago in 1893. Although he was not present at the Congress, his paper is included in the published Proceedings.
Instead of using N-1 separate meters, the meters are combined into a single housing for commercial purposes such as measuring energy delivered to homes and businesses. Each pairing of a current measuring unit plus a potential measuring unit is then termed a stator or element. Thus, for example, a meter for a four wire service will include three elements. Blondel's Theorem simplifies the work of an electrical utility worker by specifying that an N wire service will be correctly measured by a N-1 element meter. Unfortunately, confusion arises for such workers due to the existence of meters that don't contain tidy pairings of single potential measuring units with single current measuring units. For example, a meter was previously used for four wire services containing two potential coils and three current coils and called a 2.5 element meter.
Blondel Noncompliance.
Electric energy meters that meet the requirement of N-1 elements for an N wire service are often said to be "Blondel Compliant". This label identifies the meter as one that will measure correctly under all conditions when correctly installed. However, a meter doesn't have to be Blondel compliant in order to provide suitably accurate measurements and industry practice often includes the use of such non compliant meters. The form 2S meter is extensively used in the metering of residential three wire services, despite being non compliant in such services. This common residential service consists of two 120 volt wires and one neutral wire. A Blondel compliant meter for such a service would need two elements (and a five jaw socket to accept such a meter), but the 2S meter is a single element meter. The 2S meter includes one potential measuring device (a coil or a voltmeter) and two current measuring devices. The current measuring devices provide a measurement equal to one half of the actual current value. The combination of a single potential coil and two so called half coils provides highly accurate metering under most conditions. The meter has been used since the early days of the electrical industry. The advantages were the lower cost of a single potential coil and the avoidance of interference between two elements driving a single disc in an induction meter. For line to line loads, the meter is Blondel compliant. Such loads are two wire loads and a single element meter suffices. The non compliance of the meter occurs in measuring line to neutral loads. The meter design approximates a two element measurement by combining a half current value with the potential value of the line to line connection. The line to line potential is exactly twice the line to neutral connection if the two line to neutral connections are exactly balanced. Twice the potential times half the current then approximates the actual power value with equality under balanced potential. In the case of line to line loads, two times the half current value times the potential value equals the actual power. Error is introduced if the two line to neutral potentials are not balanced and if the line to neutral loads are not equally distributed. That error is given by 0.5(V1-V2)(I1-I2) where V1 and I1 are the potential and current connected between one line and neutral and V2 and I2 are those connected between the other line and neutral. Since the industry typically maintains five percent accuracy in potential, the error will be acceptably low if the loads aren't heavily unbalanced.
This same meter has been modified or installed in modified sockets and used for two wire, 120 volt services (relabeled as 2W on the meter face). The modification places the two half coils in series such that a full coil is created. In such installations, the single element meter is Blondel compliant. There is also a three wire 240/480 volt version that is not Blondel compliant. Also in use are three phase meters that are not Blondel compliant, such as forms 14S and 15S, but they can be easily replaced by modern meters and can be considered obsolete.

</doc>
<doc id="6945425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945425" title="Georgia Bronzini">
Georgia Bronzini



</doc>
<doc id="6945427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945427" title="Samula Anoai">
Samula Anoai



</doc>
<doc id="6945430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945430" title="Cabel Sasser">
Cabel Sasser



</doc>
<doc id="6945431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945431" title="Ernst Grawitz">
Ernst Grawitz

Ernst Grawitz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6945438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945438" title="Malaysian Marine and Heavy Engineering">
Malaysian Marine and Heavy Engineering



</doc>
<doc id="6945441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945441" title="787 Seventh Avenue">
787 Seventh Avenue



</doc>
<doc id="6945447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945447" title="Reno Anoai">
Reno Anoai



</doc>
<doc id="6945451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945451" title="Moorlands Radio">
Moorlands Radio

Moorlands Radio is a community radio station based in Leek in the Staffordshire Moorlands, England. It was granted the full-time licence in the second round of community radio licensing by broadcast regulator Ofcom in February 2008. The station serves the rural Staffordshire Moorlands, covering the main towns of Leek and Biddulph.
It is funded through a combination of grant funding from local authorities and charities and revenue from the sale of advertising to local businesses. All presenters and staff at the station are volunteers.
History.
The Moorlands Radio project was founded by a group of local enthusiasts in 2003, led by established presenter Tony Mullins. From 2003 to 2006, the station undertook three Restricted Service Licence broadcasts of 28 days each in duration.
The full-time station was launched by founder Tony Mullins at 10:03am on Saturday 7 November 2009 and is currently on its third five-year community radio licence from Ofcom.
On 16 April 2016, Moorlands Radio moved into new studio facilities at Leek Community Fire Station. The last show from their old studios was presented by station founders Tony Mullins and Mervyn Gamage. The transmission from the Stockwell Villas studio ended at 10am, at which time broadcasts switched over to a feed from the new studios. In March 2020, Moorlands Radio returned to their previous Stockwell Villas premises. 
On 31 August 2020, the station began operating a second online stream of programming, "Moorlands Gold", targeting an older audience with an oldies music format. 
In December 2020, due to the financial constraints imposed by the COVID-19 pandemic, Moorlands Radio announced that it would no longer pay show fees to its daytime presenters and would become a fully volunteer-led organisation. 
In August 2021, a new company "Moorlands DAB Ltd" was established as a joint venture between Moorlands Radio and a team of local broadcasting and business people and the station announced its intention to apply for a local small-scale DAB multiplex licence to broadcast to the Congleton and Leek, Staffordshire areas on DAB digital radio.
Programming.
Daytime programming is generally aimed at a mainstream audience and features popular music from the 1960s to today with local news, interviews with local personalities and interactive features.
The daytime schedule features local news every hour on the half hour with national news from Sky News Radio on the hour. Breakfast and Drivetime both feature regular traffic and travel updates.
Evening programmes are specialist in nature, and include shows focusing on classical music, folk music, local Staffordshire bands, rock music and dance music. 
Notable presenters.
From the station's launch in 2009 until a few months before his death from cancer in early 2011, a daily programme was presented by Sam Plank.
From the station's launch as an RSL station in 2003 and its full-time service from 2009, ex-Radio Caroline and commercial radio presenter Steve England helped set up the station, presented various shows, and produced all of the station's IDs and jingles.
Transmission.
Moorlands Radio transmits with an ERP of 50 watts on 103.7 MHz from a transmitter site in the village of Biddulph Moor. Its broadcast footprint extends to the target areas of Leek and Biddulph and its signal also reaches the town of Congleton in neighbouring Cheshire.
In 2021, an additional transmitter was established at the station's premises in Leek, using an ERP of 25 watts on 97.3 MHz. This improves signal coverage in the Leek town centre area.

</doc>
<doc id="6945453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945453" title="Joe Coburn">
Joe Coburn

Joe Coburn (July 29, 1835, in Middletown, County Armagh, Ireland – December 6, 1890, in New York City, New York) was an Irish-American boxer. In 1862 he claimed the Heavyweight Championship from John Carmel Heenan when Heenan refused to fight him.
Early life and career, 1835–38.
Coburn was born on July 29, 1835, in Middletown, County Armagh, Ireland to Irish native parents Michael and Mary Trainor. Coburn's family emigrated to America during the Great Irish famine in 1850, when he was around fifteen years of age. His father Michael was a master of manual trade, and Joe grew up to be a bricklayer in New York's Sixteenth Ward. By the age of 21, he was active in the 16th's Volunteer Fire Department, and one of his earliest Brooklyn fights, which he won in four rounds, was arranged by his co-workers. In time, Coburn acquired and operated his own tavern, known as "The White House" in lower Manhattan. As a young boxer, as well as in his prime, Coburn was known for quickness, but not great physical strength.
Around 1856, after Coburn traveled to Boston to meet Ned Price, an English criminal lawyer, the pair met at Spot Pond. After 100 rounds and three and a half hours of desperate combat, no winner was determined as the referee had called a draw due to darkness. The brutal match took both men months to recover. They began their recovery with two weeks confined to their rooms, barely able to rise from bed. Coburn then defeated Patsy Flynn on August 7, 1857, in New York, in an indoor room, in four rounds."Mystery surrounds granite marker on island in the middle of Stoneham pond." *The Boston Globe*, 20 June 2016, https://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2016/06/20/mystery-surrounds-granite-marker-island-middle-stoneham-pond/MnNVBjq3ubY6d0RyVjCP4I/story.html.
Coburn defeated Harry Gribbin, for a $1,000 a side, in twenty-one rounds on November 19, 1857, in Bertie County Canada, and then defeated Western boxer Ben Winkles for another $1,000 stake in only eighteen minutes. The following month, Coburn completed an exhibition with John C. Heenan in New York.
London Prize Ring rules.
Under the English Broughton rules, if a boxer went down and could not continue after 30 seconds, the fight ended. Hitting a downed fighter and grasping or hitting below the waist were prohibited. Broughton invented and encouraged the use of "mufflers", a form of padded gloves, which were used in training and exhibitions, but rarely in prize fights. The advent of the Broughton rules around 1743 did allow fighters an advantage not enjoyed by modern boxers; a boxer could drop to one knee to start a 30-second count at any point in the match, but overuse of this privilege was frowned upon and sometimes disallowed by the judges.
By 1866, when Coburn began boxing in earnest, the Broughton Rules had evolved into the slightly more civilized London Prize Ring Rules promulgated in 1843. Fine scientific boxing with a calculated defense involving feints with the arms and forward foot were rarely a feature of bare-knuckle boxing in the 1860s, nor necessary with the undisciplined nature of London Prize Ring Rules. The rules did not permit head butting, holding the ropes, strangling, using resin, or stones or hard objects in the hands, and biting. Other than gouging, hitting a man when he was down, kicking, or hitting or grabbing below the waist, most moves were permitted, including throwing a man down or holding him to inflict blows.
American heavyweight champion, 1862–63.
Coburn first claimed the heavyweight championship in 1862 when John C. Heenan, the "Benicia Boy", failed to meet him in a fight. Heenan had first attempted the championship unsuccessfully in 1858 against John Morrissey, and had also unsuccessfully attempted the championship of England against Tom King in Wadhurst, England on December 10, 1863. Coburn would only have two American heavyweight championship fights in his career that were not cancelled or ended by police. In the first, on May 5, 1863, using London Prize Ring Rules and bare knuckles, Coburn defended the American title against Mike McCoole, winning a lengthy one hour and eight minute battle requiring 67 rounds in Charlestown, Maryland. The stakes ended at $2500 a side. Coburn had recently completed a prison term for a violent offense. McCoole had as much as a 20 pound weight advantage, but Coburn was the favorite in the early betting. Coburn appeared to have the edge from the start. He was thrown heavily to the ground several times, but in nearly every round "delivered his blows fairly and with tremendous effect against the face of his antagonist without his ever having received a blow in his face". In the 63rd round of the brutal affair, Coburn appeared visibly exhausted. By the 67th, McCoole, who appeared "lifeless", was taken away in a wagon. He had had his bruises and cuts first attended to by ringside attendants. The fight was illegal in Maryland, and authorities noted that an attempt to make arrests at the fight itself would have caused violence against the inhabitants of Charlestown. Nonetheless, when they tried to meet the following year near Indianapolis, they were both arrested and served forty days in Jail.
In late 1865, Coburn challenged Tom King, the reigning English heavyweight, considered by most to be a world champion, but King said he was retiring from pugilism and declined. King would precede Coburn as the world heavyweight champion.
Around 1865, According to the "Irish Post", Coburn defeated world and American champions Joe Goss and Tom Allen, as well as Bill Rayel in Great Britain, in a build up for a future fight with American Jem Mace. He fought at around 190 pounds during his British tour, certainly a heavyweight, and a good bit heavier than he fought in his earlier boxing career.
Loss of championship, 1865.
In 1865, Coburn refused an offer to fight Jimmy Elliott for the Heavyweight championship of America, and instead chose to retire. His championship title was officially vacated the following year, but he soon chose to return to the ring.
Last Championship attempt, 1871.
Coburn came out of retirement in 1871 against Jem Mace to again fight for the heavyweight championship. Many boxing historians now consider the fight was for the world, not just the American championship. The first scheduled title fight between the two, in 1864, did not go ahead as Mace failed to show. Coburn was furious that Mace had prevented him from participating in the lucrative match, which would have drawn a large crowd. In the second fight on November 30, 1871, in Bay St. Louis, Louisiana, Mace injured his hand in the fifth. The fighters agreed to call it a draw after the 12th round, due to Mace's infirmity, though the torrential ran was likely the real cause of the abbreviated match that had required the boxers to fight up to their knees in mud.
Arrest for assault, 1877.
Coburn was no stranger to struggles with the law, as many of his prize fights were illegal in the states he fought them. On March 6, 1877, he received ten years in prison for assault with intent to kill policeman William Tobias the previous month in New York City. Sentenced to Auburn Prison, he was released on December 7, 1882, after serving six years of his sentence. Many of his fights were stopped by police prior to completion or were moved to escape arrest.
Sullivan exhibitions, 1882.
After his release from jail, Coburn fought seven successful exhibition bouts with the highly popular champion John L. Sullivan from December 1882 through March 1883, as well as three with Herbert Slade in April. Coburn's exhibition with Sullivan on January 20, 1883, was a lucrative arrangement which played to a full house at Buffalo's St. James Hall, and featured other pugilists as well. The two drew large crowds again on January 30, 1883, when they performed at Coburn's hometown of Troy, New York. Sullivan, once against did most of the heavy slugging. With boxing growing in acceptance, partly due to the popularity of Sullivan, the authorities made no efforts to stop the two pugilists during the exhibition. The pair put on a thoroughly scientific display without much heavy slugging on March 13, 1883, before a crowd of 4,000 at New York's prestigious Madison Square Garden. During the three rounds, Coburn fought on the evening of March 19 in Boston, Sullivan took the lead throughout, landing a few solid blows on Coburn, who was on the defensive throughout the bout. In the successful exhibition which raised over $10,000, Coburn was greeted with a warm cheer by the exceptional crowd of 15,000 as he took the stage, while another 4,000 waited outside unable to gain admittance. During their exhibition on April 19, 1883, Coburn appeared somewhat more gifted than the taller Australian Slade at the Griswold Opera House in Coburn's hometown of Troy, New York. It was the opinion of many that Herbert Slade was the better boxer in his exhibition with Coburn on April 23, 1883, in New York. Slade handled his fists well, but it was not sufficient to stop Coburn's blows. On the other hand, Slade's speed allowed him to get in a number of good whacks on Coburn. Coburn appeared to reel as if he might go down on a few occasions from Slade's blows, but some of the exhibition may have been slightly staged, as it seems unlikely Coburn was in any real danger. His time in prison had certainly effected his speed and strength somewhat. Slade looked best with his left, but was less well suited on his defense, though overall few present felt he was ready for the best in his division.
On May 17, 1885, Coburn was arrested on the complaint of Charles Carter that he had robbed him of $950 at Coburn's Saloon on Broadway. The charges were later dropped when Carter refused to formally file the complaint at the Police station-house and Coburn was immediately released.
Coburn lost to "Professor" William Clark on December 14, 1888, in St. Louis in three rounds. The combatants scored twenty minutes with blackened gloves and Clark won the bout 4 points to 2 for Coburn. Clark was 62 and Coburn already around 54.
In 2013, Coburn was elected to the International Boxing Hall of Fame.
In boxing retirement, Coburn continued to manage his Saloon on Broadway. He had problems with alcohol throughout his life which contributed to his frequent bar fights and crimes.
Death, 1890.
Coburn died on the evening of December 6, 1890, of consumption at his home in New York City, leaving a wife and two-year-old son. Consumption usually referred to tuberculosis in 1890, though Coburn's illness may have been pneumonia, according to one source. He was penniless due to his conspicuous spending habits. A number of his friends had raised $1,000 in a benefit for him at Lexon Hall a few days before his death. After an afternoon service at his home, he was buried in Calvary Cemetery, Queens, New York.
References.
 
 

</doc>
<doc id="6945455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945455" title="If You Are But A Dream">
If You Are But A Dream



</doc>
<doc id="6945459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945459" title="Max Eider">
Max Eider

Max Eider (real name, Peter Millson) is an English guitarist and songwriter.
He studied English literature at University College, Oxford, graduating in Trinity Term 1980. He played guitar with Pat Fish (The Jazz Butcher) from June 1982 until 27 November 1986, when after an alcohol-fuelled altercation with Fish, he left the band. He went on to record a solo album, "The Best Kisser in the World", which mixes up-temp indie pop numbers ("Let Somebody Down" and "Quiet Lives") with songs in a moodier, jazz-influenced style. He also played on recordings by others, including "Songs from Another Season" by David J.
He rejoined the Jazz Butcher for what was billed as the last ever Jazz Butcher gig on 21 December 1995, and has performed and recorded with Fish since, on the live album "Glorious and Idiotic" (2000) and the studio album "Rotten Soul". 2002 saw the release of a second solo album, "Hotel Figueroa", and a third, "Max Eider III", appeared in 2007.
In 2010 Eider released his fourth solo album "Disaffection" on Tundraducks Records.

</doc>
<doc id="6945465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945465" title="It's Not A Fashion Statement, It's A Deathwish">
It's Not A Fashion Statement, It's A Deathwish



</doc>
<doc id="6945476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945476" title="Richard Barth">
Richard Barth

Richard Barth (5 June 1850 in Grosswanzleben, Saxony – 25 December 1923 in Marburg) was a left-handed German violin virtuoso, conductor, music teacher and composer in the circle of Johannes Brahms. His "Ciacona in B minor," Op. 21, composed in 1908, is a finely crafted tribute to J.S. Bach's Chaconne in post-Paganini technical and tonal terms.
Biography.
Barth was born in Saxony and from 1863 to 1867 studied with the renowned violinist Joseph Joachim. Barth used his left hand for bowing and his right hand for fingering and so played the violin "in reverse." Nonetheless, he was successful as a violinist and served as concertmaster of orchestras in Munster, Krefeld and Marburg and headed a string quartet. He was also a successful music teacher. He was music director of the university in Marburg before he moved to Hamburg where he became conductor of the Philharmonie and the Singakademie and directed the Conservatory beginning in 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="6945477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945477" title="Gary Wilkinson (rugby league)">
Gary Wilkinson (rugby league)

Gary Wilkinson is an English rugby league coach who was head coach of the Sheffield Eagles and subsequently in temporary charge of Doncaster.
Wilkinson had a career as a player in the amateur leagues in Hull before moving into coaching where he proved he could develop young players and produce winning teams. After a successful spell as Hull Kingston Rovers's Academy boss he took over the first team in 2002, winning the Northern Rail Cup and reaching the quarter-finals of the promotion play-offs. He fell victim to changing fortunes in the Hull Kingston Rovers' boardroom and moved on to Hull F.C. as under-21s coach and had a brief spell on the backroom staff at Doncaster. In 2004 he was appointed coach of the successful GB Students' squad. In 2006 he was head coach of the Sheffield Eagles.
Wilkinson was a part-time coach at the Eagles, on weekdays he runs a pest control business in Hull. When he was appointed at the start of the 2006 season he immediately helped the Eagles by bringing in players from the Hull area and from the student game. The team took time to gel but eventually finished second in National League Two after an eleven-game unbeaten run, qualifying for the play-offs. They then beat Crusaders and Swinton to gain promotion to National League One. He resigned as the Eagles' head coach on 15 October 2006, citing personal reasons.
In April 2007 Wilkinson made a dramatic return to rugby league coaching when he took temporary charge of Doncaster following the suspension of their coach Keiran Dempsey and his assistant. His first game in charge was against the Sheffield Eagles at the Don Valley Stadium and Wilkinson's team recorded a victory by 24 points to 20. In May 2007 Doncaster entered into a CVA to avoid potential liquidation and Wilkinson was told not to continue as coach.

</doc>
<doc id="6945483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945483" title="Siege of Hojujidono">
Siege of Hojujidono



</doc>
<doc id="6945488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945488" title="Joe Anoai">
Joe Anoai



</doc>
<doc id="6945489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945489" title="Sama, Asturias">
Sama, Asturias

Sama is the second largest parish of the city of Langreo / Llangréu, Asturies, in the north of Spain. It had 8,500 inhabitants within the urban area and 300 outside of it.The parish and district occupy an area of . In the past, Sama was an important commercial and mining zone.
History.
Sama de Langreo become a parish in 1887 when it was separated from the Ciañu parish. The region where the current parish stands was a fertile plot of land next to the Nalón river, including structures such as the 15th century "Casa de los Notarios," demolished in 2019. There was a chapel dedicated to Saint John in which Aurelio was crowned king of Asturias in 768.
In the 19th century, administrative work began to take place in Sama, which was growing in population due to a coal mining boom. During the Third Carlist War, the Town Hall, containing the Langreo historical archive, was destroyed. 
In the mid-19th century, the large Duro Felguera steelworks was built in the neighbouring town of La Felguera, and with it numerous secondary industries appeared which in turn required coal, causing the towns of Langreo to grow constantly. With industrialisation, at the end of the 19th century and beginning of the 20th century, schools, a food and livestock market, cinemas and theatres (the Teatro Vital Aza was the first in the region), a casino, the Sanatorio Adaro mining hospital, working-class and upper-class neighbourhoods, and other project were built in Sama. The railway arrived in 1856 when the "Villa de Gijón" locomotive of the Langreo Railway entered Sama. Commercial activity is also of particular importance, leaving its mark on many of the town's buildings, some of which were inspired by Art Deco or modernism, and others with a rationalist and very urban design. In the last quarter of the 19th century, during the Restoration period, Antonio María Dorado, a local conservative politician, who was mayor of Langreo for a total of 18 years on an intermittent basis, was of particular importance in the town. He had a special interest in consolidating the urban system of Sama, opening streets and squares, regulating the weekly market, building the new town hall and the parish church, bringing water to the public fountains and strengthening municipal power. His contacts with high political spheres such as Alejandro Pidal y Mon favoured the construction of infrastructure.
Industrial activity in Langreo, similar to that which characterized Sama, continued to favor the demographic growth of the town, which, although less than that of its neighbor La Felguera, turned it into one of the largest urban centers in Asturias. The Asturian miners' strike of 1934 caused unrest within Sama. Socialist militiamen under the orders of Belarmino Tomás, who had formed the Revolutionary Committee of Sama de Langreo, attacked the Civil Guard barracks, located in a tenement house, killing almost all 80 Civil Guards and Assault Guards who defended it, including its captain José Alonso Nart, who received the Laureate Cross of Saint Ferdinand. The insurrection caused damage to other buildings as the miner's passed through on the way to Oviedo.
After the Spanish Civil War, the era of autocracy was beneficial for the economy of the region, but it lost importance with the creation of Aceralia and the progressive transfer of industrial activity to other parts of Asturias. In the 1990s, the two large mining pits in Sama, Fondón and Modesta, were closed. In 2007, a fire on an underground coal transport belt to the Modesta Washhouse made it necessary to evacuate hundreds of residents of the town due to a cloud of toxic gas. This caused the definitive closure of the washhouse, the last industrial facility in the town.
The commercial center of Sama is Antonio María Dorado street. On the banks of the Nalón River is Dorado Park, from the period between centuries and included in the Cultural Heritage of Asturias. The parish church is in the neo-Gothic style, rebuilt after the Civil War and dedicated to James the Great. Today the industrial and economic crisis of the mining regions has reduced the commercial activity that characterized Sama until a few decades ago, also affecting its demographic weight, going from the 15,000 inhabitants it once had to the current 8,500. It has two important cultural centers, the Cine Felgueroso Audiovisual Center and the museum of Pozo Fondón-Archivo de Hunosa, as well as a Cultural Center. Sama also houses the Nalón Valley Music Conservatory, a health center, Sanatorio Adaro and a Secondary Education Institute. It is also the seat of the Langreo Courts.
Celebrations.
The feast of St. James is celebrated around July 25, when the popular Mining Shoreworker Competition, one of the oldest in Spain, is held. In addition, "Los Güevos Pintos" (Easter Monday) and Carnival are also celebrated, when the Antroxu Menu is served. For more than a decade, the Hoguera de San Juan was celebrated in the neighborhood of La Llera, with a "falla" in the Nalón River. In 2010 the celebration was put to an end due to its banning by the Cantabrian Hydrographic Confederation.

</doc>
<doc id="6945496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945496" title="Last Alliance (band)">
Last Alliance (band)

 is a Japanese rock band formed in 2002, known for their lyrical-focused songs.
History.
They have performed opening and ending theme songs for various anime series such as "Ouran High School Host Club", "RD Sennō Chōsashitsu", and "Hajime No Ippo: New Challenger". To date, they have released six albums, a mini-album, and eight singles.
Discography.
Albums.
Tears Library.
Tears Library (stylized TEARS LIBRARY) is Last Alliance's first studio album released on July 19, 2003.
Track listing
Underground Blue.
Underground Blue (stylized UNDERGROUND BLUE) is Last Alliance's second studio album released on November 8, 2004. The track "Greens Sunlight" was featured in the Nippon TV program "Ongaku Senshi: Music Fighter".
Track listing
Me and Your Borderline.
Me and Your Borderline is Last Alliance's third studio album released on December 6, 2006. The track "Spiral World" was used as the ending theme to the Nippon TV program "Ongaku Senshi: Music Fighter" and the tracks "Akai Hana" and "Jōka" were re-recorded on the limited edition release of "Keep on Smashing Blue". The track "Shissou" was used as the ending theme to the anime "Ouran High-School Host Club".
Track listing
The Sum.
The Sum (stylized the sum) is Last Alliance's fourth studio album released on June 25, 2008.
Track listing
Keep on Smashing Blue.
Keep on Smashing Blue (stylized Keep on smashing blue,) is Last Alliance's fifth studio album released on October 27, 2010. The Limited Edition release contains a DVD of the "Kawasaki Relax" tour held at Club Quattro on January 28, 2010, a PV of "Wing", and two bonus tracks previously featured in "Me and Your Borderline": "Akai Hana (Sweet Anzai Boy)", performed by Anzai, and "Jōka (Angry Matsumura Boy)", performed by Matsumura.
For Staying Real Blue.
For Staying Real Blue (stylized for staying real BLUE.) is Last Alliance's sixth studio album released on June 15, 2011.
Seventh Sense.
Seventh Sense (stylized Seventh Sense.) is Last Alliance's seventh studio album released on March 20, 2013.
Mini-albums.
Kawasaki Relax.
Kawasaki Relax (stylized KAWASAKI RELAX) is Last Alliance's first mini-album released on October 10, 2009. It is the first (and currently only) album that contains full English lyrics.
Track listing
Singles.
Last Alliance.
Last Alliance (stylized LAST ALLIANCE) is the first self-titled single by Last Alliance released on June 18, 2003. All three songs were later re-recorded in "Tears Library". The single is currently out of print.
Track listing
YG Service.
 is the second single by Last Alliance released on February 18, 2004. The CD for the single contains a music video for the song "Equal Reason".
Track listing
IO.
IO is the third single by Last Alliance released on July 21, 2004. The songs "Solitude", "Musō Jidai", and "Truth in My Arms" were re-recorded in "Underground Blue". The single is currently out of print.
Track listing
Re:frain.
Re:frain is the fourth single by Last Alliance released on October 5, 2005. The song "Konoyubitomare" was later re-recorded in "Me and Your Borderline".
Track listing
Daze &amp; Hope.
Daze &amp; Hope (stylized DAZE&amp;HOPE) is the fifth single by Last Alliance released on May 17, 2006. The CD for the single contains a promotional video for the song "Greens Sunlight". The track "Shissō" was used as the ending theme for the anime television series "Ouran High School Host Club" and was later re-recorded in "Me and Your Borderline".
Track listing
Signal 004.
Signal 004 is the sixth single by Last Alliance released on November 28, 2007. The song "Drag On" was rerecorded in "the sum". A DVD of the single contains music videos of "Drag On" and "Shissō".
Track listing
Always in My Heart.
Always in My Heart is the seventh single by Last Alliance released on April 16, 2008. The track "Katahiza no Yogore" was used as the ending theme for the anime television series "RD Sennō Chōsashitsu" and was later re-recorded in "the sum".
Track listing
New Dawn.
New Dawn (stylized new dawn) is the eighth single by Last Alliance released on March 4, 2009. The track "Hekireki" was used the opening theme for the anime television series "Hajime No Ippo: New Challenger" and was later re-recorded in "Keep on Smashing Blue".
Track listing

</doc>
<doc id="6945499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945499" title="Francisco José Ventoso Alberdi">
Francisco José Ventoso Alberdi



</doc>
<doc id="6945504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945504" title="Rowwen Hèze">
Rowwen Hèze

Rowwen Hèze is a band from the small village of America in the province of Limburg, the Netherlands. They are one of the biggest bands singing in Limburgish. The band was founded in 1985.
Music.
Rowwen Hèze's music is inspired by many different genres of music, including folk, fanfare and tex-mex. Rowwen Hèze draws a lot of inspiration from the songs of The Pogues, as well as from Los Lobos.
Lyrically the band is influenced by every day items like a hangover, the local Fanfare, fatherhood, walking with the dog or songs about a local figure.
Formation and history.
The band started with the search for a new lead singer for the band The Legendary Texas Four. Jack Poels, formerly singing in the band Bad Edge, was willing to fulfill this position, on the condition he was allowed to do one song in dialect. The other band members agreed and Rowwen Hèze was born. In the early years they mostly played covers in English. A lot of bands from Limburg compose a song every Carnaval, which is a big cultural event in that region. Rowwen Hèze became known in all of the Netherlands with the Carnaval song "Niks stront niks" (no crap nothing). After that they gradually sang more and more songs in their local dialect.
Since 1991 the band consists of Jack Poels (vocals, guitar and harmonica), William "Tren" van Enckevort (accordion, piano, trombone and vocals), Jan Philipsen (bass guitar and double bass), Theo Joosten (guitar, mandolin, saxophone, tin whistle and percussion), Jack Haegens (trumpet, flugelhorn, trombone and percussion) and Martîn Rongen (drums and percussion). At the 2013 "Slotconcert" (final concert), Jan Philipsen left the band. Wladimir Geels replaces Jan on bass guitar.
Rowwen Hèze have achieved some success in attracting an audience even among Dutch people who have little knowledge of Limburgish dialects; their lyrics are difficult for anyone who does not understand dialects of Limburgish. They have also proved themselves internationally with a particular mix of Tex-Mex, Irish folk, American rock and brass band music.
Discography.
The band has the reputation of being a party band. During their performances, a lot of beer throwing often takes place. Some of their greatest hits are:
Beside making party music, the band is also known for its intimate, reflective songs which are played during their theatre tours.
In 2006 the band released their album "'Rodus &amp; Lucius", which directly after its release made number 1 in the Album Top 100 of the Netherlands, proving their national fame. 

</doc>
<doc id="6945509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945509" title="Matt Anoai">
Matt Anoai



</doc>
<doc id="6945514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945514" title="The High Windows">
The High Windows

The High Windows (, "HaHalonot HaGvohim") was a 1960s Israeli pop group founded by Arik Einstein, Shmulik Kraus and Josie Katz.
History.
Hahalonot HaGvohim trio was formed at the end of 1966. As composer and vocal arranger, Kraus was the group's moving spirit. The group's debut album, which came out in April 1967, six weeks before the Six-Day War, signaled a new direction in local rock and pop.
The band remained together for only one year. When Einstein left in the wake of a disagreement, Kraus and Josie Katz, then his wife, tried to build up a career in London, but without success.
The band recorded pop music that was very light and catchy. Their songs, which went on to become Israeli classics, include "Einech Yechola" (You Can't), "Kol HaShavua Lach" (The Whole Week for You), "Ahava Rishona" (First Love), "Yehezkel" (Ezekiel), "Chayal Shel Shokolad" (Chocolate Soldier), "Kama Naim" (How Pleasant) and more.
"Zemer Nugeh" (A Sad Song), based on a poem by the Hebrew poet Rachel Sela was played by Ilan Ramon in space, and is one of the songs now associated with him.

</doc>
<doc id="6945521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945521" title="Steve Rogers (comics)">
Steve Rogers (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6945522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945522" title="Hojujidono">
Hojujidono



</doc>
<doc id="6945528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945528" title="Lloyd Anoai">
Lloyd Anoai



</doc>
<doc id="6945529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945529" title="Nawab Haider Naqvi">
Nawab Haider Naqvi

Syed Nawab Haider Naqvi (11 July 1935 – 7 July 2024) was a Pakistani economist and scholar.
Early life and education.
Syed Nawab Haider Naqvi was born in Meerut, British India on 11 July 1935. He migrated to Karachi, Pakistan in 1950.
He received his master's degree from Yale University in 1961 and his doctorate from Princeton University in 1966. He was a post-doctoral research fellow at Harvard University from 1969–1970. 
Career.
Naqvi served as the director of the Pakistan Institute of Development Economics from 1979 to 1995. He also served as a senior economic advisor for the National Electric Power Regulatory Authority (NEPRA) and a Higher Education Commission of Pakistan Distinguished National Professor and director general at Federal Urdu University, Islamabad.
Death.
Naqvi died on 7 July 2024, at the age of 88.

</doc>
<doc id="6945538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945538" title="Compiler optimisation">
Compiler optimisation



</doc>
<doc id="6945539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945539" title="Bill Putnam hut">
Bill Putnam hut

The Bill Putnam (Fairy Meadow) hut is an alpine hut located in the Adamant Range of the Selkirk Mountains in British Columbia. It is set on a knoll at the edge of a high mountain meadow and provides access to a great array of mountaineering objectives, but it is best known for its spectacular skiing terrain. The hut is maintained by the Alpine Club of Canada.
History.
The hut was built by the Alpine Club of Canada (ACC) in 1965 as a project proposed and largely overseen by noted author and alpinist William Lowell Putnam III who later became president of the American Alpine Club for several years and a long-term board member. In 1973 the hut was renovated and considerably enlarged - a project again largely funded and overseen by Putnam. Since then it has been twice renovated and partly rebuilt. The ACC has held its annual General Mountaineering Camp in the Fairy Meadow area four times since 1981, although the hut was not used for the GMC because it is too small to accommodate all the participants.
Bill Putnam spearheaded the construction of three mountain huts now operated by the Alpine Club of Canada. The Fairy Meadow Hut was renamed the Bill Putnam Hut in 2002 to recognize his contribution. Putnam died on December 20, 2014, at age 90, leaving his legacy behind for Canadian mountaineers to enjoy.
Access.
Summer access to the hut is via an estimated 4-7 hour hike up Swan Creek, gaining roughly 1,500 meters in about 8 km, from a trailhead that begins following a drive of 65 km on a logging road along the banks of Lake Kinbasket a portion of the upper Columbia River. This road is sometimes washed out, and is at other times used by fast-moving logging trucks and so discussion with the forestry company, Evans Forest Products in Golden, British Columbia is advisable before starting out. Hiking time on Swan Creek will vary greatly, and may be influenced by significant avalanche debris, heavy brush and other difficulties. Because of this in summer, short helicopter approaches from the logging road are recommended for heavily laden parties to avoid a difficult bush thrash on the undeveloped trail up the creek.
Overland access in winter has occasionally been accomplished, but is difficult due to closure of summer access roads. Normal winter access is via helicopter from a landing pad located near the Trans-Canada Highway 50 km west of Golden. Booking the helicopter well in advance is required, and a satellite phone or VHF radio (or both) is needed for communication with the helicopter company on flight day. Because of serious mountain weather conditions, there is no guarantee that the helicopter can fly on any given day, so bringing a day or two of extra food is recommended in case the helicopter cannot take out people or bring in new supplies.
Facilities.
The hut is a two-story building with sleeping area on the upper level and kitchen and living area on the main floor. In summer or winter, it sleeps 20 dormitory-style on foam pads. The main floor divided into a kitchen area and three different living areas and is equipped with propane powered lamps, two propane cook tops, and a propane stove with oven for baking, as well as a wood stove for heating in the winter. The kitchen is well supplied with dishes, cutlery, utensils, pots and pans, and bakeware.
Food storage is in an uninsulated vestibule on the back of the hut, complete with mouse proof storage bins and an unpowered refrigerator. Water is available from a creek 100 metres south of the hut, and a tall flagpole marks the water hole. There are several 20-gallon pails in the hut for gathering water.
There are two separate double sinks in the kitchen. Grey water disposal can usually be dealt with directly down the sinks, which drain into a ground sump, but if the system backs up, guests will have to dig a snow-pit to dispose of it. Non-burnable garbage must be flown out at the end of the camp, but biodegradables, such as food scraps, bones, and paper waste can be burned in the wood stove. There is a large ten-person wood-burning sauna near the main hut. The main supply of wood is located in and around the woodshed by the sauna.
Human waste is dealt with by an outhouse located a short walk behind the hut, but there is a snow-walled urinal located off the trail to the outhouse. Barrels must be flown out by helicopter, so the volume of material put in them should be minimized. Garbage should not be disposed of in the outhouse.
Activities.
The hut is known as an excellent base for granite mountaineering and backcountry skiing. It is regularly used by the ACC and various club sections for winter ski camps due to its high snowfall conditions and excellent advanced skiing terrain.
The alpine climbing in the Adamants and Gothics areas around the hut is considered superb, and the hut can provide many summers worth of high quality routes on a dozen or more peaks. Two of these, Adamant and Austerity, are over .
In winter, the snow tends to extremely large amounts of high-quality powder, providing great ski touring and ski mountaineering opportunities. The terrain is suitable only for strong intermediate to advanced skiers, and beginners should not attempt it.

</doc>
<doc id="6945550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945550" title="Shirley Anne Field">
Shirley Anne Field

Shirley Anne Field (born Shirley Broomfield; 27 June 1936 – 10 December 2023) was an English actress who performed on stage, film and television from 1955 until her death. She was prominent during the British New Wave.
Early life.
Shirley Broomfield was born in Forest Gate, Essex (in the London Borough of Newham) on 27 June 1936. She was the third of four children, with two elder sisters and a younger brother, Earnest "Guy" Broomfield (c. 1939–1999).
At the age of six, Shirley was placed in the National Children's Home at Edgworth, near Bolton, Lancashire, and four years later was moved to another children's home in Blackburn, where she attended Blakey Moor School for Girls. She subsequently returned to Edgworth until she was 15, when she moved to a children's home hostel in London, training as a typist while still attending school.
Acting career.
Early roles.
After a course at the Lucie Clayton School and Model Agency, Field became a photographic model for pin-up magazines like "Reveille" and "Titbits". She was subsequently spotted by Bill Watts, who ran a theatrical agency and obtained for her roles in late 1950s British films, usually uncredited.
Field first appearance in a film was as an extra in "Simon and Laura" (1955). She had small parts in "All for Mary" (1955), "Lost" (1956), "Yield to the Night" (1956) (directed by J. Lee Thompson), "It's Never Too Late" (1956), "It's a Wonderful World" (1956), "The Weapon" (1956), "Loser Takes All" (1956), "The Silken Affair" (1956), "Dry Rot" (1956), "The Good Companions" (1957) (again for Thompson), "Seven Thunders" (1957), and "The Flesh Is Weak" (1957). She was in episodes of "The New Adventures of Martin Kane" (1957) and "International Detective".
Field's first sizeable film role was in "Horrors of the Black Museum" (1959). She had minor parts in "Once More, with Feeling!" (1960) and "And the Same to You" (1960). Field had a larger role in the controversial "Peeping Tom" (1960). She appeared on stage in "The Lily White Boys" with Albert Finney.
Stardom.
In 1960, Field's breakthrough came when she was chosen by Tony Richardson to play the role of model Tina Lapford in "The Entertainer" (1960), starring Laurence Olivier, distributed by Bryanston Films. Half a century later, she clarified that she did not owe her break to Olivier: "It was Tony Richardson I owe it all to."
Field had a supporting role in "Beat Girl" (1960), then appeared in probably her best known role as Doreen, the would-be girlfriend of rebellious Arthur Seaton (played by Albert Finney), in the New Wave film for Bryanston, "Saturday Night and Sunday Morning" (1960). Director, Karel Reisz, described her as "difficult to play with". Co-star Finney had previously had a small role in "The Entertainer". The film was a huge hit.
Field starred alongside Kenneth More in "Man in the Moon" (1960). With those three big film starring roles in 1960, she became one of the very few actors ever to have their name above the titles in all the major cinemas around Leicester Square simultaneously.
Although offered a role in "A Kind of Loving" (1962), Field turned it down to play the female lead in a Hollywood financed film, "The War Lover" (1962), with Steve McQueen. Four decades later she admitted that the shoot was not ideal: 
In the UK Field had the lead in "Lunch Hour" (1962), which was one of her favourite films.
For Hammer films, Field starred in "The Damned" (1963), directed by Joseph Losey. She went to Hollywood to play the female lead in an epic directed by J. Lee Thompson, "Kings of the Sun" (1963). Thompson had her under personal contract at this stage. She says she turned down roles in a James Bond movie and an Elvis Presley movie.
Field went to Italy to appear in "The Wedding March" (1966), then back in England made "Doctor in Clover" (1966) and "Alfie" (1966). She had a supporting role in "Hell Is Empty" (1967)..
Later career.
Field starred in "With Love in Mind" (1970) and "A Touch of the Other" (1970), then made "House of the Living Dead" (1974).
By the late 1970s Field was more commonly seen on TV, in shows such as "Centre Play", "Shoestring", "Buccaneer", "Never the Twain" and a long run on "Santa Barbara" as well as TV movies like "Two by Forsyth". She had roles in films, "inter alia", "My Beautiful Laundrette" (1985), "Shag" (1989), "Getting It Right" (1989), "The Rachel Papers" (1989), "Hear My Song" (1991), "U.F.O." (1993), "Taking Liberty" (1993), "Loving Deadly" (1994), and "At Risk" (1994).
Her later television roles included "" (1993), "Murder She Wrote", "Lady Chatterly", "Rumble", "Bramwell", "Barbara", "Madson", "Dalziel and Pascoe", "The Bill", "Where the Heart Is", "Waking the Dead", "Monarch of the Glen", "Last of the Summer Wine", "Doctors". Her most recent films are "The Kid", "The Power of Three" and "Beautiful Relics".
Personal life and death.
On 7 July 1967, Field married the aristocratic RAF pilot and racing driver Charles Crichton-Stuart (1939–2001). They had a daughter, Nicola Crichton-Stuart, who was born in 1969. The marriage ended in divorce in 1975. Her autobiography, "A Time for Love", was published in 1991.
On 14 November 1993, Field appeared on BBC Radio 4's "Desert Island Discs", talking to Sue Lawley about her upbringing in different children's homes in Northern England and her success as an actress in the 1960s. She also reminisced about her friendship with John F. Kennedy and an ill-fated date with Frank Sinatra. Her record choices included Beethoven's Piano Concerto No. 1 in C major and pieces by Rachmaninov, Elvis Presley and the Carpenters.
In September 1999 Field's brother Guy was killed in his San Francisco home, by his girlfriend's son Harry Dalsey, the son of DHL founder Adrian Dalsey. Field flew to the US to begin a civil action alleging wrongful death.
In the September 2009 issue of "Cinema Retro", there was a long interview with Field, where she candidly talked about her childhood and the making of "Peeping Tom", "The Entertainer", "Beat Girl" and "The War Lover".
Field died on 10 December 2023, at the age of 87.

</doc>
<doc id="6945552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945552" title="List of bishops of Carlisle">
List of bishops of Carlisle



</doc>
<doc id="6945553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945553" title="Sacred Heart School of Theology">
Sacred Heart School of Theology

The Sacred Heart Seminary and School of Theology is a Roman Catholic seminary in Hales Corners, Wisconsin. It is associated with the Priests of the Sacred Heart, a Catholic religious community of priests and lay brothers founded in France in 1884 and working in the US since the early 20th century.
When the seminary program was established in 1932, the school was known as Sacred Heart Monastery. It offered classes in philosophy and theology for seminarians who were members of the Priests of the Sacred Heart.
The seminary is accredited by the Association of Theological Schools in the United States and Canada.
History.
In its early programs beginning in 1932, the seminary offered both philosophy and theology classes to seminarians affiliated with Priests of the Sacred Heart, which included laymen. In 1955, the philosophy program was moved elsewhere. The seminary was dedicated to theological preparation for men preparing for priesthood. In 1968, construction of the existing building was completed across the street from the original school. In 1972 the name was changed to Sacred Heart School of Theology.
In 1973 Sacred Heart received approval to accept second-career presbyteral candidates who are sponsored by dioceses or religious congregations. It is the largest seminary in the US to accept men over the age of 30 for training for the priesthood. The candidates come from across the United States and Canada. The seminary offers a Master of Divinity to men who are in a program of priestly formation.

</doc>
<doc id="6945557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945557" title="Giorgia Bronzini">
Giorgia Bronzini

Giorgia Bronzini (born 3 August 1983) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist, who rode professionally between 2003 and 2017. She won the women's road race in the UCI Road World Championships in both 2010 and 2011 and the women's points race in the UCI Track Cycling World Championships in 2009.
Born in Piacenza, Bronzini took a total of 80 victories on the road and the track, including stages of the Giro d'Italia Femminile, La Route de France, the Tour of Qatar, the Tour of California, and the Tour of Chongming Island. After a 16-year career, in August 2018 Bronzini announced that she would retire at the end of the season and become a "directeur sportif" with Trek Bicycle Corporation's new women's team, in 2019. She remained with the team until the end of the 2021 season, when she joined in a similar role.

</doc>
<doc id="6945560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945560" title="Grawitzsche Geschwulst">
Grawitzsche Geschwulst



</doc>
<doc id="6945567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945567" title="Nicholas Vogelzang">
Nicholas Vogelzang



</doc>
<doc id="6945568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945568" title="Pink (Boris album)">
Pink (Boris album)

Pink is the tenth studio album by Japanese experimental music band Boris. It was originally released in 2005 through Diwphalanx Records in Japan and subsequently reissued in 2006 by American label Southern Lord Records.
The album's length was extended significantly on the LP version of the album. For the 2006 reissue of "Pink", the album's cover art, track order, and length were modified from the original version released in Japan in 2005. Additionally, a music video was shot for the title track which was limited to 100 copies on DVD. Since then, the music video has been included in the limited edition of the album "Smile", also published by Southern Lord.
An expanded reissue of the album using the original Japanese filled stencil-style art was announced for worldwide release by Sargent House on May 9, 2016, simultaneously debuting new track "Are You Ready" from its bonus disc. Later the same month, NPR Music hosted a stream of an additional new song from the release, "SOFUN". Sargent House streamed the bonus disc via their SoundCloud page the day before it was released on July 8, 2016. The full-length version of the track "Farewell" from the LP edition appears on "Boris / Variations + Live in Japan". It was also re-recorded for Boris' collaborative studio album with Merzbow, "Gensho".
"Pink" has been met with critical acclaim, particularly for incorporating more melody into the band's abrasive sound. It is regarded as Boris' breakthrough, and several music sites have listed it as one of the best albums, metal or otherwise, of the 2000s.
Composition.
"Pink" has large musical footing in metal, 
with doom, sludge, stoner, and thrash styles all seen throughout. However, true to Boris' eclectic nature, it also shows roots in ambient, hardcore, garage punk, garage rock, noise prog, dream pop, post-metal, and post-rock. Their "pensive", "poised" handling of shoegaze is seen as the record's strength. "Loudwire" saw a slight acid rock sound brought on by its "organic" lo-fi production.
Reception.
"Pink"s original releases were greeted with generally positive reviews. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received an average score of 80, based on 13 reviews.
Awarding it a full five stars, AllMusic's Thom Jurek named it Boris' "most cohesive, adventurous, and "listenable" recording" to date. "Pitchfork"s Brandon Stosuy called it their "most melodic, conventionally structured, and aggressively addictive LP to date." He named them "2006's balls-out riff makers to beat." Giving it his site's fullest rating, "Spin"s Joe Gross called it "crazy [and] gorgeous", praising the band's ability to "flatten a club with their firepower." Neumu's Tom Ridge positively noted its appeal to both extreme metal and avant-rock fans while keeping an accessibility for curious listeners.
However, some critics were more reserved. "Stylus" Stewart Voegtlin criticized the band's "infatuation with kitschy artistic jest" which "does little to empower their sound". Leaving the album "unimpressed", he dubbed it "neither a step in a [nearly] "right" direction nor a meaningful action altogether." "Tiny Mix Tapes" Grant 'Gumshoe' Purdum dismissed it as "quite simply half-there." He labeled it "muddy as a bowl of bad split pea soup, and twice as hammy."
Impact and legacy.
"Pink"s 2016 reissue was met with acclaim. Applauding it as "groundbreaking", "Consequence"s Nina Corcoran claimed the album "holds up with contagious energy and genuinely mesmerizing atmosphere". "The Line of Best Fit"s Geoff Cowart felt the reissue spoke to how "fresh and amusingly prophetic" "Pink" remained.
Impact and legacy.
"A masterpiece of modern metal", "Pink" is seen as a breakthrough for Boris, its musical diversity and accessibility both factoring into its applause. "Treble" called it "their most eclectic and most accessible" songs. "Loudwire" ranked it as one of stoner rock / metal's 11 best albums. "Tiny Mix Tapes" dubbed it "one of the most rewarding and exciting metal records" of the 2000s.
"Nashville Scene" distinguished it as "the album that made metal hip", helping heavy music reach more indie-inclined listeners outside of underground metal. This aspect helped future bands like Baroness, Pallbearer, and more find crossover success. "Invisible Oranges" credited it with instilling appreciation for "minimalistic yet heavy" sounds in metal fans. They dubbed Boris one of the first bands to fuse ambient, shoegaze, and sludge elements. To "lure in newcomers", melodic rock and shoegaze elements appear. Nina Corcoran of " Consequence" likened this aspect to a similarly stylized album, then-trio Deafheaven's "Sunbather" (2013). Like that record, "Pink"s accessibility has helped it be noted as one of few albums that "extend[s] with sincerity" to normally non-metal listeners. "Bandcamp Daily" recognized both the album and Boris' place in post-metal's history. Alongside 2005's "Dronevil", "Pink" was given credit for speaking to their consistent embrace of the scene's spirit and vitality. "Treble" felt that "Pink" announced Boris as "the definitive post-metal band", if only due to their disloyalty to genre.
Several tracks have gone on to become fan favourites and critical hits, particularly "Farewell". "Invisible Oranges" staff deemed the track "one of those rare convergences between a band's best-known song and its strongest." They even felt it "[eclipse] pretty much anything else in Boris' discography." "Treble" placed it among the essential songs in the shoegaze genre's history. In a similar list by "BrooklynVegan", "Farewell" ranked as an essential track of the 2000s/'10s shoegaze and heavy music crossover. It would later be included on the soundtrack of Jim Jarmusch's 2009 film "The Limits of Control", which Boris also scored. "Treble" wrote that "Your Name Part 2"s "slow-burn charm" foresaw Baroness in the era of their album "Yellow &amp; Green" (2012).
To commemorate its 10th anniversary, Boris embarked on a North American and European tour of the album. The tour involved 28 performances in various U.S. cities and two in Canada's Montreal and Toronto. Drone metal trio Earth accompanied the band for all U.S. dates, but sat out for Canada's two dates. The last two months of 2016 were devoted to 28 performances across Europe and the U.K.
Accolades.
Clayton Purdom for Cokemachineglow named "Pink" "the best heavy metal record" of the 2000s, defending it against some of the band's fans' arguments. He deemed it "a language-and-rhetoric free artistic statement" that "shattered", "steamrolled", and "de-verb[ed]" any arguments.
Track listing.
2016 deluxe version.
The first disc of the CD release is identical to the Southern Lord CD release, and the first two discs of the LP release are identical to those of the previous LP release.
The LP version of this disc splits the track list between "Room Noise" and "Talisman".
Personnel.
Sourced from AllMusic's credits.
Boris
Technical
Artwork &amp; design

</doc>
<doc id="6945571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945571" title="John Allen Wilcox">
John Allen Wilcox

John Allen Wilcox (or John Alexander Wilcox) (April 18, 1819 – February 7, 1864) was a politician from Mississippi and Texas who served in the United States House of Representatives in the early 1850s and then in the Confederate Congress during the American Civil War.
Biography.
John Allen (or Alexander) Wilcox was born in Greene County, North Carolina, a son of Ruben and Sarah (Garland) Wilcox. One brother, Cadmus Wilcox, would later become a general in the Confederate States Army. It is likely that Wilcox was raised and educated in Tipton County, Tennessee, where the family moved. Moving to Mississippi and entering politics, he served as secretary of the State Senate. He enlisted in the United States Army during the Mexican–American War, serving as lieutenant colonel of the 2nd Mississippi Volunteer Infantry. When hostilities ceased, he returned to Mississippi and practiced law in Aberdeen.
In 1850, he was elected to Congress as a Whig, defeating future Civil War general Winfield S. Featherston. Two years later, Wilcox was defeated for re-election. In 1853, he moved to San Antonio, Texas, and resumed his law practice. He briefly dabbled in the Know Nothing political movement, serving as a presidential elector in 1856, but then joined the Democratic Party in 1858, attending the National Convention that year.
With talk of secession increasing in Texas, Wilcox, a strong supporter of states rights, was selected as a delegate to the state's Secession Convention in 1861. He served on the committee that drafted the ordinance of secession. He was elected to the First Confederate Congress in November 1861 and traveled to Richmond, Virginia to assume his duties, serving on various committees and proving to be a staunch support of the policies of President Jefferson Davis. He was active in helping raise recruits and organizing the Texas Brigade.
After his term in Congress expired, Wilcox joined the Confederate States Army as a volunteer aide to Maj. Gen. John B. Magruder. Given the rank of colonel, Wilcox served in the Battle of Galveston.
He was elected to the Second Confederate Congress, but died in Richmond on February 7, 1864, unexpectedly of apoplexy shortly before taking his seat. He was buried in Richmond's Hollywood Cemetery. He was reinterred in 1897 to Oak Hill Cemetery in Washington, D.C.
His wife and two young children were taken in by his brother, General Cadmus M. Wilcox.

</doc>
<doc id="6945573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945573" title="I Dream of Jeannie With the Light Brown Hair">
I Dream of Jeannie With the Light Brown Hair



</doc>
<doc id="6945578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945578" title="Kimberley Starr">
Kimberley Starr

Kimberley Starr (born 1970) is an Australian novelist and teacher. Her debut novel, "The Kingdom Where Nobody Dies," was followed by "The Book Of Whispers". Her next novel, "Torched", was released by Pantera Press in 2020.
Biography.
Kimberley Starr was born in 1970 in Morgantown, West Virginia, moving to Australia as a young child. She began her education at the Armidale Demonstration School, moving on to Garran Primary School, and Padua Catholic High School, ACT (now St Mary MacKillop College), before completing her secondary education at Loreto Normanhurst. She holds degrees in literature from the University of Sydney and Macquarie University. Starr currently teaches English at Viewbank College and is a graduate researcher in creative writing at La Trobe University. She lives in Diamond Creek, in Melbourne.
Starr's 2004 debut novel, "The Kingdom Where Nobody Dies" has been taught as a secondary school text, won the 2003 Queensland Premier's Literary Awards for Best Emerging Author, and was chosen for the 2005 "One Book One Brisbane" reading campaign.
In 2015, Starr won the Text Prize for best manuscript written for young adults and children. The winning manuscript, "The Book Of Whispers", was published in October 2016.
Bibliography.
Novels
Memoir

</doc>
<doc id="6945580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945580" title="Siege of Fukuryuji">
Siege of Fukuryuji



</doc>
<doc id="6945592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945592" title="Bishop of Winchester">
Bishop of Winchester

The Bishop of Winchester is the diocesan bishop of the Diocese of Winchester in the Church of England. The bishop's seat ("cathedra") is at Winchester Cathedral in Hampshire. 
The Bishop of Winchester has always held "ex officio" the office of Prelate of the Most Noble Order of the Garter since its foundation in 1348. except during the period of the Commonwealth until the Restoration of the Monarchy. Bishops of Winchester also often held the positions of Lord Treasurer and Lord Chancellor "ex officio". 
During the Middle Ages, the Diocese of Winchester was one of the wealthiest English sees, and its bishops have included a number of politically prominent Englishmen, notably the 9th century Saint Swithun and medieval magnates including William of Wykeham and Henry of Blois.
The Bishop of Winchester is appointed by the Crown, and is one of five Church of England bishops who sit "ex officio" among the 26 Lords Spiritual in the House of Lords, regardless of their length of service. Philip Mounstephen has been the Bishop of Winchester since 10 October 2023.
The Diocese of Winchester is one of the oldest and most important in England. Originally it was the episcopal see of the kingdom of Wessex or the West Saxons, with its "cathedra" at Dorchester Cathedral near Oxford under Saints Birinus and Agilbert. The cathedral at Dorchester was founded in AD 634 by Birinius, a Roman missionary. The see was transferred to Winchester in AD 660.
Winchester was divided in AD 909, with Wiltshire and Berkshire transferring to the new See of Ramsbury. Nevertheless, the domains of the Bishop of Winchester ran from the south coast to the south bank of the River Thames at Southwark, where the bishop had one of his palaces, making it one of the largest as well as one of the richest sees in the land. In more modern times, the former extent of the Diocese of Winchester was reduced by the formation of a new diocese of Southwark in south London, a new diocese of Guildford in Surrey and a new diocese of Portsmouth in Hampshire. The most recent loss of territory was in 2022 when the Channel Islands were removed from the diocese of Winchester after a dispute with Bishop Tim Dakin led to a breakdown in relations. The Channel Islands were transferred to the Diocese of Salisbury by an Order in Council made under the Channel Islands Measure 2020. 
Traditionally, in the general order of precedence before 1533, the Bishop of Winchester was given precedence over all other diocesan bishops - that is, the first English bishop in rank behind the archbishops of Canterbury and York. But in 1533, Henry VIII of England raised the rank of the Bishop of London and the Bishop of Durham, relegating Winchester to third (but still above other remaining diocesan bishops). The order of precedence was implicitly recognised by the Bishoprics Act 1878.
The "Report of the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty to inquire into the Ecclesiastical Revenues of England and Wales" (1835) found the Winchester see was the third wealthiest in England, after Canterbury and London, with an annual net income of £11,151.
The official residence of the Bishop of Winchester is Wolvesey Palace in Winchester. Historic homes of the bishops included Wolvesey Castle, Farnham Castle, Bishop's Waltham Palace and Winchester Palace in Southwark. The bishop is the visitor to five Oxford colleges, namely Magdalen College, New College, St John's College, Trinity College, and Corpus Christi College.
Recent history.
The former bishop of Winchester, Tim Dakin, was enthroned on 21 April 2012, having been elected on 14 October 2011. He was consecrated as a bishop at St Paul's Cathedral, London, on 25 January 2012. On 20 May 2021, it was reported that Dakin had "stepped back" as diocesan bishop for six weeks, in light of the threat of a diocesan synod motion of no confidence in his leadership. David Williams, Bishop of Basingstoke, also "stepped back" and Debbie Sellin, Bishop of Southampton, served as acting diocesan bishop. Dakin's leave was later extended to the end of August 2021. He retired on 6 February 2022. 
Debbie Sellin continued as acting diocesan bishop during the vacancy, with retired bishop Richard Frith serving as the Archbishop's Episcopal Commissary in the diocese. In July 2023, it was announced that Philip Mounstephen would be the next Bishop of Winchester and that he was to leave his post at Truro in autumn 2023. Debbie Sellin remained acting diocesan bishop pending Mounstephen's election (which took place on 11 September) and confirmation on 10 October.
Assistant bishops.
Among those who have served as assistant bishops of the diocese are:

</doc>
<doc id="6945593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945593" title="Mehmet Topal">
Mehmet Topal

Mehmet Topal (born 3 March 1986) is a Turkish professional football manager and former player. A defensive midfielder, he was nicknamed "Örümcek" () for his ability to use his long legs to win loose balls or cut passes.
Topal started his senior career at Dardanelspor, and went on to represent Galatasaray, Fenerbahçe, İstanbul Başakşehir, and Beşiktaş, respectively, totalling seven major trophies in his native country. He also had a two-year spell with Spanish team Valencia. An international for Turkey between 2008 and 2018, Topal amassed over 80 appearances and was selected for two European Championships.
As a manager, Topal debuted with a six-month stint at Romanian club Petrolul Ploiești in 2024.
Club career.
Early career.
Born in Malatya, Topal started his football career at local Malatya B.S. at the age of 13. He made his senior debut with lowly Dardanel Spor A.Ş. in the third division.
In September 2006, Topal joined Süper Lig powerhouse Galatasaray SK, moving to the club alongside Japanese Junichi Inamoto.
Galatasaray.
Topal appeared in only 11 games in his first season in Istanbul. However, due to an injury to Swedish international Tobias Linderoth, he was handed his chance in the starting XI, later commenting on his teammate: "He helped me a lot, told me about the areas I should improve and how to do so. Sadly, I got my chance through his injury but I want him to recover in the shortest time possible."
In April 2008, Topal extended his contract with "Gala" for five years, having played 26 matches during the campaign to help the team win the national championship and also reaching the Turkey national team in that timeframe. In the 2008 summer transfer window, there were rumours surrounding a move to Everton in the Premier League, with David Moyes apparently keen to bring the player to Goodison Park.
Topal eventually stayed put, appearing in an average of 22 games in the following seasons but also having to deal with injury early into 2009–10.
Valencia.
On 12 May 2010, Topal signed for Valencia CF for a fee believed to be in the region of €5.5 million. On 14 September, he made he first UEFA Champions League appearance with his new club, playing the full 90 minutes against Turkish side Bursaspor in a 4–0 group stage win.
Topal scored his first goal with the "Che" at Sporting de Gijón, on 25 September 2010 (2–0). In the UEFA Europa League, he netted the game's only goal away against Stoke City on 17 February 2012 in the round of 32 to take his side through 2–0 on aggregate; the 30-yard strike was widely regarded as one of the best goals of that tournament. He played six matches to help his team reach the semi-finals of the latter competition, but overall played second-fiddle to legendary David Albelda during his stint even though the former was ostracised by manager Unai Emery for a period of time.
Fenerbahçe.
Topal moved to Fenerbahçe SK on 1 July 2012, for a reported fee of €4.5 million. He signed a four-year contract with a €2 million annually salary, plus bonuses. He contributed 27 appearances and three goals in his second season, as the club won the national championship after a three-year wait.
On 11 August 2015, whilst he drove home after training accompanied by youth player Uygar Mert, Topal's car was shot at by unknown men. He appeared in 11 games in the Europa League round-of-16 run and, precisely at that stage, against S.C. Braga, scored the only goal in the first leg at the Şükrü Saracoğlu Stadium. In the second match, he was sent off for two bookable offences – the second of which resulted in a penalty – as his team had a further two players ejected in an eventual 4–2 aggregate loss.
On 26 June 2019, the 33-year-old Topal left by mutual consent.
Istanbul Başakşehir.
On 26 August 2019, Topal joined İstanbul Başakşehir F.K. on a two-year deal, the latter one being optional. After conquering the domestic league at the end of the campaign, he became the first footballer to achieve the feat with three teams.
International career.
Topal earned his first cap for Turkey on 6 February 2008, coming on for Emre Belözoğlu in the 78th minute of a 0–0 friendly home draw with Sweden. Shortly after, he was selected by manager Fatih Terim for his UEFA Euro 2008 squad, playing all the games in Austria and Switzerland but one for the eventual semi-finalists.
On 22 May 2016, Topal captained the nation for the first time, in their 1–2 friendly loss to England at the City of Manchester Stadium. A week later, he scored his first international goal on his 58th cap, the only one of a last-minute victory over Montenegro in Antalya. Picked for Euro 2016, he started in all the matches, featuring as a central defender in a 0–3 group stage defeat against Spain.
Managerial career.
Topal started his managerial career on 6 June 2024, joining Romanian club Petrolul Ploiești on a three-year deal. He resigned on 22 December that year, leaving the team in sixth place in the Liga I after 21 fixtures—one of their best runs since returning to the top division in the 2022–23 campaign. Two days later, Petrolul Ploiești announced that his resignation had not yet been accepted and that the situation would be clarified soon. The club attributed his decision to personal reasons, a claim Topal denied on his Instagram account. The contract was officially terminated on 31 December.
Honours.
Galatasaray
Fenerbahçe
İstanbul Başakşehir
Beşiktaş
Turkey
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="6945596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945596" title="Tegart's Wall">
Tegart's Wall

Tegart's Wall was a barbed wire fence erected in May–June 1938 by British Mandatory authorities in the Upper Galilee near the northern border of the territory in order to keep militants from infiltrating from French-controlled Mandatory Lebanon and Syria to join the 1936–1939 Arab revolt in Palestine. With time the security system further included police forts, smaller pillbox-type fortified positions, and mounted police squads patrolling along it. It was described as an "ingenious solution for handling terrorism in Mandatory Palestine."
History.
The wall was built on the advice of Charles Tegart, adviser to the Palestine Government on the suppression of terrorism. In his first report, Tegart wrote that the border could not be defended along most of its length under the prevailing topographical conditions. The barrier was strung from Ras en Naqura on the Mediterranean coast to the north edge of Lake Tiberias at a cost of $450,000. It included a nine-foot barbed wire fence that roughly followed the border between Palestine and French-mandated Lebanon but the Galilee panhandle was left on the outside. Before the fence was completed, "a band of Arab terrorists swooped down on a section of the fence… ripped it up and carted it across the frontier into Lebanon."
Five Tegart forts and twenty pillboxes were built along the route of the fence. Nevertheless, the infiltrators easily overcame the fence and evaded mobile patrols along the frontier road.
The barrier, which impeded both legal and illegal trade, angered local inhabitants on both sides of the border because it bisected pastures and private property. After the rebellion was suppressed in 1939, the wall was dismantled.

</doc>
<doc id="6945616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945616" title="Battle Pyramid Again! VS Registeel!">
Battle Pyramid Again! VS Registeel!



</doc>
<doc id="6945617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945617" title="Jokyu War">
Jokyu War



</doc>
<doc id="6945626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945626" title="Specificity">
Specificity

Specificity may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6945628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945628" title="Latin bridge in Sarajevo">
Latin bridge in Sarajevo



</doc>
<doc id="6945632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945632" title="Town Called Hypocrisy">
Town Called Hypocrisy



</doc>
<doc id="6945634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945634" title="Irish Son">
Irish Son

Irish Son is the debut solo album by Irish singer Brian McFadden. It was released on 29 November 2004. McFadden signed with Sony Music following his departure from boy band Westlife in 2004. The singer mainly co-wrote the album with English songwriter Guy Chambers, who produced the album along Paul Stacey, Richard Flack, Mark Taylor, and Phil Thornalley.
The album was preceded by the lead single "Real to Me" on 6 September 2004, which peaked at number one in Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom. "Irish Son" was highly successful on the charts in Denmark and Ireland. Elsewhere the album charted within the lower regions of the charts in Austria, Finland, Netherlands, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.
Personnel.
Adapted from the "Irish Son" booklet.

</doc>
<doc id="6945641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945641" title="Town called hypocrisy">
Town called hypocrisy



</doc>
<doc id="6945642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945642" title="State Route 711 (Virginia 1928-1933)">
State Route 711 (Virginia 1928-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6945643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945643" title="State Route 713 (Virginia 1928-1933)">
State Route 713 (Virginia 1928-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6945646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945646" title="State Route 716 (Virginia 1930-1933)">
State Route 716 (Virginia 1930-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6945647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945647" title="State Route 717 (Virginia 1930-1933)">
State Route 717 (Virginia 1930-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6945652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945652" title="State Route 720 (Virginia 1930-1933)">
State Route 720 (Virginia 1930-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6945657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945657" title="Haimar Zubeldia Agirre">
Haimar Zubeldia Agirre



</doc>
<doc id="6945659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945659" title="List of collegiate a capella groups">
List of collegiate a capella groups



</doc>
<doc id="6945660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945660" title="Estate railway">
Estate railway



</doc>
<doc id="6945661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945661" title="Irregular natural satellite">
Irregular natural satellite



</doc>
<doc id="6945670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945670" title="Tetra (Legend of Zelda)">
Tetra (Legend of Zelda)



</doc>
<doc id="6945671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945671" title="Kamil Contofalsky">
Kamil Contofalsky



</doc>
<doc id="6945672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945672" title="Sierzno">
Sierzno

Sierzno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytów, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bytów and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.

</doc>
<doc id="6945673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945673" title="Karel Bruckner">
Karel Bruckner



</doc>
<doc id="6945676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945676" title="Karl Allgower">
Karl Allgower



</doc>
<doc id="6945678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945678" title="American Fencing League">
American Fencing League



</doc>
<doc id="6945680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945680" title="Karl Oskar Fjortoft">
Karl Oskar Fjortoft



</doc>
<doc id="6945681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945681" title="Karl Petter Loken">
Karl Petter Loken



</doc>
<doc id="6945683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945683" title="Karlheinz Forster">
Karlheinz Forster



</doc>
<doc id="6945684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945684" title="Sierżno">
Sierżno



</doc>
<doc id="6945685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945685" title="Karl-Heinz Korbel">
Karl-Heinz Korbel



</doc>
<doc id="6945689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945689" title="State Route 718 (Virginia 1930)">
State Route 718 (Virginia 1930)



</doc>
<doc id="6945690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945690" title="Zerrin">
Zerrin

Zerrin is a Turkish feminine given name which, etymologically, comes from Persian (, "Zarrin", ). Notable people with the name include: 

</doc>
<doc id="6945693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945693" title="Florence Wambugu">
Florence Wambugu

Florence Muringi Wambugu (born 23 August 1953 in Nyeri County) is a Kenyan plant pathologist and virologist. She is known for her advocacy of using biotechnology to increase food production in Africa.
Early life.
Florence Wambugu was born in 1953 as the 6th of nine children. 
Education.
She was the first woman to attend the University of Nairobi, Kenya, where she received her Bachelor of Science in botany and zoology. She obtained her Master of Science in botanical pathology from North Dakota State University, United States in 1984; and her PhD from the University of Bath, England in 1991.
She was also awarded an Honorary Degree (Doctor of Science) from the University of Bath in 2009.
Professional career.
Wambugu is the founder, director and the chief executive officer of Africa Harvest Biotech Foundation International (AHBFI) since 2002. Previously, she founded, established and worked as Africa Region Director, ISAAA – Afri-center, in Nairobi. From 1978 to 1991, she worked as a senior research officer (pathologist) and coordinator of plant biotechnology research at the Kenya Agricultural Research Institute (KARI), Kenya. Thereafter (1991–1994), she was a post-doctoral fellow with Monsanto Company.
She has made significant contributions to the research, development and improvement of maize, pyrethrum, banana, sweet potato and forestry production in Kenya. She has published over 100 articles and co-authored various papers.
Previously, she served on several board of directors including the Private Sector Committee of the CGIAR, the United Nations Millennium Development goals Hunger task force; she also was a member of the executive committee of Forum for Agricultural Research in Africa (FARA); the DuPont Company Biotech Advisory Panel, USA; the International Plant Genetic Resources Institute (IPGRI, now called Bioversity International), and the African Biotechnology Stakeholders Forum (ABSF).
Currently, she is serving as a Council Member of the Japan ; a steering committee member of the European Action on Global Life Sciences (EAGLES); and a Science Board member of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation Grand Challenge in Global Health.
GM Sweet Potato.
Florence Wambugu was involved in a project to develop a genetically modified (GM) sweet potato. In February 2004, the science magazine, "New Scientist", reported that the project had failed.
Awards.
Florence Wambugu has been the recipient of numerous awards.

</doc>
<doc id="6945697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945697" title="Zampato">
Zampato



</doc>
<doc id="6945702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945702" title="Peppermint Harris">
Peppermint Harris

Harrison Demotra Nelson, Jr. (July 17, 1925 – March 19, 1999), known as Peppermint Harris, was an American rhythm and blues and jump blues singer and guitarist.
Originally from Texarkana, Texas, he first recorded at Gold Star Studios in Houston, as Peppermint Nelson, in the late 1940s, accompanied by his friend Lightnin' Hopkins. He then made further recordings including, in 1950, "Raining In My Heart" for the Sittin' in With record label run by Bob Shad, who allegedly forgot Nelson's name and released them as by Peppermint Harris.
In 1951, he moved to Modern Records in Los Angeles, California, and had his biggest R&amp;B hit, on the Aladdin Records label, with "I Got Loaded", which reached number one on the U.S. "Billboard" R&amp;B chart in November that year. He had eight other, less successful recordings, on the same label, switching to other smaller labels in Southern California later in the 1950s and into the 1960s. In 1962, he had a self-titled album, released on the Time label. 
Harris later recorded in Shreveport, Louisiana, and worked in Sacramento and New Jersey, before recording a final album on the Home Cooking label in 1995.
He died in Elizabeth, New Jersey, on March 19, 1999, at the age of 73.

</doc>
<doc id="6945704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945704" title="Jack Was Every Inch A Sailor">
Jack Was Every Inch A Sailor



</doc>
<doc id="6945717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945717" title="Ultimate failure">
Ultimate failure

In mechanical engineering, ultimate failure describes the breaking of a material. In general there are two types of failure: fracture and buckling. Fracture of a material occurs when either an internal or external crack elongates the width or length of the material. In ultimate failure this will result in one or more breaks in the material. Buckling occurs when compressive loads are applied to the material instead of cracking the material bows. This is undesirable because most tools that are designed to be straight will be inadequate if curved. If the buckling continues, it will create tension on the outer side of the bend and compression on the inner side, potentially fracturing the material.
In engineering there are multiple types of failures based on the application of the material. In many machine applications any change in the part due to yielding will result in the machine piece needing to be replaced. Although this deformation or weakening of the material is not the technical definition of ultimate failure, the piece has failed. In most technical applications, pieces are rarely allowed to reach their ultimate failure or breakage point, instead for safety factors they are removed at the first signs of significant wear.
There are two different types of fracture: brittle and ductile. Each of these types of failure occur based on the material's ductility. Brittle failure occurs with little to no plastic deformation before fracture. An example of this would be stretching a clay pot or rod, when it is stretched it will not neck or elongate, but merely break into two or more pieces. While applying a tensile stress to a ductile material, instead of immediately breaking the material will instead elongate. The material will begin by elongating uniformly until it reaches the yield point, then the material will begin to neck. When necking occurs the material will begin to stretch more in the middle and the radius will decrease. Once this begins the material has entered a stage called plastic deformation. Once the material has reached its ultimate tensile strength it will elongate more easily until it reaches ultimate failure and breaks.

</doc>
<doc id="6945719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945719" title="Behrouz">
Behrouz

Behrouz, Behrooz, Behrus or bihuroz () is a Persian given name, loosely meaning "prosperous".
It means "Success" and when translated word by word, it means "[the man who has] good lifetime" ("beh": good, "rooz": day (and it refers to "roozegar": lifetime)). In old Maldivian calendar "Bihuroz" was the New Year Day, which was the seventh day of "Assidha". The name indicates someone that has good days in life, or simply, is happy or prosperous.
People with the name Behrouz.
The following people have the given name Behrouz:

</doc>
<doc id="6945720" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945720" title="Dr. Curtis Connors">
Dr. Curtis Connors



</doc>
<doc id="6945729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945729" title="French motorcycle Grand Prix">
French motorcycle Grand Prix

The French motorcycle Grand Prix is a motorcycling event that is part of the FIM Grand Prix motorcycle racing season.
The Grand Prix was held on different circuits in its history: on the Charade Circuit (Puy-de-Dôme) between 1959 and 1967, Le Mans circuit on numerous occasions since 1969, alternating with the Paul Ricard Circuit at Le Castellet, used it for the first time in 1973, the Circuit Paul Armagnac in Nogaro in 1978 and 1982 and the Circuit de Nevers Magny-Cours once in 1992. Since 2000 the race has been held at Le Mans on the Bugatti Circuit.
The event is due to take place at the Bugatti Circuit until at least 2031.
Winners of the French motorcycle Grand Prix.
By year.
"A pink background indicates an event that was not part of the Grand Prix motorcycle racing championship."

</doc>
<doc id="6945737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945737" title="Tikhaya Bay">
Tikhaya Bay

Tikhaya Bay (, translated as "Quiet Bay") may refer to one of the following places.

</doc>
<doc id="6945738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945738" title="Kleber Boas">
Kleber Boas



</doc>
<doc id="6945740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945740" title="Behruz">
Behruz



</doc>
<doc id="6945759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945759" title="Fort-on-Shore">
Fort-on-Shore



</doc>
<doc id="6945762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945762" title="State Route 9 (Virginia pre-1940)">
State Route 9 (Virginia pre-1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6945763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945763" title="Kleber Saarenpaa">
Kleber Saarenpaa



</doc>
<doc id="6945764" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945764" title="I's The B'y">
I's The B'y



</doc>
<doc id="6945766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945766" title="Knut Sirevag">
Knut Sirevag



</doc>
<doc id="6945768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945768" title="Knut Thorbjorn Eggen">
Knut Thorbjorn Eggen



</doc>
<doc id="6945770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945770" title="Ibnu Sina">
Ibnu Sina



</doc>
<doc id="6945771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945771" title="Kobi Kuhn">
Kobi Kuhn



</doc>
<doc id="6945772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945772" title="Koray Avci">
Koray Avci



</doc>
<doc id="6945775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945775" title="Yavapai Community College">
Yavapai Community College



</doc>
<doc id="6945776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945776" title="Kristjan Orn Sigurdsson">
Kristjan Orn Sigurdsson



</doc>
<doc id="6945779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945779" title="Kristofer Haestad">
Kristofer Haestad



</doc>
<doc id="6945790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945790" title="List of bishops of the modern diocese of Coventry">
List of bishops of the modern diocese of Coventry



</doc>
<doc id="6945798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945798" title="RR4-RR64">
RR4-RR64



</doc>
<doc id="6945801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945801" title="Culture of the Cayman Islands">
Culture of the Cayman Islands

 
The culture of the Cayman Islands has been influenced by Afro-Caribbeans of Jamaica, colonists of Great Britain. In the 21st century, approximately 113 nationalities make up the residents on the three islands comprising the country. The total population of the Cayman Islands is 81,546 people spread throughout the island group, with the majority of the people found on Grand Cayman. Roughly 37,000 are generational Caymanians, with the remainder being immigrants, their children, and permanent residents.
In the past, most of the people of the Cayman Islands got their livelihood from the sea through fishing, turtle harvesting, and as merchant seamen. Cayman Sea Salt and Cayman Logwood products are now locally made and exported. In the 21st century the islands have thrived in the finance and tourism sectors.
Religion.
The influences of American and European culture are most evident in the religion of the Cayman Islands, where Christianity is the most practiced religion. Within the island group, Christian denominations include Anglican, Baptist, Catholicism, Church of God, Presbyterian, and United Church, among others. Because religion is an important aspect of the culture of the Cayman Islands, most of the local businesses as well as the harbors and ports are closed on Sundays. The same establishments are closed on Christmas days. The Cayman Islands also hosts a growing Jewish community.
Language.
British English is the most commonly spoken language in the Cayman Islands, albeit with a distinctive Caymanian dialect. Jamaican patois is also commonly spoken in the Cayman Islands, and younger Caymanian generations have adopted certain Jamaican terms and expressions.
Cuisine.
The food of the Cayman Islands includes traditional Afro-Caribbean fare such as cassava, johnny cake, breadfruit, plantain, and meat pie. Jamaican cuisine has also been an influence in the Cayman Islands, and jerk seasoning has become popular for use on meat dishes such as chicken, fish and pork. Curry is also used frequently in rice, chicken, and fish dishes. Traditional Caymanian fare includes dishes made from turtle meat, conch, goat, and fish such as grouper and snapper, with locally made Cayman sea salt.

</doc>
<doc id="6945803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945803" title="The High Windows (album)">
The High Windows (album)

The High Windows (Hebrew: החלונות הגבוהים, "HaKhalonot HaGvohim") is the debut and only studio album by the Israeli pop group The High Windows. Released in 1967, a few of its tracks became milestones of the Israeli pop music. The song "Zemer Nuge" was written by Rachel Bluwstein. In 2007, forty years after its original release date, a remastered edition was released and went platinum in Israel.
Personnel.
Band members:
Other musicians involved in the recording were:

</doc>
<doc id="6945804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945804" title="Steven Lustu">
Steven Lustu



</doc>
<doc id="6945806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945806" title="Goz Beida">
Goz Beida

Goz Beïda is the main town of the Kimiti department and the Sila region of southeastern Chad.
Goz Beida may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6945807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945807" title="Stig Arild Raket">
Stig Arild Raket



</doc>
<doc id="6945810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945810" title="Svein Grondalen">
Svein Grondalen



</doc>
<doc id="6945813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945813" title="Stefan Wachter">
Stefan Wachter



</doc>
<doc id="6945814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945814" title="Fish Allergy">
Fish Allergy



</doc>
<doc id="6945817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945817" title="Larry Dale">
Larry Dale

Larry Dale (born Ennis L. Lowery, January 7, 1923 – May 19, 2010) was an American blues singer, guitarist and session musician.
Life and career.
He was born in Wharton, Texas, United States. During the early 1950s he took initial inspiration on guitar playing from B.B. King, making his first recordings as a sideman for Paul Williams and his Orchestra (on Jax Records), and for Big Red McHouston &amp; His Orchestra. Taking the name Larry Dale, he recorded for the RCA subsidiary Groove Records with a band that included Mickey Baker and pianist Champion Jack Dupree. He also wrote songs using the name Larry Dale Matthews.
Dale performed on the New York club circuit with the pianist Bob Gaddy in the 1950s. He was also a frequent session guitarist in the New York studios, playing on all four of Dupree's 1956–58 sessions for RCA's Groove and Vik subsidiaries, and on the best known Dupree LP, 1958's "Blues from the Gutter", for Atlantic. His playing on that album inspired Brian Jones of The Rolling Stones. Dale made most of his best sides as a leader when the decade turned from the 1950s to the 1960s. For Glover Records he recorded the party blues "Let the Doorbell Ring" and "Big Muddy" in 1960, then revived Stick McGhee's "Drinkin' Wine-Spo-Dee-O-Dee" in 1962 on Atlantic.
He died in New York in May 2010, at the age of 87.

</doc>
<doc id="6945818" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945818" title="Gary Hooper">
Gary Hooper

Gary Hooper (born 26 January 1988) is an English footballer who plays as a forward for Maldon &amp; Tiptree.
Hooper started his career at non-League club Grays Athletic in 2003. While there he won the 2004–05 Conference South, as well as the FA Trophy twice in 2005 and 2006. After this Championship club Southend United signed him on a free transfer in 2006. He was loaned out twice by the club, on a three-month loan to League One club Leyton Orient in 2007 and a six-month loan to League Two club Hereford United in 2008. Scunthorpe United signed him in 2008, for a fee of £175,000. After two years he was signed by Scottish Premier League club Celtic for £2.4 million. In his first season with the club he was the top scorer (22 goals in all) and also won the 2011 Scottish Cup.
Hooper has scored in the Premier League, Championship, League One, League Two, FA Cup, League Cup, Football League Trophy, FA Trophy, UEFA Champions League, UEFA Europa League, Scottish Cup, Scottish League Cup and the Scottish Premier League, the first and only player to achieve this feat. On top of this, he has also scored in the Conference National, Conference South, Southern League Premier Central, Isthmian League North Division, A-League and the Indian Super League.
Hooper was born in England but has not represented the national team at any level. In March 2011 it was thought that he may be eligible to represent Scotland. However, this possibility was later closed off. Following his move to Celtic he was considered for England duty and was called up to the under-21 squad for a friendly, but had to pull out due to injury. He was then included in the provisional squad for the 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Championship but did not go to the tournament.
Club career.
Early career.
Hooper was born in Harlow, Essex and grew up in Loughton. He joined the Tottenham Hotspur youth team at the age of seven. When he was 14 he played 20 minutes of a trial match and was then released by the club. After this he had trials with Northampton Town and Luton Town. These proved unsuccessful and he started playing Sunday league football. He then had a short spell with Maldon Town.
Grays Athletic.
Hooper joined Isthmian League Premier Division club Grays Athletic in the 2003–04 season, being named as used substitute in an Essex Senior Cup match against Braintree Town on 11 November 2003 whilst he was still 15 years old coming on for Edward Erekosima.
His debut came the following season when Grays were promoted into the newly formed Conference South, helping them to win the league by scoring 12 goals in 30 league appearances. He started for Grays in the 2004–05 FA Trophy Final against Hucknall Town, but was substituted towards the end of extra-time. The match went to penalties and Grays won the shoot-out 6–5.
The following season in the Conference National, Hooper scored eight times in 40 league appearances. He was an unused substitute in Grays Athletic's 2–0 triumph over Woking in the final of the 2006 FA Trophy. At the end of the 2006 season he was released by Grays. Hooper said that he was only getting substitute appearances for the last few minutes of matches and that he wanted to move.
Southend United.
In July 2006, after his release by Grays, Hooper went on two trials. Firstly to League Two club Barnet, then to Championship club Southend United, where he was given a one-year contract by manager Steve Tilson the following month. On 24 October, Hooper scored twice in a 3–1 League Cup win over Leeds United. He went on to make 18 appearances for Southend in the Championship, although only two were starts. On 15 March, Hooper joined League One club Leyton Orient on loan for the rest of the season. Tilson said that this loan would allow him to assess whether Hooper merited a new contract and would give the young striker experience. Hooper was recalled from loan on 1 May before, already relegated, Southend's last match of the season. A number of players were out injured for the match and, five days after his recall, Hooper started in the 4–1 defeat to Southampton.
Hooper made 18 appearances in League One for Southend during the first half of the 2007–08 season, scoring twice. On 28 January 2008, Hooper signed a new 18-month contract to extend his stay with the club. He then moved on loan to League Two club Hereford United.
At the start of the 2008–09 season. Hooper, along with three other strikers, was listed for transfer as Tilson looked to re-build his attack. Hereford had a bid accepted for Hooper after his successful loan spell, but could not afford to match the larger transfer fees offered by other teams. Several other League One clubs were interested in him. Cheltenham Town had a bid accepted but Hooper eventually decided to move to Scunthorpe United. He scored just four goals in 44 appearances during his time at Southend. Although he did have two successful loan spells.
Leyton Orient (loan).
On 15 March 2007, Hooper moved on loan to League One club Leyton Orient. Two days after joining the club he scored in a 2–2 draw with Oldham Athletic after coming on as a substitute. A week later, he scored against League One leaders Scunthorpe United in another 2–2 draw. Hooper made two more appearances for Orient, before being recalled to Southend on 1 May, when the club activated a 24-hour return clause in his contract. Orient manager Martin Ling said that he thought Hooper had done well during his loan spell with the club and that he would monitor the progress of the young striker.
Hereford United (loan).
On 28 January 2008, Hooper signed a one-month loan deal with League Two club Hereford United. He made his debut two days after signing for them, starting in a 2–1 loss to Barnet. He scored in his next match for the club, a 1–0 win over Rotherham United. He played five more times, scoring four goals, before his loan deal was due to expire on 28 February. However, manager Graham Turner agreed a deal to keep him until the end of the season. Southend manager Steve Tilson agreed to this despite having two strikers out injured at the time. Hooper's 11 goals in 19 appearances for Hereford helped them finish third in League Two and secure promotion.
Scunthorpe United.
On 14 July 2008, Scunthorpe United signed Hooper for a fee of £125,000, rising to £175,000. Hooper signed a three-year contract with the League One club. In the first match of Scunthorpe's league campaign, Hooper scored in a 2–1 defeat at Glanford Park against Leeds United. He scored his first ever hat-trick against, Brighton, on 6 September and netted seven goals in his first seven matches to help Scunthorpe's promotion push. After this teammate Izzy Iriekpen paid tribute to Hooper saying that "As soon as he started training you could see there was something special there." On 28 October, league leaders, Scunthorpe suffered their first defeat in 12 matches as they lost 3–0 to Oldham Athletic. Hooper came off with an injury in this match and it was feared he had broken his foot and may have been out for up to six months. However, scans later revealed that his foot was just badly bruised. He was labelled in the media as the latest from Scunthorpe's "production line for talented young forwards." He scored both goals in a win over promotion rivals Millwall on 31 January 2009. Scunthorpe reached the final of the Football League Trophy and faced League Two Luton Town. Hooper scored the opener but Luton pulled it back to win the match 3–2 in extra-time. At the end of the season Hooper won Scunthorpe's Player of the Year award. He said he was delighted with the team's performance during the season, in which he scored 24 league goals to help Scunthorpe gain promotion. He then set himself a target of 15 Championship goals for the next season. He scored 30 goals in all competitions throughout the 2008–09 season, just three goals short of Billy Sharp's record 33 goals in a season for Scunthorpe.
At the start of the 2009–10 season, Queens Park Rangers had a £1 million rejected for Hooper. Coventry City were also rumoured to be interested in the striker. On 15 August, Hooper scored twice in a 3–2 win over Derby County. Scunthorpe manager Nigel Adkins said that he thought Hooper was a "massive threat" to the opposition and that he was worried that other teams would try to sign him before the end of the transfer window. On 22 February, captain Cliff Byrne, described Hooper as the kind of striker who could "create something out of nothing". He also stated that he hoped Hooper would stay at the club but if he did leave it would be for a lot of money. This was just after Hooper had scored in a 2–2 draw with Watford, taking his seasonal tally to 13. He scored a hat-trick against Bristol City on his return from a groin injury on 17 April 2010, and added a further two goals at Doncaster Rovers a week later. He scored 20 goals in 39 appearances in all competitions in the 2009–10 season, including 19 in 35 in the league, where he finished as third-top goal scorer behind Peter Whittingham and Nicky Maynard who both scored 20.
In 2012, Scunthorpe United fans voted Hooper as the club's best ever player.
Celtic.
On 26 July 2010, Scottish Premier League club Celtic signed Hooper for £2.4 million. The move provided him with great experience, despite his young age of 22 when joining and kept him grounded. On 4 August 2010, Hooper scored on his debut for the club, against Portuguese Primeira Liga club Braga in the Champions League third qualifying round. Hooper tore his calf muscle in a friendly against Blackburn Rovers just four days later on 8 August, keeping him out of action for almost six weeks.
On 22 September 2010, Hooper made his return from injury in the League Cup, scoring in a 6–0 victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle. On 25 September 2010, Hooper made his Scottish Premier League debut in a 2–1 victory over Hibernian at Celtic Park. Hooper scored his Scottish Premier League goal on 2 October, in a 3–1 win over Hamilton Academical. and then scored a double against Dundee United at Tannadice on 17 October. One week later, he scored the opening goal in a 3–1 defeat to Rangers at Celtic Park. On 6 November, Hooper and strike partner Anthony Stokes each scored hat-tricks in a league record 9–0 win over Aberdeen. The following week, he scored the winner against St Mirren.
After recovering from an injury that kept him out of action during the Christmas period, Hooper returned to the team against Hibernian on 15 January 2011 and scored the opening goal in a 3–0 win. On 1 February, Hooper scored the first goal in a 3–0 win against Aberdeen. He netted twice in Celtic's 3–0 victory over Rangers on 20 February. He grabbed another brace on 6 April 2011, in a 3–1 victory over Hibernian. Two weeks later, Hooper had a man of the match performance against Kilmarnock, scoring a goal and setting up another three in a 4–0 SPL victory. On 1 May 2011, Hooper scored in a 4–1 victory over Dundee United. He then scored a brace against Hearts, and the opener in a 4–0 win over Motherwell, in the final Scottish Premier League match of the season. Hooper was nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award, but lost out to teammate Emilio Izaguirre and was also picked in the PFA Scotland Team of the Year. Hooper won his first medal for Celtic in the Scottish Cup after a 3–0 win over Motherwell in the final on 21 May 2011. During the 2010–11 season, Hooper had the best strike rate of any player in Britain, scoring 20 goals in 26 matches with a strike rate of 0.77 goals per match. This was also the fourth best strike rate in Europe, behind Cristiano Ronaldo, Lionel Messi and Antonio Di Natale.
On 24 July 2011, Hooper had a penalty saved by Graham Stack in Celtic's first match of the 2011–12 season, a 2–0 win over Hibs. On 13 August, he scored his first goal of the season in a 5–1 win over Dundee United. He also picked up an ankle injury which ruled him out for the next two matches. On 25 August he made his return in Celtic's 3–1 loss to FC Sion. Three days later, he scored both goals in a 2–0 win over St Mirren. English Premier League clubs Queens Park Rangers and Wolverhampton Wanderers expressed interest in signing Hooper on transfer deadline day of summer 2011, however Celtic rejected their enquiries about his availability. Hooper's regular strike partner Anthony Stokes said "He's a top, top player. I have no doubt one day he could play at the very top level but we want to keep him here as long as possible."
Hooper scored in Celtic's 4–2 loss to rivals Rangers on 18 September 2011. This was his fourth goal in seven Old Firm matches. He then started Celtic's first Scottish League Cup match of the season against Ross County, scoring one goal in a 2–0 win for Celtic. On 29 September he played in Celtic's 1–1 draw with Italian team Udinese. After three minutes he won a penalty which Ki Sung-Yueng scored. He then gave away a penalty, which was converted, after 83 minutes when he fouled Neuton. A month later, he scored in Celtic's 4–1, League Cup quarter-final, victory over Hibernian. On 3 November, Hooper scored his first European goal of the season, netting the final goal of Celtic's 3–1 Europa League group stage win against Rennes, after coming on as a 78th-minute substitute for James Forrest. Three days later, he again came on as a substitute and scored the winner in a 2–1 win over Motherwell. On 26 November, he scored a hat-trick in a 5–0 win over St Mirren. After scoring five goals in November, he won the SPL Player of the Month award. On 15 December, Hooper scored in Celtic's final Europa League group match, a 1–1 draw against Udinese which meant Celtic finished third in the group and didn't qualify for the knock-out stages. During the January transfer window, Championship league leaders Southampton made several bids for Hooper. However, they were rejected by Celtic and Hooper reiterated his desire to stay with the club. On 14 January, Hooper scored in a 2–1 win over Dundee United. He then scored in Celtic's 4–0 win against Hearts on 8 February. On 29 April 2012, Hooper scored the final goal as Celtic beat Rangers 3–0 at Celtic Park. This was his fifth goal in 10 appearances against Rangers. On 13 May, Hooper scored all five goals for Celtic as they beat Hearts 5–0 in the final SPL match of the season, securing his position as the top scorer in the Scottish Premier League with 24 goals and winning the Golden Boot.
After Southampton had won promotion to the Premier League there was speculation linking them with a £7m for Hooper at the start of the 2012–13 season. However, Hooper stated that he was happy at Celtic and was looking forward to playing Champions League football. On 1 August 2012, Hooper started the season in scoring form, in Celtic's 2–1 victory against HJK Helsinki in the first leg of the Champions League Third Qualifying Round. On 25 September 2012, Hooper scored all 4 goals in Celtic's Scottish League Cup tie against Raith Rovers at Celtic Park, the match finished 4–1. On 29 September 2012, Hooper scored the first goal in a 2–0 victory over Motherwell at Fir Park, this resulted in Celtic going to first spot in the Scottish Premier League. Hooper scored his seventh goal in four matches, against Spartak Moscow in the UEFA Champions League; Celtic won the match 3–2 at Spartak Stadium, recording their first ever away victory in the UEFA Champions League proper. During January 2013, Hooper scored braces against Hearts and Dundee United in high scoring wins at home for Celtic, and also scored the only goal in a 1–0 away win at Motherwell. That run of goalscoring saw him win the SPL Player of the Month Award. Celtic clinched their second successive Scottish Premier League title on 21 April 2013 with a 4–1 win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle at Parkhead. Hooper scored twice in the match. On 26 May 2013, Hooper scored twice for Celtic in their 3–0 win over Hibernian in the Scottish Cup Final.
On 12 June 2013, English Premier League club Hull City made an undisclosed bid, believed to be about £4.5m, for Hooper which Celtic rejected. As transfer speculation increased over the summer, Hooper played what proved to be his final match for Celtic on 23 July when he came on a second-half substitute in a Champions League qualifier against Cliftonville. He replaced Anthony Stokes on 65 minutes and almost scored nine minutes later with an overhead kick that hit the post. Celtic manager Neil Lennon later claimed that Hooper was Celtic's best striker since Henrik Larsson.
Norwich City.
On 26 July 2013, Hooper signed a three-year contract with English Premier League club Norwich City for an undisclosed fee, believed to be £5m, with Norwich having the option of a further year to Hooper's contract. Hooper made his competitive début for Norwich on 21 September 2013 in a Premier League 1–0 home loss to Aston Villa as a 63rd-minute substitute. In his first start for the club, Hooper scored a brace to secure a 3–2 victory over Watford in the third round of the League Cup on 24 September.
On 9 November 2013, Hooper scored his first Premier League goal from the penalty spot against West Ham United at Carrow Road to level the scores at 1–1. Norwich City won the match 3–1, with Hooper being voted as Man of the Match. Due to this goal, he became the first player to score in the top 4 divisions of the English league, the top division of the Scottish League and two cup competitions in each country, as well as the UEFA Champions League and UEFA Europa League. Hooper scored his second Premier League goal and fourth goal in all competitions in just his seventh start for Norwich City, on 30 November 2013 against Crystal Palace, which Norwich City won 1–0 for a vital 3 points. On 7 December, Hooper scored his fifth Norwich City goal and third Premier League goal against West Bromwich Albion at The Hawthorns, a first time angled shot across goalkeeper Boaz Myhill into the corner after a through ball from Leroy Fer, the match ended in a 0–2 Norwich City victory. On 15 December, Hooper scored in consecutive Premier League matches, the one-time Scunthorpe United frontman took one touch on his chest after a Johan Elmander lay off, before hitting a superb volley 25 yards out over Michel Vorm and into the roof of the net, levelling the score at 1–1. Hooper would score again on the Boxing Day fixture against Fulham as his shot deflected off of Aaron Hughes and past goalkeeper David Stockdale, thus making Hooper the first-ever Norwich City player to score in four successive Premier League matches at Carrow Road.
Hooper finished his first season at Norwich as the club's top scorer with eight goals, but was unable to prevent his team's relegation from the Premier League to the Championship. A calf injury then saw Hooper miss the first couple of months of the following season. After returning to the team in October, he finally scored his first goal of the season on 22 November 2014 in a 3–3 draw at home against Brighton. The goals then began to flow for Hooper; the striker scoring twice in a 6–1 win over Millwall on Boxing Day where he was described as "outstanding" by manager Neil Adams, then after being dropped from the team, he returned to score a hat trick on 7 February 2015 in a 4–0 win over Blackpool, taking his total for the season to date up to nine goals. Hooper eventually scored 12 goals in the league, and helped Norwich to third place in the league. Hooper only appeared briefly as a substitute during the promotion play-off ties against Ipswich Town and was an unused substitute in the play-off final at Wembley against Middlesbrough. Norwich, however, won the final 2–0 to regain their place in the Premier League.
With Norwich back in the Premier League, Hooper was struggling to hold down a place in the team. By September 2015 he had only played ten minutes in the opening league match against Crystal Palace, and an 89th-minute substitute appearance against Southampton. A loan move to Sheffield Wednesday fell through despite the Yorkshire club agreeing to pay Norwich £500,000 and match Hooper's £32,000 weekly wage. Hooper denied press reports that the move collapsed due to his demand for Sheffield Wednesday to provide him with a VIP box at their stadium for his family and friends. He remained at Norwich for a few more weeks, but sustained an ankle injury in training. Sheffield Wednesday made a further attempt to sign Hooper on loan, and on 27 October he agreed to join them until January 2016.
Hooper made his first appearance for Sheffield Wednesday on 31 October 2015, coming on as a late substitute in a 1–0 win at home against Nottingham Forest in the Championship. In his seventh appearance in all competitions for the club, Hooper scored his first goal for Sheffield Wednesday in a 2–1 defeat at away against MK Dons. In Hooper's final two matches for Sheffield Wednesday before his loan expired, he managed to score four goals which contributed hugely in Wednesday's victories against Bolton Wanderers and Leeds United.
Sheffield Wednesday.
On 22 January 2016, Hooper signed for Wednesday permanently, on a three-and-a-half-year deal. The fee was undisclosed but believed to be around £3 million.
He was released by Sheffield Wednesday at the end of the 2018–19 season, having scored 31 goals in 89 games.
Wellington Phoenix.
On 17 October 2019, Hooper signed for the Wellington Phoenix, who play in the A-League, as a marquee striker. He scored his first goal for the "Nix" in his starting debut with a header against Melbourne City on 3 November 2019. Following his debut, Hooper would come off the bench in his following six games in an effort to rebuild match fitness; this included one game for the Wellington Phoenix Reserves in New Zealand's ISPS Handa Premiership, playing the first half and scoring in a 2–2 draw against Eastern Suburbs on 21 December 2019. He made his starting debut against Central Coast Mariners, scoring the opening goal in the process. Hooper would then start all remaining games bar one, becoming the spearhead of Wellington's attack. Until the A-League season was disrupted by the COVID-19 pandemic, Hooper scored six goals and assisted a further four, helping the Wellington Phoenix to their best season in club history.
Kerala Blasters.
On 12 September, it was announced that Hooper had signed a one-year deal with the Indian Super League club Kerala Blasters FC. Hooper scored his first goal for the club against NorthEast United through a penalty on the 45th minute of the match. The match ended in a 2–2 draw. On 21 February 2021, Hooper scored the 200th league goal of his career through a penalty against Chennaiyin FC. On 11 June 2021, the club officially announced the departure of Hooper.
Return to Wellington Phoenix.
On 15 June, the Phoenix announced the return of Hooper on a two-year deal. On 25 March 2022, Wellington Phoenix announced that his contract will be terminated a year early.
Omonoia Nicosia.
On 2 September 2022, he signed for AC Omonia in Cyprus, linking up with his former manager at Celtic, Neil Lennon. On 10 February 2023, he left the club by mutual consent, with the club stating he "asked to leave for personal reasons and his wish was respected".
Gulf United.
The same day as leaving Omonia, he signed for UAE Second Division club Gulf United, on the UAE's transfer deadline day. Hooper left United later in 2023.
Barnet.
On 3 October 2023, he returned to English football to sign for National League club Barnet, subject to international clearance. Hooper scored twice in 14 appearances in the first two months after signing, but did not play for the club again after December and was released at the end of the season.
Kettering Town.
On 17 October 2024, Hooper joined Southern League Premier Division Central club Kettering Town. He scored on his debut, five minutes after coming on as a substitute in a league game against rivals Stourbridge.
In February 2025, Kettering announced that Hooper had left the club by mutual consent.
Maldon &amp; Tiptree.
In February 2025, Hooper joined Maldon &amp; Tiptree in the Isthmian League North Division. He made his debut for the club on 15 February 2025, in a goalless draw with Cambridge City, and scored his first goal for the club in a 5–0 win over Basildon United on 22 February.
International career.
Hooper has not represented England at any level. His paternal grandfather William Hooper was raised in the Scottish Borders, and this led to hopes that Hooper could be eligible to play for Scotland. Then Scotland head coach Craig Levein sought clarification as to the place of birth his grandfather's birth certificate recorded, as he had been born in a hospital in the English border town Berwick-upon-Tweed. The possibility was closed off when it was confirmed that his grandfather was included in the English Births Index. On 13 March 2011, Hooper was included by Stuart Pearce in his 31-man squad for the England under-21 team to play Denmark and Iceland. However, Hooper pulled out of the squad due to injury. On 3 May 2011, he was named in the 40-man provisional squad for the 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Championship, but did not make the final selection.
In February 2012, BBC Sport reported that the Football Association of Wales were investigating his eligibility, but Hooper was unaware of having any Welsh ancestry. Hooper declared his desire to play for Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Olympics, but was not selected.
In November 2012, Hooper was set to join teammate Fraser Forster in the England squad for their upcoming friendly against Sweden in Stockholm, after it was revealed The Football Association had contacted Celtic about the fitness of Hooper. They were handed a bleak prognosis by Celtic's medical team, meaning Hooper couldn't make the squad through injury.
Style of play.
Hooper has all the main attributes to play as a striker: he is strong and can hold up the ball well. He is also a good finisher; he has been described as being a 'penalty box striker'. However, he can also pass the ball well and this allows midfielders to play-off him. He has received praise since moving to Scotland. The "Daily Record" described him as being one of the most skilled attackers in the SPL. They also said that he had shown that he could deal with the physical nature of the Scottish game, due to his ability to ride a challenge well.
One criticism that Steve Claridge had when analysing Hooper's game was that "[he often] played at either breakneck speed when involved in play or at walking pace when not". Claridge noted that Hooper needed to work harder to make himself available to his teammates for passes, especially long balls out from defence.
While at Celtic, Hooper struck up an excellent partnership with fellow striker Anthony Stokes. They scored over 40 goals between them in their first season together and were considered to be Celtic's best strike partnership, although on many occasions, especially for big matches, Georgios Samaras was often used alongside Hooper. Hooper expressed his disappointment at this because he felt that he worked very well with Stokes. In their partnership Hooper usually had a more advanced role, playing off the shoulder of the last defender, or in the box, and making runs in behind. His strength, pace, finishing ability and awareness made him suitably adapted to this role. Stokes usually played a deeper role, coming short to get the ball and creating space through his dribbling skill and passing. Although Hooper is more suited to an advanced role, and Stokes to a deeper one, they were capable of switching and both have the skills required to play in either role. This made it very hard for defenders to mark them.
During his time as manager at Rangers, Ally McCoist showed his players footage of a goal Hooper scored against them at Celtic Park. "He makes a run from the halfway line on the left hand side. I watched it and I showed our players it", said McCoist, adding that "he [Hooper] just has a desire to run and run and just get on the end of a cross. You can't buy that, you can't teach that".
Honours.
Grays Athletic
Hereford United
Scunthorpe United
Celtic
Norwich City
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="6945829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945829" title="Stefan Iovan">
Stefan Iovan



</doc>
<doc id="6945832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945832" title="Stefan Grigorie">
Stefan Grigorie



</doc>
<doc id="6945834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945834" title="List of level editors">
List of level editors

This is a list of level editors for video games. Level editors allow for the customization and modification of levels within games.

</doc>
<doc id="6945835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945835" title="Stale Solbakken">
Stale Solbakken



</doc>
<doc id="6945836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945836" title="Sreten Stanic">
Sreten Stanic



</doc>
<doc id="6945838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945838" title="Srebrenko Repcic">
Srebrenko Repcic



</doc>
<doc id="6945839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945839" title="Srdan Andric">
Srdan Andric



</doc>
<doc id="6945842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945842" title="Sevagram / Sewagram">
Sevagram / Sewagram



</doc>
<doc id="6945843" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945843" title="Tree nut allergy">
Tree nut allergy

A tree nut allergy is a hypersensitivity to dietary substances from tree nuts and edible tree seeds, causing an overreaction of the immune system, which may lead to severe physical symptoms. Tree nuts include almonds, Brazil nuts, cashews, chestnuts, filberts/hazelnuts, macadamia nuts, pecans, pistachios, shea nuts, and walnuts.
Management is by avoiding eating the causal nuts or foods that contain them among their ingredients, and a prompt treatment if there is an accidental ingestion. Total avoidance is complicated because the declaration of the presence of trace amounts of allergens in foods is not mandatory in every country.
Tree nut allergies are distinct from peanut allergy, as peanuts are legumes, whereas a tree nut is a hard-shelled nut.
Signs and symptoms.
Food allergies in general usually have an onset of symptoms in the range of minutes to hours for an immunoglobulin E (IgE)-mediated response, which may include anaphylaxis. Symptoms may include rash, hives, itching of mouth, lips, tongue, throat, eyes, skin, or other areas, swelling of lips, tongue, eyelids, or the whole face, difficulty swallowing, runny or congested nose, hoarse voice, wheezing, shortness of breath, diarrhea, abdominal pain, lightheadedness, fainting, nausea, or vomiting. Non-IgE-mediated responses occur hours to days after consuming the allergenic food, and are not as severe as IgE-mediated symptoms. Symptoms of allergies vary from person to person and incident to incident.
Potentially life-threatening, the anaphylactic onset of an allergic reaction is characterized by respiratory distress, as indicated by wheezing, breathing difficulty, and cyanosis, and also circulatory impairment that can include a weak pulse, pale skin, and fainting. This can occur when IgE antibodies are released and areas of the body not in direct contact with the food allergen show severe symptoms. Untreated, the overall response can lead to vasodilation, which can be a low blood pressure situation called anaphylactic shock.
Consumption of raw nuts usually causes a more severe reaction than roasted nuts or food-grade nut oils, as processing can reduce the integrity of the allergic proteins.
Causes.
Tree nut allergies are caused by an irregular immune system reaction to biological proteins found across many tree nuts which the immune system's Immunoglobulin E treats as harmful invaders. Proteins responsible for tree nut allergies include lipid transfer proteins, profilin, Globulins, Albumins, and PR-10.
Diagnosis.
An allergy test or food challenge may be performed at an allergy clinic to determine the exact allergens.
Since a tree nut allergy can be life-threatening, people who suspect they are having allergic reactions to any kind of tree nut should be tested by an allergist immediately. Tree nut allergies can be genetic and passed down. Skin-prick tests and blood tests may be used to determine if an allergy is present. Tests can reveal the presence of immunoglobulin E (IgE), an antibody that responds to allergens and triggers the release of chemicals which cause the symptoms.
If the test results are inconclusive, there is also an oral food challenge. This test consists of feeding the patient tiny amounts of the food that they believe is causing their allergic reactions. This is done under the direct supervision of the allergist.
Prevention.
Prevention involves an exclusion diet and vigilant avoidance of foods that may be contaminated with tree nuts, nut particles, or oils extracted from nuts. In the United States, the federal Food Allergen Labeling and Consumer Protection Act (FALCPA) requires that any packaged food product that contains tree nuts as an ingredient must list the specific tree nut on the label. Foods that almost always contain tree nuts include pesto, marzipan, Nutella, baklava, pralines, nougat, gianduja, and turrón. Other common foods that may contain tree nuts include cereals, crackers, cookies, baked goods, candy, chocolates, energy/granola bars, flavored coffee, frozen desserts, marinades, barbecue sauces, and some cold cuts, such as mortadella. Tree nut oils (especially shea nut) are also sometimes used in lotions and soaps. Asian and African restaurants, ice cream parlors, and bakeries are considered high-risk for people with tree nut allergy due to the common use of nuts and the possibility of cross contamination.
Cross-reactivity.
People with clinically confirmed tree nut allergy to one type of tree nut may have cross-reactivity to other tree nut species and also to peanuts, which are not nuts but rather part of the legume family. The cause is similarity in protein structures. Identifiable allergenic proteins are grouped into families: cupins, prolamins, profilins, and others. Tree nuts have proteins in these families, as do peanuts and other legumes. Reviews of human trials report that for a confirmed tree nut allergy, up to one-third of people will react to more than one type of tree nut. The cross reactivity among almond, walnut, pecan, hazelnut, and Brazil nut is stronger than the cross reactivity of these toward cashew or pistachio.
People with tree nut allergy are seldom allergic to just one type of nut, and are therefore usually advised to avoid all tree nuts, even though an individual may not be allergic to the nuts of all species of trees.
Someone allergic to walnuts or pecans may not have an allergy to cashews or pistachios, because the two groups are only distantly related and do not necessarily share related allergenic proteins.
Prognosis.
This allergy tends to be lifelong; studies have shown that only about 9% of children outgrow their tree nut allergy.
Treatment.
Strict dietary avoidance of the causal nut(s) remains the mainstay of treatment for nut-allergic individuals. Treatment for accidental ingestion of tree nut products by allergic individuals varies depending on the sensitivity of the person. An antihistamine such as diphenhydramine may be prescribed. Sometimes prednisone will be prescribed to prevent a possible late-phase Type I hypersensitivity reaction. Severe allergic reactions (anaphalaxis) may require treatment with an epinephrine pen, which is an injection device designed to be used by a non-healthcare professional when emergency treatment is warranted.
Regulation.
Whether food allergy prevalence is increasing or not, food allergy awareness has increased, with impacts on the quality of life for children, their parents, and their immediate caregivers. In the United States, the Food Allergen Labeling and Consumer Protection Act enacted August 2004, effective January 1, 2006, causes people to be reminded of allergy problems every time they handle a food package, and restaurants have added allergen warnings to menus. The Culinary Institute of America, a premier school for chef training, has courses in allergen-free cooking and a separate teaching kitchen. School systems have protocols about what foods can be brought into the school. Despite all these precautions, people with serious allergies are aware that accidental exposure can easily occur at other peoples' houses, at school or in restaurants. 
Regulation of labeling.
In response to the risk that certain foods pose to those with food allergies, some countries have responded by instituting labeling laws that require food products to inform consumers if their products contain major allergens or byproducts of major allergens among the ingredients intentionally added to foods. Nevertheless, there are no labeling laws to mandatorily declare the presence of trace amounts in the final product as a consequence of cross-contamination, except in Brazil.
Ingredients intentionally added.
FALCPA requires companies to disclose on the label whether a packaged food product contains any of these eight major food allergens, added intentionally: cow's milk, peanuts, eggs, shellfish, fish, tree nuts, soy, and wheat. This list originated in 1999 from the World Health Organisation Codex Alimentarius Commission. To meet FALCPA labeling requirements, if an ingredient is derived from one of the required-label allergens, then it must either have its "food sourced name" in parentheses, for example "Casein (milk)," or as an alternative, there must be a statement separate but adjacent to the ingredients list: "Contains milk" (and any other of the allergens with mandatory labeling). The European Union requires listing for those eight major allergens plus molluscs, celery, mustard, lupin, sesame, and sulfites.
In January 2025, the FDA issued guidance reducing the number of tree nuts that require food allergen labeling under FALCPA. Under this guidance, coconut, cola (kola) nut, beech nut, butternut, chestnut, chinquapin, ginkgo nut, hickory nut, palm nut, pili nut, and shea nut no longer require a "Contains: tree nuts" statement. However, almond, black walnut, Brazil nut, California walnut, cashew, hazelnut, heartnut (Japanese walnut), macadamia nut, pecan, pine nut, pistachio, and English and Persian walnut must still be labeled by FALCPA standards.
FALCPA applies to packaged foods regulated by the FDA, which does not include poultry, most meats, certain egg products, and most alcoholic beverages. However, some meat, poultry, and egg processed products may contain allergenic ingredients. These products are regulated by the Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS), which requires that any ingredient be declared in the labeling only by its common or usual name. Neither the identification of the source of a specific ingredient in a parenthetical statement nor the use of statements to alert for the presence of specific ingredients, like "Contains: milk", are mandatory according to FSIS. FALCPA also does not apply to food prepared in restaurants. The EU Food Information for Consumers Regulation 1169/2011 – requires food businesses to provide allergy information on food sold unpackaged, for example, in catering outlets, deli counters, bakeries and sandwich bars.
Trace amounts as a result of cross-contamination.
The value of allergen labeling other than for intentional ingredients is controversial. This concerns labeling for ingredients present unintentionally as a consequence of cross-contact or cross-contamination at any point along the food chain (during raw material transportation, storage or handling, due to shared equipment for processing and packaging, etc.). Experts in this field propose that if allergen labeling is to be useful to consumers, and healthcare professionals who advise and treat those consumers, ideally there should be agreement on which foods require labeling, threshold quantities below which labeling may be of no purpose, and validation of allergen detection methods to test and potentially recall foods that were deliberately or inadvertently contaminated.
Labeling regulations have been modified to provide for mandatory labeling of ingredients plus voluntary labeling, termed precautionary allergen labeling (PAL), also known as “may contain” statements, for possible, inadvertent, trace amount, cross-contamination during production. PAL labeling can be confusing to consumers, especially as there can be many variations on the wording of the warning. PAL is regulated only in Switzerland, Japan, Argentina, and South Africa. Argentina decided to prohibit precautionary allergen labeling in 2010, and instead puts the onus on the manufacturer to control the manufacturing process and label only those allergenic ingredients known to be in the products. South Africa does not permit the use of PAL, except when manufacturers demonstrate the potential presence of allergen due to cross-contamination through a documented risk assessment and despite adherence to Good Manufacturing Practice. In Australia and New Zealand there is a recommendation that PAL be replaced by guidance from VITAL 2.0 (Vital Incidental Trace Allergen Labeling). A review identified "the eliciting dose for an allergic reaction in 1% of the population" as ED01. This threshold reference dose for foods (such as cow's milk, egg, peanut, and other proteins) will provide food manufacturers with guidance for developing precautionary labeling and give consumers a better idea of what might be accidentally in a food product beyond "may contain." VITAL 2.0 was developed by the Allergen Bureau, a food industry sponsored, non-government organization. The European Union has initiated a process to create labeling regulations for unintentional contamination, but is not expected to publish such before 2024.
In Brazil, since April 2016, the declaration of the possibility of cross-contamination is mandatory when the product does not intentionally add any allergenic food or its derivatives, but the Good Manufacturing Practices and allergen control measures adopted are not sufficient to prevent the presence of accidental trace amounts. These allergens include wheat, rye, barley, oats and their hybrids, crustaceans, eggs, fish, peanuts, soybean, milk of all species of mammalians, almonds, hazelnuts, cashew nuts, Brazil nuts, macadamia nuts, walnuts, pecan nuts, pistachios, pine nuts, and chestnuts.
Society and culture.
Food fear has a significant impact on the quality of life. For children with allergies, quality of life is also affected by actions of their peers. There is an increased occurrence of bullying, which can include threats or acts of deliberately being touched with foods they need to avoid, also having their allergen-free food deliberately contaminated.
Research.
Immunotherapy treatments are being developed for tree nut allergy, including oral immunotherapy, sublingual immunotherapy, and epicutaneous immunotherapy.

</doc>
<doc id="6945852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945852" title="Perennial Baby's Breath">
Perennial Baby's Breath



</doc>
<doc id="6945854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945854" title="Zane Yama">
Zane Yama



</doc>
<doc id="6945855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945855" title="Nationalsocialistiska Arbetarpartiet">
Nationalsocialistiska Arbetarpartiet



</doc>
<doc id="6945858" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945858" title="Yellow (colour)">
Yellow (colour)



</doc>
<doc id="6945862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945862" title="Abdul Halim Hafez">
Abdul Halim Hafez



</doc>
<doc id="6945864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945864" title="Baby-blue-eyes">
Baby-blue-eyes



</doc>
<doc id="6945866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945866" title="Ludwig August Lebrun">
Ludwig August Lebrun

Ludwig August Lebrun (baptized 2 May 1752 – 16 December 1790) was a German oboist and composer.
Life.
Lebrun was born in Mannheim. The well-known and celebrated oboe virtuoso (a contemporary described being "charmed by his divine oboe") played with the orchestra at the court of the Prince-Elector Carl Theodor in Mannheim. He started playing with the orchestra at the age of 12 and became a full member at the age of 15. His father, also an oboist probably from present-day Belgium, worked from 1747 at the Mannheim court. He was a contemporary of Carl Stamitz and Anton Stamitz, and belonged to the Mannheim school.
In the summer of 1778 he married the soprano Franziska Danzi, one of the most outstanding and well-known singers of the time and the sister of composer Franz Danzi. With her, he travelled extensively across Europe: Milan, Paris, London, Vienna, Prague, Naples, Munich and Berlin. The couple's playing and singing complemented each other perfectly and arias with "obbligato" oboe were written for them, as for instance those in "Günther von Schwarzburg" (1777) by Ignaz Holzbauer, "L'Europa riconosciuta" (1778) by Antonio Salieri and "Castore e Polluce" (1787) by Georg Joseph Vogler.
The music historian Charles Burney wrote about appearances of the pair: "Franziska Danzi and the excellent oboist Lebrun usually travel together, and it seems as though she has listened to nothing other than his instrument, for when they perform together in thirds and sixths one cannot hear which is the upper or the lower voice!"
He died in Berlin at the age of 38 from the effects of liver inflammation.
Lebrun was the father of opera singer and actress Rosine Lebrun and pianist and composer Sophie Lebrun.

</doc>
<doc id="6945870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945870" title="Sewagram">
Sewagram



</doc>
<doc id="6945872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945872" title="Bachelor Button">
Bachelor Button



</doc>
<doc id="6945873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945873" title="Louisa Moritz">
Louisa Moritz

Louisa Moritz (born Luisa Cira Castro Netto; September 25, 1936 – January 4, 2019) was a Cuban-American actress and lawyer. After arriving in New York from Cuba, she became a film and television actress, then earned a law degree. She is best known for her roles in "One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest" and the television show "Love, American Style".
Early life.
Moritz was born in Havana, where she worked as an accountant. Owing to the political upheaval of the late 1950s she left Cuba and moved to New York, arriving on July 15, 1960, aged 23. She later shaved 10 years off her true age, adopting 1946 as her year of birth. To avoid association with Fidel Castro, to whom she was distantly related, she adopted the last name Moritz after seeing the Hotel St. Moritz in New York City.
Professional life.
Unable to speak English when she first moved to the United States in 1960, Moritz started acting in commercials in the 1960s. Her first film was "The Man from O.R.G.Y." in 1970. In 1982, Moritz had a role in "The Last American Virgin" as Carmela. Moritz generally played ditzy blondes, appearing in numerous films, of which the best known was "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" in 1975 as the prostitute Rose, and in TV shows, including "Happy Days", "M*A*S*H", and "Love, American Style", where she was a regular.
Moritz later studied law at the University of West Los Angeles and Abraham Lincoln University. She was admitted to the California Bar in 2004. According to her publicist, she was at the top of her class and won the American Jurisprudence Bancroft Whitney Prize for Contracts.
On June 25, 2015, Moritz was suspended from the State Bar of California for failing to provide certain quarterly reports. On October 1, 2017, she was disbarred for failure to comply with terms set out in her previous disciplinary actions and to respond to the California Bar.
Moritz also invested in real estate, owning a hotel in Beverly Hills that she renamed the Beverly Hills St. Moritz, and produced self-defense programs for TV.
Death.
After being injured in a fall during a visit to Washington, D.C., Moritz died in a hospital in Los Angeles, aged 82, on January 4, 2019, of natural causes.
Accusations against Bill Cosby.
In November 2014, Moritz became one of the first women to accuse Bill Cosby, claiming Cosby sexually assaulted her in the green room of "The Tonight Show" in 1971. After Cosby accused her of lying, she sued him for defamation. Her lawyer planned to continue the lawsuit after her death. Cosby's insurance company settled in April 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="6945877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945877" title="Jock o the Side">
Jock o the Side



</doc>
<doc id="6945879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945879" title="Slumber Party Girls">
Slumber Party Girls

The Slumber Party Girls (also known as SPG) were an American teen pop girl group formed in 2006. Their debut album, "Dance Revolution", was released on October 3, 2006. During the 2006–2007 television season, SPG hosted the KOL Secret 
Slumber Party every weekend on CBS. They also featured on the show, "Dance Revolution", where they served as the show's house band; the program was hosted by Radio KOL's DJ Rick.
History.
The Slumber Party Girls was formed in July 2006 by Ron Fair, a music producer who is known for turning out popular music artists Christina Aguilera, Vanessa Carlton, the Black Eyed Peas, Fergie, and the Pussycat Dolls to fame. Scott, Scerbo, Deras, Carattini and Low were chosen out of 1,000 girls who auditioned.
Career.
After the group lineup was finalized, the group started production on their debut album. After the album was finished, they released an EP called "Meet the Slumber Party Girls" on September 12, 2006. On September 16, 2006, the CBS weekend programming lineup KOL Secret Slumber Party premiered, featuring the Slumber Party Girls promoting healthy eating and fitness between segments. "The Slumber Party Girls Theme" is served as the lineup's theme song. The dance competition show "Dance Revolution" also premiered as part of the lineup and had the Slumber Party Girls as its house band. Each week, they would perform a song off their debut album "Dance Revolution", which was released on October 3, 2006. The day of the album's release, the Slumber Party Girls made a guest appearance on the CBS morning talk show "The Early Show" to promote the album and perform "Countdown". The group also spoke of a made-for-TV movie and a television series featuring them were in development and slated to premiere in 2007. To further promotion, the Slumber Party Girls shot music videos, for "Dance With Me", "The Texting Song", "Salsa", "Summer's Gone", "Make a Wish", "My Life", "I Got Your Back", "Carousel", "Back to Basics", "Good Times", "Eavesdroppin'", "Countdown" and "Bubblegum". However, despite heavy promotion, the album failed to chart on the Billboard 200 chart and as a result the album was a commercial flop.
In 2007, the Slumber Party Girls started recording their second album, which was rumored to be titled "SPG" and released towards the end of 2007. Unfortunately, there was rumored disputes between Low and Deras about dating "Cake" cast member Keegan McFadden, which were thought to lead to the group's break-up that summer. As a result, their made-for-TV movie, television series and second album were canceled. After their break-up, they also went to pursue solo projects. Even though they disbanded, KOL Secret Slumber Party continued to air until its final broadcast on September 8, 2007, and their two songs "Summer's Gone" and "My Life" were featured in the film "Bratz".
Post-breakup.
Scerbo launched an acting career starring in the hit television show "Make It or Break It" and signed a solo recording contract with Geffen Records. Her songs "Betcha Didn't Know", "Sugar and Spice" and "Top of the World" were released throughout 2008 to iTunes. Low also launched an acting career, starring in the interactive short series "Hampton High Revealed" and having a recurring role in the hit ABC Family television series "Lincoln Heights". Deras now studies manufacturing and merchandising in the fashion business at FIDM and has a popular style blog, Karla's Closet.

</doc>
<doc id="6945880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945880" title="John Dory (ballad)">
John Dory (ballad)



</doc>
<doc id="6945890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945890" title="Izzy Young">
Izzy Young

Israel Goodman Young (March 26, 1928 – February 4, 2019), known as Izzy Young, was a noted figure in the world of folk music, both in America and Sweden. He was once the owner of the Folklore Center in Greenwich Village, New York, and from 1973 until his death, owned and operated the Folklore Centrum store in Stockholm.
Biography.
Israel Goodman Young was born on March 26, 1928, at the Lower East Side of Manhattan, to Polish Jewish immigrant parents, Philip and Pola Young. His father was a baker. Izzy Young grew up in the Bronx where he finished high school. He attended Brooklyn College. From 1948 to 1952 he worked in his father's bakery in Brooklyn. He later went into the book business.
In 1957, at 110 MacDougal Street in New York City's Greenwich Village, he opened the Folklore Center, a store for books and records and everything related to folk music. It became a focal point for the American folk music scene of the time, a place where one could find such limited circulation publications as "Caravan" and "Gardyloo", both edited and published by Lee Hoffman. From 1959 to 1969, Young wrote a column entitled "Fret and Frails" for the folk music journal "Sing Out". He served on the "editorial advisory board" for the magazine until his departure for Sweden a few years later.
Young arranged concerts with folk musicians and songwriters, who often made contacts with other musicians at the Folklore Center. Bob Dylan relates in his memoirs, "", how he spent time at the Center, where Young allowed him to sit in the backroom of the store, listening to folk music records and reading books. Dylan met Dave Van Ronk in the store, and Young produced Dylan's first concert at Carnegie Chapter Hall in New York City on Saturday, November 4, 1961. Bob Dylan wrote a song about the store and Young entitled "Talking Folklore Center". Young gave interviews about their relationship for the documentary No Direction Home.
Other notable figures that played concerts early in their career at the Folklore Center include Peter Paul and Mary, John Sebastian from the Lovin' Spoonful (Young managed one of Sebastian’s early bands), Joni Mitchell, Emmylou Harris and Tim Buckley. A live album by Buckley recorded at the Folklore Centre in 1967 was released in 2009. Patti Smith used to read poetry there and also became friends with Young.
Young was also a keen political activist. He famously led a march in 1961, which became known as “the beatnik riot” in protest at a ban on the public performance of music in Greenwich Village’s Washington Square Park. Young pursued the case through the courts, eventually winning the removal of the ban. He would later champion the plight of Cambodians affected by the US war in Vietnam as well as Palestinians.
Move to Sweden.
After developing an interest in Swedish folk music at a festival, Young closed his New York store in 1973 and moved to Stockholm where he opened the Folklore Centrum at Roslagsgatan in Vasastan. In 1986 he relocated the store to Wollmar Yxkullsgatan 2 in Södermalm where he remained till the end of 2018 when he retired from a regular series of folk music concerts spanning decades. The concerts featured prominent traditional Swedish folk musicians, enthusiasts from Stockholm who played music from other places, and international artists from all over the world. In 1974 Young arranged a concert with Pete Seeger in the auditorium of Uppsala University. A recording was made and released on the LP record "If A Revolution Comes To My Country ..." (October Stereo OSLP-508). Young's personal diaries, notes, photos, newspaper clips, and other documentation have been transferred to the Library of Congress in Washington, D.C., where they now constitute The Izzy Young Collection. A large part of Young's extensive library was in 2018 donated to the museum Mannaminne() at Nordingrå, Sweden. Young's research and documentation of Cambodia's history from the 1960s onwards was donated in 2001 to the "Centre for East and South-East Asian Studies" at Lund University (the "HT" libraries).
Young celebrated his 90th birthday at the Swedish Folklore Centrum in March 2018. At that time Young remarkably was still opening the “store” on a daily basis and hosting regular concerts there in the same way he had for over 60 years. Due to Young’s fading health, the store closed at the end of November.
Personal life and death.
He was the father of the actress and television presenter Philomène Grandin.
Israel "Izzy" Young died at the age of 90 in Stockholm, Sweden on February 4, 2019. He spent his last days surrounded by his family, closest friends, and live music.
Young's life and doings was portrayed in the book ”Don't Forget Me” (2021) and the documentary ”Go To Izzy!” (2021). 

</doc>
<doc id="6945892" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945892" title="Indigo (colour)">
Indigo (colour)



</doc>
<doc id="6945894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945894" title="Just (Radiohead)">
Just (Radiohead)



</doc>
<doc id="6945896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945896" title="Non-aligned countries">
Non-aligned countries



</doc>
<doc id="6945899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945899" title="European Economic Area Family Permit">
European Economic Area Family Permit

A European Economic Area Family Permit (short: EEA family permit) was an immigration document that assisted the holder to enter the United Kingdom as a family member of a citizen of a contracting state to the European Economic Area agreement or a Swiss citizen. They were issued by the UK immigration authorities under the Immigration (European Economic Area) Regulations 2006 (UK).
In theory, possession of a family permit was not mandatory and permission to enter the UK could still be sought at the frontier, but non-EEA nationals who neither possessed a visa nor a family permit would have found it difficult to arrive at the UK border as many carriers refused boarding to passengers who did not hold a family permit, as they may have been fined by the British authorities for carrying a visa-required national without a visa or family permit. In addition, family members were sometimes refused entry to the UK for failure to have a family permit. A family permit could be issued for a short visit or to enable the holder to take up residence in the UK. As the document was valid only for six months, a person seeking to enter the UK after that would need to have applied for a new one.
As a result of the UK leaving the European Union, applications for the European Economic Area Family Permit ended and existing permits ceased to be valid on 30 June 2021. A new "EU Settlement Scheme family permit" has been created as a replacement to the EEA permit.
Legal framework.
The Immigration (European Economic Area) Regulations 2006 extend visa free travel to third country nationals in possession of residence cards and permanent residence cards but this exception is limited to those cards issued by the UK government itself. Residence cards issued by other EEA states and Switzerland are not recognised under UK law and holders of same may apply for a family permit prior to leaving for the UK. 
This was despite a provision of the EU's free movement directive which stated:
While a member of the European Union, the legality of the requirement by the UK to require EEA family members a hold a family permit to enter the UK was long disputed by the European Commission. The UK defended the requirement on the basis of its opt-out from the Schengen Area which provided that:
This act was repealed on 31 December 2020 along with the Immigration (European Economic Area) Regulations 2016 act which largely replaced the 2006 act. 
Application.
EEA family permits were available from any entry clearance issuing post (most embassies and consulates) outside the UK, and were issued for six months at a time. A family member who wished to stay in the UK for more than six months could apply for a residence card to formalise their right of abode (or for a family member residence stamp in the first 12 months where the EEA national family member is a national of a newly joined member state for which transitional restrictions on the freedom of movement of persons still apply).
Conditions of issue.
A family permit would be issued if the applicant is the spouse, civil partner or dependent child of an EEA national and they were travelling to the UK with that person. There were also requirements connected to the need for the EEA person, if staying for more than three months, to be economically active or to be a self-sufficient person (called "exercising a treaty right") and for the family unit not to fall dependent upon public funds while in the United Kingdom.
If staying for less than three months, there was no need to exercise any treaty right.
McCarthy case.
The legality of the EEA family permit requirement was challenged before the European Court of Justice in "R (McCarthy) v Home Secretary". Although an English High Court judge, Justice Haddon-Cave, had ruled against the McCarthys, he had decided to refer the matter to the European Court.
On 20 May 2014, Advocate General Maciej Szpunar issued an opinion in favour of the McCarthys, holding that the family permit requirement violated EU law. His opinion was advisory only, but the opinions of Advocates General are followed by the Court in most cases. On 18 December 2014, the Court of Justice ruled in favour of the McCarthys, reaffirming the Advocate General's opinion.

</doc>
<doc id="6945900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945900" title="If We Were a Movie">
If We Were a Movie

"If We Were a Movie" is a pop song by American recording artist and actress Miley Cyrus. She performed the song as Hannah Montana – the alter ego of Miley Stewart, a character she plays on the Disney Channel television series "Hannah Montana". "If We Were a Movie" was written by Jeannie Lurie and Holly Mathis, and was produced by Antonina Armato and Tim James. The song was released as a promotional single for the special of the soundtrack, "Hannah Montana". The song has teen pop influences.
In the United States, the song peaked at number forty-seven on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and within the top forty on the Pop 100. Its appearance on the "Billboard" Hot 100 made Cyrus the first act to have six songs debut on the chart in the same week. A music video for "If We Were a Movie" was taken from footage of a Hannah Montana Radio Disney concert performance.
The song was later re-recorded as a duet with fellow Disney Channel actor Corbin Bleu for the "Hannah Montana 3" soundtrack album.
Background and composition.
Written by Jennie Lurie and Holly Mathis, and produced by Antonina Armato and Tim James, "If We Were a Movie" is a teen pop song that lasts three minutes and three seconds. Heather Phares of Allmusic considered "If We Were a Movie" a "clever" and "catchy" song, with a "sharper-than-average songwriting". It was released as a b-side to "The Best of Both Worlds" in foreign countries on February 20, 2007.
A karaoke version appears on "Disney's Karaoke Series: Hannah Montana" (2007), while a remixed version appears on "Hits Remixed" (2008). The song first premiered on Radio Disney in order to promote the series and soundtrack. The song was later released as a duet with Corbin Bleu on the third "Hannah Montana" soundtrack.
Reception.
As it was not released as a single in the United States, "If We Were a Movie" received exclusive airplay on Radio Disney, thus its chart appearances consisted mainly of digital downloads. Following the release of the "Hannah Montana" soundtrack, the song entered "Billboard"'s Hot Digital Songs Chart at number twenty, which led to an appearance on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on the week ending November 11, 2006. "If We Were a Movie" debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at its peak of forty-seven, thus becoming Cyrus as Montana's highest charting song from the album, and one of the songs to make Cyrus the first act to have six songs debut on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the same week. It dropped from the chart in the succeeding week. The song also peaked at number thirty-eight on the now-defunct Pop 100 Chart.
Promotion.
Three different live performances have been prominently used for promotional music videos. Cyrus as Montana debuted the song at Walt Disney World Resort's Typhoon Lagoon on June 23, 2006. The video was aired on Disney Channel, along with performances of "The Best of Both Worlds", "I Got Nerve" and "This is the Life". Another live performance from Radio Disney's 10th Birthday Concert was also used as a music video on Disney Channel. The third live performance was on The Cheetah Girls' The Party's Just Begun Tour and also served as a music video.

</doc>
<doc id="6945903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945903" title="Basket flower">
Basket flower



</doc>
<doc id="6945904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945904" title="Matt Harrold">
Matt Harrold

Matthew James Harrold (born 25 July 1984) is an English former professional footballer who played as a forward and is currently loans manager at AFC Bournemouth.
Harrold has had numerous previous clubs including Wycombe Wanderers, Southend United, Grays Athletic, Harlow Town, Brentford, Yeovil Town, Shrewsbury Town, Crawley Town and Leyton Orient as well as loan spells at Grimsby Town, Dagenham &amp; Redbridge and Cambridge United.
Playing career.
Early career.
He is a former pupil of Trinity Catholic High School, Woodford Green, he was initially a product of Southend United's youth set-up, although he departed for non-league football and played at Grays Athletic, Wingate &amp; Finchley and Harlow Town.
Brentford.
2003–04 season.
Brentford signed Harrold from Harlow Town in July 2003. He showed early promise in the 2003–04 season when he scored a hat-trick against non-league Gainsborough Trinity in the FA Cup, which made him the youngest-ever Brentford player to score a hat-trick. Later that season he also scored crucial goals in the league against Colchester United and future club Wycombe Wanderers to help Brentford to safety.
2004–05 season.
The following season, 2004–05. he was loaned out twice. His first loan was to Dagenham &amp; Redbridge in the Conference. He scored on his debut against Accrington Stanley but didn't score again in 3 more appearances for the club. Upon his return to Brentford he played as a substitute in their memorable 2–2 draw at Premier League side Southampton in the FA Cup fifth round. However shortly afterwards he was sent out on loan again, to Grimsby Town. He again scored on his debut, this time against Oxford United, and scored again in his second appearance against Boston United. However these would be his only 2 goals for the club and he returned to Brentford again to help in their promotion push. Brentford made it into the playoffs but lost in the semifinals to Sheffield Wednesday.
Yeovil Town.
Harrold signed for Yeovil in 2005 for an undisclosed small fee. He was signed by manager Gary Johnson, but within months Johnson had left to become manager of Bristol City. However, Harrold went on to score 9 league goals in his only full season at the club. Highlights included a brace in a 4–3 win at Scunthorpe United and a goal against former club Brentford.
Southend United.
Harrold joined Southend after a long-running summer transfer saga which ended with him being signed an hour before the transfer deadline on 31 August 2006. He scored his first goal for Southend against West Bromwich Albion on 16 September 2006. Over the next two seasons he only managed 5 further goals in all competitions.
Wycombe Wanderers.
2008–09 season.
Harrold joined Wycombe on 1 September 2008 on a free transfer on a two-year contract after being released by Southend. On 4 October 2008, he scored his first goal in a Wycombe shirt in a 3–1 home win over Bournemouth. On 10 November 2008, he went on to score his first hat trick for the club on 10 November in an FA Cup first round match against AFC Wimbledon, which Wycombe went on to win 4–1. 2 weeks later he netted 2 goals, which led to a 4–2 win over Port Vale. He added another goal to his tally a week later in a 2–0 win away at Notts County. On 20 December 2008, he scored the match winning goal for Wycombe away at Shrewsbury. 6 days later he netted Wycombes only goal in a 1–1 draw with Exeter City. 15-day later on 3 January 2009, he scored for Wycombe in 2–0 win over Bury. On 31 January 2009, he scored Wycombe's only goal of the match in a 3–1 loss away at Bournemouth. 7 Days later he scored an 80th-minute goal which won Wycombe's match against Accrington Stanley; this was the last goal Matt Harrold scored for Wycombe in the 2008–09 season.
2009–10 season.
He scored his first goal for Wycombe in 2009–10 season in 1–1 draw against his former club Southend, on 18 August 2009. 4 days later he scored in Wycombe's 5–2 loss at Carrow Road.
Harrold was released by Wycombe on 11 May 2010, after the club's relegation to League Two.
Shrewsbury Town.
2010–11 season.
In July 2010, Harrold was on trial at Swedish Superettan club Örgryte IS, before joining Shrewsbury Town. On 10 August 2010, he scored his first goal for Shrewsbury in a 4–3 win over Charlton Athletic. On 21 August 2010, he was red carded in 1–1 draw against Aldershot after receiving his second yellow card. On 28 August 2010, Harrold scored a goal in the 4–0 rout against Stockport County.
Bristol Rovers.
2011–12 season.
Harrold signed for Bristol Rovers in June 2011, for an undisclosed fee on a two-year contract. He scored his first goal for the club on his debut against Wimbledon, in which they won 3–2. He scored his second goal of the season against in the 2–2 draw on 10 September 2011 against Bradford City. His first home goal won the game for Bristol Rovers against Northampton Town. He converted his first penalty in a 2–0 home win against Dagenham &amp; Redbridge, on 29 October 2011. On 26 December 2011, he scored 2 first half goals in a home match against West Country rivals Plymouth Argyle, which rovers went on to lose 3–2 after leading 2–0 at half time. 5 days later he scored a goal in Bristol Rovers 5–2 loss against Crewe Alexandra at the Memorial Stadium. He went on a 5-game goal drought before scoring his next goal, which was scored against local rivals Torquay United. 10 days later he scored another goal against Plymouth Argyle at Home Park on 20 March 2012, which Rovers drew 1–1. On 14 April 2012, he added two more goals to his tally in 7–1 rout against Burton Albion, and another two in a 5–1 victory for Bristol Rovers at home to Accrington Stanley.
In his first season at Bristol Rovers, he went on to score 18 goals and finished as the club's leading scorer for the season.
2012–13 season.
Harrold started the season with goals against Royal Marines, Tamworth, Paulton Rovers and Coventry City in pre-season friendly matches.
On 21 August 2012, Harrold scored his first goal in the 2012–13 season for Bristol Rovers, in a 1–1 draw away at Barnet. On 15 September 2012 in a 4–0 loss against Gillingham, Harrold sustained a severe knee injury and was unlikely to feature in any more games in 2012–13 season for Bristol Rovers. However, Harrold made a substitute appearance in the final game of the season against Torquay, scoring in the last minute, to the delight of Rovers fans, players and staff.
Crawley Town.
On 27 June 2014, Harrold joined League One side Crawley Town after impressing manager John Gregory while playing for Rovers against Crawley in the FA Cup the previous season.
2014–15 season.
Harrold made his first appearance for the club on 30 August 2014, coming on as a 77th minute substitute for Gwion Edwards away at Milton Keynes Dons. He scored his first goal for Crawley on 18 October 2014; a 55th-minute strike in a 5–3 defeat at Notts County. In a 2–2 draw at home to Milton Keynes Dons on 10 January 2015, Harrold played 50 minutes in goal following Crawley goalkeeper Brian Jensen dislocating his finger. Despite conceding a last-minute equaliser, Harrold won the Man of the Match award. After the match, Harrold told BBC Surrey "I've never played in goal before. Not even in training. I got pressured into it because everyone just looked at me and said 'you're big'. It's a bit embarrassing because it's my first man of the match for the club."
In his first season at Crawley, he made 23 appearances for the club, scoring once.
Cambridge United (loan).
On 23 February 2015, Harrold joined League Two side Cambridge United on a loan until the end of the season. He scored once in 7 appearances for Cambridge.
2015–16 season.
Harrold scored his first goal of the 2015–16 for Crawley on 29 September 2015, scoring Crawley's third of the match in a 3–0 win at Newport County. He suffered a knee injury in April 2016, ruling him out for the rest of the season. Harrold made 39 appearances in all competitions, scoring 9 times. Harrold signed a new one-year contract in June 2016, keeping him at the club until the summer of 2017.
2016–17 season.
Following a long recovery from his knee injury, Harrold suffered an Achilles tendon injury in September 2016. Harrold suffered a second Achilles tendon injury in December 2016, ruling him out for the following three months. Following the sacking of Dermot Drummy in May 2017, Harold was placed in caretaker charge of Crawley for their final game of the season. In the 2016–17, Harrold made 15 appearances, scoring once. He signed a one-year contract extension in June 2017.
2017–18 season.
Harrold made two league appearances for Crawley prior to his transfer to Leyton Orient. Upon signing for Leyton Orient, Harrold told the club's website "I would just like to thank everyone at Crawley Town for the past three seasons, I have loved playing for the club."
Leyton Orient.
On 31 August 2017, Harrold signed for Leyton Orient on a two-year deal following three seasons at Crawley. He made his debut for the club 2 days later in a 4–1 home victory over Guiseley in which Harrold headed in the third for Orient with Macauley Bonne grabbing a hat-trick.
Coaching career.
In August 2020, Harrold joined the coaching staff at Leyton Orient, putting an end to his playing career.
On 23 February 2022, following the sacking of first-team manager Kenny Jackett, Harrold was made interim manager of Leyton Orient, assisted by academy manager Brian Saah. His first match in caretaker charge saw his side lose at home to fellow relegation battlers Carlisle United, leaving the O's just three points clear of the relegation zone. On 9 March 2022, the permanent appointment of Richie Wellens was announced with Harrold returning to his original role in the coaching set-up.
On 19 April 2024, Leyton Orient confirmed that Harrold would depart the club at the end of the 2023–24 season to join Premier League club AFC Bournemouth.
Style of play.
Former manager Paul Buckle said "He is strong, and solid target man but he is also good with the ball into his feet - he is a class act", whilst his manager at Crawley, Dermot Drummy, stated that Harrold could 'handle himself physically', and that his touch and positional and team play is 'excellent'.
Honours.
Wycombe Wanderers
Leyton Orient

</doc>
<doc id="6945905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945905" title="Toots Thielemen">
Toots Thielemen



</doc>
<doc id="6945906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945906" title="Paul Geraghty">
Paul Geraghty

Paul Geraghty (born 3 May 1959, in Durban, South Africa) is a British based author and illustrator of children's picture books. He also writes teenage fiction and won the Young Africa Award for his first novel "Pig".
Background.
His master read "Fine Arts and English" at Natal University, South Africa and holds a Higher Diploma in Education. After teaching for two years in Cape Town he took a copywriter's job in advertising. There he met John Bush, who would later go on to collaborate with him on three picture books. Since 1986 he has lived in London, UK.
Geraghty’s picture books typically centre on wildlife/environmental themes, either treated in a highly realistic manner, rich in detail, or irreverently stylised, usually illustrated in watercolour. Translated into over 20 languages internationally, his work has won various awards, including the Red House Children's Book Award for Solo in 1996.
In 2008, he translated the ancient Indian ethical treatise of the Tirukkural into Fijian.
A frequent lecturer and live illustrator on the literary circuit, he is renowned for his inspirational, if eccentric style with audiences of all ages.
He is also a musician, photographer and extensive traveller.

</doc>
<doc id="6945908" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945908" title="Non-aligned country">
Non-aligned country



</doc>
<doc id="6945911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945911" title="Norske Skog Skogn">
Norske Skog Skogn

Norske Skog Skogn AS is a pulp mill and paper mill situated in Levanger Municipality, Norway, which produces newsprint. Situated on the Fiborgtangen peninsula in Skogn, the mill has three paper machines with a total annual capacity of 600,000 tonnes. Pulp is produced both from virgin fibers at an on-site thermomechanical pulp (TMP) mill and from recycled paper at a deinking (DIP) mill. Part of Norske Skog, it is the sole remaining newsprint mill in Norway.
Proposals for a mill came from the Norwegian Forest Owners Association, who wanted a major industrial facility to buy lumber in Central Norway. Originally named Nordenfjelske Treforedling AS, the company was incorporated on 1 March 1962. Forest owner associations held a majority of the shares and the mill was long considered part of the agricultural cooperatives. The first lumber was delivered on 1 March 1966 and the first paper machine, PM1, became operation on 15 September. PM2 started running on 14 November 1967. After buying Van Severen and Ranheim Papirfabrikk, the company took the name Norske Skog in 1972 and gradually expanded beyond their inaugural mill at Skogn.
A TMP mill was installed 1977, but not until a series of upgrades were completed in 1992 could the former grindstone production be scrapped and the need to buy sulfite cellulose could be dropped. PM3 became operational on 23 June 1981. The machines have been through several major upgrades, the most extensive in the late 1980s and early 2000s. A deinking mill became operational in June 2000. Proposals for PM4, which would have produced magazine paper, were abandoned after the plans to build a gas-powered on-site thermal power plant were scrapped by Industrikraft Midt-Norge.
History.
Planning.
In the period following the Second World War the wood industry in Trøndelag was outdated and had limited capacity. Forest-owners were forced to sell large portions of their lumber to industries in Eastern Norway. The long distances and hence transport costs cut into the prices, giving the forest-owners reduced revenue. At the time the forest industry was until 1957 organized through a price regulation mechanism, with maximum prices for lumber set by the government. Prices were set through negotiations between forest owner associations, organized by drainage system, and the industry.
The initiative for establishing a major industry for lumber Nordenfjells was therefore both based on the desire for proximity as well as the desire for the forest owners themselves to own the mill. Plans were therefore gradually articulated within the Norwegian Forest Owners Association and its chapters. Various proposals were made, including expanding Folla Bruk, or building new mills either in Namdalen or Helgeland. Formal talks were initiated at a meeting held between the regional forest owners associations on 14 June 1958, initially discussing the possibilities of establishing a mill in Stjørdal Municipality. Central in the initiative was Ivar Aavatsmark and Anders B. Werp. This led to the establishment of the Forest Owners Industrial Committee Nordenfjelds on 8 December. An important preliminary work was the calculation that Central Norway had a chronic overproduction of of lumber annually, which needed to be allocated to new industry.
Negotiations with the Ministry of Industry and the Ministry of Agriculture commenced in January 1959. One issue which lay in the air was that the government might want to instead establish a government-owned mill, similar to Norsk Jernverk which had recently opened. The ministries gave a preliminary support to the forest owners' proposal, allowing funding for further investigations. This ultimately led to Nordenfjell Commission being established on 19 June 1959. It had three members each from the government, forest owners and the forest industry. The commission was set to consider the mill's location, the amount of lumber it needed, processing techniques as well and financing and ownership issues. A pulp mill was considered, based on recently abandoned proposals for one in Kirkenes, a site found to be too remote. The commission recommended unanimously on 27 January 1961 that the mill be organized as a cooperative, that it receive one paper machine with an annual output of 100,000 tonnes, a mechanical pulp mill with an annual production of 80,000 tonnes and 20,000 tonnes of pulp produced through the sulfite process.
Representatives for the forest owners traveled in February 1961 to Finland to inspect cooperative mills there. The Norwegian Forest Owners Association approved the plans on 20 March. The main opposition to the mill came from the other forest industry companies in the country. Follum Fabrikker proposed that they could build a new mill in Trøndelag, and offered to allow forest owners and the government receive a third of the ownership each.
Instead of organizing the company as a cooperative proper, the new company was to be an aksjeselskap where the various forest owner associations would purchase a majority stake. The reason for avoiding a cooperative proper was that it would have difficulties raising the necessary capital. The forest-owner domination was retained based on the experience from the purchase of Borregaard in 1919, where the direct ownership of forest owners had been gradually diluted and had ultimately lost control. The central and southern associations had sufficient capital to simply pay out, while forest-owners Nordensfjells were charged a six-percent fee on all lumber for five years to secure sufficient equity.
The shares were offered for sale on 30 October 1961, with a total value of NOK 49 million. The forest owner associations purchased shares for NOK 28 million. This consisted of NOK 12 million by the southern associations, NOK 11 million by the northern associations, and NOK 5 million by the central organization. NOK 10 million of the shares were offered on the open market, with individual forest-owners encouraged to buy shares. NOK 5 million was bought by various agricultural cooperatives and the same amount by Nord-Trøndelag County Municipality. The remaining NOK 7 million State-owned Land and Forest Company. Securing the remaining NOK 125 million through loans proved to be more difficult. The District Development Fund issued a NOK 50-million loan, while the rest was eventually split between Vesta and Hambros Bank.
Construction.
Nordenfjelske Treforedling A/S was incorporated on 1 March 1962, initially registered in Trondheim. The annual meeting elected Reidar Due as the board's chairman. One of the issues the company had to address was the location of the mill. Sites were considered in Namsos, Steinkjer, Verdal, Skogn, Stjørdal and Orkdal. The government pressed for it to be located near Namsos, but on 5 December the board chose unanimously to locate it at Fiborgtangen in Skogn. The peninsula had bedrock, which was needed to support the up to 3000-tonne paper machines, and there was sufficient space for five machines. There was also a shallow bay which could be filled in to store lumber. There was ample access for fresh water. The site was located next to the Nordland Line, European Road E6 and was on the ice-free part of the Trondheimsfjord, allowing for good transport. In addition to being located centrally in the forest-rich Trøndelag, it was near routes to the Swedish forests in Jämtland.
Initially the plans had called for a single paper machine with an annual production capacity of . In the midst of construction the issue of building a second machine was raised. There was an overproduction of chemical pulp and this could be bought cheaply and easily. An additional of pulpwood would be needed; this could be secured from Jämtland. There was a certain political opposition, especially in the Conservative Party, with concerns that it would lead to an overdemand for lumber. The second machine, PM2, received political approval, and was approved by the annual meeting on 10 April 1964. The extra NOK 75 in funding was secured through issuing additional shares, bringing the share equity to NOK 64 million. The rest was borrowed.
The company contracted Jaakko Pöyry to design the mill. Fifteen homes had to be abandoned to build the mill, which took over an area of . This included of agricultural land. Fiborgtangen was leveled by removing of earthwork in addition to bedrock which was blasted. This included the island of Valøya. The lumber harbor was dredged of of earthwork, while on the opposite side of the site a port was built. The leveling was completed in mid 1964, after which work on the actual mill building started. Total building area measured , of which the paper machine halls filled in a hall measuring . The first ship, with steel to the oil tanks, docked on 2 September 1965.
Delivery of the first parts of the paper machine, manufactured by Valmet, took place in late December. Water was provided by Levanger Municipality from the lake of Hoklingen. Supply was provided through of tunnels and of pipes. By agreement the mill could use of water each second. A branch road was built from the E6 and a branch railway line was built from Skogn Station. An agreement secured 300 gigawatthours per year of electricity from Nord-Trøndelag Elektrisitetsverk. Construction cost NOK 31 million, making it at the time the most expensive privately funding industrial complex in Norway.
The first lumber was delivered to the mill on 1 March 1966, months before the mill was completed. The company used the time to establish a buffer of lumber. The company started courses opened to all interested to attract potential workers. PM1 was started on 15 September at 23:00. PM2 started operations on 14 November 1967. By then the company had a staff of 417 employees. In their original configuration the two paper machines had a production of per minute. Most of the lumber came from an effectivization program carried out in the woods, through construction of more roads and increased mechanization, allow the workload per cubic meter of wood to drop to a fifth during the 1960s. This allowed more marginal areas to be logged.
The village of Skogn had previously been concentrated around Skogn Station. The opening of the mill caused the area to experience rapid expansion. Two new subdivisions were built around the village – Holåsen for engineers and functionaries and Holsandlia for foremen. The increased population was key to the development of Skogn reaching a population of 2,400 and has helped develop the village and its services.
Early operation.
Only ten percent of the newsprint production could be sold domestically. The main Norwegian competitors, Union Co. and Follum, had joined forces with Swedish and Finnish counterparts to form the newsprint sales organization Scannews. Nordenfjelske was barred for entering the cartel and instead chose to ally with Borregaard. They formed the joint venture Borregaard &amp; Nordenfjelske on 1 October 1964, in anticipation for Borregaard to start their own newsprint mill. This continued onwards even after Borregaard shelved their newsprint plans.
Contracts were predominantly signed for one year at a time. Sixty-one percent of the production the first year was exported to Western Europe, while thirty percent was shipped intercontinentally. The company gradually established a series of sales offices and contracted agents globally. The organization varied somewhat. In for instance Germany and the United Kingdom subsidiaries were eventually established. In the Netherlands and Belgium this was conducted through joint ventures.
Nordenfjelske branded its newsprint as Nornews and adapted the slogan "Nornews is good news". The standard newsprint was at the time 52 g/m2. Nordenfjelske also produced a lighter 45 g/m2 intended for newspapers and 40 g/m2 for directories. Shortly afterwards improved quality newsprint was launched under the Norfi brand, and Norweb was produced optimized for offset printing.
The 1960s represented a period with record-high growth rates in paper consumption. The company made a profit of NOK 19.4 million during its first year of production. However, the increased consumption was initially met also with increased production, through several new paper machines in Europe. From 1968 demand exceeded production, resulting in high margins. The mill made a NOK 30-million profit in 1968, rising to NOK 47 million two years later. The company was listed on Oslo Stock Exchange's list of non-listed companies on 1 July 1969, followed by a main listing on Trondheim Stock Exchange from 2 January 1970.
Meanwhile, Nordenfjelske started looking at the supply of sulfate pulp, of which it needed an annual supply of 40,000 tonnes. Proposals called for a sulfate pulp mill at Fiborgtangen, but this was met by opposition locally due to the concerns of the smell. Ranheim Papirfabrik in Trondheim was at the time considering building a new pulp mill at Ranheim and proposed that it increase the output to 140,000 tonnes annually in order to also supply Fiborgtangen.
This resulted in Nordenfjelske entering negotiations with Ranheim in 1969 about mering the two companies. A primary concern was to concentrate the purchasing of lumber in Central Norway. This caused Nordenfjelske to also start negotiating an acquisition with Van Severen, the largest sawmill in the region, situated in Namsos. Although there was a slight opposition from the authorities, 97 percent of Van Severen was bought in late 1970, followed by a take-over of Ranheim on 1 July 1971. A Swedish subsidiary was established on 1 May 1970 with responsibility for procuring pulpwood from Sweden. Within a few years imports reached . The acquisitions resulted in Nordenfjelske becoming a concern, where the factor at Fiborgtangen merely was the largest mill. The group took the name Norske Skogindustrier ("Norwegian Forest Industries") and started trading as Norske Skog on 28 April 1972. The mill at Fiborgtangen was oftentimes referred to as Nordenfjelske.
TMP and PM3.
The early 1970s saw the transformation to more automated processes. The accounting systems were transferred to computers in 1970, followed by the paper machines in 1972 and 1973. These systems automatically measured the water content of the pulp at various stages and then adjusted the input factors as needed. PM1 was renovated and upgraded in a two-month period in 1975. This followed the standardization of newsprint to 48.8 g/m2 as well as optimized the paper for offset printing. This and other refinements allowed the speed of the paper machine to increase to 900 meters per minute, up from 430 at start-up.
The next step was introduction of a new pulp process, thermomechanical pulp (TMP), replacing the former grindstone mechanical pulping. TMP allowed for more long fibers to be retained, thus improving the strength. This allowed for cellulose content to be dropped from fifteen percent, which would allow for cost-savings along with faster processing through the paper machines. The first TMP machine was installed in 1977, with a daily capacity of 120 tonnes.
Because the TMPs were a closed system, it allowed for recycling of heat, which cut oil considerably. A thermocompression system was installed between 1980 and 1982, allowing the oil consumption use for the entire mill to be cut by between a third and a fourth.
The 1973–75 recession hit the demand for newsprint hard, and from 1973 to 1978 the mill experienced low prices, high inflation, increasing energy and lumber prices combined with a stagnation of newsprint prices. Meanwhile, the company was working on establishing a third paper machine, PM3. Formal work commenced in 1972 and the corporate assembly approved the plans on 5 December 1977, giving the board freedom to proceed as was deemed favorable.
Several of the small pulp mills in Norway were struggling through the 1970s. Exports were decimated with the bankruptcy of key British paper mills were combined with small-scale and thus high-cost production. Meanwhile, new environmental restriction required all-new plants. Pulp mills were therefore being closed throughout the country. Several politicians proposed that a new paper machine should be located elsewhere, and locations such as Namsos and Lauvsnes were mentioned as sites, as these had recently lost pulp mills. Norske Skog retained that without placing PM3 at Fiborgtangen the project would lose its profitability.
PM3 cost NOK 700 million, financed through a combination of new share issues, loans and export credits. The work included expanding the TMP from 100 to 600 tonnes per day, and a new thermal power plant for bark. PM3 became operational on 23 June 1981. The machine would require a further of lumber and produce 140,000 tonnes of newsprint, bringing the mill's total annual production to 380,000 tonnes. However, the opening coincided with a decline in newsprint demand, resulting in the machines running at reduced capacity. To supply its cellulose, Norske Skog teamed up with other Norwegian paper mills and established Tofte Industrier in Hurum Municipality.
Consolidation.
Fiborgtangen had about 700 employees during the 1980s. From 1984 and the following years there was an increase in newsprint demand. Customers demanded better quality paper, particularly aimed at more advanced offset printing and color printing. To remain competitive Norske Skog needed both to improve quality and cut production costs. This was achieved through the rationalization program NT90, which ran from 1986 through 1991. Total costs reached NOK 2 billion. A quarter of this was financed through issuing new shares.
PM1 and PM2 were rebuilt, while PM3 received an overhaul and minor upgrades. The TMPs were also upgraded, allowing the original mechanical pulp mill from the 1960s to be shut down. By 1992 Fiborgtangen received ninety-eight percent of its fibers from TMP, cutting the use of cellulose to two percent. A new debarking plant was installed, allowing logs to be debarked in full length. The lumber harbor was filled in and lumber storage was moved to land, where they were more easily accessible. Wood choppings were stored heaps, easing access. The paper storage and docks were expanded, and a new wing was added to the office building. NT90 allowed total production to increase from 400,000 to 500,000 tonnes annually.
Norske Skog merged with Follum and Tofte on 13 October 1989, with the newly merged company retaining the Norske Skog name and brand. The corporation's head office remained at Fiborgtangen. Newsprint prices fell dramatically during the early 1990s, so that the company went with a loss despite the cost cuts.
Paper recycling became common abroad during the 1980s and subsequently the Ministry of the Environment initiated proceedings to secure a source for domestic paper reuse. This led to an agreement in 1992 between Norske Skog and the ministry, in which the company obliged themselves to build a recycling plant for 100,000 tonnes, in exchange for access to the scrap paper. There was an internal consideration of which mill to build the recycling plant at, and ultimately Skogn was preferred over Follum in a board decision made in August 1993. Skogn was selected because it created mostly standard newsprint and exported to the European market which demanded high deinked pulp (DIP) content.
The initial agreement called for the deinking plant to be completed by 1996. However, concerns regarding increased investment costs and price fluctuation kept postponing the investment decision. The board approved the plans in February 1998 and construction began in early 1999. By then the scale had increased and the capacity increased to 170,000 tonnes. Operations began in June 2000.
With the deregulation of the electricity market in the 1990s, Norske Skog was concerned regarding its purchasing price of power. An agreement was struck in 1998 with Statkraft to purchase necessary power to an agreed-upon price until 2020. The company also started working on plans for a thermal power station at Fiborgtangen, which could be fired by natural gas from the Heidrun Oil Field. This would be supplied through a proposed gas pipeline from Tjeldbergodden. Norske Skog allied with Elkem and Statoil to create Industrikraft Midt-Norge. Permission was granted in 2001 for a plant with an annual output of 6.4 terawatt-hours. However, high gas prices compared to electricity prices meant that the power station was never economically viable and was never built.
Parallel these plans, Norske Skog considered the possibility of building a fourth paper machine at Fiborgtangen. PM4 was planned to produce magazine paper, but was dependent on the thermal power station to receive sufficient power. Between the two investments were stipulated to between NOK 7 and 8 billion. The investments were placed on hold of several factors. One was a general decline in the demand for paper, and general increasing costs in Norway, making Noske Skog prefer investments in their foreign mills. Another reason was that Norske Skog spent most of its capital purchasing foreign mills in an attempt to become a dominant worldwide manufacturer of newsprint and magazine paper.
The company also worked on plans to build a container port at Fiborgtangen. In addition to serving the company's own needs, it hoped to establish a transshipment facility which would allow the port to serve all of Trøndelag, as well as transit freight from Norrland in Sweden.
Newsprint prices dropped in 2003, and the mill presented a profit of NOK 201 million—the worst in twenty years. The company took advantage to take the paper machines out of production to allow them to be maintained, upgraded and the speed increased. The mill also cuts its staff from 610 to 515. Fiborgtangen produced 519,000 tonnes in 2003. The ensuing decade saw a gradual reduction in the demand for newsprint. Further rationalizations were carried out, reducing the number of employees to 370 by 2014. Norske Skog decided to consolidate its newsprint production in Norway to Skogn, closing down Norske Skog Unionin March 2006 and Norske Skog Follum in March 2012.
After having used Lys Line and DFDS Tor Line, later DFDS Logistics, as their shipping partner since 2003, a new tender shifted the operator to Sea-Cargo. PM1 was in 2013 switched to an improved newsprint, typically used for supplements and which allowed for better prices. The following year Norske Skog established an industrial park at Fiborgtangen, attracting several smaller companies to establish themselves on the premises.
Operations.
Norske Skog Skogn AS is organized as an aksjeselskap and a wholly owned subsidiary of Norske Skogsindustrier. Within the concern it is a separate business unit and one of two mills in Norway, the other being Norske Skog Saugbrugs in Halden Municipality. It is the sole producer of newsprint in Norway. The company had a revenue of NOK 1,768 million in 2013, running with an operational deficit of NOK 26 million. It has 405 employees.
The plant features two sources of pulp – a thermomechanical pulp mill and a deinkling mill. These feed three paper machines, all which produce newsprint. Operations run around the clock, where the process and supervisory workers work in five shifts.
Production.
The plan has two value chains to produce pulp. The first is thermomechanical process, which is fed chippings directly from external sources, as well as on-side chopping of lumber. The bark from the lumber is extracted and used in as on-site heating. The second source of pulp is from recycled paper, sourced both domestically and through import. The recycled paper goes through a deinking process before becoming usable deinkled pulp (DIP). A small portion of calcium carbonate is added to the pulp before processing.
The mill has three paper machines, all which produce newsprint. PM1 is also able to produce improved newsprint. All three use mix of virgin and recycled fibers, with PM3 utilizing 45 percent DIP, while the other two run at 20 percent. Total annual capacity is 600,000 tonnes. Production was at 451,000 tonnes in 2014.
The following is a list of the three paper machines and their production variables – the newsprint's trimmed width, the paper type, the annual production capacity in tonnes, and the deinked pulp (DIP) content in percent.
The mill consumed 1,079 GWh of electric power in 2014 and of water. All heating is produced through biofuels or recycling from the TMP mills. The main bio sources are bark from lumber and recycled slam from the decontamination processes from process water. The mill uses 405 GWh annually of recycled heat and 348 GWh from bioheat.
Logistics.
The plant used of pine, of wood chippings, 160,000 tonnes of recycled paper and 31,000 tonnes of fillings as its fiber sources in 2014. About of this arrives by train, the rest a mix of trucks and by sea.
Import of recycled paper and export of newsprint have been subcontracted to Sea-Cargo. This is carried out through three purpose-built sidedoor vessels. Between them they operate routes to Clydeport, Belfast, Sheerness, Amsterdam, Hamburg and Kolding. "Lysblink" has a deadweight tonnage of 7,500 tonnes, and has a deck area of . MV "Trans Dania" has a deadweight tonnage of 5,353 tonnes, and has a deck area of . MV "Nordic" has a deadweight tonnage of 4,968 tonnes, and has a deck area of . Sea voyages depart twice weekly out of the on-facility port.
Lumber is hauled by train from Formofoss Lumber Terminal in Grong Municipality twice per week, one weekly train arrives from Jämtland via the Meråker Line, and there is a weekly train from Koppang Lumber Terminal on the Røros Line. The mill has a branch line from the Nordland Line just south of Skogn Station, branching off at from Trondheim Central Station. The branch is long and runs through a loop at Fiborgtangen. There is a tunnel on the branch.

</doc>
<doc id="6945912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945912" title="Slavisa Dvorancic">
Slavisa Dvorancic



</doc>
<doc id="6945913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945913" title="The Loves of Madame Dubarry">
The Loves of Madame Dubarry

I Give My Heart (US-Title: The Loves of Madame Dubarry) is a 1935 British historical film adapted from the stage operetta "The DuBarry" by Carl Millöcker and arranged by Theo Mackeben. Directed by Marcel Varnel, and produced by British International Pictures (BIP). It is based on the life of Madame Du Barry.
Plot.
Jeanne is a milliner courted by aristocrats. She first has an affair with René, a young writer for Count du Barry. She then marries the Count in order to become Louis XV's mistress.
Critical reception.
Allmovie described it as "standard historical-drama fare, allowing dozens of top European actors to play "dress-up" for 90 minutes"; while "TV Guide" noted "A rather stiff British production that is well done but not compelling," rating it 2/5 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="6945916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945916" title="Boutonniere flower">
Boutonniere flower



</doc>
<doc id="6945918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945918" title="I love you goodbye">
I love you goodbye



</doc>
<doc id="6945920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945920" title="Paul geraghty">
Paul geraghty



</doc>
<doc id="6945924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945924" title="Hit Me with Your Best Shot">
Hit Me with Your Best Shot

"Hit Me with Your Best Shot" is a song recorded by American rock singer Pat Benatar and written by Eddie Schwartz. In 1980, it was released as the second single from her second album "Crimes of Passion", which became her biggest-selling album. It hit No. 7 in "Cash Box", and reached No. 9 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming her first Top 10 hit in the US. It was particularly popular on album-rock radio stations, peaking at number 1 on the US Tunecaster Rock Tracks chart. It was also a Top 10 hit in Canada, although the only other country in which it charted was Australia where it reached the Top 40.
"Hit Me with Your Best Shot" sold well over a million copies in the U.S., achieving a gold certification by the RIAA. The song is one of Benatar's most recognizable tracks. Heard at many baseball and soccer games, the song has been featured on many compilation albums, including both multi-artist works as well as those just focusing on Benatar (such as "10 Great Songs" and "Greatest Hits").
In a 2022 interview, Benatar told "USA Today" that she would no longer perform the song in protest of mass shootings in the United States. "(The title) is tongue-in-cheek, but you have to draw the line. I can't say those words out loud with a smile on my face, I just can't," she explained. "I'm not going to go on stage and soapbox - I go to my legislators - but that's my small contribution to protesting. I'm not going to sing it."
Structure.
Schwartz said that he came up with the title of the song after attending a "pillow punching" therapy session in Toronto, but stated that the title is to be taken metaphorically. The song is in E major and features a general chord progression of I-IV-vi-V, with occasional added chords built on passing and neighboring tones, although Benatar has commented that in hindsight she would have preferred to replace the C♯ minor (vi) chord with F♯ minor (ii).
Covers.
Artists who have performed the song live include singer-songwriter Kelly Clarkson, whose version of "Hit Me with Your Best Shot" received praise by "Time".

</doc>
<doc id="6945925" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945925" title="I am a Mole and I Live in a Hole">
I am a Mole and I Live in a Hole



</doc>
<doc id="6945927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945927" title="Tim Tommerson">
Tim Tommerson



</doc>
<doc id="6945932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945932" title="I Never Told You What I Do For A Living">
I Never Told You What I Do For A Living



</doc>
<doc id="6945936" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945936" title="I Do What I Do (Theme For 9½ Weeks)">
I Do What I Do (Theme For 9½ Weeks)



</doc>
<doc id="6945940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945940" title="I Did What I Did For Maria">
I Did What I Did For Maria



</doc>
<doc id="6945942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945942" title="Lev Khrshchonovich">
Lev Khrshchonovich

Lev Kazimirovich Khrshchonovich (, 1838-1907), last name also spelled Chrśonowicz, Chrszczonowicz, Hrszczonowicz, Hrśonowicz, and Xrşçonoviç, was the chief architect of Kazan in the late 19th century and the early 20th century.
He was a son of Minsk architect Kazimierz Chrśonowicz, an ethnic Pole. Khrshchonovich graduated from the Saint Petersburg Architect School in 1859 and was sent to Kazan. In 1874–1882, he was the Chief Architect of the Kazan Governorate, and in 1883–1907 he held the post of the Chief Engineer of the governorate.
Khrshchonovich designed the Lutheran Church (1870s), the Alafuzov Theatre (1900), the first stone bridge over Bolaq (1907), and he managed the reconstruction of the Roman-Catholic Church (1907). Khrshchonovich was a follower of eclecticism.
He was married to Maria and had a son named Leonid, who also became an engineer.

</doc>
<doc id="6945948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945948" title="List of Nürburgring Nordschleife lap times">
List of Nürburgring Nordschleife lap times

This is a list of lap times achieved by various vehicles on the Nürburgring (Nordschleife). The list itself is broken down into categories.
The Nordschleife.
The Nürburgring Nordschleife "(North Loop)" in Germany, with its remaining long old section dating from 1927, is used by various motoring media outlets and vehicle manufacturers for testing. Manufacturers publish times for promotional purposes while automotive media outlets usually publish times for comparison and reporting purposes. According to "Car and Driver", Nürburgring Nordschleife "record-chasing runs are a universally accepted, objective measure of a car's performance, and shaving seconds gives automakers reasons to grab some headlines." Compared to the current version, the original Nürburgring track was longer and split into three configurations. The entire track, the Gesamtstrecke (see map above) was 28.3 kilometres in length, composed of the Nordschleife (22.8 km), the Südschleife (7.7 km), and the Betonschleife – the latter a short 2 kilometer warm-up loop around the pit area. The lengths of the two segments, when considered separately, add up to more than the whole, since each circuit also incorporated some parts of the Betonschleife.
Timing entities.
Official timing by the Nürburgring.
Along with races and timing events under the rules of their respective sanctioning bodies, the operators of the track have instituted official rules as of 2019 that govern the measurement and certification of lap time on the Nordschleife, with measurement over the full length of the track timed with a flying start. Timekeeping is supervised by a notary and the vehicles are scrutineered with regard to their series-production state.
Timing by media.
The German magazine "sport auto" publishes its "Supertest" of cars, in which the lap time (usually driven by editor-in-chief Horst von Saurma) at the Nordschleife is the most discussed result. The magazine also runs a challenge for the fastest lap time driven with a car that is road legal (TÜV) and registered in Germany. The road legality rule also applies for the tyres.
British motorcycle magazine "Performance Bikes" began testing their bikes in a regular feature at the Nordschleife in March 2007 and finished in December 2007. Bikes were tested by Dale Lomas and Brendan Keirle (then known only as "The Baron"). As with "sport auto", all machines tested are road-legal (MOT) and shod with road-legal Bridgestone BT002 Pro Race tyres. To date there are 28 lap times published in the regular feature. As motorcycles are forbidden to participate in industry pool sessions and after-hours test sessions, "Performance Bikes" were forced to test during quiet mid-week tourist sessions, where speed limits apply in some sections. This means their lap times are measured from bridge to gantry (see below) and are approximately 22 seconds shorter than a full Nordschleife lap.
Nordschleife runs are conducted or observed by various other media outlets, such as the British "Evo Magazine" or "Auto Bild" from Germany.
Timing by manufacturers.
Manufacturers, especially those of sports cars, conduct their own timing runs and publish these for varying purposes. Manufacturers also lend support to private entities or media outlets.
Timing by private drivers.
Some lap times are even claimed to have been done during tourist driving sessions. It is forbidden to race on tourist days. Additionally, there are two speed limits (one in Breidscheid, and one on "Döttinger Höhe") on tourist days.
Controversies.
Nordschleife runs are not without sometimes prominent critics. The British motoring programme "Top Gear" used the Nordschleife for their challenges, often involving Sabine Schmitz. "Top Gear"s James May, however, was very critical of the influence of Nordschleife lap timing, saying that it "corrupts performance when it is used by car makers to develop new models. Testing prototype cars on a circuit is nothing new, obviously: it's probably been going on since someone drove a horseless carriage onto a disused donkey derby track. But the 'Ring, through being communal and open to all, encourages a pointless scrabble for comparative lap times that isn't helping you or me." According to "Popular Science", "beating the 'ring, and making a YouTube video to prove it, is about the best marketing move a sports car company can make, even one that plans to roll only a double-digits'-worth of cars out of its production facility."
The views and definitions differ among automakers and also among journalists. According to Porsche, the Porsche 918 Spyder did set a "Nurburgring record for a street-legal automobile", while the car landed on place 3 on this list behind two Radical SR8. With roof reinforced for safety reasons and observed by sport auto, the record was widely reported by the media. Magazines like "Car and Driver" and the wider automotive industry declared the worldwide street-legal Porsche 918 the new record holder since the SR8 didn't meet full type-approval and only could get British single-vehicle approval.
Two months later, Nissan claimed, which was also widely reported in the media, a ring record for its Nissan GT-R Nismo as "world's fastest volume production car". Engineers later confessed that the car had been "specifically tuned for the Nurburgring" with significant changes from the standard car, including the addition of non-road-legal parts. The Nissan GT-R was fourth place on this list at the time.
Track lengths and timing.
There are varying lap lengths. Therefore, not all of the lap times are comparable.
Full lap.
A full lap of the Nordschleife, bypassing the modern GP track, is long. Most laps are completed about shorter for safety reasons, such as tests performed by Sport Auto, which uses the 20,600 m configuration. Full uninterrupted flying laps can only be done in closed sessions and race events like Castrol-Haugg-Cup.
Bridge to gantry.
During tourist driving sessions, the full main straight cannot be driven at speed due to the exit/entrance. These laps are usually timed "bridge to gantry", which is only . The lap goes from the "bridge" at Antoniusbuche to the "gantry" (currently carrying Audi sponsorship) on Döttinger Höhe.
Lap times.
Automobiles.
Production/street-legal.
A production vehicle is defined as "one that is put into mass production, as a model produced in large numbers and offered for sale to the public". VCA, the United Kingdom's national approval authority for new road vehicles defines a production vehicle as "a vehicle of a make, model and type mass-produced by the vehicle manufacturer". "Guinness World Records" was reported to require a minimum of 30 and other lists within Wikipedia require at least 25 road legal cars built. The Nürburgring is a public (toll-) road, and regulations of Germany and the EU apply. For the purpose of this list, a car is "street legal" if it is registered in at least one EU country for road use.
For new entries, this list requires an official manufacturer's press release for manufacturer-conducted tests. If the test has been conducted by an independent publication, an article in that publication is required. New entries require an original, uncut on-board video, showing the lap and the timing from start to finish. A statement that road legal OEM tyres have been used is required.
Competition.
General Note: International motorsport sanctioning bodies used the 20,832 m Nordschleife variant in 1983 only.

</doc>
<doc id="6945954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945954" title="Balkan Pine">
Balkan Pine



</doc>
<doc id="6945956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945956" title="Flag NF">
Flag NF



</doc>
<doc id="6945961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945961" title="Khrshchonovich">
Khrshchonovich



</doc>
<doc id="6945966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945966" title="Civis Media Prize">
Civis Media Prize

The CIVIS Media Prize for Integration and Cultural Diversity in Europe, or CIVIS Media Prize for short, was founded in 1987 by the Federal Government Commissioner for Foreigners' Issues together with ARD, under the responsibility of Westdeutscher Rundfunk and the Freudenberg Foundation. The CIVIS Media Prize is organised and implemented by the non-profit CIVIS Media Foundation.
Organiser.
The CIVIS Media Prize is organised by the Association of Public Broadcasting Corporations in the Federal Republic of Germany (ARD), represented by WDR, together with the Freudenberg Foundation. ORF, SRG SSR, ARTE, 3sat, phoenix, Deutsche Welle, Deutschlandradio and EBU are media partners. The WDR mediagroup, the German Producers Alliance - Film &amp; Television, VFF - Verwertungsgesellschaft der Film- und Fernsehproduzenten and the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights (FRA), the Open Society Foundations and the Deutsche Postcode Lotterie are cooperation partners.
The CIVIS Media Prize is implemented by the non-profit with the aim of raising awareness of integration and cultural diversity among radio and television programme makers and promoting an innovative and professional approach to developments in the European immigration society. The organisation aims to contribute to intercultural understanding and European integration through the work of the electronic media.
The chairman of the Board of Trustees of the CIVIS Media Foundation is the director general of Westdeutscher Rundfunk, Tom Buhrow. The members of the Board of Trustees, through their activities in civil society, aim to promote the foundation's objectives in the public sphere. The chair of the CIVIS Programme Advisory Board is Jona Teichmann, Programme Director Deutschlandradio.
Competition.
The CIVIS Media Prize is awarded as a European television prize and as a radio prize for German-language programmes in the European Union and Switzerland. In addition, the Young CIVIS Media Prize has been awarded since 2004 to young journalists, as well as students and graduates of film and media schools who are no older than 32. The CIVIS Media Prize and the Young CIVIS Media Prize are endowed. The CIVIS Online Prize has been awarded since 2010. The prize honours journalistic internet content dealing with issues of integration and cultural diversity and presented in a web-friendly graphic and multimedia format. The CIVIS Online Prize is also endowed. Other prizes include the CIVIS Television Prize for magazine programmes and the CIVIS Cinema Prize.
In 2005 and 2006, the European Roma Television Prize was also awarded. In 2008, the CIVIS Media Prize for Integration and Cultural Diversity honoured radio and television reports on the integration of immigrants in companies and their everyday working lives for the first time with the CIVIS Business Prize.
All programme contributions meeting the entry conditions and submitted to the CIVIS Media Foundation within the competition period are eligible to compete for the CIVIS Media Prize.
The international CIVIS Media Prize is awarded each year. The award ceremony will be broadcast live on the Internet. ARD and other television stations will broadcast the award ceremony.
Award winner.
1988.
Television
1989.
Television
Radio
1990.
Television
Radio
1991.
Television
Radio
1992.
Television
1993.
Television
Radio
1994.
Television
Radio
1995.
Television
Radio
1996.
Television
Radio
1997.
Television
Radio
1998.
Television
Radio
1999.
Television
Radio
2000.
Television
Radio
2001.
Television
Radio
2002.
Television
Radio
2003.
Television
Radio
2004.
Television
Radio
2005.
Television
Radio
2006.
Television
Radio
2007.
Television
Radio
2008.
Television
Radio
2009.
Television
Radio
2010.
Television
Radio
Online
2011.
Television
Radio
Online
2012.
Television
Radio
Online
2013.
Television
Radio
Online
2014.
Film
Television
Radio
Online
2015.
Film
Television
Radio
Online
2016.
Film
Television

</doc>
<doc id="6945970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945970" title="Khrshchonovich Lev Kazimirovich">
Khrshchonovich Lev Kazimirovich



</doc>
<doc id="6945975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945975" title="Henry Sylvester Williams (version 2)">
Henry Sylvester Williams (version 2)



</doc>
<doc id="6945976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945976" title="The True Oldies Channel">
The True Oldies Channel

Scott Shannon's True Oldies Channel (also known more recently as "The True Oldies Channel: Greatest Hits") is a radio network begun in the spring of 2004. Originally distributed by ABC Radio Networks via satellite, the service plays a hybrid oldies/classic hits format comprising music mostly from 1964 to 1979 but also plays selected cuts from the 1955-1963 era and also from the 1980s. As of September 22, 2016, it was distributed via United Stations Radio Networks. Since September 2023 it is distributed by Local Radio Networks.
Prior to June 30, 2014; the service had over 100 affiliate stations across the United States. The service is available 24 hours a day online. Some stations ran the format full-time 24/7 while a few others ran it on overnights only. Many member stations, however, generally break away from the program feed at some points during the day to air some local programming, either a local morning show, a local afternoon show, or both; Cumulus also offered "Imus in the Morning" for "The True Oldies Channel" affiliates.
Scott Shannon was the founder, namesake and sole on-air personality (heard at all hours through voice-tracking) at the True Oldies Channel from its founding until he departed Cumulus Media (which had acquired Citadel Broadcasting in 2011, the company that in turn had bought ABC's radio assets in 2007) in February 2014. Weekend and guest hosts included Robby Bridges, Blake Hayes, Jay Michaels and Beaver Cleaver. In March 2014, Westwood One, the service's syndicator, announced it was canceling distribution of the channel at the end of June 2014, with no exact date announced, and planned to replace the service with "Good Time Oldies," a brand previously used by Jones Radio Networks as recently as the mid-2000s. Shannon confirmed the news through the network's Facebook page, but said the network and format is still available for streaming online. Shannon also hinted the possibility of "The True Oldies Channel" returning to the radio airwaves soon. It was unknown at the time who the network's new distributor would be, although SkyView Networks (which is also taking over distribution of ABC's other radio programs in 2015) was a possible candidate, as was United Stations Radio Networks, which teamed with Shannon for a syndicated program slated to air in November 2014.
On September 22, 2016, Scott Shannon and the United Stations Radio Networks struck a deal to relaunch radio syndication of the True Oldies Channel. A handful of radio affiliates, including WZTI in Milwaukee, Wisconsin were test-subjects for the new cloud based distribution created by Synchronicity before the nationwide reinstatement.
On September 6, 2023, two months after the sale of USRN to Gemini XIII, it was announced that syndication of the channel would shift to Local Radio Networks. 
Evolution.
At the time of the station's launch (a time when "real oldies" was experiencing a certain degree of revival on the AM dial), the True Oldies Channel featured only music from 1955 to 1969 with less than ten percent from 1970 to 1973 (for example "Tears of a Clown" and "Burning Love"). The format was 60% 1964 to 1969 (the post-British Invasion era) and 40% 1955 to 1963 (the pre-British Invasion rock and roll/doo-wop era). It was the network's original mission to avoid the trends of other oldies outlets and remain committed to the music produced from the beginning of the rock-and-roll era to the disco era (1955 to 1979), purposefully drawing the line of what they would (originally) never air at 1980. By 2005, oldies from the early 1970s were added in moderation, while the pre-1964 material was cut back slightly. In 2006, more late 1970s music was added and the pre-1964 songs were cut down to 2 or 3 per hour. In March 2008, the pre-1964 music was cut down to one song per hour during the day and twice an hour on overnights; and the hits from the late-1960s and early- to mid-1970s was played in equal amounts. A few 1980s cuts were also added.
On July 7, 2008, The True Oldies Channel further modified its format, dropping all but a couple pre-1964 titles and added a large amount of music from the 1980s, playing a couple per hour. The format was then more of a Classic Hits format and was oldies in name only. This change was short lived and by the end of July they backed off the 1980s music and by August most 1980s' music was gone. A moderate amount of pre-1964 material was also reinstated.
The network's original ban on 1980s music no longer is enforced; songs such as "Take Me Home Tonight" by Eddie Money from 1986 and "Into the Night" by Benny Mardones (1980) occasionally are played on the network. The network now focuses its branding on variety, admitting they too have followed trends toward newer music, but also making sure to retain some of the older music that most oldies stations have abandoned. The majority of the network's programming remains 1960s music, with 1970s music more prominent than it was in the beginning. 1950s and 1980s music are currently played sporadically, less than once an hour; as of the 2014 online revival, Shannon acknowledges the addition of “a few (songs) tossed in from the 80s.”
Growth.
The True Oldies format had experienced significant growth in exposure following cost-cutting measures across Citadel's payroll since the company's acquisition of ABC Radio Networks (and some of its O&amp;O stations) from Disney. Lower performing stations owned by Citadel Broadcasting, such as WYAY (now K-Love owned &amp; operated WAKL) Atlanta, were switched over to True Oldies, sometimes with "Imus in the Morning" as the morning show. WLS-FM Chicago, however, only ran True Oldies Channel overnights and weekends with a similar local oldies format weekdays.

</doc>
<doc id="6945977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945977" title="Theodor Leutwein">
Theodor Leutwein

Theodor Gotthilf Leutwein (9 May 1849 – 13 April 1921) was a German military officer and colonial administrator who served as Landeshauptmann and governor of German Southwest Africa from 1894 to 1905.
Life and career.
Leutwein was born in Strümpfelbrunn in the Grand Duchy of Baden. He joined the Baden Army in 1868, served in the Franco-Prussian War and afterwards was taken over into the Prussian Army. Following several promotions he achieved the rank of major in 1893. In 1894 he replaced Curt von François as commander of the Imperial Schutztruppe for German South West Africa (Imperial Security Troop). His personal goal in the colony was to create "colonialism without bloodshed". During his tenure there, Leutwein created a decentralized administration with three regional centers (Windhoek, Otjimbingwe and Keetmanshoop). The construction of the first railroad between Windhoek and the seaport of Swakopmund was built during his rule. In 1899 he was promoted to lieutenant colonel, rising to the rank of colonel in 1901.
His policies with the native Africans, which he called the "Leutwein System", was a mixture of diplomacy, "divide-and-rule" and military coercion. His relationship with the indigenous Nama and Herero tribes were tenuous at best. Conversely, he was often criticized by German colonists as being too lenient with the Africans. In 1904 an uprising by the Herero was the beginning of the end of his colonial leadership. Soon after the uprising began Wilhelm II replaced Leutwein with the notorious General Lothar von Trotha. In May 1904 he admitted that the Germans had not taken one Herero prisoner, following an inquiry by the social democratic Reichstag deputy August Bebel.
In 1906, Leutwein published an autobiography, "Elf Jahre als Gouverneur in Deutsch-Südwestafrika" ("Eleven Years as Governor in German South West Africa"), an historical account of his career in German Southwest Africa. He died in Freiburg.

</doc>
<doc id="6945978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945978" title="2015 World's Fair">
2015 World's Fair



</doc>
<doc id="6945987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945987" title="Bishop of Salisbury">
Bishop of Salisbury

The Bishop of Salisbury is the ordinary of the Church of England's Diocese of Salisbury in the Province of Canterbury. The diocese covers much of the counties of Wiltshire and Dorset. The see is in the City of Salisbury where the bishop's seat is in the Cathedral Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary. The current bishop is Stephen Lake.
History.
The Diocese of Sherborne (founded ) was the origin of the present diocese; St Aldhelm was its first bishop.
In about 705 the vast diocese of Wessex at Winchester was divided in two with the creation of a new diocese of Sherborne under Bishop Aldhelm, covering Devon, Somerset and Dorset. Cornwall was added to the diocese at the end of the ninth century, but in about 909 the diocese was divided in three with the creation of the bishoprics of Wells, covering Somerset, and Crediton, covering Devon and Cornwall, leaving Sherborne with Dorset.
In 1058, the Sherborne chapter elected Herman, Bishop of Ramsbury to be also Bishop of Sherborne. Following the Norman Conquest, the 1075 Council of London united his two sees as a single diocese and translated them to the then-larger settlement around the royal castle at Old Sarum. Disputes between Bishops Herbert and Richard Poore and the sheriffs of Wiltshire led to the removal of the see in the 1220s to New Sarum (modern Salisbury). This was chartered as the city of New Sarum by in 1227, but it was not until the 14th century that the office was described (by Bishop Wyvil) as the bishop of Sarum (""). The diocese, like the city, is now known as Salisbury. The archdeaconry around Salisbury, however, retains the name of Sarum.
Reforms within the Church of England led to the annexation of Dorset from the abolished diocese of Bristol in 1836; Berkshire, however, was removed the same year and given to Oxford. In 1925 and 1974, new suffragan bishops were appointed to assist the Bishop of Salisbury; the new offices were titled the bishops of Sherborne and Ramsbury, respectively. Until 2009 the bishops operated under an episcopal area scheme established in 1981, with each suffragan bishop having a formal geographical area of responsibility, and being known as "area bishops": the Bishop of Ramsbury had oversight of the diocese's parishes in Wiltshire, while the Bishop of Sherborne had oversight of the parishes in Dorset. This scheme was replaced to reflect the increased working across the whole diocese by all three bishops. The two suffragans may now legally function anywhere in the diocese, and the Bishop of Salisbury may delegate any of his functions to them. The Bishop of Salisbury's residence is now the South Canonry, near the cathedral.
Assistant bishops.
Among those who have served the diocese as assistant bishops have been:

</doc>
<doc id="6945988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945988" title="I Give My Heart">
I Give My Heart



</doc>
<doc id="6945989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945989" title="Wheat allergy">
Wheat allergy

Wheat allergy is an allergy to wheat that typically presents as a food allergy, but can also be a contact allergy resulting from occupational exposure. The exact mechanism of this allergy is not yet clear. Wheat allergy may be immunoglobulin E-mediated or not, and may involve a mast cell response. Wheat allergy is rare—its prevalence in adults was estimated to be 0.21% in a 2012 study in Japan.
Wheat allergy may be a misnomer. There are many allergenic components in wheat (for example: serine protease inhibitors, glutelins and prolamins), with different responses attributed to different components. Twenty-seven potential wheat allergens have been identified. 
The allergy, or allergies, are often caused by reactions to the storage proteins present in a wheat seed. While many reactions are caused by wheat proteins, allergenic components are also present in other biochemical forms. The most severe response is wheat-dependent exercise-induced anaphylaxis (WDEIA). WDEIA is attributed to an omega gliadin, which happens to be a relative of the protein that causes celiac disease. Symptoms include nausea, urticaria, and atopy. 
Gluten sensitivity and Coeliac disease are two different diseases; however, the management is similar. Management of wheat allergy consists of complete withdrawal of any food containing wheat or other gluten-containing cereals.
Types of allergies.
Most wheat allergens are proteins, including seed storage proteins, as noted above. There are four major classes of seed storage proteins: albumins, globulins, prolamins and glutenins. 
Gluten allergy.
The relevant prolamins in wheat are gliadins. Gliadins and glutenins form the classic glutens—the causative agents of celiac disease (CD). Distinct immune cells and antibody types differentiate gluten allergy from CD (see Comparative pathophysiology of gluten sensitivities). 
Prolamin allergies.
Prolamins (gliadins) are associated with the more severe form of gluten allergy. Glutenin-induced allergies are often less severe. A proteomics-based study found a γ-gliadin isoform gene.
Glutelin allergies.
Glutenin (wheat glutelin) is a predominant allergen in wheat. Nine subunits of LMW-glutenin have been found to be in connection with wheat allergies.
Albumin and globulin allergy.
At present, many of the allergens of wheat have not been characterized; however, the early studies found many to be in the albumin class. A recent study in Europe confirmed the increased presence of allergies to amylase/trypsin inhibitors (serpins) and lipid transfer protein (LPT), but less reactivity to the globulin fraction. The allergies tend to differ between populations (Italian, Japanese, Danish or Swiss), indicating a potential genetic component to these reactivities.
Other allergies.
Wheat pollen and grass allergies.
Respiratory allergies are an occupational disease that develops in food service workers. Previous studies detected 40 allergens from wheat; some cross-reacted with rye proteins and a few cross-reacted with grass pollens. A later study showed that baker's allergy extends over a broad range of cereal grasses (wheat, durum wheat, triticale, cereal rye, barley, rye grass, oats, canary grass, rice, maize, sorghum and Johnson grass), though the greatest similarities were seen between wheat and rye, and that these allergies show cross-reactivity between seed proteins and pollen proteins, including a prominent cross-reactivity between the common environment rye pollen and wheat gluten.
Derivative allergies.
Proteins are made of a chain of dehydrated amino acids. When enzymes cut proteins into pieces, they add water back to the site at which they cut. This process is called enzymatic hydrolysis, or in the case of proteins it is called proteolysis. The initial products of this hydrolysis are polypeptides, and smaller products are called simply peptides; these are called "wheat protein hydrolysates". These hydrolysates can create allergens out of wheat proteins that previously did not exist by the exposure of buried antigenic sites in the proteins.
When proteins are cut into polypeptides, buried regions are exposed to the surface, and these buried regions may possibly be antigenic. Such hydrolyzed wheat protein is used as an additive in foods and cosmetics. The peptides are often 1 kD in size (9 amino acid residues in length) and may increase the allergic response. These wheat polypeptides can cause immediate contact urticaria in susceptible people.
Signs and symptoms.
Wheat allergies are not altogether different from other food allergies or respiratory allergies. However, two conditions, exercise/aspirin induced anaphylaxis and urticaria, occur more frequently with wheat allergies.
Common symptoms of a wheat allergy include eczema (atopic dermatitis), hives (urticaria), asthma, "hay fever" (allergic rhinitis), angioedema (tissue swelling due to fluid leakage from blood vessels), abdominal cramps, nausea, and vomiting. Rarer symptoms include anaphylactic shock, anxiety, arthritis, bloated stomach, chest pains, depression or mood swings, diarrhea, dizziness, headache, joint and muscle aches and pains (may be associated with progressive arthritis), palpitations, psoriasis, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), swollen throat or tongue, tiredness and lethargy, and unexplained cough.
Reactions may become more severe with repeated exposure.
Asthma, anaphylaxis, nasal allergies.
Exercise-induced anaphylaxis.
Wheat gliadins and potentially oat avenins are associated with another disease, known as wheat-dependent exercise induced anaphylaxis (WDEIA) which is similar to baker's allergy as both are mediated by IgE responses. In WDEIA, however, the ω-gliadins or a high molecular weight glutenin subunit, and similar proteins in other "Triticeae" genera, enter the blood stream during exercise where they cause acute asthmatic or allergic reaction. Wheat may specifically induce WDEIA and certain chronic urticaria because the anti-gliadin IgE detects ω5-gliadins expressed by most of the Gli-B1 alleles, but prolamins extracted from rye or wheat/rye translocates invoke almost no responses. The Gli-B1 gene in wheat, "Triticum aestivum", comes from the progenitor species "Aegilops speltoides". This indicates that nascent mutations on the B genome of wheat are from a small number of cultivated Triticeae species.
Baker's allergy.
Baker's allergy has a ω-gliadin component and thioredoxin hB component. In addition, a gluten-extrinsic allergen has been identified as aspergillus amylase, added to flour to increase its baking properties.
Urticaria, atopy, eczema.
Contact sensitivity, atopic dermatitis, eczema, and urticaria appear to be related phenomena, the cause of which is generally believed to be the hydrophobic prolamin components of certain Triticeae, Aveneae cultivars. In wheat one of these proteins is ω-gliadin (Gli-B1 gene product). A study of mothers and infants on an allergen-free diet demonstrated that these conditions can be avoided if wheat sensitive cohort in the population avoid wheat in the first year of life. As with exercise induced anaphylaxis, aspirin (also: tartrazine, sodium benzoate, sodium glutamate (MSG), sodium metabisulfite, tyramine) may be sensitizing factors for reactivity. Studies of the wheat-dependent exercise induced anaphylaxis demonstrate that atopy and EIA can be triggered from the ingestion wheat proteins into the blood, where IgE reacts within allergens in the dermal tissues. Some individuals may be so sensitive that low dose aspirin therapy can increase risk for both atopy and WDEIA.
Wheat allergies were also common with contact dermatitis. A primary cause was the donning agent used for latex gloves prior to the 1990s; however, most gloves now use protein-free starch as a donning agent.
Rheumatoid arthritis.
There appears to be an association of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) both with gluten sensitive enteropathy (GSE) and gluten allergies. RA in GSE/CD may be secondary to tissue transglutaminase (tTG) autoimmunity. In a recent study in Turkey, 8 of 20 RA patients had wheat reactivities on the radioallergosorbent test (RAST). When this allergic food and all other patient specific RAST+ foods were removed half of the patients had improved RA by serological markers. In patients with wheat allergies, rye was effectively substituted. This may indicate that some proportion of RA in GSE/CD is due to downstream effects of allergic responses. In addition, cross-reactive anti-beef-collagen antibodies (IgG) may explain some "rheumatoid arthritis" (RA) incidents.
Neuropathies.
Migraines. In the late 1970s it was reported that people with migraines had reactions to food allergens. Similarly to people with RA, the most common reaction among people with migraines was to wheat (78%), orange, eggs, tea, coffee, chocolate, milk, beef, corn, cane sugar, and yeast. When 10 foods causing the most reactions were removed, migraines fell precipitously and hypertension declined. Some specific instances are attributed to wheat.
Autism. Parents of children with autism often ascribe the children's gastrointestinal symptoms to allergies to wheat and other foods. The published data on this approach are sparse, with the only double-blind study reporting negative results.
Diagnosis.
Diagnoses of wheat allergy may deserve special consideration. Omega-5 gliadin, the most potent wheat allergen, cannot be detected in whole wheat preparations; it must be extracted and partially digested (similar to how it degrades in the intestine) to reach full activity. Other studies show that digestion of wheat proteins to about 10 amino acids can increase the allergic response 10-fold. Certain allergy tests may not be suitable to detect all wheat allergies, resulting in cryptic allergies. Because many of the symptoms associated with wheat allergies, such as eczema and asthma, may be related or unrelated to a wheat allergy, medical deduction can be an effective way of determining the cause. If symptoms are alleviated by immunosuppressant drugs, such as prednisone, an allergy-related cause is likely. If multiple symptoms associated with wheat allergies are present in the absence of immunosuppressants then a wheat allergy is probable.
Prevention.
Management of wheat allergy consists of complete withdrawal of any food containing wheat and other gluten-containing cereals (gluten-free diet). However, some patients can tolerate barley, rye or oats.
In people with less severe forms of wheat-dependent exercise induced anaphylaxis (WDEIA), avoiding wheat consumption before exercise and other cofactors that trigger disease symptoms, such as nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and alcohol, can be sufficient to avoid an allergy.
Wheat is often a cryptic contaminant of many foods; more obvious items are bread crumbs, maltodextrin, bran, cereal extract, couscous, cracker meal, enriched flour, gluten, high-gluten flour, high-protein flour, seitan, semolina wheat, vital gluten, wheat bran, wheat germ, wheat gluten, wheat malt, wheat starch or whole wheat flour. Less obvious sources of wheat could be gelatinized starch, hydrolyzed vegetable protein, modified food starch, modified starch, natural flavoring, soy sauce, soybean paste, hoisin sauce, starch, vegetable gum, specifically beta-glucan, or vegetable starch.
Alternative cereals.
Triticeae gluten-free oats (free of wheat, rye or barley) may be a useful source of cereal fiber. Some wheat allergies allow the use of rye bread as a substitute. Rice flour is a commonly used alternative for those allergic to wheat. Wheat-free millet flour, buckwheat, flax seed meal, corn meal, quinoa flour, chia seed flour, tapioca starch or flour, and others can be used as substitutes.
Treatment.
Treatment for accidental ingestion of wheat products by allergic individuals varies depending on the sensitivity of the person. An antihistamine such as diphenhydramine may be prescribed. Sometimes prednisone will be prescribed to prevent a possible late phase Type I hypersensitivity reaction. Severe allergic reactions (anaphylaxis) may require treatment with an epinephrine pen, which is an injection device designed to be used by a non-healthcare professional when emergency treatment is warranted.

</doc>
<doc id="6945990" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945990" title="Sentinel Peak (British Columbia)">
Sentinel Peak (British Columbia)

Sentinel Peak, is a isolated, prominent limestone peak, west of the Continental Divide in British Columbia, Canada. It is highest summit in Misinchinka Ranges, a subdivision range of the Hart Ranges within the Northern Rocky Mountains.
It is located approximately northeast of Prince George, BC.

</doc>
<doc id="6945993" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945993" title="Beard Tongue">
Beard Tongue



</doc>
<doc id="6945995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6945995" title="Skull Valley, Arizona">
Skull Valley, Arizona

Skull Valley () is a small, unincorporated town in Yavapai County, Arizona, United States. It is located seventeen miles west of Prescott. The community has a post office. As of the 2020 census, the population in the Skull Valley Elementary School District was greater than 800 people.
History.
Skull Valley was so named when settlers found human remains resulting from a previous battle between Native Americans.
Skull Valley's population was 21 in 1920, and was 100 in the 1960 Census.
Skull Valley was home to George Phippen (1915–1966), a well known western artist, co-founder and first president of the Cowboy Artists of America.
The area's history is preserved by the Skull Valley Historical Society, which operates a free museum. Robert L. Pearson, a native of the area and retired wildlife manager, created an online photo gallery of the area's insects. In mid-2019, Skull Valley was featured on S.B. Schreffler's Revisiting History in which Robert L. Pearson appeared as a guest on the Revisiting People series.
Two cemeteries remain from years ago: the Old Skull Valley Cemetery and a newer Christopherson Cemetery.
Education.
Skull Valley is served by the Skull Valley School District.

</doc>
<doc id="6946003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946003" title="Miles Beevor">
Miles Beevor

Miles Beevor (8 March 1900 in Hendon, London – 9 September 1994 in Wolverhampton) was a solicitor, pilot and businessman.
The son of Rowland Beevor and Margaret Frances Evans, Beevor was educated at Winchester College, and graduated from New College, Oxford University in 1921 with a Bachelor of Arts. He qualified a solicitor in 1925, and latterly held the office of Justice of the Peace for Hertfordshire.
At the outbreak of World War II, he joined the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve and gained the rank of flight lieutenant in 1941. He became chief legal advisor for London and North Eastern Railway in 1943, a post he held until the LNER was nationalised. In light of his service, on 1 November 1947 the LNER named an LNER A4 Pacific after him Just before nationalisation, Beevor was acting chief general manager for LNER in June 1947, after which he became Chief Secretary and legal advisor for the British Transport Commission between 1947 and 1951.
Beevor was Managing Director of Brush Group Ltd between 1954 and 1958, as the company pushed into producing diesel locomotives for the newly founded British Railways, to replace their steam fleet.
Beevor died on 9 September 1994 at the age of 94.
Personal life.
Beevor married Margaret Florence Platt, daughter of Algernon John Frederick Platt, on 17 September 1924. The couple had two children, Susan (born 1927, died 1948) and John (born 1930, died 2001). After Margaret's death on 15 February 1934 he married Sybil Gilliat, daughter of Lt.-Col. John Babington Gilliat (and sister of Lt Col Sir Martin Gilliat), on 23 April 1935. The couple had three children, Antony (born 1940), Helen (born 1943) and Ronald (born 1947).

</doc>
<doc id="6946008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946008" title="Duchy of Neopatras">
Duchy of Neopatras

The Duchy of Neopatras (; ; ; ) was a principality in southern Thessaly, established in 1319. Officially part of the Kingdom of Sicily, itself part of the Crown of Aragon, the duchy was governed in conjunction with the neighbouring Duchy of Athens, it enjoyed a large degree of self-government. From the mid-14th century, the duchies entered a period of decline: most of the Thessalian possessions were lost to the Serbian Empire, internal dissensions arose, along with the menace of Turkish piracy in the Aegean and the onset of Ottoman expansion in the Balkans. Enfeebled, the Catalan possessions were taken over by the Florentine adventurer Nerio I Acciaioli in 1385–1390. The title of Duke of Neopatras was held by the heir of the King of Sicily.
History.
When the Greek ruler of Thessaly, John II Doukas, died in 1318 without an heir, his domains fell into chaos. The Almogavars of the Catalan Company, who had recently conquered most of the Duchy of Athens to the south of Thessaly, took advantage of the situation to push north. Led by Alfonso Fadrique, the Catalans took Neopatras in 1319, and by 1325 had also conquered Zetounion, Loidoriki, Siderokastron and Vitrinitsa, as well as—apparently briefly—Domokos, Gardiki and Pharsalus. The central and northern part of Thessaly remained in Greek hands under a series of local magnates, some of whom recognized Byzantine suzerainty, like Stephen Gabrielopoulos of Trikala; others, however, like the Maliasenos family around Volos, turned to the Catalans for support.
The Greek rulers of Thessaly had long, but erroneously, been known as "Dukes of Neopatras" by Western European contemporaries from their capital, modern Ypati; this was a result of confusion from the family name of Doukas, which Western Europeans mistook as the title of "duke". As a result, the territory conquered by the Catalans in Thessaly was organized as the "Duchy of Neopatras" and was divided into five captaincies. The Catalans selected the infant Manfred, son of King Frederick III of Sicily, as their duke, but actual power was wielded by the Duke's local representative, the vicar-general, as well as by the marshal () as the elected head of the Company members.
Most of the Duchy's possessions in Thessaly were lost when the region was conquered by the Serbs of Stefan Dushan in 1348, but Neopatras and the region around it remained in Catalan hands. In 1377, the title of Duke of Athens and Neopatras was assumed by Peter IV of Aragon. It was preserved among the subsidiary titles of his successors, and was regularly included in the full title of the Spanish monarchs at least until the takeover of the Spanish crown by the House of Bourbon.
In 1378–79, the Aragonese lost most of their possessions in Boeotia to the Navarrese Company, while from the south the ambitious Florentine adventurer Nerio Acciaioli, lord of Corinth, took over Megara in 1374 and began applying pressure on Athens. By 1380, the Catalans were left only with the two capitals of Athens and Neopatras, as well as the County of Salona. Athens fell to Acciaioli in 1388, and in 1390 he captured Neopatras as well. Acciaioli could boast in the title "Lord of Corinth and of the Duchy of Athens and Neopatras", but his triumph was short-lived: in 1393/4 the Ottoman Turks conquered Neopatras and the entire Spercheios River valley.
Ecclesiastically, Neopatras largely corresponded to the Latin Archbishopric of Neopatras (), which had one suffragan: Zetounion (Lamia). Among the Catalan archbishops was Ferrer d'Abella, who tried to have himself transferred to a west European see.
Vicars-general.
The vicars-general acted as local representatives of the dukes and were the governors of the twin duchy, originally for the Crown of Sicily, and after 1379 for the Crown of Aragon:

</doc>
<doc id="6946011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946011" title="English Daisy">
English Daisy



</doc>
<doc id="6946013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946013" title="Ellen van Dijk">
Ellen van Dijk

Eleonora Maria "Ellen" van Dijk (; born 11 February 1987) is a Dutch professional road racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Women's WorldTeam . Besides road cycling she was also a track cyclist until 2012. Van Dijk is known as a time trial specialist and is five times world champion. She won her first world title on the track in the scratch race in 2008. She became Road World Champion in 2012, 2013 and 2016 with her respective trade teams in the team time trial and in 2013 also in the individual time trial. In 2015, she won the time trial at the first European Games and the silver medal in the team time trial at the world championships.
Van Dijk started as a speed skater and as part of her skating training she undertook cycling as part of cross-training in summer. She excelled at both, competing nationally at junior level. She gave up speed skating and switched to cycling full-time after winning the national cycling championship for the fifth time in 2007. Along with her world title successes, Van Dijk has also twice been European track champion, three times European time trial champion and has won six World Cup races. In 2012, she competed in three disciplines at the 2012 Olympic Games in London, where she helped Marianne Vos win the gold medal in the road race, finished eighth in the time trial and sixth in the team pursuit.
Personal life.
Ellen van Dijk grew up in Harmelen, Utrecht together with her two older brothers along with her mother and father. Besides speed skating and cycling, she also played volleyball and performed gymnastics when she was a child. Van Dijk left Harmelen for her study to Amsterdam in 2006, where she still lives. During the first years in Amsterdam she shared her apartment with Mariëlle Kerste, her best friend and also a Dutch cyclist. Kerste moved out a few years later and Van Dijk has since shared an apartment with the Dutch cyclist Hannah Walter. In December 2014 Van Dijk moved to Woerden.
Van Dijk graduated from Minkema College, Woerden, in 2005 and earned a bachelor's degree in Human Movement Sciences at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam in 2011. After the Olympics she started her master's degree, but didn't have time to complete it.
Sport career.
Speed skating.
Van Dijk started her career as a speed skater. As a very young child, she had performed in natural ice skating tours and, at the age of eight, she became a member of a local speed skating club. During the winter months, Van Dijk trained almost every day at the local speed skating rink in Utrecht. She did this from when she was aged twelve until she was twenty years old. Van Dijk competed five times in the junior Dutch Allround Championships; she finished in tenth place on two occasions in the all-around competition and in fourth place in the 3000m in 2005. She also rode the track record at the 5000 metres.
Early cycling years.
When she was ten years old, Van Dijk started, together with her two brothers and Mariëlle Kerste, cross-training on a bike during the summer and she began competing in regional races. Because Van Dijk performed well, she started competing in national races at the age of 15 in 2002. In the same year, in her first national championship, she finished in fourth place. The following year, she won the Dutch national road championship in the novice category. In 2004, Van Dijk won two more national titles, this time as a junior, in the road race and in the road individual time trial. In the latter, she beat Marianne Vos, though Vos would avenge her defeat in Road World Championships in Verona, Italy. Vos won the junior road race world title, with Van Dijk finishing third. In 2005, Van Dijk again won the Dutch national junior title in the individual time trial but finished second in the road race, again behind Vos. In 2007, when Van Dijk was considered for selection in regional speed skating, she had to choose between speed skating and cycling– ultimately, she chose cycling.
Vrienden van het Platteland (2006–2008).
2006.
Van Dijk achieved two stage victories in the Tour Féminin en Limousin and in the Giro della Toscana. In the middle of the season, Van Dijk suffered a clavicle fracture and as a result was hampered in the national championships. She finished 10th at the U-23 European Championships in Valkenburg and at the World University Cycling Championship, Van Dijk won the individual time trial and finished second in the road race. At the end of the season, Van Dijk was a reserve at the road world championships but she did not race. At the Dutch National Track Championships she won bronze in the individual pursuit.
2007.
Van Dijk won the first stage in the Tour of Chongming Island and finished second in the general classification. At the national time trial championships she became for the first time Dutch champion in the elite category. In the time trial at the European Championships (under-23) she finished fifth. Due to her good results in the time trials she was chosen to represent the Netherlands in the time trial at the Road World Championships in Stuttgart where she finished 17th. Due to her good results she became sportswomen of the year of Woerden. Because Van Dijk had more spare time in the winter after quitting speed skating, she was invited to join the Dutch national track cycling team. At the national track championships she became Dutch champion in the individual pursuit, ahead of Marianne Vos and Kirsten Wild, and finished fourth in the scratch race and points race.
2008.
Due to her good results at the national track cycling championships, Van Dijk was chosen to ride the individual pursuit in the remaining two (out of four) 2007–2008 track cycling World Cups, where she could, via the UCI World Ranking system, potentially earn qualification for the 2008 Olympic Games. She finished in Los Angeles and Copenhagen in fifth and fourth places respectively. After finishing fifth in the individual pursuit at the World Track Championships in Manchester, Van Dijk missed out on qualification for the Olympic Games; she finished 12th in the UCI World Rankings and only the first eleven riders qualified. The day after she took revenge by winning her first major senior title, the scratch race at the 2008 World Cycling Championships. With eight laps to go she attacked and rode solo to the finish line. Later that year, she also became European Track Championships in the scratch as well as in the points race. She rode to the silver medal in the omnium and the individual pursuit events.
Despite not winning a medal at the Dutch time trial championships she won the time trial at the European Championships (under-23). She was not selected to ride the time trial at the Summer Olympics, because the course would be too heavy for her.
Team Columbia–High Road Women (2009–2011).
2009.
On the track, Van Dijk followed other competitors by riding with a heavier gear. The change seemed to bear fruit when, in February at the Track Cycling World Cup in Copenhagen, she won her first two World Cup victories in the individual pursuit and points race and won a silver medal in the team pursuit. A month later at the Track Cycling World Championships in Pruszków, Poland, she failed to live up to her billing as world champion and her performances were not as good as those than in Copenhagen in February and in Manchester the year before. Indeed, Van Dijk did not reach the podium in any event. In spite of her disappointing performance in Pruszków, Van Dijk was approached by, and soon agreed to join, the professional road cycling team . Although the name of the team has changed on a number of occasions since, Van Dijk rode for this team until 2013. The road season did not start well as Van Dijk suffered a concussion in a crash during the Ronde van Gelderland in April and she was unable to ride for nearly six weeks. Almost immediately after having recovered from her injury, she defended successfully her European time trial title at the European Road Championships in July. After riding the time trial at the Road World Championships, Van Dijk took some rest in preparation for the Track Cycling World Cups. She skipped the National track championships, which were held two weeks after the World Championships.
2010.
Van Dijk did not reach the finals at the Track Cycling World Championships in Melbourne, finishing fifth in both the individual pursuit and the team pursuit events. She also participated in the points race as a late replacement and finished eighth. Van Dijk won the time trial on the road in the Holland Ladies Tour en route to finishing third in the final general classification standings. She won the Sparkassen Giro and finished second in the Open de Suède Vårgårda World Cup race in Sweden. At the Dutch Track Championships, Van Dijk won five medals including gold in the individual pursuit.
2011.
Van Dijk cycled in the team pursuit to a national team time trial record at the Track Cycling World Cup in Manchester. A month later however she rode with the team three seconds slower at the Track Cycling World Championships and finished in 5th place; the same position in which Van Dijk finished in the individual pursuit.
Van Dijk started the road cycling season by winning all three classifications (yellow jersey, points and young rider) in the Ladies Tour of Qatar, including winning the second stage. Van Dijk dedicated her stage and overall win to teammate Carla Swart, who died whilst training after being hit by a truck a few weeks earlier. The prize money she earned in Qatar was sent to her family. After riding stage races in the Netherlands, China and Spain she finished second at the Dutch time trial championships in Veendam and qualified for the World Championships later the year. A month later, in Sweden, she rode two World Cup races, winning the Open de Suède Vårgårda TTT and finishing second in the Open de Suède Vårgårda. As preparation for the World Championships she won the time trial at the Holland Ladies Tour. At the World Championships in Copenhagen she finished 6th in the time trial and was the best Dutch rider. Returning to the track, Van Dijk won the Track Cycling World Cup in Astana in a new national record, which was her fourth World Cup victory. At the end of the year she successfully defended her Dutch individual pursuit title at the Dutch National Track Championships and also became national champion in the madison.
Team Specialized–lululemon (2012–2013).
2012.
After a knee injury due to an accident with a scooter and a few weeks of required rest and adjusted training, Van Dijk won a stage in the Energiewacht Tour; because she did not earn enough bonus seconds during the tour she finished second in the general classification. Van Dijk also won the individual time trial and the road race in the Omloop van Borsele. A few days later she started in the Gracia–Orlová, where she won the prologue and a stage and helped her teammate Evelyn Stevens to win the general classification. Back in the Netherlands, in Emmen, she became the Dutch time trial champion in the elite category for the second time in her career.
Van Dijk was selected to represent her country at the Olympic Games in London, and she competed in the road race and the individual time trial on the road and in the team pursuit on the track. In the road race, Van Dijk was a domestique for Marianne Vos, who won the gold medal. Van Dijk attacked five times but finished outside the time limit. Because the victory of Marianne Vos was seen as a team performance, Van Dijk, Loes Gunnewijk and Annemiek van Vleuten were all subsequently honoured in both the Holland Heineken House and the Ridderzaal. In the time trial, Van Dijk finished eighth. She said afterwards that she was afraid to start too fast and subsequently lost a lot of time in the first part of the race. In the team pursuit, Van Dijk finished sixth together with Kirsten Wild, Amy Pieters and Vera Koedooder. In the qualification heats, the team had held the Olympic record for a short period and they rode a new Dutch national record in round one. According to Van Dijk, sixth place was the highest attainable place the team could have hoped to achieve.
As preparation for the Road World Championships, Van Dijk and her won the team time trials at the World Cup (Vårgårda) and in the Holland Ladies Tour. In between these victories, Van Dijk won the first and final stages of the Lotto–Decca Tour and as a result also topped the general classification, finishing ahead of Kirsten Wild in second place. At the World Road Championships in Valkenburg Van Dijk became world champion in the team time trial with . Three days later, Van Dijk finished fifth in the individual time trial on a hilly course that she afterwards described as being "not made for me". During the winter period she chose not to ride on the track to keep her focus completely on the 2013 road cycling season.
2013.
Van Dijk started the season with a third place in the general classification of the Ladies Tour of Qatar. During the season openers Van Dijk rode very well highlighted by her victory in the Le Samyn des Dames. In the first three UCI World Cup races Van Dijk finished two times second (Ronde van Drenthe, Tour of Flanders) and rode to a third place in the Trofeo Alfredo Binda in Italy. Her second stage race of the season, the Energiewacht Tour included the first individual time trial of the season which she won with a big difference. After also finishing two times second she won the general classification. About the time trial she said later that she had been tested on her time trial position during her stay in Italy . After a day of testing and adjusting the position of the saddle and the steer she found a better position which she was able to maintain for almost half an hour. She also said that she rode at a higher power than in the time trials at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2012 World Championships. Van Dijk also improved riding uphill and finished sixt in the fourth World Cup race, the hilly La Flèche Wallonne. Her time trial continued to go well and she won the time trials at the EPZ Omloop van Borsele and two time trial stages in the Gracia–Orlová. She also won a mountain stage, "the queen stage", in the Gracia–Orlová and so the general classification. In June she successfully defended her National Time Trial title in Winsum. A few days later she rode in medal position during the National Road Race Championships but had to abandon the race due to a broken derailleur in the second last lap. At the Giro d'Italia Femminile, the most prestigious stage race in women's cycling, she won stage 8, an individual time trial. With she won World Cup team time trial at the Open de Suède Vårgårda TTT. After the last two World Cup races, the Open de Suède Vårgårda where she finished fourth and the GP de Plouay which she did not ride to prepare for the last stage races, she finished third in the overall World Cup standings. She rode strong during the stage races and won the general classification of the Belgium Tour as well as of the Holland Ladies Tour, including the team time trial stages.
As a preparation for the World Championships in Tuscany Van Dijk went during the season a few times to Italy to practise the time trial course. She trained at five in the morning to avoid traffic and made video recordings of the course to get to know the turns. In the week before the World Championships she won the French time trial Chrono Champenois – Trophée Européen. All the preparations paid off and the World Championships were very successful for Van Dijk. With her team she won for the second consecutive year the world title in the team time trial. Because Van Dijk had won almost all the time trials this year she was also the main favourite for the individual time trial. Despite the pressure she won the time trial with a convincing victory and became the second Dutch women to win this title. At the end of the championships, Van Dijk finished 16th on a non-preferable hilly road race course.
Due to her successful season she ended third in the 2013 Women's Road World Ranking. At the end of the year Van Dijk won the title Amsterdam Sportswoman of the year. She was nominated previous years but never won the title. She was also nominated to become Dutch cyclist of the year but lost from Marianne Vos.
Boels–Dolmans (2014–2016).
2014.
In October 2013 Van Dijk announced that she signed a three-year contract with , joining the likes of Lizzie Armitstead, Katarzyna Pawłowska and Christine Majerus. The time trial at the 2016 Summer Olympics was her big goal, and keeping her focus on time trials, world cup races and flat short stage races. Due to her focus on road cycling, she stopped competing on the track. Van Dijk was not able to start in the Ladies Tour of Qatar because she did not recover in time from an illness after riding mountainbikerace Egmond-pier-Egmond. She got back her shape during the first races and just missed the podium in the GP Le Samyn. At the first World Cup race of the season, the Ronde van Drenthe, Van Dijk helped teammate Lizzie Armitstead to victory by closing a massive gap in the final part of the race.
Van Dijk won the Tour of Flanders after a solo of 25 kilometres in April. After her time trial victory at the World Championships in 2013, it is her major victory of her career according to herself. At the end of April, Ellen van Dijk won for the third consecutive the time trial at the Omloop van Borsele. The day afterwards Van Dijk finished third in the road race which ended with a bunch sprint. As part of the same time trial competition, Van Dijk did not win the time trial at the GP Leende a month later. She finished second behind former teammate Lisa Brennauer. Van Dijk responded that here average power during the time trial was not great but also not very bad and that Brennauer is a world class time trialist. Two days later she finished again second in the prologue of the Elsy Jacobs stage race, two seconds behind Marianne Vos.
At the Boels Rental Hills Classic Van Dijk was part of front group that consisted of six riders which fell apart into a group of three riders. With an uphill finish, Van Dijk lost the sprint from Johansson (Orica–AIS) and finished second ahead of Amy Pieters (Rabo Liv). Van Dijk won the mountain classification of the race. In June, Van Dijk started as the main favourite at the Dutch National Time Trial Championships, but did not win her fourth time trial title. She finished second, with a margin of only 0.02 seconds, behind Annemiek van Vleuten (Rabo Liv). Van Dijk was disappointed and responded that she was not that good as in 2013 without having a real explanation for it.
Van Dijk participated at La Course by Le Tour de France, the inaugural edition of a women's race on the final day and on the same circuit of the Tour de France with worldwide broadcasting. Van Dijk attacked multiple times and was the only women who was able to get clear for a few laps with a maximal advantage of over half a minute. At the Open de Suède Vårgårda TTT, where she finished third with her team, she got some confidence back about her time trial performances. In begin September Van Dijk won the time trial of the Boels Rental Ladies Tour, with a 12 seconds gap over her main rival Lisa Brennauer. Her first international time trial victory of the season. With the other stages ending in a bunch sprint and sprinters winning the bonification seconds, Van Dijk finished third in the general classification. A final test for het time trial capabilities before the World Championships was at the Chrono Champenois ITT. Halfway the time trial she had a 39 seconds advantage over Hanna Solovey, but she finished second 8 seconds behind her because she lost about a minute after riding the wrong direction.
2015.
Van Dijk started the season as usual with the Ladies Tour of Qatar. She won the second stage and took the lead in the general classification. The day afterwards teammate Lizzie Armitstead took over the leading jersey. Van Dijk ended the tour in third place in the overall classification. During the first European race of the season, the Omloop het Nieuwsblad, van Dijk escaped from a front group of 15 riders on the "Molenberg" with 30 km to go. Anna van der Breggen was the only one who was able to follow her. The duo extended their advantage over the cobbled sections that followed, holding off the chase group to the line, where Van Dijk lost the two-up sprint. A few days later Van Dijk rode again strong in the Le Samyn des Dames. In the final kilometers she closed a one-minute gap with the front group. After closing the gap she was the leadout for Chantal Blaak who sprinted to victory. Due to a back injury, Van Dijk could not start in Omloop van het Hageland. In the first World Cup of the season, the Ronde van Drenthe, the team was eager to win. In the final Van Dijk was the lead-out for Armitstead. However, Armitstead lost Van Dijk in the last kilometer. Van Dijk continued sprinting and rode to the third place. She was happy with her result, but found it a shame that the team did not win. During the second World Cup race, the Trofeo Alfredo Bina Van Dijk couldn't ride uphill with the fastest riders and finished eighth, with teammate Armitstead taking the win. For the Tour of Flanders, Van Dijk heard a day before the race she was not as a leader of the team, although Van Dijk won this World Cup race previous year. Because Van Dijk prepared very well for this race she was disappointed, and didn't ride a good race finishing 24th. Van Dijk rode several races in the Netherlands, Belgium and Spain in April, May and the begin of the June. The most notable results from these race being a second place in the team time trial in the Energiewacht Tour and a second place in Gooik–Geraardsbergen–Gooik, being outsprinted by Gracie Elvin.
Van Dijk was selected to represent the Netherlands at the first 2015 European Games in the time trial and the road race in Baku, Azerbaijan in June. The time trial was her big goal and she was the favorite to win it. With a good race over the straight circuit she was 36 seconds faster than the Ukrainian Hanna Solovey and won the first gold medal for the Netherlands. In the road race she was part of front group of four riders, together with countrywomen Anna van der Breggen. During the last lap it appeared that Van der Breggen rode for her Polish trade-teammate Katarzyna Niewiadoma and not for the Netherlands. Van Dijk was the brunt of these tactics and finished fourth. Four days later, back in the Netherlands, she was not able to win the national time trial championships, finishing almost half a minute behind Van der Breggen.
During the La Course by Le Tour de France the rain poured down and made the course and cobbles slippery. Van Dijk was involved by one of the many crashes. She broke her collarbone and had to abandon the race. At home she had installed a high-altitude tent, and with a speedy recovery she went with Iris Slappendel to Switzerland to train at high altitude. Six weeks after her crash she could race again and started in the 2015 Boels Rental Ladies Tour on 1 September. She rode in the stage race stronger every day and finished second in the time trial, two seconds behind of Lisa Brennauer. She moved to the third place in the general classification and was able to keep this position.
At the 2015 UCI Road World Championships in Richmond, United States, she won the silver medal with her team in the team time trial. In the time trial she finished disappointingly seventh. A reason for her performance was that her rear wheal was not well attached in the frame. Her wheel ran into the frame, damaging her tire and puncturing her inner tube. For the road race she rode for Anna van der Breggen who won the silver medal and finished in tenth place herself.
2016.
Van Dijk started the road race season also this year with the Ladies Tour of Qatar. It was very windy and Van Dijk lost some time in the second stage because she rode in the second echelon. In the third stage she was part of the front group. In the last few kilometres she was able to ride away and won the stage, in the same city as she won the year before. She moved up to the third place in the general classification and maintained this position, with teammate Romy Kasper finishing in second place overall. At the Omloop het Nieuwsblad at the end of February, Van Dijk attacked at the last climb. She was caught and finished the race in arrears due to a bike change. Due to a crash during the race she went to the hospital afterwards and it appears she had one broken and some bruised ribs. She was not able to race for several weeks and returned in the women's peloton mid March. She rode strong for the at the classic cycle races like World Tour races Gent–Wevelgem and Tour of Flanders for Women. Van Dijk had a very successful Energiewacht Tour. With her team she won the team time trial first stage. During the early sprint finish she was able to not lose any time. After winning the time trial of stage 4b she led the general classification. Van Dijk didn't give away her advantage in the last stage, and so she won after 2013 for the second time the Energiewacht Tour. After racing more international races from April to May the first championships of the season was the 2016 Dutch national time trial championships. However, due to a back injury she was not able to start. In the road race of the national championships a few days later she was not able win from the who played it smart with their large number of riders. In July she won the time trial of the Thüringen Rundfahrt stage race, beating national champion Annemiek van Vleuten. For two stages she led the general classification but was not able to keep the yellow jersey after a breakaway of two riders got a too large advantage.
Team Sunweb (2017–2018).
At the 2017 UCI Road World Championships in Bergen, Norway, she won the team time trial alongside her Team Sunweb teammates. In August 2017, van Dijk won the time trial at the European Road Championships for the second time.
In August 2018, van Dijk won the time trial at the European Road Championships for the third year in a row. She also won the national time trial championship for the fourth time. 
Trek–Segafredo (2019–).
In 2019, van Dijk joined . In April 2019, she won Dwars door Vlaanderen or the second year running. In August 2019, van Dijk won the time trial at the European Road Championships for the fourth year in succession. 
In September 2021, van Dijk won the road race at the 2021 European Road Championships. At the 2021 UCI Road World Championships in Flanders, Belgium, she won the time trial for the second time.
In April 2022 van Dijk announced that she would try to break the hour record on 23 May in Grenchen, Switzerland. On 23 May 2022, she did set a new record of . At the 2022 UCI Road World Championships in Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia, she won the time trial for the third time. She also won the national time trial championship for the fifth time. 
In April 2025, van Dijk finished second at Amstel Gold Race. In July 2025, van Dijk announced that she planned to retire at the end of the year, citing fears of crashing, having suffered from multiple injuries in recent years.
Career achievements.
Major results.
Track.
Major championships results.
Sources:
National team pursuit records.
The women's 3000 m team pursuit track cycling discipline was introduced at the 2007–08 track cycling season. The Dutch team consisting of Ellen van Dijk, Marlijn Binnendijk and Yvonne Hijgenaar rode the team pursuit for the first time at Round 4 at the 2007–08 UCI Track Cycling World Cup in Copenhagen in a time of 3:36.901 (49.792 km/h). They broke the record later that day. After have ridden the team pursuit for the first time, the record has been broken nine times. Van Dijk is the only woman who always has been part of the squad when a record was broken. The current record was settled during the 2012 Summer Olympics by Van Dijk, Kirsten Wild and Vera Koedooder in a time of 3:20.013 (53.996 km/h) on 4 August 2012. After the 2011–12 track cycling season the UCI changed the discipline into a 4000 m team pursuit with 4 riders.
Further reading.
Jeanine Laudy, Jan Willem Verkiel,: "Strijd in het vrouwenpeloton: de Giro door de ogen van Marianne Vos en Ellen van Dijk " (), Tirion Sport . The story of Ellen van Dijk and Marianne Vos of the 2011 Giro d'Italia Femminile.

</doc>
<doc id="6946018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946018" title="Eea family permit">
Eea family permit



</doc>
<doc id="6946020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946020" title="Shrimp Plant">
Shrimp Plant



</doc>
<doc id="6946021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946021" title="Daniel Wayne Smith">
Daniel Wayne Smith



</doc>
<doc id="6946025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946025" title="Gillian Beer">
Gillian Beer

Dame Gillian Patricia Kempster Beer, (née Thomas; born 27 January 1935) is a British literary critic and academic. She was President of Clare Hall from 1994 to 2001, and King Edward VII Professor of English Literature at the University of Cambridge from 1994 to 2002.
Early life.
Born Gillian Patricia Kempster Thomas in Surrey, England, Beer studied English Literature at St Anne's College, Oxford.
Academic career.
Following teaching posts at Bedford College, London, and the University of Liverpool, she was a fellow of Girton College, Cambridge, for 30 years. She was later King Edward VII Professor of English Literature at Cambridge, and later president of Clare Hall, the University of Cambridge's distinctive, international postgraduate college.
She served as chair of the judges for the Booker Prize in 1997.
Her most intensive literary criticism lies in the field of Victorian studies. "Darwin's Plots" (1983), in particular, related the form of Victorian novels to Darwinist thinking. Its significance as a work was confirmed by the publication of a second edition by Cambridge University Press in 2000 and a third edition in 2009. She has also written important collections of essays on Virginia Woolf ("The Common Ground", 1996) and on other aspects of the relations of literature, science, and other academic disciplines.
Family.
She married the literary critic John Beer in September 1962; they have three sons.
External links.
 
 

</doc>
<doc id="6946026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946026" title="King Henry (ballad)">
King Henry (ballad)



</doc>
<doc id="6946040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946040" title="Misty (jazz)">
Misty (jazz)



</doc>
<doc id="6946050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946050" title="La cucharita se me perdio">
La cucharita se me perdio



</doc>
<doc id="6946058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946058" title="Mammas Don't Let Your Babies Grow up to be Cowboys">
Mammas Don't Let Your Babies Grow up to be Cowboys



</doc>
<doc id="6946061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946061" title="Love, Shine A Light">
Love, Shine A Light



</doc>
<doc id="6946065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946065" title="Movimento de Acção Nacional">
Movimento de Acção Nacional



</doc>
<doc id="6946070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946070" title="F. D. Roosevelt">
F. D. Roosevelt



</doc>
<doc id="6946071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946071" title="Long hot summer">
Long hot summer



</doc>
<doc id="6946077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946077" title="2004 International Formula 3000 Championship">
2004 International Formula 3000 Championship

The 2004 International Formula 3000 season was the thirty-eight season of the second-tier of Formula One feeder championship and also twentieth and final season under the International Formula 3000 Championship moniker. It featured the 2004 FIA Formula 3000 International Championship, which was contested over ten rounds from 24 April to 11 September 2004. Two titles were awarded, a Championship for Drivers and a Championship for Teams. This was the final FIA Formula 3000 International Championship before it was replaced by the GP2 Series in 2005.
Drivers and teams.
The following drivers and teams contested the 2004 FIA Formula 3000 International Championship.
All entries used Lola B02/50 chassis with Zytek-Judd KV engines and Avon tyres.

</doc>
<doc id="6946080" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946080" title="Bethlehem, Indiana">
Bethlehem, Indiana

Bethlehem is an unincorporated community in Bethlehem Township, Clark County, Indiana, United States, twenty-five miles up the Ohio River from Louisville, Kentucky. It was platted in 1812 and according to WPA records was presumably named for Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. Its first office was established on March 6, 1816. The community's post office is popular around Christmas with those wanting to have a Bethlehem postmark on Christmas letters and cards.
History.
Much of Bethlehem's history was destroyed by the Ohio River flood of 1937. What is known is that prior to its formation, the land which would become Bethlehem was owned by Colonel John Armstrong, who had been the commander of Fort Finney (located in present-day Jeffersonville, Indiana). The first settlers arrived at the site in 1805 Armstrong and others, most notably Jonathon Clark and William Plaskett, platted the community in 1812. It was laid out in 124 lots in a rectangular manner. Armstrong named it after Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, where he was born.
Early in its history, Bethlehem had a steamboat and ferry landing, and with its road to New Washington and Lexington, Indiana Bethlehem became a major transportation center. The economy of Bethlehem in the antebellum era focused on farming, shopping, and trade. By 1833, 300 individuals lived in the community.
Many of Bethlehem's early buildings, including a canning factory, gristmill, and sawmill, have been destroyed; particularly by fire and tornado. The main house of the Abbott-Holloway Farm is one of only three buildings before 1840 that still stands.
The largest crowd ever seen in Bethlehem was in 1861, when the locals waved their men goodbye to war. This hampered local efforts to continue farming. There was some concern in July 1863 that Morgan's Raid would visit the area, but it never occurred.
Census records show a loss in population from 1880 to 1900. By then Bethlehem no longer offered ferry service. It was large enough to have a Grand Army of the Republic post at the time. Just after 1900 Bethlehem also had a Red Men tribe and a Degree of Pocahontas council.
In 1993 Historic Bethlehem Inc. was founded. It turned the old elementary school into a community center (today's children attend school in New Washington), and started the annual Autumn on the River festival. In the next year the Abbott-Holloway Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Due to its name, Bethlehem is a very popular place to mail out Christmas cards. Since 1947 a special cancellation stamp of "a red cachet of the Three Wise Men following the star to Bethlehem" is available. In December 5,000-7,000 letters may be mailed out, while during the rest of the year 100 letters is considered a busier than usual day. Most of the individuals mailing from Bethlehem come from outside Clark County.
Geography.
Bethlehem is located along the Ohio River, close to the border with Jefferson County, Indiana, and across the Ohio River from Oldham County, Kentucky.
The farmland rises well above the floodplain, which historically increased the need to ship goods using the Ohio River.

</doc>
<doc id="6946086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946086" title="Instrumental Music">
Instrumental Music



</doc>
<doc id="6946089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946089" title="Bishop of Lincoln">
Bishop of Lincoln

The Bishop of Lincoln is the ordinary (diocesan bishop) of the Church of England Diocese of Lincoln in the Province of Canterbury.
The present diocese covers the county of Lincolnshire and the unitary authority areas of North Lincolnshire and North East Lincolnshire. The bishop's seat ("cathedra") is located in the Cathedral Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary in the city of Lincoln. The cathedral was originally a minster church founded around 653 and refounded as a cathedral in 1072. Until the 1530s the bishops were in full communion with the Roman Catholic Church.
The medieval Bishop's Palace lies immediately to the south of the cathedral in Palace Yard; managed by English Heritage, it is open to visitors. A later residence (first used by Bishop Edward King in 1885) on the same site was converted from office accommodation to reopen in 2009 as a 16-bedroom conference centre and wedding venue. It is now known as Edward King House and provides offices for the bishops, archdeacons and diocesan staff. A 14-bedroom house (Bishop's House) on Eastgate was the official residence in use from 1948 until 2011, when the bishop's office staff and home were separated, allowing the incoming bishop, Christopher Lowson, to live in a modern five-bedroom house.
 A further residence of the mediaeval Bishops of Lincoln was Banbury Castle, built in 1135 by Alexander of Lincoln, Bishop of Lincoln and retained by the see until 1547.
History.
The Anglo-Saxon dioceses of Lindsey and Leicester were established when the large Diocese of Mercia was divided in the late 7th century into the bishoprics of Lichfield and Leicester (for Mercia itself), Worcester (for the Hwicce), Hereford (for the Magonsæte) and Lindsey (for the Lindisfaras).
The historic Bishop of Dorchester was a prelate who administered the Diocese of Dorchester in the Anglo-Saxon period. The bishop's seat, or cathedra, was at the cathedral in Dorchester-on-Thames in Oxfordshire.
In the 660s the seat at Dorchester-on-Thames was abandoned, but briefly in the late 670s it was once more a bishop's seat under Ætla, under Mercian control. The town of Dorchester again became the seat of a bishop in around 875, when the Mercian Bishop of Leicester transferred his seat there. The diocese merged with that of Lindsey in 971; the bishop's seat was moved to Lincoln in 1072 and thus the Mercian Bishops of Dorchester were succeeded by the Bishops of Lincoln.
The first bishops of Leicester were originally prelates who administered an Anglo-Saxon diocese between the 7th and 9th centuries. The bishopric fell victim to the invasion by the Danes and the episcopal see was transferred to Dorchester-on-Thames in Oxfordshire.
The dioceses of Lindsey and Leicester continued until the Danish Viking invasions and establishment of the Danelaw in the 9th century. The see of Leicester was transferred to Dorchester, now in Oxfordshire, sometime between 869 and 888. After an interruption, the see of Lindsey was resumed until it was united with the bishopric of Dorchester in the early 11th century. The diocese was the largest in England, extending from the River Thames to the Humber Estuary.
In 1072, Remigius de Fécamp moved the see of Dorchester to Lincoln, but the bishops of Lincoln retained significant landholdings within Oxfordshire. Because of this historic link, for a long time Banbury remained a "peculiar" of the Bishop of Lincoln.
Until the 1530s the bishops were in full communion with the Roman Catholic Church. During the English Reformation they changed their allegiance back and forth between the crown and the papacy. Under Henry VIII and Edward VI, the bishops conformed to the Church of England, but under Mary I they adhered to the Roman Catholic Church. Since the English Reformation, the bishops and diocese of Lincoln have been part of the reformed Church of England, and the Anglican Communion.
The dioceses of Oxford and Peterborough were created in 1541, out of parts of the Diocese of Lincoln. The county of Leicestershire was transferred from Lincoln to Peterborough in 1837.
Assistant bishops.
Among those who have served as assistant bishops of the diocese have been:
Honorary assistant bishops, serving after their retirements, have included:

</doc>
<doc id="6946102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946102" title="Vegetarianism by country">
Vegetarianism by country

Vegetarian and vegan dietary practices vary, as does the percentage of vegetarians, among countries. Differences include food standards, laws, and general cultural attitudes toward vegetarian diets. Some countries, such as India, have strong cultural or religious traditions that promote vegetarianism, while other countries have secular ethical concerns, including animal rights, environmental protection, and health concerns.
In general, vegetarians are a minority, except in a small number of exclusively vegetarian cities and towns, such as Rishikesh, which banned the sale of meat, fish, and eggs in 1956, and Palitana, which banned meat sales in 2014, where most or all residents are vegetarians. Some communities are majority vegetarian but meat is sold and consumed in the municipality. Other communities are vegetarian-friendly with a higher than average number of vegetarians but the majority of residents are meat-eaters. In some areas with few or no vegetarians, it may be difficult to find vegetarian food.
In Europe and the United States, vegetarians eat milk and eggs. However, in India many vegetarians consider eggs to be non-vegetarian and falling in the same category as meat. Some vegetarians that choose to abstain from dairy may be labeled as vegan. However, veganism typically refers to abstaining from any act that may directly or indirectly injure any sentient being, thus typically requiring the exclusion of eggs and honey, along with dairy, as well as further non-dietary exclusions such as the purchase of wool, silk and leather and places where animals are being kept like zoos and circuses. In many countries, food labeling laws make it easier for vegetarians to identify foods compatible with their diets.
The concept of vegetarianism to indicate 'vegetarian diet' is first mentioned by the Greek philosopher and mathematician Pythagoras of Samos around 500 BCE. Followers of several religions such as Buddhism, Hinduism, and Jainism have also advocated vegetarianism, believing that humans should not inflict pain on other animals.
In January 2022, Google stated that searches for "vegan food near me" had dramatically increased in 2021. The term achieved "breakthrough status", meaning it increased by 5,000 percent or more indicating the rising popularity of vegan diets.
Summary table.
The percentages in the following table are raw estimates prevalence of dietary vegetarianism and dietary veganism. The distinction is important between dietary vegans and other vegans. Dietary vegans may use leather or other non-food animal products, while other vegans (sometimes called "lifestyle" or "ethical" vegans) use no animal products of any type.
Africa.
According to a 2016 survey, the Africa/Middle East region (of which Egypt, Morocco, Saudi Arabia, South Africa and the United Arab Emirates were surveyed) has 16% vegetarians and 6% vegans.
East Africa.
Vegan dishes are commonplace in Ethiopian cuisine due to mandates by the Ethiopian Orthodox Church and Egyptian Coptic Christianity that require weekly fasting (abstaining from all meat products).
As the majority of the population of Mauritius is Hindu, vegetarianism is common and vegetarian cuisine is widely available in restaurants.
North Africa.
Countries in North Africa have a tradition of cooking in a vegetarian style, with Morocco, Algeria, Libya and Tunisia being particularly connected with this type of cooking which includes couscous and spiced vegetables.
Southern Africa.
Hindu and Jain immigrants from India brought vegetarianism with them. This trend has been documented as far back as 1895 in Natal Province.
Asia.
Of five world regions, the Asia–Pacific region has the highest share of vegetarians (19%) and vegans (9%).
East Asia.
China.
An estimated 4–5% of people in China are vegetarian, with that number growing particularly in urban areas. Tofu, soy milk, and seitan, which are popular among vegetarians around the world, originated in China.
Classical Chinese texts pointed to a period of abstinence from meat before undertaking matters of great importance or of religious significance. People typically abstain from meat periodically, particularly on the eve of Chinese New Year. Although it is more common among adherents of Chinese folk religion, many secular people also do this. Chinese folk religion is similar to Shinto in Japan, as while the killing and eating of animals is not forbidden, it is considered impure and not ideal. 
Ancient China was once known for having profound veganism in its food culture. Its widespread vegetarianism originally comes from the Buddhist code (Vinaya) transferred from ancient India which valued not killing animals. With the influx of Buddhist influences, vegetarianism became more popular, though there is a difference between Buddhist vegetarianism and Taoist vegetarianism. Taoist vegetarianism is based on a perception of purity, while Buddhist vegetarianism is based on the dual basis of refraining from killing and of subduing one's own subservience to the senses. Because of this, two types of vegetarianism emerged—one where the practitioner refrained from eating meat, and the in which the practitioner refrained from eating meat as well as garlic, onions, and other such strongly flavored foods. This Buddhism-influenced vegetarianism has been known and practiced by some since at least the 7th century. People who are Buddhist may also avoid eating eggs.
The early 20th century saw some intellectuals espousing vegetarianism as part of their program for reforming China culturally, not just politically. The anarchist thinker Li Shizeng, for instance, argued that tofu and soy products were healthier and could be a profitable export. Liang Shuming, a philosopher and reform activist, adopted a basically vegetarian diet, but did not promote it for others.
Japan.
In Japan, it was considered normal to have meat in daily diet. But after Buddhism arrived to the country, the emperor at that time made a law in 675 CE to restrict people from eating cows, horses, dogs, monkeys and chickens. This change is assumed to be a contributor to the spread of "精進料理 (shōjin ryōri)," a type of meals that is still eaten at contemporary Buddhist temples.
Even though "shōjin ryōri" is often assumed to be the same as vegetarian, it has its roots in religion, and the word "shōjin ryōri" refers to the different ways of cooking and table manners that differ by religious branches, not only it being vegetarian meals. Some of the differences between vegetarian foods and "shōjin ryōri" is that the usage of onions, garlics, or herbs and vegetables that have strong smells is avoided in addition to the avoidance of meat, and this is because consumption of those foods is believed to prevent one from focusing in Buddhist practices.
South Korea.
According to The Food and Beverage News, vegetarianism grew from over 7,000 in 2015 to nearly 30,000 in 2019, and many converted for health reasons. Some of the popular reasons for changing their diet are ethical concerns, environmental protection concerns, and to lose weight.
A study by the Korean Agro-Fisheries and Food Trade Corporation found that from a study of 5,510 respondents, 418 people followed a diet that refrained from eating meat. From the statistic, 79.7% of them identified as flexitarians (those who eat meat rarely), 11% of them identified as pollotarians and pescatarians (those who still eat poultry but no other meats, and those who still eat fish but no meats), and 6% of them are vegetarians.
With Beyond Meat and other plant-based meat alternatives hitting the shelves of the world, Lotte Mart, a Korean grocery store, noticed the growth in the popularity of meat alternatives. They then produced an alternative to meat called Gogi Daesin, which translates to “instead of meat.” 
Taiwan.
There are more than 6,000 vegetarian eating establishments in Taiwan. The country's food labelling laws for vegetarian food are the world's strictest, because it has been estimated that more than 3 million Taiwanese people eat vegetarian food, which accounts for approximately 13% of the national population.
A popular movement of "one day vegetarian every week" has been advocated on a national level. Also, on a local level, even government bodies are involved, such as the Taipei City Board of Education.
Vegetarian food can be found in meals served on the Taiwan High Speed Rail, Taiwan Railways Administration, major Taiwanese airlines, as well as highway stops.
South Asia.
India.
All-vegetarian locations.
A small number of religious centers in India have banned all meat sales within municipal boundaries. Since 1956, Rishikesh has banned meat, fish, and eggs. In 2014, Palitana banned meat sales. All vegetarian locations in India are:
Prevalence of vegetarianism.
In 2007, UN FAO statistics indicated that Indians had the lowest rate of meat consumption in the world. Some vegetarians in India have been demanding meat-free supermarkets. In Indian cuisine, vegetarianism is usually synonymous with lacto vegetarianism. Most restaurants in India clearly distinguish themselves as being either "non-vegetarian", "vegetarian", or "pure vegetarian" or "Jain vegetarian" depending upon location, chef/staff, ingredients used and items served. With non-vegetarian and vegetarian being self-explanatory, pure vegetarian refers to hotels run by vegetarian staff, owners subscribing to lacto-vegetarianism including avoidance of indirect animal ingredients like rennet, collagen while Jain vegetarian refers to food subscribing to Jain standards. Some restaurants cater to Eggetarians who are lacto-ovo-vegetarians. Vegetarian restaurants abound, and many vegetarian options are usually available.
Animal-based ingredients (other than milk and honey) such as lard, gelatin, and meat stock are not used in their traditional cuisine. India has devised a system of marking edible products made from only vegetarian ingredients, with a green dot in a square with a green outline. A new mark of a red triangle in a square with a red outline conveys that some animal-based ingredients (meat, egg, etc.) were used, since 2021. Earlier a mark of a red circle in a square with a red outline used to be used. This was replaced due to issues faced by people with colour blindness in distinguishing between the marks. Products like honey, milk, or its direct derivatives are categorized under the green mark.
It is noted that, in states where vegetarianism is more common, milk consumption is higher and is associated with lactase persistence. This allows people to continue consuming milk into adulthood and obtain proteins that are substituted for meat, fish and eggs in other areas.
Vegetarianism and Hinduism share a deep connection with each other. Hinduism believes that the soul has no beginning and an end, but it is a perpetual cycle through endless rebirth and deaths until the soul can reach the Brahman, God. However, only people can attain this status who disconnect from any worldly objects and become free of all cravings and desires. From this aspect of Hinduism, vegetarianism was naturally and smoothly rooted in the cultural cuisine and modest vegetarian diet in India.
Estimates and statistics.
CNN-IBN State of the Nation Survey, 2008.
According to a 2006 "Hindu"-CNN-IBN State of the Nation Survey, 31% of Indians are vegetarian, while another 9% also consume eggs (ovo-vegetarian). Among the various communities, vegetarianism was most common among the Bishnoi community which is 100% pure vegetarian, Swaminarayan community, Brahmins, Arya Samaj community, Lingayats, Vaishnavites, Jains, mostly Jats, Sikhs and, less frequent among Muslims (3%) and residents of coastal states. However, other surveys cited by FAO and USDA estimate 40% of the Indian population as being vegetarian. These surveys indicate that even Indians who do eat meat, do so infrequently, with less than 30% consuming it regularly, although the reasons are mainly cultural.
"Economic and Political Weekly", 2018.
A 2018 study from "Economic and Political Weekly" by US-based anthropologist Balmurli Natrajan and India-based economist Suraj Jacob suggests that these numbers could be inflated by social reluctance to admit to meat consumption and estimates that the percentage of vegetarians is likely closer to 20% than 30% overall, with the percentage varying by household income and caste. The study argues that meat-eating behavior is underreported because consumption of meat, especially beef, is "caught in cultural, political, and group identity struggles in India".
According to a 2018 survey released by the registrar general of India, Rajasthan (74.9%), Haryana (69.25%), Punjab (66.75%), and Gujarat (60.95%) have the highest percentage of vegetarians, followed by Madhya Pradesh (50.6%), Uttar Pradesh (47.1%), Maharashtra (40.2%), Delhi (39.5%), Uttarakhand (27.35%), Karnataka (21.1%), Assam (20.6%), Chhattisgarh (17.95%), Bihar (7.55%), Jharkhand (3.25%), Kerala (3.0%), Odisha (2.65%), Tamil Nadu (2.35%), Andhra Pradesh (1.75%), West Bengal (1.4%), and Telangana (1.3%).
Various studies conducted by the Government of India.
An official survey conducted by the Government of India, with a sample size of 8858 and the census frame as 2011, indicated India's vegetarian population to be 28–29% of the total population. Compared to a similar survey done in 2004, India's vegetarian population has increased, although according to conflicting data from the National Family Health Survey in 2015–2016 (NFHS), the share of vegetarianism has declined compared to data from 2005 to 2006. Increases in meat consumption in India have been attributed to urbanisation, increasing disposable income, consumerism and cross-cultural influences.
In 2022, the National Health and Family Survey (NHFS) released its fifth survey results (2019–2021) which reiterated the hypothesis of a sizeable section of nutrition scholars that the number of Indians who are non-vegetarian has been increasing steadily. It also found significant gender disparities in the consumption of solely vegetarian food.
Pew Research Center, 2021.
In 2021, Pew Research Center released the results of a survey of over 29,999 Indians throughout the country which included questions on dietary preferences. According to this study, around 39% of the overall Indian population identifies as vegetarian (the survey did not specify a type of vegetarianism and left the definition of the term up to the respondent). In terms of religion, Jains were found to be the most vegetarian at 92%, followed by Jats (75%), Sikhs (59%), Hindus (44%), Buddhists (25%), Christians (10%), and finally Muslims (8%). Among Hindus, however, there are wide regional variations with regard to the percentage of people identifying as vegetarian, with 71% of North Indian Hindus identifying as vegetarian, followed by 61% of Central Indians, 57% of West Indians, 30% of South Indians, 19% of Northeast Indians, and 18% of East Indians identifying as vegetarian. There are also caste differences in rates of vegetarianism, with 40% of lower caste Hindus identifying as vegetarian compared to 53% for general category Hindus. Hindus who considered religion very important in their lives identified as vegetarian 46% of the time compared to 33% for those who said it was less important.
Southeast Asia.
Malaysia.
Vegetarian diets are categorized as lacto vegetarianism, ovo-lacto vegetarianism, and veganism in general. The reasons for being vegetarian include influence from friends and family members, concern about global warming, health issues and weight management, religion and mercy for animals, in descending order of significance.
Singapore.
Rice, mushrooms, vegetables are some of the dietary staples, mixed with a rich variety of spices, coconut, lime and tamarind. Buddhist Chinese monastics are vegetarians or vegans. Singapore is also the headquarters of the world's first international, vegetarian, fast food chain, VeganBurg. The bigger communities of vegetarians and vegans in Singapore are Vegetarian Society (VSS) and SgVeganCommunity. Vegetarian and vegan places have an active role in the gastronomy of Singapore.
Thailand.
There are more than 908 vegetarian eating establishments in Thailand.
West Asia.
Israel.
A study by the Israeli Ministry of Health in 2001 found that 7.2% of men and 9.8% of women were vegetarian. Although vegetarianism is quite common, the actual percentage of vegetarians in Israel may be lower—the Israeli food industry estimated it at 5%. In 2010, one study found that 2.6% of Israelis were vegetarians or vegans.
According to a 2015 poll done by two Israeli newspapers "Globes" and Channel 2, 8% of the Israeli population were vegetarians and 5% were vegans. 13% consider turning vegan or vegetarian. Tel Aviv beat out Berlin, New York and Chennai as U.S. food website The Daily Meal's top destination for vegan travelers.
Jewish vegan and vegetarian population has contributed to promotion of meat-free and animal-product-free cultures within Israel through various platforms. The Israeli army made special provision for vegan soldiers in 2015, which included providing non-leather boots and wool-free berets. 
Some argue that the practicing and learning Judaism would lead a person to adopt vegetarianism or veganism.
Europe.
The definition of vegetarianism throughout Europe is not uniform, creating the potential for products to be labelled inaccurately. Throughout Europe the use of non-vegetarian ingredients are found in products such as beer (isinglass among others), wine (gelatine and crustacean shells among others) and cheese (rennet).
Belgium.
Since May 2009, Belgium has had the first city in the world (Ghent) with a weekly "veggie day".
A study that surveyed 2,436 Belgian individuals found that "21.8% of the respondents believed that meat consumption is unhealthy, and 45.6% of the respondents believed that they should eat less meat." The major reasons persons expressed interest in a more plant-based diet was for taste and health-related reasons. The majority of vegetarians polled think that the meat industry is harmful to the planet, while more than half of the non-vegetarians surveyed disagree with this statement.
Finland.
In some cities' schools in Finland, the students are offered two options, a vegetarian and a non-vegetarian meal, on four school days a week, and one day a week they have a choice between two vegetarian meals, for grades 1 to 12. In secondary schools and universities, from 10 to 40 percent of the students preferred vegetarian food in 2013. Vegetarianism is most popular in secondary art schools where in some schools over half of the students were vegetarians in 2013.
France.
In France, lunches at public schools must contain a "minimum of 20% of meals containing meat and 20% containing fish, and the remainder containing egg, cheese, or offal. However, under a law called "loi Egalim", which passed in 2018 and came into effect in November 2019, all French schools are required to serve at least one meat-free meal a week. In September 2020, 73% of French nurseries and elementary schools offer at least one meat-free meal a week, according to a recent investigation by Greenpeace.
An Appetite study found that French women were more accepting of vegetarianism than French men.
There has been conflict between vegans and farmers in southern France. A farmers' union known as "Coordination Rurale" advocated for the French to continue eating meat through the slogan "To save a peasant farmer, eat a vegan."
All-vegetarian location.
France is home to one all-vegetarian location, Community of the Ark in La Borie Noble.
Germany.
In 1889, the first "International Veg Congress" met in Cologne, Germany.
In 2016, Germany was found to have the highest percentage of vegetarians (7.8 million, 10%) and vegans (900,000, 1.1%) in the modern West. A survey from Forsa also revealed that approximately 42 million people in Germany identify as flexitarians aka "part time vegetarians". Professionals at the German Official Agencies estimate that by 2020 over 20% of Germans will eat mostly vegetarian. The reason vegetarianism is so prevalent in Germany is not agreed upon, but the movement seems to have experienced much growth from promotion in media and the offering of more non-meat options.
Hungary.
The recorded history of vegetarianism in the country began with the Hungarian Vegetarian Society (HVS), formed in 1883. During this time, vegetarianism was popular because New Age ideas and counter belief systems were favored. In 1911, the first Hungarian vegetarian restaurant opened up in Vámház körút. In the 1950s, the HVS ceased operations and vegetarianism in popular culture diminished. Hungarian vegetarianism was later revived in 1989 with the fall of socialism. The "Ahimsa Hungarian Vegetarian Society of Veszprém" was founded in the late 90s.
Iceland.
According to Iceland Monitor in 2016, Iceland had more vegetarian restaurants registered on HappyCow per capita than any other country in Europe.
Ireland.
While meat and dairy products have traditionally featured prominently in the Irish diet, vegetarianism and veganism have experienced rapid growth in recent decades. In 2018, a study by Bord Bia, a state agency which seeks to support and promote the country's agriculture industry, found that as many as 5.1% of the Irish population are now vegetarian, and up to 3.5% are vegan. A further 10% were described as some form of flexitarian, meaning that they still consumed some meat and dairy products but sought to minimize the amount of animal products in their diet. Participants identified a range of motivators for their dietary choices, but personal health and wellness and environmental concerns were among the most common factors cited.
Netherlands.
It was reported in 2006 that sales of meat substitutes had an annual growth of around 25%, which made it one of the fastest-growing markets in the Netherlands. In supermarkets and stores, it is sometimes necessary to read the fine print on products in order to make sure that there are no animal-originated ingredients. Increasingly, however, vegetarian products are labeled with the international "V-label", overseen by the Dutch Vegetarian Society.
In a late 2019 study published by the environmental organization ("Stichting Nature and Environment"), 59% of Dutch adults (age 16 and up) described themselves as a "meat eater" while 37% responded that they were flexitarians. 43% of respondents claimed that they ate less meat than they did four years earlier. Furthermore, almost half (47%) agreed with or agreed strongly with the statement that eating meat is an outdated practice. In their surveys, 2% identified as vegetarian, 2% as pescetarian and &lt;1% as vegan.
In a March 2020 factsheet published by the ("Dutch Union of Vegetarians"), calculations were made to document the different types of vegetarians. 4–6% of Dutch people (an average of about 860,000) reported they never ate meat. Of this number, 2% called themselves "vegetarian" while some 1% labeled themselves as vegan. The remaining 1–3% was pescetarian.
In July 2020 the estimated the number of vegans in the Netherlands at 150,000. That is approximately 0.9% of the Dutch population.
Poland.
The capital of Poland, Warsaw, was listed 6th on the list of Top Vegan Cities in the World published by HappyCow in 2019.
Portugal.
In 2007, the number of vegetarians in Portugal was estimated at 30,000; which is equal to less than 0.3% of the population. In 2014, the number was estimated to be 200,000 people. Vegan and vegetarian products like soy milk, soy yogurts, rice milk and tofu are widely available in major retailers, and sold across the country. According to HappyCow, Lisbon is the 6th city in the world for number of vegan restaurants per capita, more than any other European city.
Romania.
Followers of the Romanian Orthodox Church keep fasts during several periods in the ecclesiastical calendar amounting to a majority of the year. In the Romanian Orthodox tradition, devotees keep to a diet without any animal products during these times. As a result, vegan foods are abundant in stores and restaurants; however, Romanians may not be familiar with a vegan or vegetarian diet as a full-time lifestyle choice.
Russia.
Vegetarianism in Russia first gained prominence in 1901 with the opening of the St. Petersburg Vegetarian Society. Vegetarianism began to largely grow after the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, and has been found to be mainly among the wealthy and educated.
All-vegetarian location.
Russia is home to one all-vegetarian location, Cheremshanka, Altai Republic.
Spain.
The number of restaurants and food stores catering exclusively, or partially, to vegetarians and vegans has more than doubled since 2011; with a total of 800 on record by the end of 2016, The Green Revolution claims.
Switzerland.
According to Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada, Switzerland has the second highest rate of vegetarianism in the European Union (though in fact Switzerland is not in the EU). Older governmental data from 1997 suggest that 2.3% of the population never eat meat and the observed trend seemed to point towards less meat consumption. Newer studies suggest that the percentage of vegetarians has risen to 5% by 2007. According to a 2020 survey by Swissveg, there were 5.1% vegetarians and 1% vegans.
United Kingdom.
The Vegetarian Society was formed in Britain in 1847. In 1944, a faction split from the group to form The Vegan Society.
A 2021 YouGov survey found 3% of respondents said they followed a plant-based diet or were vegan.
In 2024 it was reported that 6.4% of UK adults planned to follow a vegan diet in 2025 (an estimated 3.4 million people). This includes 4.3% (an estimated 2.3 million Brits) who weren't vegan at the end of 2024 but planned to start following a vegan diet in 2025 
Data published by Statista in March 2024 indicated that 7% of the UK population are vegetarians, 4% are pescetarians, and 4% are vegans.
Participation in Veganuary has become increasingly popular, with the number of people signing up rising each year.
North America.
Canada.
In Canada, vegetarianism is on the rise. A 2018 survey conducted by Dalhousie University researcher Sylvain Charlebois found that 9.4% of Canadian adults considered themselves either vegetarian or vegan. This included 2.3 million vegetarians (7.1% of Canada's population), up from 900,000 15 years prior, and 850,000 vegans (2.3% of Canada's population). As the majority of Canada's vegetarians are under 35, the rate of vegetarianism is expected to continue to rise.
Mexico.
According to a Nielsen survey on food preferences from 2016, vegetarians make up 8% and vegans 4% of the population across Central America, with the highest numbers of both in Mexico.
United States.
In 1971, 1% of U.S. citizens described themselves as vegetarians. In 2009 Harris Interactive found that 3.4% are vegetarian and 0.8% vegan. U.S. vegetarian food sales (dairy replacements such as soy milk and meat replacements such as textured vegetable protein) doubled between 1998 and 2003, reaching $1.6 billion in 2003. In 2015, a Harris Poll National Survey of 2,017 adults aged 18 and over found that eight million Americans, or 3.4%, ate a solely vegetarian diet, and that one million, or 0.4%, ate a strictly vegan diet. A 2018 Gallup poll estimated that 5% of U.S. adults consider themselves to be vegetarians. Older Americans were less likely to be vegetarian with just 2% of adults aged 55 and older saying they follow a vegetarian diet. Younger generations of Americans are more likely to be vegetarian with 7% of 35- to 54-year-olds and 8% of 18- to 34-year-olds following a vegetarian diet. According to Gallup, black Americans are three times as likely to be vegan and vegetarian as whites as of July 2018 (9% compared to 3%).
Many American children whose parents follow vegetarian diets follow them because of religious, environmental or other reasons. In the government's first estimate of how many children avoid meat, the number is about 1 in 200. The CDC survey included children ages 0 to 17 years.
By U.S. law, food packaging is regulated by the Food and Drug Administration, and generally must be labeled with a list of all its ingredients. However, there are exceptions. For example, certain trace ingredients that are "ingredients of ingredients" do not need to be listed.
All-vegetarian locations.
The United States is home to two all-vegetarian locations. They are New Vrindaban in West Virginia and The Farm in Tennessee.
Oceania.
Australia.
In Australia, some manufacturers who target the vegetarian market label their foods with the statement "suitable for vegetarians"; however, for foods intended for export to the UK, this labelling can be inconsistent because flavourings in ingredients lists do not need to specify if they come from animal origin. As such, "natural flavour" could be derived from either plant or animal sources.
Animal rights organisations such as Animal Liberation promote vegan and vegetarian diets. "Vegetarian Week" runs from 1–7 October every year, and food companies are taking advantage of the growing number of vegetarians by producing meat-free alternatives of popular dishes, including sausages and mash and spaghetti Bolognese.
A 2000 Newspoll survey (commissioned by Sanitarium) shows 44% of Australians report eating at least one meat-free evening meal a week, while 18% said they prefer plant-based meals.
New Zealand.
Similar to Australia, in New Zealand the term "vegetarian" refers to individuals who eat no animal meat such as pork, chicken, and fish; they may consume animal products such as milk and eggs. In contrast, the term "vegan" is used to describe those who do not eat or use any by-products of animals. In 2002 New Zealand's vegetarians made up a minority of 1–2% of the country's 4.5 million people. By 2011 Roy Morgan Research claimed the number of New Zealanders eating an "all or almost all" vegetarian diet to be 8.1%, growing to 10.3% in 2015 (with men providing the most growth, up 63% from 5.7% to 9.3%). In New Zealand there is a strong enough movement for vegetarianism that it has created significant enough demand for a number of vegetarian and vegan retailers to set up.
As New Zealand and Australia work together to form common food standards (as seen in Food Standards Australia New Zealand (FSANZ) and the Australia New Zealand Food Standards Code), there is also a lot of ambiguity surrounding the "natural flavour" ingredients.
South America.
Brazil.
In 2004, Marly Winckler, President of the Brazilian Vegetarian Society, claimed that 5% of the population was vegetarian. According to a 2012 survey undertaken by the Brazilian Institute of Public Opinion and Statistics, 8% of the population, or 15.2 million people, identified themselves as vegetarian. The city of São Paulo had the most vegetarians in absolute terms (792,120 people), while Fortaleza had the highest percentage, at 14% of the total population. A new survey undertaken by the Brazilian Institute of Public Opinion and Statistics in 2018 showed that the proportion of the population identifying as vegetarian grew to 14% (a 75% increase relative to 2012), representing 29 million people. According to the "New York Times", the number of vegetarians in Brazil, the world's largest meat exporter, has nearly doubled in just six years.
Marly Winckler claims that the central reasons for the deforestation of the Amazon are expansive livestock raising (mainly cattle) and soybean crops, most of it for use as animal feed, and a minor percentage for edible oil processing (being direct human consumption for use as food nearly negligible), claims that are widely known to have a basis.
 () is usually synonymous with lacto-ovo-vegetarianism, and vegetarians are sometimes wrongly assumed to be pescetarians and/or pollotarians who tolerate the flesh of fish or poultry, respectively. Brazilian vegetarians reportedly tend to be urban, of middle or upper class and live in the Central-Southern half of the country. Since the 1990s, and especially since the 2010s, hundreds of vegan and vegetarian restaurants have appeared in the major cities of the country.
Argentina.
In Argentina, it was estimated that around 1% to 2% of the population were practicing vegetarianism in 2016. This percentage seems to be quickly rising though, as a study from 2020 put the number much higher, at about 12% of the population.

</doc>
<doc id="6946111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946111" title="Jim McGovern (golfer)">
Jim McGovern (golfer)

James David McGovern (born February 5, 1965) is an American professional golfer who has played on the PGA Tour and the Nationwide Tour.
Early life.
McGovern was born in Teaneck, New Jersey. He grew up in Oradell, New Jersey in a house adjoining the Hackensack Golf Club. McGovern attended Bergen Catholic High School and was a star football player there. However, a coach introduced him to golf during his junior year.
Amateur career.
McGovern initially attended the University of Arkansas as a non-scholarship member of its golf team. He transferred after two years to Old Dominion University in Norfolk, Virginia and was a member of that school's golf team. He turned pro in 1988 and joined the PGA Tour in 1991.
Professional career.
McGovern was a member of the PGA Tour from 1991–1998. His career year was 1993 when he won once, had two other top-10 finishes, earned $587,495 and finished 27th on the money list. His best finish in a major was T5 at the 1994 Masters Tournament. He had 14 career top-10 finishes in 386 PGA Tour events.
McGovern finished 19th in qualifying school and earned his PGA Tour card for 2008; he made the cut in 11 of 26 events. In 2009, he was back on the Nationwide Tour.
On January 1, 2011, McGovern became the head golf professional at White Beeches Golf &amp; Country Club in Haworth, New Jersey, 20 miles from midtown Manhattan. He is one of the few PGA Professionals who was also a PGA Tour winner.
On May 17, 2011, McGovern earned medalist honors at the local U.S. Open qualifier. His 4-under 68 at Ballyowen Golf Club gave him medalist honors by two strokes and also secured for him one of five spots available for the U.S. Open sectional qualifier at Canoe Brook on June 6. McGovern earned a spot in the 2014 PGA Championship through his finish at the PGA Professional National Championship after having to qualify in a playoff for one of the twenty positions. He occasionally continues to compete at senior major events and those sanctioned through the New Jersey section of the PGA of America.
Personal life.
McGovern lives in Oradell, New Jersey. His brother, Rob McGovern, played linebacker in the NFL.
Professional wins (9).
PGA Tour wins (1).
PGA Tour playoff record (1–0)
Ben Hogan Tour wins (3).
Ben Hogan Tour playoff record (1–0)
Results in major championships.
CUT = missed the half-way cut&lt;br&gt;
"T" = tied

</doc>
<doc id="6946112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946112" title="Peace of Cambrai">
Peace of Cambrai



</doc>
<doc id="6946115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946115" title="State Route 27 (Virginia 1918-1940)">
State Route 27 (Virginia 1918-1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6946124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946124" title="Steorn Ltd">
Steorn Ltd



</doc>
<doc id="6946126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946126" title="Mexican Shrimp Plant">
Mexican Shrimp Plant



</doc>
<doc id="6946128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946128" title="Veronica Cale">
Veronica Cale

Veronica Cale is a fictional character appearing in DC Comics publications and related media, commonly as a recurring adversary of the superhero Wonder Woman. A genius pharmaceutical tycoon and ruthless criminal mastermind, she was created by comic book writer Greg Rucka and first appeared in 2003's "Wonder Woman" (volume 2) #196. Cale is depicted as a brilliant scientist, as well as a brilliant capitalist, who uses the vastness of her intelligence and wealth for both philanthropy and personal gain. She has been consistently written as a character motivated by an envious resentment for Wonder Woman, whom she believes undeserving of esteem as a paragon of feminism.
Publication history.
Veronica Cale first appeared in "Wonder Woman" (vol 2) #196 (November 2003) and was created by Greg Rucka and Drew Johnson. Rucka stated his intent was to create a "Lex Luthor for Diana". She deeply resents Wonder Woman, whom she believes does not deserve society's high esteem as a paragon of feminism. Underpinning this acrimony is a deep-seated envy of her enemy's power and stature; Cale wishes in vain that she too could be a "Wonder Woman".
After the DC Comics' 2016 continuity-reboot known as "Rebirth", Veronica Cale has featured prominently in the reformulated origins of several of Wonder Woman's foes, including the Silver Swan and Doctor Cyber. Her plots against Wonder Woman have also brought her into league (and conflict) with several other members of the hero's rogues gallery, such as the Cheetah, Circe, Doctor Psycho, and Deimos and Phobos. She maintains an ongoing association with Colonel Marina Maru, the post-Rebirth Doctor Poison, who serves as one of her chief criminal operatives.
Fictional character biography.
Dr. Veronica Cale is a founding partner (with her friend Leslie Anderson) in Cale-Anderson Pharmaceuticals. Having grown up in poverty-ridden Dallas. Her mother encouraged her to read and towards education before dying of cancer. Veronica decided to confront her father, now a wealthy man living in Houston. He was coerced out of a sizable amount of money, but his marriage, career and reputation were not tarnished.
Veronica used the money to enter Harvard University at the age of sixteen. When she was 21, she had three PhDs in medical sciences. Three years later, she made the foundation of her fortune. Having worked hard to get to this position, she resents Wonder Woman for finding acceptance in Man's World so easily—much like Lex Luthor's resentment of Superman's status in Metropolis—and finds her message of peace simplistic, reasoning that it is easy to preach an end to conflict if you are a superstrong demi-goddess. When Diana writes "Reflections", a study of Amazon philosophy, Cale uses selected quotations from the book to spin the media against her.
When the book's most outspoken critic loses a debate, she arranges to have him killed at a demonstration, making it look like the book's proponents are responsible. She also uses Doctor Psycho to inflame both crowds.
Cale is subsequently bound, gagged, and locked in a closet by Psycho, who impersonates her for a brief period, before she is rescued by Wonder Woman. This does not change her opinion of the superheroine, but does have an influence on Dr. Anderson which Cale finds worrying.
She is later coerced by Circe and the gorgon Medusa into aiding in their vendetta against Wonder Woman and applying for legal guardianship of Circe's daughter Lyta as a way of removing Lyta from the Amazon island of Themyscira. The process is stopped midway through once Ares kidnaps Lyta from the island, leaving Circe to abandon her scheme with Cale.
This story plot was to have a larger part in the Wonder Woman comic, but was dropped due to the "Infinite Crisis" storyline. Cale's reaction to the media furor surrounding Wonder Woman's killing of Maxwell Lord and its consequences have not been recorded.
Cale also played a role in the creation of the third Silver Swan, Vanessa Kapatelis, by buying her from Sebastian Ballesteros, the then-current Cheetah, and turning her into a cyborg to fight Wonder Woman (although Anderson was then hired to "cure" Kapatelis by extracting the cybernetic components). 
"52".
Cale resurfaces in Week 26 of "52" as one of the abducted scientists on Oolong Island (and the only female among the group) and suffers a breakdown after unleashing the Four Horsemen upon the Black Marvel family. When Black Adam starts his worldwide crusade for vengeance, her conflicting feelings cause her to seduce the mentally unstable Will Magnus. When Black Adam actually arrives on the shores of Oolong Island, she attempts to take the blame for it, walking out to confront the maddened Adam. She is subsequently entirely ignored.
According to author notes in the fourth volume of the collected "52" editions, Cale was supposed to originally die at this point, casually slain by Black Adam. Further discussion changed her fate - subsequently, Cale leads the remaining mad scientists to form an independent collective. Their first problem is the return of the Four Horsemen of Apokolips. Cale ingests a semi-organic containment unit and uses it to absorb the Horsemen's essences. She is later seen undergoing an operation to remove the unit.
She is later seen in the pages of "Doom Patrol", being assisted by I.Q.
DC Rebirth.
Veronica Cale is reintroduced in the "DC Rebirth" universe as leader of the mysterious organization called Godwatch. In this timeline, Cale remains the radically successful corporation head who built her multi-million dollar business with her best friend Adrianna Anderson.
This time around, she was more than willing to ignore the exploits of one she disregarded as "that bubble-busted supermodel" whose edicts of peace through love Cale wrote off as a lie, thinking affection only made things worse instead of the other way around. Later on she finds the soul of her daughter Isadore had been stolen by Deimos and Phobos, twin sons of Ares. The Gods promise to restore her to normalcy only if Cale obtains knowledge of Themyscira's location. As part of the Rebirth reboot, Wonder Woman realizes she does not know the location of Themyscira; it was taken from her precisely to prevent minions of Ares from learning it to either free their master or kill him and take his station.
Cale spends several years attempting to manipulate Wonder Woman into remembering where to find it. In her first attempt, Adrianna Anderson; her best and closest associate is killed, and Cale creates an artificial intelligence based on her brain patterns which renames itself Dr. Cyber. Cale is also indirectly responsible for Barbara Ann Minerva's cursed betrothal to the misogynistic plant deity; Urzkartaga. She provided the archaeologist with funding and encouragement for her expedition at the behest of her own cruel patrons while Cyber engineered localized catastrophes to prevent Wonder Woman from learning when her friend was in danger, needing the power of another deity's avatar to breach the barrier cordoning paradise from the rest of the world; thus giving birth to the Cheetah. Realizing that Ares's sons would not keep their end of the bargain, Cale struck a pact with the ancient witch Circe to bind the two and make them subservient to her, first tricking Wonder Woman into a false flag operation, so the enchantress could siphon enough power to cast said terror gods into the forms of two Doberman Pinschers. Unfortunately for Cale, Ares himself had taken her daughter's soul from them and Cale would still need to find him and free him to get her back.
It was at this point Cale created the group Godwatch, consisting of herself, Dr. Cyber, Cheetah and a PMC (Private Military Company) led by Poison. After Wonder Woman frees Dr. Minerva from the Cheetah's curse, Cale has Sasha Bordeaux replaced with a bionic clone to procure the sealed form of Cheetah's lord and then forces her to become the Cheetah once more to save the lives of Steve Trevor, Etta Candy and Ferdinand the Kythotaur (as Ferdinand hails from Kythira, not Minos).
Ultimately, Cale and Wonder Woman locate Ares's prison and Deimos and Phobos are defeated, but Isadore could not return to the normal world with her soul intact due to Ares having freed her from his sons. The only way for her to remain whole was to go to Themyscira, which is mystically linked with Ares's prison. Heartbroken and bitter, Cale returns home knowing she will never see her daughter again and finds she is under FBI investigation for Godwatch's activities. A vengeful Cheetah then attacks Cale, but Wonder Woman intervenes. Dr. Cyber ensures the investigation yields no results and Wonder Woman confronts Cale asking her to help remove the Cheetah's curse, but Cale refuses.
Still nursing a grudge against the champion of the gods, Cale would secretly fund a menagerie of new supervillainesses coming out of the woodwork while remaining clean of their larceny. As her nemesis came to her in search of answers, Veronica simply replied that she enjoyed the joust, in spite of this Wonder Woman knew full well that these attacks across Washington were all a covert means of shoring lucrative defense contracts while also pursuing a personal vendetta against the Amazon. The latter connecting the ties said rogues have to the company mogul based on many of their facilities were supported by re-purposed/stolen xeno-technology provided by the amoral corporate executive.
Later on, as malefic gods from the Dark Multiverse would make their presence known across the planet, Cale would be contacted by the A.I. of her former friend Dr. Cyber about the disappearance of Barbara Minerva; the Cheetah. Veronica was somewhat surprised by the return of her digital contemporary after she did everything to keep her out of Cale-Anderson Pharmaceuticals mainframe, but was more intrigued by the prospect of having Cheetah back as a research subject after she nearly killed Veronica the last time they met. It was when the evil deities' presence could be felt by the more religious or supremacy-sensitive individuals in the world that Cheetah would escape her confinement by Cale's technical specialists, while seeking to destroy her would-be owner, but was saved by Wonder Woman at the last second just before Veronica could be thrown from her own office building.
After the cataclysm caused by the War God, Ares had enraptured the mythical plane, while Veronica found herself employing the Greek deity of vengeance Nemesis, using her both as an employee of Empire Industries and a new means of discrediting Wonder Woman by filing lawsuit for superpowers to be registered as typical citizens working 9 to 5 citizenship. It was not until later that the relationship between man and god was revealed to be inverse, that Nemesis was using Cale for her own ends, ends that Wonder Woman put to a close by embracing the vindictive scientist using empathy and not her fists. She realized that her adversary was acting out of fear and despair when realizing that Themyscira and the portion of the Sphere of the Gods which it gravitated around had vanished recently; Cale feared the worst as it meant that her daughter had disappeared alongside it. Diana reaffirmed her oath that no harm would come to Isadore while living amongst the Amazons by actively seeking out her homeland. Which, now that the mysticism barring her from return was no-more, allowed for mass transit too and from paradise again assuming it can be found. As good as to her word, and at risk of revealing her birthplace to her archenemy, Veronica was reunited with her beloved scion, albeit a bit surprised at how much she had grown since last she saw her.
The Rebirth version of Veronica Cale is a far more competent character than her pre-Flashpoint counterpart, manipulating Wonder Woman and her allies for years, finding ways of triumphing over gods and better at mixing business with criminal endeavor. She is also far more complex. While still holding Diana in contempt for much the same reasons as she did in prior continua, Cale was content to ignore her until Deimos and Phobos put Cale and Diana at odds. She hates the Olympians for the loss of her daughter and her best friend, blaming the Amazon for bringing her religious insanity into their lives, yet, by the same token, was truly heartbroken at the loss of her business partner and initially felt remorse for her role in Dr. Minerva's transformation into the Cheetah. Her progressive characterization would grow more callous and vindictive, using both her resources and intellect to further personal gain by arming potential adversaries to the demigoddess to secure even greater profit at her hated enemy's expense, both financially and in a misotheistic sense.
Powers and abilities.
Veronica Cale is the average non-meta standard of a typical homo sapiens who does not engage in regular exercise. While not intellectually on par with the likes of Niles Caulder or Brainiac, Cale is an able-bodied scientist and historian who earned more than 3 PhD's in her youth while attending Harvard University. Even before proper schooling her mother had long realized Cale held a high intellect, one she broadened with various intellectual facilities that expanded her perspicuity horizons. Cale would eventually put such intellect to exceptional use by rediscovering the location of her deadbeat father after he had moved out of country, only to blackmail him for a generous sum to maintain her silence. Cale would then move on to specialize in various medical, synthesis, electronics and community sciences; all in the pursuit of founding her own company. Having created a number of subsidiaries with which to bankroll her sizable fortune invested in selling software to Wayne Tech, showing credible business sense, as well as knowledge of psychology and sociology. Whilst having no formal combat training, she is efficient with ballistics and firearms. Her company also profits from various defense contracts, indicating she is also apt at weapons design.
Other versions.
In a pastiche of Golden Age stories printed as a back-up strip in "Wonder Woman" (vol. 2) #200, Cale is reinvented as a perfume manufacturer called Veronica Callow. When Wonder Woman refuses to promote her new perfume, Callow tries to discredit Wonder Woman by creating a robot duplicate named Superba who commits crimes.
In other media.
Film.
Veronica Cale appears in "", voiced by Constance Zimmer. This version is the head of Cale Pharmaceuticals; the secret mastermind behind Villainy Inc., who she sought to use to invade Themyscira and steal their technology for personal gain; and killer of Julia Kapatelis, which would lead to Villainy Inc. converting Julia's daughter Vanessa into Silver Swan. Veronica poses as Wonder Woman's ally throughout the film, but in a mid-credits scene Diana confronts her and reveals that she now knows everything, telling Veronica that she and Themyscira will be ready to fight back if she still means to invade.
Video games.
Veronica Cale appears in "DC Universe Online", voiced by Debra Cole.

</doc>
<doc id="6946129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946129" title="Pame Indians">
Pame Indians



</doc>
<doc id="6946133" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946133" title="Japanese Barberry">
Japanese Barberry



</doc>
<doc id="6946138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946138" title="Roya (given name)">
Roya (given name)

Roya ), "dream", "vision", is a female name of Persian origin. It is common in Iran, Afghanistan, and Azerbaijan. Notable persons named Roya include:

</doc>
<doc id="6946142" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946142" title="European Birch">
European Birch



</doc>
<doc id="6946153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946153" title="P. ackermannii">
P. ackermannii



</doc>
<doc id="6946154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946154" title="Tabassum Ferdous Shaon">
Tabassum Ferdous Shaon

Tabassum Ferdous Shaon (born c. 1979) is a Bangladeshi model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Bangladesh 2001. She represented Bangladesh at the 51st Miss World beauty pageant held in Sun City, South Africa on 16 November 2001. Shaon was selected by local tabloid "Manab Zamin" and London Link Promotion as Miss Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="6946155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946155" title="Ramon de Cardona">
Ramon de Cardona



</doc>
<doc id="6946157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946157" title="North Carolina Panthers">
North Carolina Panthers



</doc>
<doc id="6946164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946164" title="Kansas City (from Oklahoma!)">
Kansas City (from Oklahoma!)



</doc>
<doc id="6946167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946167" title="Molly on The Shore">
Molly on The Shore



</doc>
<doc id="6946171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946171" title="Canonical Huffman code">
Canonical Huffman code

In computer science and information theory, a canonical Huffman code is a particular type of Huffman code with unique properties which allow it to be described in a very compact manner. Rather than storing the structure of the code tree explicitly, canonical Huffman codes are ordered in such a way that it suffices to only store the lengths of the codewords, which reduces the overhead of the codebook.
Motivation.
Data compressors generally work in one of two ways. Either the decompressor can infer what codebook the compressor has used from previous context, or the compressor must tell the decompressor what the codebook is. Since a canonical Huffman codebook can be stored especially efficiently, most compressors start by generating a "normal" Huffman codebook, and then convert it to canonical Huffman before using it.
In order for a symbol code scheme such as the Huffman code to be decompressed, the same model that the encoding algorithm used to compress the source data must be provided to the decoding algorithm so that it can use it to decompress the encoded data. In standard Huffman coding this model takes the form of a tree of variable-length codes, with the most frequent symbols located at the top of the structure and being represented by the fewest bits.
However, this code tree introduces two critical inefficiencies into an implementation of the coding scheme. Firstly, each node of the tree must store either references to its child nodes or the symbol that it represents. This is expensive in memory usage and if there is a high proportion of unique symbols in the source data then the size of the code tree can account for a significant amount of the overall encoded data. Secondly, traversing the tree is computationally costly, since it requires the algorithm to jump randomly through the structure in memory as each bit in the encoded data is read in.
Canonical Huffman codes address these two issues by generating the codes in a clear standardized format; all the codes for a given length are assigned their values sequentially. This means that instead of storing the structure of the code tree for decompression only the lengths of the codes are required, reducing the size of the encoded data. Additionally, because the codes are sequential, the decoding algorithm can be dramatically simplified so that it is computationally efficient.
Algorithm.
The canonical Huffman algorithm converts a standard Huffman codebook into a standardized, or canonical, form. This is achieved by ordering the symbols according to a clear convention: first, sort all symbols by the length of their codeword, from shortest to longest. Second, for any symbols that have the same codeword length, sort them by their alphabetical or numerical value. This creates a definitive, sorted list of symbols.
The normal Huffman coding algorithm assigns a variable length code to every symbol in the alphabet. More frequently used symbols will be assigned a shorter code. For example, suppose we have the following "non"-canonical codebook:
 A = 11
 B = 0
 C = 101
 D = 100
Here the letter A has been assigned 2 bits, B has 1 bit, and C and D both have 3 bits. To make the code a "canonical" Huffman code, the codes are renumbered. The bit lengths stay the same with the code book being sorted "first" by codeword length and "secondly" by alphabetical value of the letter:
 B = 0
 A = 11
 C = 101
 D = 100
Each of the existing codes are replaced with a new one of the same length, using the following algorithm:
By following these three rules, the "canonical" version of the code book produced will be:
 B = 0
 A = 10
 C = 110
 D = 111
As a fractional binary number.
Another perspective on the canonical codewords is that they are the digits past the radix point (binary point) in a binary representation of a certain series. Specifically, suppose the lengths of the codewords are "l"1 ... "l"n. Then the canonical codeword for symbol "i" is the first "l"i binary digits past the radix point in the binary representation of
formula_1
This perspective is particularly useful in light of Kraft's inequality, which says that the sum above will always be less than or equal to 1 (since the lengths come from a prefix free code). This shows that adding one in the algorithm above never overflows and creates a codeword that is longer than intended.
Encoding the codebook.
The advantage of a canonical Huffman tree is that it can be encoded in fewer bits than an arbitrary tree.
Let us take our original Huffman codebook:
 A = 11
 B = 0
 C = 101
 D = 100
There are several ways we could encode this Huffman tree. For example, we could write each symbol followed by the number of bits and code:
 ('A',2,11), ('B',1,0), ('C',3,101), ('D',3,100)
Since we are listing the symbols in sequential alphabetical order, we can omit the symbols themselves, listing just the number of bits and code:
 (2,11), (1,0), (3,101), (3,100)
With our "canonical" version we have the knowledge that the symbols are in sequential alphabetical order "and" that a later code will always be higher in value than an earlier one. The only parts left to transmit are the bit-lengths (number of bits) for each symbol. Note that our canonical Huffman tree always has higher values for longer bit lengths and that any symbols of the same bit length ("C" and "D") have higher code values for higher symbols:
 A = 10 (code value: 2 decimal, bits: 2)
 B = 0 (code value: 0 decimal, bits: 1)
 C = 110 (code value: 6 decimal, bits: 3)
 D = 111 (code value: 7 decimal, bits: 3)
Since two-thirds of the constraints are known, only the number of bits for each symbol need be transmitted:
 2, 1, 3, 3
With knowledge of the canonical Huffman algorithm, it is then possible to recreate the entire table (symbol and code values) from just the bit-lengths. Unused symbols are normally transmitted as having zero bit length.
Another efficient way representing the codebook is to list all symbols in increasing order by their bit-lengths, and record the number of symbols for each bit-length. For the example mentioned above, the encoding becomes:
 (1,1,2), ('B','A','C','D')
This means that the first symbol "B" is of length 1, then the "A" of length 2, and remaining 2 symbols (C and D) of length 3. Since the symbols are sorted by bit-length, we can efficiently reconstruct the codebook. A pseudo code describing the reconstruction is introduced on the next section.
This type of encoding is advantageous when only a few symbols in the alphabet are being compressed. For example, suppose the codebook contains only 4 letters "C", "O", "D" and "E", each of length 2. To represent the letter "O" using the previous method, we need to either add a lot of zeros (Method1):
 0, 0, 2, 2, 2, 0, ... , 2, ...
or record which 4 letters we have used. Each way makes the description longer than the following (Method2):
 (0,4), ('C','O','D','E')
The JPEG File Interchange Format uses Method2 of encoding, because at most only 162 symbols out of the 8-bit alphabet, which has size 256, will be in the codebook.
Pseudocode.
Given a list of symbols sorted by bit-length, the following pseudocode will print a canonical Huffman code book:
 "code" := 0
 while more symbols do
 print symbol, "code"
 "code" := ("code" + 1) « ((bit length of the next symbol) − (current bit length))
 algorithm compute huffman code is
 input: message ensemble (set of (message, probability)).
 base "D".
 output: code ensemble (set of (message, code)).
 1- sort the message ensemble by decreasing probability.
 2- "N" is the cardinal of the message ensemble (number of different
 messages).
 3- compute the integer such as and is integer.
 4- select the least probable messages, and assign them each a
 digit code.
 5- substitute the selected messages by a composite message summing
 their probability, and re-order it.
 6- while there remains more than one message, do steps thru 8.
 7- select "D" least probable messages, and assign them each a
 digit code.
 8- substitute the selected messages by a composite message
 summing their probability, and re-order it.
 9- the code of each message is given by the concatenation of the
 code digits of the aggregate they've been put in.

</doc>
<doc id="6946175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946175" title="Trás-os-Montes and Alto-Douro University">
Trás-os-Montes and Alto-Douro University



</doc>
<doc id="6946177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946177" title="Murphy Broke The Pledge">
Murphy Broke The Pledge



</doc>
<doc id="6946180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946180" title="Victor Aaron">
Victor Aaron

Victor Aaron Ramirez (September 11, 1956 – September 4, 1996) was an American actor of Yaqui descent. He was the original voice of John Redcorn on "King of the Hill", which was taken over by Jonathan Joss in the show's second season following Aaron's death.
Early life.
Victor Aaron Ramirez was born on September 11, 1956, in Odessa, Texas. His parents were of Yaqui ancestry. Aaron grew up in a mobile home with his brothers and sisters in a poor family. After graduating from high school in Austin, he got married and worked for a casino. Afterward, he moved to California and became an actor.
Death.
Aaron died in a car accident on September 4, 1996, at the age of 39, one week before his 40th birthday, when his car was struck at an intersection by a truck that ran a red light. He was survived by two daughters. The "King of the Hill" episode "The Order of the Straight Arrow" is dedicated to his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="6946187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946187" title="Mary Lou (actress)">
Mary Lou (actress)

Mary Lou Kolbenschlag (born March 15, 1992) is an American actress. She is best known for playing Mary Ferry on the Nickelodeon television series "Unfabulous", also starring Emma Roberts.
Personal life.
Mary Lou was born in Burbank, California, and attended Burbank High School, also attended by Blake Lively of "Gossip Girl" fame.
Mary Lou is a featured artist at charity events with her live country-western show. Since taking a four-year hiatus from acting in 2010, she attends Princeton University in Princeton, New Jersey, where she is studying Art History as a member of the Class of 2014. Here she is a member of The Triangle Club, the oldest touring collegiate original musical comedy organization in the nation. She also sings soprano with the "Princeton Roaring 20".
Mary Lou received awards at CARE from 2005 - 2006. This is a red carpet event intended to honor child actors for their positive contributions to society and to the entertainment industry.
She is the cousin of actress Danneel Ackles.
Career.
Mary Lou's show business career started at age six when she entertained as a member of Singing Solo (a children's singing group located in La Mesa, CA) at a local street fair with a rendition of "The Good Ship Lollipop". After this performance, she chose acting as her career. Over the next few years, Lou went on to sing at over two dozen venues throughout Southern California, Texas and Tennessee, winning multiple local, state, regional, national and world championship titles.
Mary Lou has guest starred on "Phil of the Future", as a math-nerd named Alex, as well as "Glee", "3 lbs" and "What Should You Do?". She also appeared in made for TV movies including "Future Girls: Adventures in Marine Biology" and "Bad Mother's Handbook". She continues to audition daily for feature films, television and voiceover.
In 2004, Mary Lou landed her most prominent role till that point, on "Unfabulous" as a nerd named Mary Ferry. Sue Rose, executive producer of the show claims that Mary Ferry was only originally intended for one episode but was 'so funny and likable' she appears in thirty altogether. In 2008, the cast of "Unfabulous" were nominated for a Young Artist Award for Best Young Ensemble Performance in a TV Series.
She is a featured player on The Glass Cannon Network, a podcast network of tabletop role-playing games, where she plays Ragga Beardaughter on their show "Blood of the Wild".

</doc>
<doc id="6946188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946188" title="Fengshun County">
Fengshun County

Fengshun (postal: Fungshun or Pungshan; ) is a county in Meizhou City, in the east of Guangdong Province, southern China.
History.
Fengshun County was established in the third year of Qianlong reign of the Qing Dynasty (1738). It was placed under the jurisdiction of Chaozhou Prefecture at that time. From 1988, it is placed under the jurisdiction of Meizhou City.
Ethno-linguistic make-up.
Fengshun is noted for its large Hakka population.
Administrative divisions.
Fengshun County's executive, legislature and judiciary are based in Tangkeng (), along with its CPC and PSB branches. The county is responsible for the administration of 16 towns and one Township Enterprise.
Transport.
The area is served by Fengshun railway station on the Guangzhou–Meizhou–Shantou railway and Fengshun East railway station on the Meizhou–Chaoshan high-speed railway.

</doc>
<doc id="6946189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946189" title="National Emblem (march)">
National Emblem (march)



</doc>
<doc id="6946191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946191" title="Nearer, my God, to Thee">
Nearer, my God, to Thee



</doc>
<doc id="6946197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946197" title="Fort on the Shore">
Fort on the Shore



</doc>
<doc id="6946200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946200" title="KVVG-LP">
KVVG-LP



</doc>
<doc id="6946201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946201" title="Nothing But A Number">
Nothing But A Number



</doc>
<doc id="6946204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946204" title="Serious Crimes Unit">
Serious Crimes Unit

The Serious Crimes Unit was the official title given to an elite unit of International Police investigators during the United Nations 1999 to 2004 mission in East Timor. 
The unit ultimately took over the investigation of Human Rights violations alleged to have been committed in East Timor by Indonesian and pro-Indonesian military forces during 1999, from the UN Mandate that began in February, 1999. The unit's cases were tried before the Special Panels of the Dili District Court.
Many of the cases that were eventually handled by this unit included cases previously overseen by the UNTAET Crime Scene Detachment. One member of that squad of investigators, Karl Clark, played an intricate part in the Serious Crimes Unit investigations, and its eventual prosecution of war crimes suspects. 
From 20 May 2002 it was part of the United Nations Mission of Support to East Timor and was scheduled to complete its investigations by the end of the year, after which it would continue to provide assistance to prosecutors. At the end of the UNMISET mandate the Serious Crimes Unit was to preserve a complete copy of its records.
For part of its time the office was under-staffed, and in 2006 there was a wave of looting which destroyed some of the evidence against high Indonesian officials and scattered forensic evidence (human body parts) over the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="6946206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946206" title="Sound Blaster Card">
Sound Blaster Card



</doc>
<doc id="6946209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946209" title="Suolojávri (Lebesby)">
Suolojávri (Lebesby)

Suolojávri is a lake which lies in Lebesby Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake lies on the Sværholt Peninsula, about halfway between the villages of Børselv and Kunes.

</doc>
<doc id="6946212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946212" title="Hit Me With Your Best Shot">
Hit Me With Your Best Shot



</doc>
<doc id="6946213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946213" title="Fort on Shore">
Fort on Shore



</doc>
<doc id="6946215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946215" title="Suzanne de Goede">
Suzanne de Goede

Suzanne de Goede (born 16 April 1984) is a former Dutch professional racing cyclist.

</doc>
<doc id="6946216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946216" title="FC Khimki">
FC Khimki

FC Khimki () was a Russian professional football club based in Khimki.
History.
The team was formed in 1996 by merging two amateur clubs from Khimki, Rodina, and Novator. Khimki entered the amateur league and played their first official match on 17 May 1997. Of more than 150 amateur teams in the competition, only the champions would be promoted to the Third League. Khimki won the tournament, overcoming Energiya Ulyanovsk in the final match in a penalty shootout.
On 30 January 1997, Khimki became a professional football club. In the Third League regional tournament, Khimki finished second and were promoted to the Second League.
Khimki were promoted to the First Division after the 2000 season. They finished first in the "Centre" zone of the Second Division, but lost the promotion play-off to Severstal Cherepovets on away goals. After Severstal refused to play in the First Division, their place was given to Khimki.
In 2005, Khimki had a very good run in the Russian Cup, reaching the final. They lost the final match 0–1 to CSKA. In the 2019–20 Russian Cup, they reached the final once again.
On 15 May 2020, FNL season was abandoned due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Russia. As the club was in the 2nd position in the standings, they were promoted to the Russian Premier League for the 2020–21 season, returning to the top level after an 11-year break.
On 22 May 2023, Khimki were relegated from the Russian Premier League after three seasons.
On 20 May 2024, Khimki secured return to the top tier after one season down.
Khimki finished the 2024–25 Russian Premier League season in 12th place, outside of the relegation zone. However, on 24 May 2025 Russian Football Union announced that the club was not issued the 2025–26 RPL license due to accumulated debts, sealing their administrative relegation. Their replacement in the Premier League was FC Pari Nizhny Novgorod. Khimki were officially dissolved on 18 June 2025.
Notable players.
Had international caps for their respective countries. Players whose name is listed in bold represented their countries while playing for Khimki.

</doc>
<doc id="6946219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946219" title="Common Yarrow">
Common Yarrow



</doc>
<doc id="6946226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946226" title="Security future">
Security future



</doc>
<doc id="6946227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946227" title="Joe Hirsch Turf Classic Stakes">
Joe Hirsch Turf Classic Stakes

The Joe Hirsch Turf Classic Stakes is a Grade I American Weight for Age Thoroughbred horse race for three years old and older over a distance of miles on the turf track scheduled in late September or early October at . The event currently offers a purse of $500,000.
Race Course " changes ANNUALLY.
History.
The inaugural running of the event was on 19 November 1977 as the Aqueduct Turf Classic Stakes and was won by Johnny D., ridden by 17-year-old Steve Cauthen by lengths in a time of 2:33. The event was scheduled two weeks after the Washington D.C. International, an event that Johnny D. won as well earning him US Champion Male Turf Horse honors for 1977. The following year the event was held at Belmont Park. In 1979, the event was classified as Grade I and was returned to the Aqueduct and was held there until 1983.
In 1983 the name of the event was shortened to being called just the Turf Classic. The event drew the top Thoroughbreds from the U.S. and Europe when it was part of a million-dollar bonus for any horse who won it plus the Canadian International Stakes at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto and the Washington D.C. International at Laurel Park Racecourse in Laurel, Maryland. That year the champion French bred filly All Along was able to win the treble, winning the million-dollar bonus and being crowned US Champion Female Turf Horse and US Horse of the Year.
Other notable champions to win the event in the pre-Breeders' Cup era include the French bred mare, winner in 1978, Waya, who was crowned the US Champion Older Female Horse the following year. The Irish bred filly April Run won the event twice in 1981 and 1982. In 1982 she also won the Washington D.C. International and was voted as US Champion Female Turf Horse. John Henry remarkably won this event in 1984 as a nine-year-old and what would be his second last start. He was crowned the US Horse of the Year that year.
Early in the Breeders' Cup era the event immediately become one of the major preparatory races for the Breeders' Cup Turf. The 1986 winner, the three-year-old Manila, and the 1987 winner, the Irish bred Theatrical, both won the Breeders' Cup Turf and were voted US Champion Male Turf Horse. In 1994 Tikkanen also won the Turf Classic-Breeders' Cup Turf double enroute to US Champion Male Turf Horse.
In 2004 the event was renamed in honor of Joe Hirsch, the award-winning racing columnist and founding president of the National Turf Writers Association. Joe Hirsch, aged 80, died on January 9, 2009.
Dual winner English Channel was a Breeders' Cup Turf winner in 2007 and also the sire of Channel Maker, a dual winner (2018, 2020) and second-placed finisher in 2019 of this event.
In 2022 the event was moved to Aqueduct Racetrack due to infield tunnel and redevelopment work at Belmont Park. The 2022 &amp; 2023 winner was English Channel's daughter War Like Goddess, with his offspring successful in the event for the fourth time.
Records.
Time record: 
Margins:
Most wins:
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:
Winners.
Legend:
Notes:
§ Ran as an entry
ƒ Filly or Mare

</doc>
<doc id="6946231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946231" title="Alexander Hammid">
Alexander Hammid



</doc>
<doc id="6946234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946234" title="List of municipalities of the Metropolitan City of Capital Rome">
List of municipalities of the Metropolitan City of Capital Rome

The following is a list of the 121 municipalities ("comuni") of the Metropolitan City of Rome Capital (formerly the Province of Rome) in the region of Lazio in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6946235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946235" title="Mimbres Mountains">
Mimbres Mountains



</doc>
<doc id="6946239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946239" title="Battle of Kouan">
Battle of Kouan



</doc>
<doc id="6946243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946243" title="Damask Horsechestnut">
Damask Horsechestnut



</doc>
<doc id="6946252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946252" title="American Hophornbeam">
American Hophornbeam



</doc>
<doc id="6946254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946254" title="The true oldies channel">
The true oldies channel



</doc>
<doc id="6946270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946270" title="Monochrome display">
Monochrome display



</doc>
<doc id="6946274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946274" title="Bishop of Ely">
Bishop of Ely

The Bishop of Ely is the ordinary of the Church of England Diocese of Ely in the Province of Canterbury. The diocese roughly covers the county of Cambridgeshire (with the exception of the Soke of Peterborough), together with a section of north-west Norfolk and has its episcopal see in the City of Ely, Isle of Ely in Cambridgeshire, where the seat is located at the Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity. The diocesan bishops resided at the Bishop's Palace, Ely until 1941; they now reside in Bishop's House, the former cathedral deanery.
The roots of the Diocese of Ely are ancient and the area of Ely was part of the patrimony of Saint Etheldreda. Prior to the elevation of Ely Cathedral as the seat of the diocese, it existed as first as a convent of religious sisters and later as a monastery. It was led by first by an abbess and later by an abbot. The convent was founded in the city in 673. After St Etheldreda's death in 679 she was buried outside the church. Her remains were later translated inside, the foundress being commemorated as a great Anglican saint. The monastery, and much of the city of Ely, were destroyed in the Danish invasions that began in 869 or 870. A new Benedictine monastery was built and endowed on the site by Saint Athelwold, Bishop of Winchester, in 970, in a wave of monastic refoundations which also included Peterborough and Ramsey. In the Domesday Book in 1086, the Abbot of Ely is referenced as a landholder of Foxehola. The abbey became a cathedral in 1109, after a new Diocese of Ely was created out of land taken from the Diocese of Lincoln. From that time the line of bishops begins.
History.
The earliest historical notice of Ely is given by the Venerable Bede who writes (, IV, xix):
This district was assigned in 649 to saint Æthelthryth, daughter of Anna, king of the East Angles, as a dowry in her marriage with Tonbert of the South Girvii. After her second marriage to Ecgfrith of Northumbria, she became a nun, and in 673 returned to Ely and founded a monastery on the site of the present cathedral. As endowment she gave it her entire principality of the isle, from which subsequent Bishops of Ely derived their temporal power. Æthelthryth died in 679 and her shrine became a place of pilgrimage. In 870 the monastery was destroyed by the Danes, having already given to the Church four sainted abbesses, Æthelthryth and her sister Seaxburgh, the latter's daughter Ermenilda, and Ermenilda's daughter Werburgh. Probably under their rule there was a community of monks as well as a convent of nuns, but when in 970 the monastery was restored by King Edgar and Ethelwold it was a foundation for monks only.
For more than a century the monastery flourished, and about the year 1105 Abbot Richard suggested the creation of the See of Ely, to relieve the enormous Diocese of Lincoln. The pope's brief erecting the new bishopric was issued 21 November 1108, and on 17 October 1109 King Henry I granted his charter, the first bishop being Hervé le Breton, or Harvey (1109–1131), former Bishop of Bangor. The monastery church thus became one of the "conventual" cathedrals. Of this building the transepts and two bays of the nave already existed, and in 1170 the nave as it stands to-day (a complete and perfect specimen of late Norman work) was finished. As the bishops succeeded to the principality of St Etheldreda they enjoyed palatine power and great resources.
The Bishops of Ely frequently held high office in the State and the roll includes many names of famous statesmen, including eight Lord Chancellors and six Lord Treasurers. The Bishops of Ely spent much of their wealth on their cathedral, with the result that Ely can show examples of Gothic architecture of many periods. Another of the Bishop’s Palaces was in Wisbech on the site of the former Wisbech Castle. Thurloe's mansion which replaced it was allowed to fall into disrepair and sold to Joseph Medworth.
They also had a London residence called Ely Place.
Among the bishops Geoffry Riddell (1174–1189) built the nave and began the west tower, Eustace (1198–1215) the West Porch, while Hugh de Northwold (1229–1254) rebuilt the Norman choir and John Hotham (1316–1337) rebuilt the collapsed central tower – the famous Octagon. Hugh (or Hugo) de Balsham (1258–1286) founded Peterhouse, the first college at the University of Cambridge, while John Alcock (1486–1500) was the founder of Jesus College and completed the building of the bishop's palace at Wisbech, commenced in 1478 by his predecessor John Morton later Archbishop of Canterbury.
Goodrich was a reformer and during his episcopate the monastery was dissolved. The last bishop in communion with the see of Rome was Thomas Thirlby. Since the Reformation, notable bishops have included Lancelot Andrewes, Matthew Wren, Peter Gunning and Simon Patrick who, in 1695 gave the Shambles estate in Wisbech, to provide clothing for the poor.
List of bishops (1109–).
From then on, Ely was under the Bishop of Ely.
Assistant bishops.
Among those who have served as assistant bishops of the diocese have been:
Further reading.
Peter Meadows, ed., "Ely: Diocese and Bishops, 1109-2009" (The Boydell Press, 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="6946278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946278" title="Butcher of Amritsar">
Butcher of Amritsar



</doc>
<doc id="6946280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946280" title="Sunset Beach, Vancouver">
Sunset Beach, Vancouver



</doc>
<doc id="6946287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946287" title="Platinum Triangle">
Platinum Triangle

Platinum Triangle can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6946289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946289" title="Anceins">
Anceins

Anceins () is a former commune in the Orne department in northwestern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of La Ferté-en-Ouche.

</doc>
<doc id="6946293" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946293" title="Annual mallow">
Annual mallow

Annual mallow is a common name for several plants and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6946296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946296" title="Frank Reade, Jr.">
Frank Reade, Jr.



</doc>
<doc id="6946303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946303" title="Annual Pink">
Annual Pink



</doc>
<doc id="6946304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946304" title="Shelton Smith">
Shelton Smith

Shelton L. Smith (born December 4, 1942) is an American preacher, author, and current editor of "The Sword of the Lord", a Christian fundamentalist publisher based in Murfreesboro, Tennessee. He is also involved with the Independent Baptist movement.
History.
Shelton Smith was a longtime pastor, his longest tenure being at Church of the Open Door/Carroll Christian Schools in Westminster, Maryland, from 1979 to 1995. He received his Master of Theology in Systematic Theology in 1972 and Doctor of Ministry in Practical Theology in 1976 both from Luther Rice Seminary, and he also received his Doctor of Theology from Midwestern Baptist College &amp; Seminary in 2003.
With the passing of Curtis Hutson, Smith became the editor of "The Sword of the Lord" in April 1995. Smith has continued to lead "The Sword" with its association with the Independent Baptist movement and continues editing the newspaper as well as preaching in churches around America.

</doc>
<doc id="6946308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946308" title="JL-10A">
JL-10A

The JL-10A airborne radar is a highly digitized pulse-Doppler radar with slotted planar array developed for the People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) as a replacement for the older Type 232H radar currently employed by the Chinese air force. The radar is built to MIL-STD-1553 standard so it is compatible with western electronics and weaponry. Originally, the radar is capable of simultaneously tracking 10 targets (later to be upgraded to 15) and engaging 2 (later to be upgraded to 6) of the 10 tracked when using semi-active radar homing air-to-air missiles, or 4 of the 10 tracked when using active radar homing air-to-air missiles.
Although the radar has the terrain following and terrain avoidance capabilities, they are rarely used, instead, it is compatible with navigational pods such as the Chinese Blue Sky low altitude navigation pod that enable the aircraft to have these two capabilities. The reason for using navigational pod with terrain following / avoidance radar in conjunction with JL-10A is to have a dedicated terrain following / avoidance mode purely for low level flight, while the fire control modes are continuous and separated from navigational modes such terrain following /avoidance, so that JL-10A would constantly stay at fire control modes instead of switching between terrain following / avoidance modes and other modes of operation. Unlike the much more advanced electronically scanned phased array airborne radars with each scan lasts only milliseconds, the JL-10A is a slotted planar array radar with each scan last from several seconds to a dozen seconds or greater, switching between different operational modes would take too long and thus deemed unacceptable under intense combat situations, so it would be far better to stay in the same operational mode to avoid any interruption under these situations. Reportedly, the terrain following / avoidance technology of JL-10A was developed from those originally obtained from captured terrain following radars from downed A-6 Intruders and General Dynamics F-111s during the Vietnam War.
In 2001, JL-10A achieved a 32:1 DBS (Doppler beam sharpening) capability, but it still lagged behind the 48:1 DBS capability of AN/APG-66, and it was not several years later when the JL-10A was finally upgraded with 64:1 DBS capability like that of AN/APG-68. Around the same time, JL-10A was also upgraded with the capability to simultaneously track 15 targets and engage 6 of the 15 tracked targets. By 2004, SAR capability was incorporated, and inverse SAR (ISAR) capability is reportedly under development.
The radar has already been tested and successfully installed on JH-7A Flying Leopard fighter-bombers and is capable of launching a scope of weapons including the C-802 anti-ship missile and the Russian Kh-31. 
Specification:
References.
JL-10A

</doc>
<doc id="6946317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946317" title="VABJ">
VABJ



</doc>
<doc id="6946328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946328" title="Unibet cycling">
Unibet cycling



</doc>
<doc id="6946332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946332" title="Charlotte Reather">
Charlotte Reather

Charlotte Reather is an English comedy writer, performer and journalist.
Personal life.
Educated at The Cheltenham Ladies’ College, Reather went on to study English literature at Kingston University. She is married to Edward Moorhouse, a Royal Marines officer. They have two children.
Career.
Reather started her career in comedy at the Institute of Contemporary Arts, featuring well-known performers such as Simon Munnery, Stewart Lee and Lee Mack. She has written for Newsrevue, the renowned comedy troupe based in London, writing material for their Edinburgh Festival show, which received 5 star reviews.
She co-wrote and starred in the 'GUM!GUM!' comedy sketches featuring National Youth Theatre contemporaries Beth Winslet and Marc Elliot and directed by Robert Llewellyn. This led to a pilot called 'Dirty Posh Girls' commissioned by Channel X and Fremantle. During that time Reather performed her stand up character 'Henrietta Arden-Bibby' on the circuit from 2008–2010, appearing in The Groucho Club Gang Show with Rich Fulcher from The Mighty Boosh.
Reather worked on The Bill, Dispatches and Channel 4 News. In 2004, she took part in a ‘life-swap’ for ITV1’s reality series 'Poor Little Rich Girls' and appeared on GMTV. Charlotte was host of "Society Chatshow" with Lady Colin Campbell and interviewed Jilly Cooper, Stefanie Powers, Sharron Davies.
She also co-presented ‘Result’ for Sky &amp; Granada with Sacha Baron Cohen and has presented on the US network and The Biography Channel for 'How to Marry a Prince.' She also made an appearance in 'Robsessed'.
She is a regular columnist and writer for NFU Countryside Magazine penning the popular column 'Charlie's Challenges' where she tries a new country craft or skill every month. She is a former humorous columnist for The Field Magazine (Wild Life 2008–2012) and occasional columnist for Country Life. She contributes to "The Daily Mail", "The Mail on Sunday", "Sunday Express" "The Daily Telegraph", "The Washington Post", "Woman &amp; Home", "Tatler" etc.
Reather wrote Extreme Fishing with Robson Green based on the successful IWC Media and Channel Five television programme, Extreme Fishing with Robson Green, published by Simon and Schuster. The book reached Number One on "The Sunday Times Bestsellers" list in 2013.
Reather writes a comedy blog on marriage and motherhood - Vanessa Wilde and is turning her hand at fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="6946334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946334" title="Clown College">
Clown College



</doc>
<doc id="6946338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946338" title="Nelson piquet junior">
Nelson piquet junior



</doc>
<doc id="6946342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946342" title="Sea Pink">
Sea Pink



</doc>
<doc id="6946345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946345" title="Vabj">
Vabj



</doc>
<doc id="6946348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946348" title="Tewksbury Township Schools">
Tewksbury Township Schools

The Tewksbury Township Schools is a community public school district which operates two schools serving students in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade from Tewksbury Township, in Hunterdon County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey.
As of the 2021–22 school year, the district, comprising two schools, had an enrollment of 500 students and 55.8 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 9.0:1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "J", the-highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
Public school students in ninth through twelfth grades attend Voorhees High School in Lebanon Township (although the mailing address is Glen Gardner), which also serves students from Califon Borough, Glen Gardner Borough, Hampton Borough, High Bridge Borough and Lebanon Township. As of the 2021–22 school year, the high school had an enrollment of 780 students and 76.4 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 10.2:1. The school is part of the North Hunterdon-Voorhees Regional High School District, which also includes students from Bethlehem Township, Clinton Town, Clinton Township, Franklin Township, Lebanon Borough and Union Township who attend North Hunterdon High School in Annandale.
History.
The community's original elementary school, Sawmill, opened in 1951 and was sold in 2003 for $1 million to the Hunterdon County Educational Services Commission.
Awards and recognition.
Tewksbury Elementary School was recognized in 2011 as a Blue Ribbon School by the United States Department of Education.
Old Turnpike School was one of nine schools in New Jersey honored in 2020 by the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program, which recognizes high student achievement.
Schools.
Schools in the district (with 2021–22 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are: 
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:
Board of education.
The district's board of education, comprised of nine members, sets policy and oversees the fiscal and educational operation of the district through its administration. As a Type II school district, the board's trustees are elected directly by voters to serve three-year terms of office on a staggered basis, with three seats up for election each year held (since 2012) as part of the November general election. The board appoints a superintendent to oversee the district's day-to-day operations and a business administrator to supervise the business functions of the district.

</doc>
<doc id="6946349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946349" title="USS Pioneer (frigate)">
USS Pioneer (frigate)



</doc>
<doc id="6946356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946356" title="Mohawk Air Flight 121">
Mohawk Air Flight 121



</doc>
<doc id="6946361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946361" title="Tatiana Guderzo">
Tatiana Guderzo

Tatiana Guderzo (born 22 August 1984) is an Italian professional cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Women's Continental Team .
She won the world road race championship on 26 September 2009 at Mendrisio, Switzerland and a bronze medal in the road race at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Major results.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="6946363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946363" title="Aronia arbutifolia">
Aronia arbutifolia

Aronia arbutifolia, called the red chokeberry, is a North American species of shrubs in the rose family. It is native to eastern Canada and to the eastern and central United States, from eastern Texas to Nova Scotia inland to Ontario, Ohio, Kentucky, and Oklahoma.
"Aronia arbutifolia" is a branching shrub forming clumps by means of stems forming from the roots. Flowers are white or pink, producing black or bright red fruits. The fruits, whose ill taste inspired the common name, are bitterly acidic (though edible) when eaten raw, but are high in pectin and can be used to make delicious thick jams and jellies.
It is a popular landscaping plant.
Ecology.
Habitat.
"A. arbutifolia" may be found in habitats such as titi bogs, boggy pine flatwoods, various hammocks, and other wet environments. It generally has no response to soil disturbance via clearcutting and chopping.
Herbivory.
"A. arbutifolia" has been often observed to host insect species such as sweat bees, as well as bees from the Andrenidae family.
It has been reported to be consumed by marsh rabbits, and accounts for 5-10% of the diet of a variety of game bird and songbird species.

</doc>
<doc id="6946367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946367" title="Aronia melanocarpa">
Aronia melanocarpa

Aronia melanocarpa, called the black chokeberry, is a species of shrubs in the rose family native to eastern North America, ranging from Canada to the central United States, from Newfoundland west to Ontario and Minnesota, south as far as Arkansas, Alabama, and Georgia. This plant has been introduced and is cultivated in Europe.
It is a branching shrub with glossy dark green leaves that take on a red color in the autumn; it grows well in the sun and part-shade, often to heights of six feet (1.8 m) or more, forming clumps by means of stems rising from the roots. Its flowers are white or pink, appearing at the end of spring and producing black fruits in September. The plants are relatively easy to clone and root, with summer being the optimal time to take cuttings. Some birds eat the berries.
When raw, the fruits are astringent, but the flavor improves when used in recipes with added sugar.
The phenolic compounds of the berries demonstrate possible anticancer activity.

</doc>
<doc id="6946369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946369" title="Mean time">
Mean time



</doc>
<doc id="6946372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946372" title="BHJ">
BHJ

BHJ may refer to:
In optoelectronics:
Facilities that share a runway and IATA code:

</doc>
<doc id="6946378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946378" title="Ascelpias tuberosa">
Ascelpias tuberosa



</doc>
<doc id="6946381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946381" title="Exploding trousers">
Exploding trousers

In New Zealand in the 1930s, farmers reportedly had trouble with exploding trousers as a result of attempts to control ragwort, an agricultural weed.
Farmers had been spraying sodium chlorate, a government recommended weedkiller, onto the ragwort, and some of the spray had ended up on their clothes. Sodium chlorate is a strong oxidizing agent, and reacted with the organic fibres (i.e., the wool and the cotton) of the clothes. Reports had farmers' trousers variously smoldering and bursting into flame, particularly when exposed to heat or naked flames. One report had trousers that were hanging on a washing line starting to smoke. There were also several reports of trousers exploding while farmers were wearing them, causing severe burns.
The history was written up by James Watson of Massey University in a widely reported article, "The Significance of Mr. Richard Buckley's Exploding Trousers" − which later won him an Ig Nobel Prize.
On television.
In their May 2006 "Exploding Pants" episode the popular U.S. television show "MythBusters" investigated the idea that trousers could explode based on the events of New Zealand in the 1930s.
Experimenters tested four substances on 100% cotton overalls:
Each of these were put to four different ignition methods: flame, radiant heat, friction, and impact. Although not naming "the herbicide" as sodium chlorate, they confirmed that trousers impregnated therewith would indeed vigorously combust upon exposure to flame, radiant heat, and impact, though their friction tests did not cause ignition. However, combustion (i.e. an exothermic chemical reaction between a fuel and an oxidant) is not the same as an explosion, which involves a rapid increase in volume accompanied by the release of energy in an extreme manner (i.e. a shock wave). Even so, a person witnessing such an event (especially if they were wearing the trousers) would likely describe such a sudden event as an explosion.
The tests also revealed that none of the other three substances caused combustion of the trousers, thus indicating that sodium chlorate was probably a cause for the events that occurred.

</doc>
<doc id="6946382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946382" title="List of municipalities of the Province of Viterbo">
List of municipalities of the Province of Viterbo

The following is a list of the 60 municipalities ("comuni") of the Province of Viterbo, Lazio, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6946384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946384" title="Laurentiu Bus">
Laurentiu Bus



</doc>
<doc id="6946385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946385" title="Laurentiu Florea">
Laurentiu Florea



</doc>
<doc id="6946390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946390" title="Leonardo Gonzalez">
Leonardo Gonzalez



</doc>
<doc id="6946393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946393" title="Leonardo Jose Aparecido Moura">
Leonardo Jose Aparecido Moura



</doc>
<doc id="6946398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946398" title="Leonardo Araujo">
Leonardo Araujo



</doc>
<doc id="6946400" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946400" title="Lars-Ake Lagrell">
Lars-Ake Lagrell



</doc>
<doc id="6946401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946401" title="Lajos Satmareanu">
Lajos Satmareanu



</doc>
<doc id="6946402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946402" title="Ladislau Boloni">
Ladislau Boloni



</doc>
<doc id="6946404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946404" title="Bishop of Leicester">
Bishop of Leicester

The Bishop of Leicester is the Ordinary of the Diocese of Leicester in the Province of Canterbury of the Church of England.
Through reorganisation within the Church of England, the Diocese of Leicester was refounded in 1927, and St Martin's Church became Leicester Cathedral. The present bishop's residence is Bishop's Lodge, Knighton, south Leicester. Martyn Snow became Bishop of Leicester with the confirmation of his election on 22 February 2016.
Assistant bishops.
Other assistant (or coadjutor) bishops of the diocese include:
Cecil de Carteret, former Bishop of Jamaica, was appointed to serve as assistant-bishop from 1932, but he died in ill-health on 3 January, unable to take up the appointment.
Honorary assistant bishops — retired bishops taking on occasional duties voluntarily — have included:

</doc>
<doc id="6946409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946409" title="Eleagnus umbellata">
Eleagnus umbellata



</doc>
<doc id="6946413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946413" title="Batticalao">
Batticalao



</doc>
<doc id="6946415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6946415" title="Pick Up The Pieces">
Pick Up The Pieces



</doc>
