<doc id="6977475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977475" title="American darts">
American darts

American darts is a regional variant of the game of darts, most often found in eastern Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, and parts of New York state. American darts originated in eastern Pennsylvania in the early 20th century; this style of darts was first played in both the Philadelphia area and the Coal Region of Northeastern Pennsylvania.
Despite the name of this variant, the most common form of darts in the United States is the traditional English version.
Dartboard.
There are a number of differences between an American board and a traditional English board. American darts uses a board made of basswood, using the end grain. High-quality boards have rotatable centers that can be turned so the board will wear more evenly.
Embedded in the board are thin steel wires that separate the board into scoring sections, as opposed to the wider steel dividers placed onto the surface of traditional boards. On those English boards, the wider steel makes it much more likely that the dart will hit the steel divider and bounce off onto the floor. Since the dividers on an American board are much thinner, usually around , and they are completely pressed into the surface, it is extremely unlikely that the dart will bounce off from hitting the steel.
The scoring areas on an American darts board are also laid out differently from an English board. The center bullseye (or cork) on an American board is one section; there is no "inner" and "outer" bullseye. Additionally, unlike the English board, the treble ring is not halfway between the outer edge and the bullseye; rather triple is itself on the outer edge, and the double ring is directly adjacent to it, just inside the triple ring. The remainder of the board is the single scoring area. The bullseye is colored red, the single area is uncolored, the double ring is red, and the outermost triple ring is uncolored. The entire scoring area is bounded by a large out-of-bounds blue ring.
The number sequence (20, 1, 18, 4, etc.) is the same as on an English dart board.
Height and distance.
An "American" board is mounted a few inches lower, and a few inches closer, than the more commonly seen "English" board. The center of the cork is from the floor. The distance is set at from the "back" of the dartboard. This would result in a distance of from the center of the cork to the throw line. On the other hand, the ABDA (American Baseball Darts Association) sets the distance at from the "front" of the board. This is from the centre of the cork to the throw line.
Darts.
The darts are made of wooden barrels, fletched with turkey feather flights glued in place. A metal tip assembly is bored into the end of the wooden section. The exposed (visible) end of the tip assembly is either tempered steel or brass. The other end of the tip assembly (the section inserted inside the wood barrel) had a lead weight attached. Placing this heavier end of the metal assembly inside the wood tends to move the center of gravity away from the tip and towards the center of the dart, creating a stable flight.
Standard sized American darts are long, and are known as size #1 darts. These darts weigh anywhere from , depending on the wood and metals used.
General scoring rules.
The thin wires separating the scoring sections on the board occasionally overlap slightly, due to the manufacturing process. Any dart splitting the wires (landing in the tiny area where two wires overlap) is credited in the shooter's favor. For example, if the dart splits the wires separating the two and three point zones, the player is awarded three points. If the dart splits the wires separating the three point zone and the blue ring, the player is credited with three points.
Since the shafts of the darts are made from wood, and the tips are sharpened metal, it is possible for a dart to stick into the shaft of a previously thrown dart. The scoring of any dart is determined by where the tip of the dart lands, and since the tip of this dart is not in the board, the dart that is stuck in the barrel of another scores no points at all. It is considered the same as if it missed the board.
Etiquette.
One notable etiquette difference from traditional "English" style darts is that in American darts, each player leaves the thrown darts in the board for the next player, rather than retrieving them.
This is done for several practical reasons:
Games.
Baseball.
The standard game is Baseball (also known as "1 to 9"). Players take turns shooting three darts at each inning. They begin with inning number one and continue in order until they have shot nine innings. Darts landing in the thin uncolored outermost ring are worth 3 points. The red ring is worth 2 points, and the inside area is worth 1 point. Darts landing in the bullseye are worth zero. Also, any dart landing outside the triple ring do not score (the large blue ring beyond the treble ring is merely the out-of-boards marker, and is not a scoring area).
The maximum score in each inning is nine points—all three darts landing in the three-point area. A perfect game in Baseball would be a score of 81. This would consist of 27 consecutive darts (over nine innings), all landing in the three-point zone. This has never been achieved. The highest known score shot in tournament play is 72.
Recreational shooters will average around 20 points in a game. Regular shooters will score in the low 30s, competitive league shooters will average in the upper 30's to lower 40's, and the best shooters will "average" in the upper 40s to 50s. Of course, single game scores can be much higher (see the 72 mentioned above).
If the game is tied at the end of nine innings, extra innings are shot to determine the winner, starting with inning ten.
Some regional variations in scoring for Baseball exist. In the most common variation, the competitors mutually agree to a minimum required score per frame. For example, if the agreed minimum score is five, if the shooter or the team does not score at least five points for the number, the shooter or team receives no points for that frame. Generally, the greater the number of shooters on a team, the higher the minimum score per frame required.
The American Baseball Darts Association presides over the largest American dart tournaments. This includes the annual Pennsylvania State Dart Tournament, the largest American Darts event.
Team Game of Baseball.
In a team game of Baseball, the arrangement of the lineup matters and can impact the result. Careful consideration is required to choose the order of a team's players. For example, in a 5 vs. 5 team game of baseball, the best shooters will often go last. It is also common for the second or third-best shooter to go first. A common order for a team of 5 would be:
1. "Opener" or "Vanguard Shooter": the shooter that goes first. This person is usually the 2nd or 3rd best player on the team. They serve as a tone-setter and are expected to be consistent and create a rhythm for the rest of the team to follow. 
2-3: "Middle Shooters": These shooters tend to be more average and less consistent. Their role is to maintain the momentum created by the opener and contribute as many runs as possible.
4: "Set-Up Shooter": Often the 2nd or 3rd best player. They tend to score higher than most players and shoot with a good level of consistency. They typically stabilize the team's scoring performance and can help the team catch up if earlier shooters didn't score as much as expected. 
5: "Ringer", "Anchor" or "Closing Shooter": The last shooter is often the best or 2nd best shooter on the team. This allows the best shooters to close out innings in order to maximize the score and secure a lead or catch up if the team is behind. The Ringer is also chosen based on their ability to handle close games and high-pressure situations.
Strikeout.
Strikeout is a common game played in the region, but can be played just as easily on a traditional board as on an American Style board. The game is for individual players or teams.
To start, each team throws one dart at the cork (or bullseye). Whichever team is closest to the center shoots first, the next closest team will shoot second, etc.
The first player shoots three darts, scoring the in standard "traditional" manner. Thus, a triple 20 is worth sixty points, a double 9 is worth eighteen points, a single 11 is worth eleven points, and so on. The center cork is worth 100 points. Players attempt to accumulate as many points as possible with their three darts. If playing as a team, the teammates shoot in sequence, with their individual scores added together to get their team score.
The key rule of Strikeout is that the first dart to land in the 20-number scoring area sets that shooter's "number" for the remainder of the inning. Once that number is set, that number is the only number that can be scored for the remainder of the inning (with the exception of the center cork, which is always in play, regardless of the set "number"); the other nineteen numbers on the board are worth zero points for the remainder of the shooter's inning. So if a player throws his or her first dart at 20, in order to score the maximum possible points, but he or she misses and it lands in the 1 area, that player has established 1 as their number for their second and third darts. Thus, even if the last two darts were to land in 20, they would be scored as zero. Once a player establishes a poor number, the best strategy for the remainder of the inning is to just shoot at the 100-point cork, since even three darts in triple 1 would score only nine points. If the first dart does not land in one of the 20 scoring numbers (either misses the board completely, or hits the 100-point cork), the "number" is not yet established for that inning, and the shooter is still free to score in any of the 20 numbers on the second dart (likewise for the third dart, if both the first two darts do not land in any of the 20 numbers).
Since the first dart sets the number, players will sometimes shun shooting at the 20, since a small miss will result in either a 1 or a 5 being set as the number. Often two adjacent numbers with solid values, such as 11/14 and 10/15 are chosen by lower-skilled players, since a small miss there does not result is such a large penalty (if you miss the 14 you'll still land in the 11, etc.).
The maximum score in an inning is 300 points (3 corks). The maximum score for a team (two players) is 600 points. Corks and scoring numbers can be combined; for instance, if a player shoots a double 20, a cork, and a single 20, that player would score 160 points (40 + 100 + 20). If a player shoots a single 20, a double 5, and a single 20, that player would score 40 points (20 + 0 + 20), since the dart in the 5 would not count (20 having been established as the "number" for that inning).
The name Strikeout comes from the method of eliminating players/teams. Once a player/team has finished shooting, their score is the target for the next team. The next team must "beat" the score established by the previous team (ties count as failing to beat the score). So if the first team scores 180 points, the next team must score at least 181 points. If they do not, they are given a strike, as in baseball. Once a team accumulates three strikes, they are eliminated from the game. The last team remaining is the winner.
Example 3-team game:
Team 2 is the winner
Regional &amp; Local Dart Leagues.
The American Baseball Dart Association hosts highly competitive American Darts leagues and tournaments across various locations. This includes the Annual PA State Dart Tournament which has been held for more than 50 years.
American Dart League of Brooklyn is a competitive American Dart League in Borough Park. Based in Brooklyn, NY.
The Bristol Borough American Dart League (BBADL) is a local competitive American Darts league in Bristol, Pennsylvania. Based in Bucks County, PA. 
The Delco Invitational Dart League (DIDL) is a local competitive American Darts league. Based in Delaware County, PA.
The Mountaintop Pub &amp; Eatery frequently hosts dart leagues and dart tournaments in Mountain Top, PA.

</doc>
<doc id="6977479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977479" title="D4 motorway (Slovakia)">
D4 motorway (Slovakia)

D4 motorway () is a Slovak motorway which, when completed, will form the outer ring road around Bratislava, speed up access to motorway networks and partially reduce traffic on the road network in the catchment areas of Bratislava. The D4 is one of Europe's largest public-private partnership (PPP) projects.
For decades, there was only a short stretch from Austrian border at Jarovce to the junction with D2 (part of the former D61), construction of which started in 1996 and was opened in 1998.
Construction of various other parts started in the late 2010s, with several openings throughout 2020 and 2021. The extension to the motorway D1 in Bratislava is underway, in order to connect the southern bypass of Bratislava to the country's main traffic artery. The outer ring road also intersects with expressway R7; parts of which are already open as well.
Chronology.
The connecting motorway on the Austrian side, Nordost Autobahn A6 was opened on 19 November 2007. The highway connects the border with Slovakia to the Ost Autobahn A4. It provided connection to 3rd of its 5 neighboring country. Until 2007, Slovakia was connected by motorway only to the Czech Republic and Hungary.
In 2016, the construction began of the motorway section from the D2xD4 junction near Jarovce to Bratislava, Rača. All the section was set to open in 2020, which was delayed due to construction problems. Therefore, only the Bratislava, South - Bratislava, Podunajské Biskupice and the Bratislava, Podunajské Biskupice - Bratislava, Vrakuňa sections were opened in 2020. The rest of the section opened in the fall of 2021. However, the D1xD4 junction has been delayed all the way to the year 2026.
On 24 November 2024, the slip road at Bratislava-vychod was put into operation, in the direction of D1 towards Trnava.
Future developments.
Funded by a strategic investment, the Bratislava-Rača – Bratislava-Záhorská Bystrica section is planned for future construction, including the twin-bore "Karpaty" tunnel at a length of . As of 2024, the planned construction start date is the fourth quarter of 2029 and the planned completion date is the second quarter of 2036.
The "Karpaty" tunnel would be the second longest of its type in Europe, and will take the new D4 motorway under the mountains. The tunnel will cost around €1-1.5bn.
References.
Content in this edit is translated from the existing Slovak Wikipedia article at ; see its history for attribution.

</doc>
<doc id="6977490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977490" title="Robert Fokkens">
Robert Fokkens

Robert Fokkens is a South African classical music composer. He is among a new generation of younger composers in post-apartheid South Africa. He was educated in Cape Town at Rondebosch Boys' School.
He currently teaches composition at Cardiff University School of Music.
His works are frequently performed in the UK, Europe and South Africa, including performances at the Wigmore Hall, the Purcell Room, the Holland Music Sessions, the Spitalfields Festival, the South African National Arts Festival in Grahamstown, and the Royal Festival Hall. He had works performed in Japan, Australia and the USA, and his music has been broadcast on BBC Radio 3. His music is included on a 2005 CD of South African choral music, "Towards the Light", recorded by the Commotio choir.
Fokkens previously studied at the South African College of Music at the University of Cape Town with Peter Klatzow, and at the Royal Academy of Music, where he held the Manson Fellowship in 2001–2. He has received many awards and scholarships and completed his PhD, supervised by Michael Finnissy at the University of Southampton in 2006.
The composer explored writing contemporary music theatre which escapes both ‘opera’ and ‘music theatre’ traditions, and aims at a wider audience than most contemporary music. His dramatic work is in the growing field of ‘physical theatre’, inspired by companies like Frantic Assembly, Gecko, Complicité, Theatre O and Ridiculusmus.
Current musical interests are in South African traditional musics, particularly Xhosa and Zulu bow music, and jazz and electronica.
Fokkens and soprano Sarah Dacey formed "Cabaret Fou" under the name “Pulse” in 2006 to explore contemporary song with roots in the European cabaret tradition (like Satie, Kurt Weill and Hanns Eisler).

</doc>
<doc id="6977491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977491" title="Ze Ramalho">
Ze Ramalho



</doc>
<doc id="6977496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977496" title="Meat Love">
Meat Love

Meat Love is a 1989 Czechoslovak animated short film directed and animated by Jan Švankmajer. It appears as a commercial in Švankmajer's feature-length film "Little Otik". It has also been shown on MTV.
Plot.
A knife chops two slices off a chunk of fresh meat. The first slice, using a nearby spoon as a hand mirror, admires itself. Similar admiration is expressed by the second slice, which slaps the first slice on its 'rear', causing it to cry out and retreat coyly behind a tea-towel. The second slice switches on the radio, and persuades its companion to dance 'cheek to cheek' to the sound of an old 1920s recording. One slice jumps into a plate of flour and teasingly 'splashes' the other. Soon, the two slices are writhing ecstatically in the flour. Their passion is short-lived, however, as almost immediately afterwards they are skewered and fried.

</doc>
<doc id="6977514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977514" title="Degaton">
Degaton



</doc>
<doc id="6977532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977532" title="Strange Relationship (Prince song)">
Strange Relationship (Prince song)



</doc>
<doc id="6977533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977533" title="Kitchen (bar)">
Kitchen (bar)



</doc>
<doc id="6977548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977548" title="Quebec City (ABA team)">
Quebec City (ABA team)



</doc>
<doc id="6977549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977549" title="Caesar's Rhine bridges">
Caesar's Rhine bridges

 
Caesar's bridges across the Rhine, the first two bridges on record to cross the Rhine river, were built by Julius Caesar and his legionaries during the Gallic War in 55 BC and 53 BC. Strategically successful, they are also considered masterpieces of military engineering.
Background.
During Caesar's conquest of Gaul it became necessary to secure the eastern border of the new provinces against plundering Germanic tribes. The tribes felt safe on the eastern side of the Rhine, trusting the river as a natural border which protected them from retaliation after their opportunistic raids into the province. Caesar decided to confront them and show support for the Ubians, an allied German tribe across the Rhine. 
While he could have crossed the river by boats which the Ubians had offered to provide, Caesar decided to build a bridge to demonstrate Rome's ability to bring the fight at any time to the Germanic tribes. Additionally, as he indicated in his "Commentary on the Gallic War", this approach conformed more to his own dignity and style.
Construction.
The first bridge.
Caesar's first bridge was most likely built between Andernach and Neuwied, downstream from Koblenz. Book 4 (Liber IV) of his commentaries gives technical details of this wooden beam bridge. Double timber pilings were rammed into the river bottom by raising a large stone with a winch and releasing it, driving the posts into the riverbed. The most upstream and downstream pilings were slanted and secured by a beam, and multiple segments of these then linked up to form the basis of the bridge. Conflicting models have been presented based on his description. Separate upstream pilings guarded against flotsam and possible attacks while guard towers protected the entries. The length of the bridge has been estimated to be 140 to 400 m (roughly 460 to 1,300 ft), and its width . The river is up to deep.
The construction of this bridge showed that Caesar, and Rome, could go anywhere, if only for a few days. Since he had over 40,000 soldiers at his disposal, they built the first bridge in only 10 days using local lumber. He crossed with his troops over to the eastern side and burned some villages but found that the Sugambri and Suebi tribes had moved eastward. The tribes had come together and were prepared to meet Caesar's army in battle, but when Caesar heard of this he quickly left the region, taking down the bridge behind him. He was only there for 18 days, and without fighting in any major battle, he returned to Gaul and cut the bridge down.
The second bridge.
Two years later Caesar built a second bridge near the site of the first one, possibly at today's Urmitz (near Neuwied). He built the bridge "in a few days", as described in Book 6 (Liber VI). His expeditionary forces raided the countryside, but did not encounter significant opposition as the Suebi retreated. Upon Caesar's return to Gaul, the bridge was taken down.
Results.
Caesar's strategy was effective, as he was able to secure the eastern border of Gaul. He demonstrated that Roman power could easily and at will cross the Rhine and henceforth for several centuries significant Germanic incursions across the Rhine were halted. Further, his feat served him in establishing his fame at home.
With Roman colonization of the Rhine valley more permanent bridges were built later at Castra Vetera (Xanten), Colonia Claudia Ara Agrippinensium (Cologne), Confluentes (Koblenz), and Moguntiacum (Mainz).
Controversies about the location.
Speculation about the location of the bridges is due to the temporary nature of the construction and the lack of a precise location in Caesar's report. However, diggings in the Andernach-Neuwied area found residual pilings that are considered to be remnants of Caesar's bridges. As an alternative site a place south of Bonn has been mentioned.

</doc>
<doc id="6977556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977556" title="Mass transportation in the United States">
Mass transportation in the United States



</doc>
<doc id="6977562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977562" title="Unit school district">
Unit school district



</doc>
<doc id="6977563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977563" title="Caesar's Rhine bridge">
Caesar's Rhine bridge



</doc>
<doc id="6977565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977565" title="Quebec Kebekwa">
Quebec Kebekwa



</doc>
<doc id="6977566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977566" title="Mount Catherine">
Mount Catherine

Mount Catherine (; ), is the highest mountain in Egypt. It is located near the town of Saint Catherine in the South Sinai Governorate.
The name is derived from the Christian tradition that angels transported to this mountain the body of the martyred Saint Catherine of Alexandria.
At the summit of the mountain, there is a chapel built in 1905 and a meteorological station.
History.
Archaeology.
On the north of Mount Catherine, archaeologists uncovered a cave with paintings of people and animals in red pigment dates back to the Chalcolithic Period,–4th millennium BC in January of 2020. According to John Darnell, red painted images are not as common as engraved images and text. The painting resembling a camel shows that at least some of the graffiti are not older than the first millennium BC and may belong to a later period. The cave was filled with graffiti from different periods over time.
Geology.
Mount Catherine is a large horst that rose in a vertical movement along the length of the Wadi Sabia fault in the Catherine Plateau during the Neogene period. The Catherine Plateau consists of different volcanic rocks that were formed at different times in the Precambrian era. These rocks include, among others: tuff, agglomerate, volcanic bombs and lava flows. The volcanic rocks in this area have experienced significant cracking and weathering, leading to the formation of extensive screes, leading to increased water infiltration and subsequently impacting the local water regime.
Climate.
Precipitation is infrequent and sporadic with occasional snowfall occurring on the summit. During the winter season, at the mountain's uppermost reaches, typical conditions include an average maximum temperature of and an average minimum temperature of . 
In summer, the average maximum temperature is and the average minimum temperature is . The average daily amplitude between temperatures is about .
Vegetation.
The snowfall on the mountain summits primarily infiltrates the screes, making it contribute minimally to the available water supply. Consequently, the mountain's vegetation is dominated by plants adapted to arid conditions. Within the mountainous region, various plant species thrive, including "Artemisia herba-alba" (mainly in the wadis), Zilla and "Atraphaxis". "Agathophora" grows on the exposed, windswept slopes, while "Tanacetum santolinoides" is commonly found in proximity to rocky surfaces. In Wadi Shaq Musa, which descends from the mountain, there is a concentration of Primula.
Christian tradition.
According to Christian tradition, Saint Catherine was tortured and killed in Alexandria by the Roman emperor Maxentius, at the beginning of the third century. She was executed because she refused to renounce her Christian faith.
According to one legend angels placed her body on top of the mountain, where it was discovered by a monk. 

</doc>
<doc id="6977572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977572" title="German submarine U-31 (S181)">
German submarine U-31 (S181)

"U-31" (S181) is a Type 212A submarine of the German Navy, and the lead ship of her class.
"U-31" was built by TKMS, with construction taking place at the shipyards of Thyssen Nordseewerke of Emden and Howaldtswerke at Kiel. Launched on 20 March 2002, "U-31" was commissioned alongside her sister ship "U-32" by German Minister of Defence Peter Struck in Eckernförde on 19 October 2005. "U-31" is propelled by one diesel engine and an electric motor driven by nine fuel cells, making the submarine virtually undetectable.
Korvettenkapitän Bert Petzold is the submarine's commanding officer.
History.
"U-31" was built in two sections, the stern and propulsion by , Emden and the bow at , Kiel. The boats of the Type 212A class cost around to build. Equipped with fuel cell technology and stealth skin, they are almost undetectable, and are able to remain submerged for up to three weeks. The fuel cells are virtually emission free, with the exception of distilled water, resulting in less noise, heat and exhaust fumes.
"U-31" and "U-32" were commissioned in a joint ceremony at Eckernförde on 19 October 2005 by Defence Minister Peter Struck, in the presence of the Inspector of the Navy Vice- Admiral Wolfgang E. Nolting. They and their sister ships are stationed in Eckernförde and form part of the "1st Submarine Squadron" () in .

</doc>
<doc id="6977573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977573" title="Mt. Catherine">
Mt. Catherine



</doc>
<doc id="6977576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977576" title="Kamna Jethmalani">
Kamna Jethmalani

Kamna Jethmalani is an Indian actress who primarily appears in Telugu films. She made her debut in 2005 with "Premikulu" and gained recognition with her first commercial success, "Ranam" (2006). She went on to play lead roles in several Telugu films and also appeared in Tamil, Malayalam, and Kannada films.
Early life.
Kamna Jethmalani was born into a Sindhi Hindu family in Mumbai. She is the granddaughter of businessman Shyam Jethmalani and the great-niece of lawyer and politician Ram Jethmalani. Ram Jethmalani is the brother of her grandfather. Her father, Nimesh Jethmalani, is a businessman, while her mother, Divya, is a homemaker. She has a brother, Kapil, and a sister, Karishma. Her pet name is "Dinky."
She was the runner-up at the Miss Mumbai contest in 2004 and also appeared in the music video of the pop song 'Chhod do Aanchal Zamaana Kya Kahega' by Bombay Vikings &amp; Mera Dadla by Vaishali Samant &amp; Avadhoot Gupte.
Personal life.
On 11 August 2014, Kamna married Suraj Nagpal, a Bangalore-based businessman.
Career.
She appeared in the video of "Chhod Do Aanchal Zamaana Kya Kahega" by Neeraj Shridhar – Bombay Vikings in 2004. The following year, she made her movie debut with the Telugu film "Premikulu". Though that film flopped, her subsequent film "Ranam" was a big hit. Her first Tamil film was Idhaya Thirudan with Jayam Ravi. She did an item number in the film "Sainikudu". She has acted in "Machakaaran" opposite Jeevan. Since then, she has done several south Indian films, in which she performed the lead role.

</doc>
<doc id="6977579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977579" title="Mount Saint Catherine">
Mount Saint Catherine



</doc>
<doc id="6977580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977580" title="Punamusta">
Punamusta

Punamusta () a printing and graphic design company in Joensuu, Finland. Its current (2010) director is Jari Avellan.
Punamusta is one of the largest printing companies in Finland. It is part of Pohjois-Karjalan Kirjapaino Plc. group headquartered in North Karelia, which also includes several local newspapers, including the "Karjalainen" daily newspaper, and a printing unit for packaging industry.
Punamusta prints brochures, advertising and promotional materials, newspapers, and magazines. It prints a number of magazines for Finnish, Russian and Scandinavian markets.

</doc>
<doc id="6977581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977581" title="Mount St. Catherine">
Mount St. Catherine



</doc>
<doc id="6977582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977582" title="Like Red on a Rose">
Like Red on a Rose

Like Red on a Rose is the fourteenth studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson. It was released on September 26, 2006. The album produced two singles, the title track and "A Woman's Love", which respectively reached numbers 15 and 5 on the Hot Country Songs charts.
This album was produced by singer Alison Krauss, who also selected the songs. "A Woman's Love", a re-recording of a song previously included on Jackson's 1998 "High Mileage" album, was the only song written by Jackson. It is Jackson's only album to date to not involve producer Keith Stegall, and exchanges his normal country sound for a soft rock/adult contemporary sound.
Personnel.
Adapted from the album's liner notes.
Charts and certifications.
"Like Red on a Rose" debuted at No. 4 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200, and No. 1 on the Top Country Albums selling 86,000 copies, becoming his ninth No. 1 country album. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA in January 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="6977589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977589" title="Charity Ngilu">
Charity Ngilu

Charity Kaluki Ngilu (born 28 January 1952) is a Kenyan politician and the second governor elected for Kitui County. She unsuccessfully vied to be President of the Republic of Kenya in 1997. She served as Minister for Health from 2003 until 2007 and Minister of Water and Irrigation from April 2008 to 2013. She also served as Cabinet Secretary for Land, Housing and Urban Development from 2013 until 2015.
Charity Ngilu attended Alliance Girls High School, then joined Government Secretarial College, Kianda College, and the Kenya Institute of Administration for Commerce to receive management and secretarial skills. She started as a secretary before becoming a prosperous businesswoman in the plastics and bakery industries.
Along with Joyce Laboso and Anne Waiguru, Ngilu is one of three women who became Kenya's first female governors in 2017.
Political life.
Ngilu was elected to represent the Kitui central constituency seat in 1992 on a Democratic Party ticket. She was reelected to the same seat and ran for president in the 1997 general election on a Social Democratic Party of Kenya ticket, finishing fifth behind the eventual winner, Daniel arap Moi. Along with Wangari Maathai, she became Kenya's first female presidential candidate Kenya.
Later, she joined National Party of Kenya. In the December 2002 general election, her party was part of the National Rainbow Coalition (NARC). The coalition went on to win the elections, and President Mwai Kibaki appointed her as Minister of Health when he named his Cabinet on 3 January 2003. She was also appointed NARC chairperson.
Ngilu was seen as a "new school" member in the government, as opposed to "old school" members like John Michuki and President Kibaki. However, she was left stranded after the Liberal Democratic Party left the coalition after the defeat of the Government-sponsored draft constitution, while most of the remaining NARC members founded the new Narc-Kenya party led by Martha Karua.
On 5 October 2007, Ngilu announced her support for the Orange Democratic Movement and its presidential candidate, Raila Odinga, in the December 2007 general election; she has compared Odinga to Nelson Mandela. She initially said that she was remaining in the government, despite backing Kibaki's main rival. However, her dismissal from the government by Kibaki was announced on 6 October.
Ngilu was re-elected to her seat from Kitui Central in the December 2007 parliamentary election. Kibaki won the presidential election according to official results, but this was disputed by the ODM, and a violent crisis developed. The crisis was eventually resolved with a power-sharing agreement, and in the grand coalition Cabinet named on 13 April 2008 and sworn in on 17 April, Ngilu was appointed as Minister of Water and Irrigation.
Ngilu showed support for Raila Odinga in running for presidential bid in Kenyan elections 2013.She later launched a presidential bid through her Narc Political Party, ultimately choosing to run for Kitui County senator and losing to David Musila in the process.
Following her failed bid, Ngilu was named Cabinet Secretary for Land, Housing and Urban Development by president Uhuru Kenyatta, but she resigned from the post following corruption allegations.
Kitui County Governor.
Ngilu ran for governor of Kitui County in the 2017 general election, beating incumbent Julius Malombe and becoming one of three elected women governors.
Directives on Environmental Protection.
Charity Ngilu's tenure as Kitui County Governor began with controversial and otherwise popular decisions including banning sand harvesting and the burning and transportation of charcoal in the county. The directive according to Ngilu was in the interest of environment protection in the county. The ban on charcoal transportation brought about allegations of ethnic incitement. This resulted in the summoning and questioning of Ngilu by the National Cohesion and Integration Commission. Kiambu County Governor Ferdinand Waititu proceeded to sue Charity Ngilu for incitement. Ngilu's move attracted defence from leaders in the lower eastern region of Kenya, also known as Ukambani. Ngilu secured a court order barring the police from arresting her over the charcoal row. Implementation of the charcoal transportation ban was problematic with allegations that Kitui County government officials were colluding with charcoal transporters to undermine Ngilu's directive. The problem also attracted public opinion on how best to effect the ban.
Relationship with County Assembly.
In the first two years of her tenure as Governor, Charity had a strained relationship with members of the Kitui County Assembly. In December 2018, Charity was accused of delaying the release of salaries to members of the County Assembly. Charity and members of the assembly were reported to develop an improving working relationship in 2019. Charity accused the assembly of unduly delaying the passing of a supplementary budget until May 2020 with one month remaining to the end of the financial year.
Troubled County Public Service Board Appointments.
In the first half of 2020, her nominees to the County Public Service Board (CPSB) were rejected by the County Assembly. The term of the county's first Public Service Board had expired in 2019. The rejection arose after what Charity Ngilu considered an unjustified delay that she blamed on the Assembly Speaker Mr. George Ndoto. Charity went on to blame the rejection of her nominees on what she considered interference in local politics by Kalonzo Musyoka, the Wiper Democratic Party leader.
The delayed appointment of members of the County Public Service Board was reported to hinder the hiring of extra healthcare workers to enhance the county's fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
2022 General Elections.
In the 2022 elections, Ngilu supported Raila Odinga's bid for presidency. Though she had been cleared by the Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission (IEBC) to defend her seat as governor of Kitui County, she would later withdraw her candidature in favor of Julius Malombe of Wiper Party. She was allegedly angling for a higher position in Raila Odinga's led Azimio la Umoja – One Kenya coalition government if the coalition would win the August polls.
Law Society of Kenya Blacklist.
On 16 January 2012 the Law Society of Kenya identified Ngilu as one of the public officials have been mentioned adversely in various reports on issues ranging from corruption to economic crimes. The society advised voters not to vote those mentioned in the report as they had previously compromised.
Censure motion 2013.
In November 2013, the 11th Kenyan parliament debated about her conduct as the cabinet secretary for Land, Housing and Urban Development. The parliament was acting on recommendations by a special committee whose mandate was to investigate how she appointed a new director-general at her ministry without involving the parliament as provided for in the constitution of Kenya.
Personal life.
Her husband, Michael Mwendwa Ngilu, died on 1 July 2006 in South Africa. Charity Ngilu has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="6977594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977594" title="Sri lanka civil war">
Sri lanka civil war



</doc>
<doc id="6977598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977598" title="Gran Vilaya">
Gran Vilaya

Gran Vilaya is a complex of many archaeological remains and ruins, spread over a wide area in the Utcubamba Valley in northern Peru.
Gene Savoy, an American explorer, discovered and named the complex in 1985. Located to the west of Kuelap fortress, it is characterized by ruins centres of population such as the Stairs, the Pirquilla, Cacahuasha, Mortar, the Bishop, Paxamarca, Lanche, and the Secret. There are 15–30 main sites and hundreds of smaller sites as well. This entire complex dates from the pre-Incan Chachapoya culture.
It is estimated that approximately 5,000 buildings exist within the greater Gran Vilaya area, some circular and some rectangular, all constructed of local limestone with geometrical shapes embossed on the walls of many, representing humans and animals such as the snake, condor or puma (the former in zig-zag patterns, the latter in diamond shapes representing their eyes).
Several travel agencies offer trekking trips into the area, crossing mountain ranges on foot and horseback and finishing at the fortress of Kuelap.

</doc>
<doc id="6977599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977599" title="Nova Scotia (AG) v Walsh">
Nova Scotia (AG) v Walsh

Nova Scotia (AG) v Walsh, [2002] 4 S.C.R. 325 was a leading case decided by the Supreme Court of Canada on section 15 of the "Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms" and matrimonial property. The Court held that the Nova Scotia "Matrimonial Property Act", which excluded unmarried cohabitating couples, was not in violation of the section 15 equality guarantee.
Susan Walsh and Wayne Bona were cohabitating together for over 10 years. Walsh attempted to get spousal and child support under the Act by applying for recognition of their cohabitation as a "spousal" relationship.
On the section 15 analysis it was determined that marital status was an analogously protected ground. On the final step of analysis the court rejected the argument that the exclusion was discriminatory. The difference between the two groups reflects the difference of the relationships and respects the individual autonomy of the parties.
Before the final decision was released the Nova Scotia government amended the "Vital Statistics Act" to include the option to register a domestic partnership which provides similar rights as married couples.
The Supreme Court of Canada revisited the distinction between married and unmarried couples in Quebec (Attorney General) v. A., 2013 SCC 5 (CanLII), and Walsh is no longer applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6977604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977604" title="Eveready Inc.">
Eveready Inc.



</doc>
<doc id="6977605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977605" title="Fort Bliss, Texas">
Fort Bliss, Texas



</doc>
<doc id="6977609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977609" title="CONCACAF's Women's Championship 1991">
CONCACAF's Women's Championship 1991



</doc>
<doc id="6977611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977611" title="The Changeling (album)">
The Changeling (album)

The Changeling is a studio album by the English new wave band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox, released in 1982 by Safari Records. The album peaked at number 6 in the UK where it was certified silver for sales exceeding 60,000 copies. It included the Top 40 single "Brave New World".
Background.
The album continued the new wave sound of the band's previous release, "Anthem", taking it into a darker, almost gothic direction. Willcox wrote the song lyrics in isolation and the material was recorded at the Roundhouse Recording Studios in the Chalk Farm area of north London in early 1982. The album was produced by Steve Lillywhite using early digital studio recording equipment. Some overseas editions, such as the Dutch release, featured an additional 'Digital Recording' logo on the cover sleeve. Original vinyl issues of the album came complete with a lyric insert, the background of which featured drawings of circuit boards. Around the lyrics of each song were sections of poetry written by Toyah Willcox, which were not included on the album. The front cover features a photo by Bob Carlos Clarke.
Toyah Willcox reflected that "The Changeling" "wasn't easy to make, in fact it was the unhappiest of all the album experiences, but that doesn't mean it isn't a good album. Not everything has to come effortlessly for it to be right". "I was quite depressed at the time. (...) I was so angry and so anxious to get away from everything that "The Changeling" came out as quite a dark piece. (...) I was coming into the studio in very dark moods and incredibly emotional and I cried my way through that album, but in retrospect I think that it's quite a remarkable record". Similarly, Phil Spalding described it as "an album recorded with great challenges, difficulties and tensions, but a great album nonetheless and overall, my favourite Toyah band album".
"The Changeling" placed at number 15 in the "Smash Hits" readers' poll of the best albums of 1982.
Lyrical content.
"Street Creature" was written during Toyah's journey from London to Birmingham. The singer explained that it is "a song about being on a street and being real. (...) I'm going back to my roots and nothing is gonna stop me from achieving my goals, doing what I believe in". "The Druids" tells about the ancient druids. "What they used to do was strip off naked, they would paint themselves completely blue, (...) and they would have belts around their waists with the severed heads of their enemies on. And they would charge the Romans. (...) They were known as the shock troops. They deliberately shocked their enemy and terrified their enemy," Toyah explained.
"Angel &amp; Me" was influenced by seeing Jacob Epstein's sculpture "The Archangel Lucifer" in the Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery. Referring to the line "Why do you always cry when you come to see me? I always die to see you smile", Toyah revealed that the person she is talking to is her mother: "I was in hospital and my mum visited me, she'd always start crying. I am now [close to my mother], I didn't use to be. I always loved her very much, but she had a weird way of loving me back. I can never remember kissing and cuddling mummy and daddy when I was small. But I love them both, my father is one of my heroes".
Toyah has described "The Packt" as "a very dark song and it came from a very dark place. (...) It's often said within the deep, old, medieval scriptures of Wicca and witchcraft that when the end of the world comes you will see twin suns. So, I wanted to write something about this woman meeting the Devil and I wanted her to be a match for the Devil, (...) about using man's most sinister creation to fight the Devil back and that is kind of using the atom bomb to destroy the Devil. (...) It's about the power of femininity, it's about the Devil destroying femininity, but also I think it's quite a winning song, even though in the middle eight the nuclear bomb goes off and skin melts from our bones. (...) We are not skin and bones, we are much more. And we go beyond the physical, we go beyond the body, and I believe we are eternal. And I think the Devil is fixated with the flesh. So, we can conquer the Devil eventually".
Though unattributed in the credits of any release, "The Packt's" chorus lyrics:
derive from "Cassilda’s Song" featured in the fictional play, “The King in Yellow”, invented by American writer Robert W. Chambers in his 1895 book of the same name:
Discussing "Life in the Trees", Toyah said that she "wanted to write a song about the fact that nature is the all-seeing, all-controlling organism, (...) has the power to completely control and reinvent new species. (...) The pecking order within nature is exactly what we mirror within our interactive lives. (...) We had TV and we had huge corporates, such as EMI and Decca, and they were all running our lives. It's just as dog eat dog as our normal lives are".
"Run Wild, Run Free" is about "that 'break loose' moment when you realize if you don't cut ties you are never ever going to cope emotionally. (...) To survive and be the person you are you have to cut yourself free". The singer explained that the closing track "Brave New World" "is a sad love song, because I wrote most of it (...) after a tremendous row with my boyfriend. (...) I think everyone goes through the phase when they think no one in the world knows how hurt they are – experiencing a loneliness that no one knows, but everyone knows it".
Release and promotion.
Released in June 1982, the album peaked at number 6 on the UK Albums Chart and was certified silver in 1982 for selling more than 60,000 copies in the UK. It has spent twelve weeks on the UK charts. The album also charted in Norway, peaking at number 22. "Brave New World" was the only single taken from the album and was a Top 40 success in the UK. Although further single releases from the album were mooted, none appeared. Toyah promoted "The Changeling" with a 25-date concert tour which resulted in the live album "". In 2012, the singer embarked on two legs of the Changeling Resurrection Tour, commemorating the 30th anniversary of the album.
"The Changeling" was re-released on CD in 1999 and included six bonus tracks, four of which were previously unavailable on CD, as well as the video for "Thunder in the Mountains". One of the bonus tracks was a completed out-take from the recording sessions named "Warrior Rock" which had also appeared as the B-side of the single "Brave New World". Another out-take entitled "Paradise Child" later surfaced on the Safari Records collectors album "Mayhem". A rarer version entitled "Silly Little Girls" using a similar music track but with alternative lyrics (featuring Toyah Willcox improvising 'mild obscenities'), appeared on preparatory demos for the album which have since surfaced on bootleg releases. Several other instrumental tracks from the same demo sessions have never been commercially used.
In September 2023, "The Changeling" was re-issued by Cherry Red Records in an expanded 2 CD+DVD package, with previously unreleased demo versions.
Track listing.
Original release.
All songs by Toyah Willcox and Joel Bogen, except where indicated.
On the CD reissue, the ending of "Angel &amp; Me" has been edited. After the song has faded out, the original vinyl version featured an echoed drum roll that resembled the sound of a door being locked – this is absent on the 1999 CD edition, but was restored on the subsequent pressing.

</doc>
<doc id="6977618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977618" title="St. George's Channel">
St. George's Channel



</doc>
<doc id="6977623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977623" title="Arzt">
Arzt

Arzt is a surname of German origin, meaning physician. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="6977625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977625" title="Poole Grammar">
Poole Grammar



</doc>
<doc id="6977629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977629" title="Jack Ross (footballer, born 1976)">
Jack Ross (footballer, born 1976)

John James Ross (born 5 June 1976) is a Scottish professional football coach and former player, who was most recently the manager of Dundee United in the Scottish Premiership.
During his playing career, Ross played as a defender and midfielder. From 1992 to 1995 he played for youth sides at Dundee and Forfar Athletic, before dropping to the Scottish Junior leagues for first team action at Camelon Juniors. He then returned to the Scottish Football League in 1999 with Clyde, before a short stint in England with Hartlepool United in 2004. He returned to Scotland a year later and played for Falkirk, St Mirren, Hamilton Academical and Dunfermline Athletic until he retired in 2011 due to a knee injury. He also played once for a Scotland B team, in 2009.
Upon retiring, Ross started as a coaching career at Dumbarton, as assistant manager for both Alan Adamson and later Ian Murray, and was caretaker manager between them. He became the coach of the Heart of Midlothian under-20 team in July 2014. Ross was appointed Alloa Athletic manager in December 2015. In October 2016, he was appointed manager of St Mirren, leading them to the 2017–18 Scottish Championship title and was named PFA Scotland Manager of the Year, before leaving to become manager of Sunderland in May 2018. Ross was sacked by Sunderland in October 2019, and was then appointed by Hibernian a month later.
Ross guided Hibernian to a third-place finish in 2021 and two cup final appearances, but was sacked in December 2021. Ross was appointed Dundee United head coach in June 2022, but was sacked two months later after just seven games in charge.
On the 14th of July 2025, Ross was appointed as Head of Strategy for Newcastle United.
Playing career.
Early career.
Ross had spells as a youth player at Dundee and Forfar Athletic. He then moved to Camelon Juniors, where he featured in their 1996 Scottish Junior Cup run, before losing in the final. He joined Clyde in 1999, playing in many different positions before settling in the right midfield role. He was made captain of the team when Ian Spittal was the team coach.
Moving to England.
Ross signed a pre-contractual agreement with Hartlepool United in April 2004. Ross suffered ankle ligament damage and spent a large part of his time on the sidelines. Hartlepool funded his rehabilitation and also allowed him to return home. However, Ross refused to return to Hartlepool, train or play for the club and asked Hartlepool's chairman Ken Hodcroft to tear up his contract claiming he was homesick. Hartlepool refused and asked for compensation and a refund of agent fees. Ross left without consent and later went on sick and claimed that he would not return to Hartlepool even if "they were in the Champions League". He also criticised Hartlepool manager Neale Cooper for feeling let down by his actions, stating that "maybe the manager thinks I have let him down but that's nothing compared with how I feel about him". On 31 July 2005, Hartlepool agreed to terminate his contract after finally receiving compensation, which included a refund of the fees paid to Ross's agent.
Return to Scotland.
Ross transferred to his home town club, Falkirk, in 2005 and was a regular in the team. Falkirk manager John Hughes warned Ross when he stalled on signing a new contract.
On 30 April 2008, it was announced that Ross had signed a pre-contract agreement with St Mirren and joined them at the end of the season on a two-year deal. Ross scored his first goal for St Mirren against Dundee United at Tannadice Park on 24 January 2009.
Having been released by St Mirren at the end of the 2009–10 season, Ross joined Hamilton Academical on a one-year contract. His contract with Hamilton Academical was cancelled after only three games. A few weeks later Ross signed for Dunfermline until the end of the 2010–11 season. He sustained a knee injury in training which led to his eventual retirement from football without having played a game for the Pars.
International career.
Ross won his solitary cap for Scotland at junior level in 1999. In April 2009 he was included in George Burley's Scotland B squad for the match against Northern Ireland B at Broadwood Stadium. He came on at the start of the second half, replacing St Mirren teammate Scott Cuthbert, in a 3–0 win on 6 May.
Coaching career.
Early career.
In 2011, Ross joined Dumbarton as assistant manager to Alan Adamson. He became caretaker manager following Adamson's sacking in October 2012. During this spell he led Dumbarton to their first Scottish First Division victory in 16 years, with a 1–0 victory over Cowdenbeath. Despite this he was overlooked for the job and continued as the assistant manager to Adamson's successor Ian Murray in November of that year.
On 1 July 2014, Ross joined the Heart of Midlothian coaching staff. He left this position in October 2015.
Alloa Athletic.
In December 2015, Ross was appointed manager of Scottish Championship club Alloa Athletic. He was unable to stop the part-time club from being relegated from the second tier. Despite their relegation to Scottish League One, Ross was given a new contract by Alloa in April 2016. He led Alloa Athletic to a club-record 10-game winning streak in all competitions at the start of season 2016–17. His part-time side held Celtic to a 0–0 draw for the first 83 minutes at Celtic Park in the Scottish League Cup on 21 September 2016, before conceding two late goals to exit the competition. Ross left the side in second place in the Scottish League One table before leaving. His last game in charge was a 4–2 victory at Bala Town in the Scottish Challenge Cup.
St Mirren.
Ross was appointed manager of St Mirren in October 2016. His first game in charge was a 2–0 home loss to Dundee United, but he guided St Mirren to safety in the 2016–17 Scottish Championship. At the end of the season, Dundee approached St Mirren about Ross becoming their manager, but he decided to stay with the Paisley club.
St Mirren built a large lead in the 2017–18 Scottish Championship, going 14 points clear at the top in February. Ross was interviewed for the manager position at EFL Championship club Barnsley at this time, but he again decided to stay with St Mirren. They went on to win the Scottish Championship and promotion to the Scottish Premiership, while Ross won the PFA Scotland Manager of the Year award for 2017–18. In May 2018, Ipswich Town and Sunderland were given permission by St Mirren to talk with Ross about their managerial vacancies.
Sunderland.
Ross was appointed manager of Sunderland on 25 May 2018, on a two-year deal. The club had suffered a second consecutive relegation to EFL League One, and he was the first arrival under new owner Stewart Donald. In his first season in charge, Ross led the club to the final of the League One play-offs following a 1–0 aggregate win over Portsmouth in the semi-finals. However, they went on to lose in the final to Charlton Athletic. On 8 October 2019, his managerial contract was terminated by the club as they sat sixth in the League One table.
Hibernian.
Scottish Premiership club Hibernian appointed Ross as their head coach on 15 November 2019, on a 3-year deal. He finished his first season in 7th of 12 teams, dropping one place after the season was abandoned due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and the table finalised on points-per-game.
In 2020–21, Ross guided Hibs to the semi-finals of the Scottish League Cup, where they lost 3–0 to St Johnstone. He argued with BBC Scotland reporter Kenny MacIntyre after the game, accusing him of disrespect. Hibs finished the 2020–21 Scottish Premiership in third place, their highest finishing position in 16 years. They also reached the 2021 Scottish Cup Final, but lost 1–0 to St Johnstone.
In July 2021 Ross agreed a new contract with Hibs, which was due to run until the end of the 2023–24 season. He was sacked in December 2021, after a run of seven defeats in nine league games. Jack Ross was also widely criticised over the style of football he deployed often described as "dull" and "boring. His dismissal came 10 days before the team were due to play in the League Cup final.
Dundee United.
Ross was appointed head coach of Dundee United in June 2022 on a two-year deal. He led the team in their initial 2022–23 UEFA Europa Conference League qualifying campaign, culminating in a 7–1 aggregate loss to AZ Alkmaar, matching the record greatest loss inflicted on a Scottish Club in a European competition. Two days after a 9–0 defeat to Celtic, which left the club at the bottom of the Scottish Premiership, Ross was sacked by United on 30 August 2022, after only seven games in charge.
Newcastle United.
On 31 March 2023, Ross was announced as interim head of coach development at Newcastle United.
On 14 July 2025, it was announced that Ross was promoted to Head of Football strategy at Newcastle United F.C.. 
Other activities.
Ross was chairman of the PFA Scotland players' union until February 2013, when he was succeeded by John Rankin; he also worked with the worldwide FIFPro union alongside part-time coaching roles.
He wrote a blog for the BBC Sport website during his playing career, and authored two children's books. He holds a master's degree in economics from Heriot-Watt University.
Honours.
Player.
Camelon
Clyde
St Mirren
Manager.
St. Mirren
Sunderland
Hibernian
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="6977632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977632" title="Usec">
Usec



</doc>
<doc id="6977633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977633" title="Arms &amp; the Man">
Arms &amp; the Man



</doc>
<doc id="6977637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977637" title="A-51">
A-51



</doc>
<doc id="6977642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977642" title="A-52">
A-52



</doc>
<doc id="6977648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977648" title="A-57">
A-57



</doc>
<doc id="6977649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977649" title="Huruma Flats">
Huruma Flats



</doc>
<doc id="6977651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977651" title="A-58">
A-58



</doc>
<doc id="6977652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977652" title="Persian rap">
Persian rap



</doc>
<doc id="6977654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977654" title="A-59">
A-59



</doc>
<doc id="6977657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977657" title="And I'm Aching">
And I'm Aching



</doc>
<doc id="6977661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977661" title="Randy K. Lippert">
Randy K. Lippert

Randy K. Lippert is Professor of Criminology at University of Windsor. He received his Ph.D. from the University of British Columbia. He has published twelve books and 95 journal articles and book chapters mostly focused on sanctuary practices, security, surveillance, crime prevention, condominia, business improvement districts, and public policing. He is best known for his condominium, sanctuary, policing/security and urban research and for theoretical contributions to refining governmentality perspectives that were inspired by the later writings and lectures of Michel Foucault.

</doc>
<doc id="6977662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977662" title="A-23">
A-23



</doc>
<doc id="6977666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977666" title="A-16">
A-16



</doc>
<doc id="6977667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977667" title="Askania-Burgundia">
Askania-Burgundia



</doc>
<doc id="6977669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977669" title="Eveready Income">
Eveready Income



</doc>
<doc id="6977673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977673" title="Ha Ha High Babe">
Ha Ha High Babe



</doc>
<doc id="6977674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977674" title="Eveready Fund">
Eveready Fund



</doc>
<doc id="6977677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977677" title="Heart + Soul">
Heart + Soul



</doc>
<doc id="6977678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977678" title="Edward bloor">
Edward bloor



</doc>
<doc id="6977679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977679" title="Eveready Income Trust">
Eveready Income Trust



</doc>
<doc id="6977682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977682" title="Eveready Trust">
Eveready Trust



</doc>
<doc id="6977684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977684" title="Ikuro Teshima">
Ikuro Teshima



</doc>
<doc id="6977686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977686" title="Ayatollah Fadlallah">
Ayatollah Fadlallah



</doc>
<doc id="6977687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977687" title="Eveready Energy">
Eveready Energy



</doc>
<doc id="6977705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977705" title="Basilica di San Lorenzo">
Basilica di San Lorenzo

The Basilica di San Lorenzo may refer to one of the following churches:

</doc>
<doc id="6977706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977706" title="Sengal parrot">
Sengal parrot



</doc>
<doc id="6977715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977715" title="Mukyokai">
Mukyokai



</doc>
<doc id="6977721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977721" title="K.St.V. Askania-Burgundia Berlin">
K.St.V. Askania-Burgundia Berlin



</doc>
<doc id="6977725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977725" title="The snarkout boys">
The snarkout boys



</doc>
<doc id="6977727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977727" title="The snarkout boys and the avocado of death">
The snarkout boys and the avocado of death



</doc>
<doc id="6977734" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977734" title="In Like the Rose">
In Like the Rose



</doc>
<doc id="6977736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977736" title="FosterGrant">
FosterGrant



</doc>
<doc id="6977739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977739" title="Noncoordinate geometry">
Noncoordinate geometry



</doc>
<doc id="6977743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977743" title="Rise or Fall">
Rise or Fall

Rise or Fall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6977750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977750" title="Runescape monsters">
Runescape monsters



</doc>
<doc id="6977752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977752" title="The Contest (Seinfeld episode)">
The Contest (Seinfeld episode)



</doc>
<doc id="6977754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977754" title="List of rivers in Scotland">
List of rivers in Scotland



</doc>
<doc id="6977758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977758" title="Uchimura Kanzo">
Uchimura Kanzo



</doc>
<doc id="6977761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977761" title="Planet X (Derek Sherinian album)">
Planet X (Derek Sherinian album)

Planet X is the first studio album by keyboardist Derek Sherinian, released on July 13, 1999 through Magna Carta Records. The album was devised after Sherinian left progressive metal band Dream Theater in January 1999. He then joined drummer Virgil Donati in forming a band also named Planet X, which released their own first album "Universe" in 2000. Guitarist Brett Garsed, who plays on "Planet X", would later return on the band Planet X's album "Quantum" in 2007.
Critical reception.
Glenn Astarita at All About Jazz gave "Planet X" a positive review, calling it "prog-rock heaven with a few fusion bites thrown in for good measure" and "A highly entertaining effort featuring some almost superhuman ensemble work". He praised the "strong compositional and arranging skills" of Sherinian and Donati, and the "crunching guitar work" of Garsed.
Steve Huey at AllMusic gave the album three stars out of five. He, too, praised each musician's performance, as well as likening the compositional influences to that of Steve Vai and King Crimson.

</doc>
<doc id="6977766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977766" title="David Rodney">
David Rodney



</doc>
<doc id="6977776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977776" title="Sulfisomezole">
Sulfisomezole



</doc>
<doc id="6977777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977777" title="Kawataro Nakajima">
Kawataro Nakajima

 was a Japanese researcher of Japanese popular culture.

</doc>
<doc id="6977779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977779" title="Butt-head (MTV character)">
Butt-head (MTV character)



</doc>
<doc id="6977781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977781" title="Allaire du Pont">
Allaire du Pont

Helena Allaire Crozer du Pont (May 4, 1913 – January 6, 2006) was an American sportswoman and a member of the prominent French-American du Pont family of chemical manufacturers who is most remembered as the owner of the Thoroughbred horse racing Hall of Fame champion, Kelso.
Born Helena Allaire Crozer, in 1934 she married Richard C. du Pont with whom she had a son, Richard Jr. and a daughter Helena. An avid sportsperson, she was an Olympic Trap shooter and a champion tennis player. Allaire du Pont and her husband were both glider and powered aircraft pilots. She set a national endurance record for women gliders in 1935. In the early days of flying when it was still a novelty, doing stunts was popular and she once flew her plane under the Chesapeake City bridge. Her husband died in 1943 while working for the War effort when a U.S. government experimental glider in which he was a passenger crashed during a demonstration flight. In 1947, she established the Richard C. du Pont Memorial Trophy to be awarded annually to the United States National Open Class Soaring Champion.
Thoroughbred horse racing.
Always a lover of animals, Allaire du Pont operated Woodstock Farm in Chesapeake City, Maryland and raced under the "nom de course" Bohemia Stable. She hired future Hall of Fame trainer Carl Hanford to condition her horses for racing.
Bohemia Stable produced a number of top horses such as multiple stakes winner Politely and Shine Again, winner of the 2001 and 2002 Grade I Ballerina Handicap. However, it was her gelding Kelso who brought her wide recognition during the 1960s when he was voted U.S. Horse of the Year honors for an unmatched five consecutive years from 1960 through 1964 and was a 1967 Racing Hall of Fame inductee. A fox hunting participant, Allaire du Pont rode Kelso in hunts after he was retired.
A member of the Jockey Club (United States), the Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association, and the Thoroughbred Charities of America, she was also a founding member of the Grayson-Jockey Club Research Foundation. Good friends with Canadian business magnate and Thoroughbred owner and breeder E. P. Taylor, when he visited her home she convinced Taylor to build his planned American branch of Windfields Farm in the area. A preservationist, du Pont was among the first to commit some of her property to Maryland's Agricultural Land Preservation Program. Following the death of E. P. Taylor in 1989, Allaire du Pont was instrumental in having of his property go into permanent preservation rather than be sub-divided into building lots by real estate developers.
Du Pont was also a co-founder and member of the board of directors of Thoroughbred Charities of America, an organization whose activities include raising funds to save retired horses. Among the other charitable causes to which she devoted both time and money were Paws for Life, Mid-Atlantic Horse Rescue, Greener Pastures, and the Union Hospital, of which she was an honorary member of the board of directors.
In 1983, Allaire du Pont, Martha F. Gerry, and Penny Chenery became the first women to be admitted as members of The Jockey Club.
The Grade III Pimlico Breeders' Cup Distaff Handicap at Pimlico Race Course was renamed the Allaire du Pont Breeders' Cup Distaff in her memory.
Allaire du Pont died January 6, 2006, at her Woodstock Farm near Chesapeake City, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="6977784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977784" title="Shades of Blue (disambiguation)">
Shades of Blue (disambiguation)

Shades of blue are the colours considered to be similar to the most typical blues.
Shades of Blue may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6977798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977798" title="Highway 323">
Highway 323



</doc>
<doc id="6977815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977815" title="Hood's Texas Brigade">
Hood's Texas Brigade



</doc>
<doc id="6977821" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977821" title="Saint Mark Parish">
Saint Mark Parish

Saint Mark Parish may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6977826" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977826" title="Mount Saint Catherine (Grenada)">
Mount Saint Catherine (Grenada)

Mount Saint Catherine is an extensively weathered stratovolcano mountain and tallest peak on the Caribbean island of Grenada. Its summit marks the dividing line between the parishes of St. Mark and St. Andrew and is one of the highlights of the Mount St. Catherine Forest Reserve.
The Mt. St. Catherine massif is the youngest of the five volcanoes on the island. The volcano has a ~1.5-km horseshoe-shaped crater open to the east, where a complex of volcanic lava domes occur across its flanks and is monitored by the Seismic Research Center of the University of the West Indies. The volcano is considered dormant because it has likely not erupted since the last Ice Age. It is considered to be the only live volcano among the five volcanic centers in Grenada on account of its relatively well preserved morphology and the presence of hot springs and fumaroles on its flanks. Although violent eruptions occurred in the geological past (i.e. Pleistocene—2,588,000 to 11,700 years ago), revealed by voluminous pyroclastic-flow deposits extending northwest of the summit, this type of volcanic activity is now considered unlikely to occur in the near future.
The mountain summit is accessible by three steep rugged routes crossing the forest reserve, from Mt. Horne in the southeast, Mt. Kublal in the northeast, and Tufton Hall from the northwest. Tours are available, as well as guided trips to Tufton Hall Waterfall, the highest waterfalls on the island, off the southeastern flank of the mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="6977838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977838" title="Runescape rangers">
Runescape rangers



</doc>
<doc id="6977849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977849" title="Punamusta Oy">
Punamusta Oy



</doc>
<doc id="6977853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977853" title="Hojo, Ehime">
Hojo, Ehime



</doc>
<doc id="6977876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977876" title="Stéphane Auge">
Stéphane Auge



</doc>
<doc id="6977878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977878" title="Say hello to my little friend">
Say hello to my little friend

Say hello to my little friend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6977881" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977881" title="James Glaser">
James Glaser

James Glaser (June 25, 1899 – March 1985) was a copy editor at the "New York Post" and also spent time working at the "New York Times". During his tenure at the "Times" he was an active member of the Communist Party. Glaser was called before the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee in Jan. 1956 during their investigation into communism in the media.
Editing the Daily Worker.
In 1934 Glaser left his copy editing job at the "New York Times" to take the managing editor position at the Communist-leaning "Daily Worker". When he arrived one of his first acts was to write a brief about his move from the Times to the Worker. The next day, when he picked up the Worker, he was shocked to find a completely different brief saying he would be writing a series about graft and corruption at the Times. He rushed from party leader's office to party leader's office trying to figure out who changed the managing editor's copy. Finally he met "Mr. Edwards," the representative from Moscow. "Mr. Edwards explained that the series was necessary to make sure Glaser was "tried and true," and that he didn't carry with him the taint of a capitalist paper, the Times. Glaser never gave into the pressure to write the series.
"Mr. Edwards turned out to be Gerhart Eisler, who later became the propaganda chief for the East German government. It turned out that much of the paper's policy was controlled by Eisler, including its editorial policy.
Glaser, used to a five-day work week at the Times saw employees of the Worker laboring six days a week. Naturally, he tried to change that by ordering a five-day work week. Eisler immediately vetoed his order saying that "we couldn't delay the revolution for a day." Eisler was the true force in command, from work week length to editorial policy; he was the one really managing the Daily Worker.
Harry Cannes, the foreign editor, once turned in a story about imminent communist revolution in France. Glaser, being a watchful journalist, had heard nothing of the sort so he inquired into the story further with Cannes. When he approached Cannes about the story, Cannes said, "Comrade, this is the line." Glaser was flabbergasted, "Do you mean that you just sat down and dreamed this up on the typewriter?" Cannes' only reply was that he shouldn't talk that way to a comrade. Glaser killed the story anyway. When he did Eisler dressed him down, telling him that he "had insufficient political development and still had bourgeois traits."
Glaser dealt with journalistic dishonesty and inefficiency at every turn. Once, when he asked a copyboy for a cut of William Green, the late AFL leader, it was found filed under "P" for "prominent labor fakers."
The hearing.
Glaser was subpoenaed by the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee in November 1955. He was one of 26 current and former New York Times employees to be subpoenaed, along with 8 others from different newspapers and a brother to one of the other witnesses. Glaser was implicated during the testimony of journalist Winston Burdett in June 1955.
Glaser cooperated fully with the subcommittee, especially when compared with some of the other newspaper employees who pleaded the First and Fifth Amendments. Glaser told the subcommittee how he was a communist during his time as a copy editor at the "New York Times", a post he quit in 1934 to become managing editor of the "Daily Worker". The job at the Worker cost Glaser 35% of his salary. He told the subcommittee that two years after joining the "Daily Worker" he worked up "the strength" to leave both the party and the paper; the strength to stop being such a "lunkhead," "chump" and "poor, miserable, tragic fool." Though he cooperated fully, Glaser opined, "(the hearing was) to make a sort of public spectacle of me, because of the dreadful, terrible mistake I made more than 21 years ago."

</doc>
<doc id="6977884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977884" title="Halloween haunt">
Halloween haunt



</doc>
<doc id="6977890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977890" title="Movin' (brand)">
Movin' (brand)

“Movin'” (capitalized as “MOViN'”) is a brand name used for a variety of rhythmic AC and top 40 radio stations in numerous broadcast markets in the United States. The name is a registered trademark of Alan Burns &amp; Associates, a radio consultancy firm based in Perdido Key, Florida.
Format background.
This format started in the city of Seattle when hot AC outlet KLSY (Mix 92.5) became KQMV MOViN 92.5 on May 1, 2006.
"MOViN" stations played an upbeat dance-leaning rhythmic adult contemporary format and used the same logo, which features a hue of green circles (except for Norfolk, whose hues are brown and dark orange). Although the stations are consulted by Burns, some have carved their own niche and identity.
In most of the markets where the "MOViN'" stations were located, a series of television commercials featured women dancing to a montage of rhythmic hits. In the case of KMVN/Los Angeles, a customized version had morning host Rick Dees dancing.
Of the thirteen stations that adopted the "MOViN'" brand, one shifted directions but kept the name and jingle packages intact, with aforementioned KMVN shifting to rhythmic oldies with emphasis on '70s and '80s product. KMVN would later be joined by another convert, WYEZ/Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, who also adopted the same rhythmic oldies approach as KMVN, but with an extended library that includes '60s product.
Meanwhile, others began using a more current based model, as KMVQ/San Francisco, California and KYMV/Salt Lake City, Utah took their direction even further, both evolving to top 40 Mainstream in 2009. But after a year as a top 40, KYMV returned to rhythmic AC on June 11, 2010. Even the original "MOViN'", KQMV, has shifted to contemporary hit radio as it has refocused its direction on more current hits and less old school, likewise with KYMV.
Until late 2008, only a single "MOViN'" outlet had outright flipped formats, but since then, four more stations have dropped the brand. The first, KVMX/Portland, Oregon evolved to rhythmic contemporary in May 2008 as Jammin 107.5. Its former sister station, KMVK/Dallas, Texas, evolved to Spanish hot adult contemporary in February 2009, followed by WMUV/Jacksonville, Florida's flip to classic country that same month. The other, WMVN/St. Louis, began shifting towards an adult Hot Hits/CHR top 40 direction in 2007, only to drop the format in October 2008 for Christmas music until January 2009, when they flipped to sports radio. KMVN in Los Angeles dropped MOViN on April 15, 2009 and outsourced the station's operations to a Mexican radio network, Grupo Radio Centro, based in Mexico City. However, in April 2011 one station in Norfolk, WKUS, picked up the branding for their flip from urban AC, while the following September it saw KYMV dropping the brand for '80s-based variety hits. In August 2012, KNLT/Anchorage, the sister station of KMVV, picked up the format after latter dropped it in November 2011. Today, the "MOViN" brand is used on three stations.
On December 26, 2024 at midnight, WMOV rebranded as Party 107-7, after their annual flip to Christmas music. Leaving only KQMV and KMVN as the remaining 2 stations still using the brand.
US Stations.
Note: these stations are in order by market size.
Many of the original US Movin stations have dropped the rhythmic AC format for top 40. Slogans for Movin rhythmic AC stations were/are "Makes You Feel Good", "Move To It" and/or "Picks You Up". The top 40 Movin format station called Movin 92.5's is "Seattle's #1 Hit Music Station". In 2011, Movin 107.7 flipped to a rhythmic AC format.

</doc>
<doc id="6977893" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977893" title="King Edward Hotel (Jackson, Mississippi)">
King Edward Hotel (Jackson, Mississippi)

The King Edward Hotel, built in 1923 as the Edwards Hotel, is an historic hotel in downtown Jackson, Mississippi. The second of two buildings located on the site at the corner of Capitol and Mill Streets, it was closed and vacant for nearly 40 years before renovations began in 2006. The hotel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976, and declared a Mississippi Landmark in 1990. It was restored from 2007-2009 as a combination of apartments and the Hilton Garden Inn Jackson Downtown, which opened on December 17, 2009. It features the King Edward Grill, King Edward Bar, Pavilion Pantry convenience mart, a fitness center and formerly a Seattle's Best Coffee shop.
History.
The original hotel on the site, known as the Confederate House, was built in 1861 by "Major" R.O. Edwards. It was destroyed in the Civil War in 1863. Major Edwards built a new hotel on the site, the Edwards House, which opened in 1867. This structure was replaced in 1923 by the present building, a 12-story beige brick structure, designed in the Beaux-Arts architecture style by New Orleans architect William Nolan. The hotel opened as the Edwards Hotel on December 29, 1923, and was the center of Jackson society and politics for over forty years.
A room at the hotel was used by Okeh Records to record a number of important blues sessions in December 1930. It was in front of the hotel that Jessie Lee Garner was attacked by a white man on a Jackson city bus.
In 1954, the hotel was purchased by R.E. "Dumas" Milner, a wealthy automobile dealer and businessman. Milner renovated the hotel in the popular modernist style of the day and renamed it the King Edward Hotel. Many of the original details were obscured in the renovations. The hotel closed in 1967 after years of declining occupancy rates.
Standard Life bought the building in 1976 and got it placed on the National Register of Historic Places. The company sold it to private developers for half a million dollars in 1981. While a number of attempts to restore the building had proven ineffective and demolition of the building continued to be considered by Jackson city leadership, a workable plan was finally agreed upon. The former Mayor of Jackson, Harvey Johnson Jr., called the renovation of the hotel the "linchpin" in attempts to revitalize the downtown of the city.
In December 2006, Watkins Partners, former New Orleans Saints running back Deuce McAllister and Historic Restoration Inc. of New Orleans formed a partnership to restore the King Edward. It reopened its doors as the Hilton Garden Inn-Jackson Downtown in December 2009 with 186 hotel rooms, 64 luxury apartments, a signature restaurant, bar coffee shop and some retail space. The interior renovation of the historic hotel, designed by Thomas Hamilton &amp; Associates of Richmond, Virginia, incorporates Hilton brand design requirements into the existing hotel, while preserving some of the original historic architectural elements as part of the hotel project. The renovation began in November, 2007 and was completed in December, 2009, at a cost of $90 million.

</doc>
<doc id="6977896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977896" title="Blue shade">
Blue shade



</doc>
<doc id="6977901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977901" title="Edible spider">
Edible spider



</doc>
<doc id="6977912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977912" title="Centronix">
Centronix



</doc>
<doc id="6977914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977914" title="B-18A Bolo">
B-18A Bolo



</doc>
<doc id="6977915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977915" title="J J Thompson">
J J Thompson



</doc>
<doc id="6977916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977916" title="Shades of blues">
Shades of blues



</doc>
<doc id="6977917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977917" title="Kato Yoshiaki">
Kato Yoshiaki



</doc>
<doc id="6977926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977926" title="The Texas Brigade">
The Texas Brigade



</doc>
<doc id="6977939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977939" title="Six Barrel Shotgun">
Six Barrel Shotgun



</doc>
<doc id="6977949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977949" title="Visible Wind">
Visible Wind

Visible Wind was a Canadian progressive rock band from the province of Québec formed in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="6977954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977954" title="Dolby A">
Dolby A



</doc>
<doc id="6977958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977958" title="Falkirk FC">
Falkirk FC



</doc>
<doc id="6977961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977961" title="Enemy Mind (Dead Zone)">
Enemy Mind (Dead Zone)



</doc>
<doc id="6977964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977964" title="Virginia State Route 35">
Virginia State Route 35

State Route 35 (SR 35) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. The state highway runs from the North Carolina state line near Boykins, where the highway continues as North Carolina Highway 35 (NC 35), north to SR 605 and SR 622 in Templeton. SR 35 is the main north–south highway of Southampton County; the highway also connects U.S. Route 58 (US 58) in Courtland with Interstate 95 (I-95) and US 301 at Templeton south of Petersburg.
Route description.
SR 35 begins at the North Carolina state line south of Boykins. The highway continues south as NC 35, which crosses the Meherrin River a short distance to the south. SR 35 heads north as Meherrin Road, which parallels the North Carolina and Virginia Railroad to the town of Boykins. The state highway follows Main Street through town and meets the eastern end of SR 186 (Beaton Avenue). SR 35 intersects CSX's Portsmouth Subdivision and continues northeast as Meherrin Road. Next to Southampton High School, the state highway meets US 58 (Southampton Parkway) at a diamond interchange. SR 35 runs concurrently with US 58 Business northeast on a through truss bridge over the Nottoway River into the town of Courtland. In the center of the county seat, US 58 Business turns south onto Main Street and SR 35 heads north and meets Norfolk Southern Railway's Franklin District at grade.
SR 35 heads northwest from Courtland as Plank Road. The state highway crosses over then parallels the Assamoosick Swamp north into Sussex County. Within that county, SR 35 is named Jerusalem Plank Road ("see Battle of Jerusalem Plank Road") and intersects SR 40 (Sussex Drive) in the hamlet of Homeville. The state highway continues into Prince George County as Courtland Road to the village of Templeton. SR 35 meets US 301 (Crater Road) just east of I-95; the intersection also serves as the southern terminus of SR 156 (Prince George Drive) and receives the exit ramp from northbound I-95. SR 35 and US 301 head west across I-95 and meet the other three ramps of the partial cloverleaf interchange with the Interstate. US 301 turns south onto Crater Road while the state highway continues to its terminus at the intersection of SR 605 (Spain Drive) and SR 622 (Providence Road).

</doc>
<doc id="6977965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977965" title="Cerasus padus">
Cerasus padus



</doc>
<doc id="6977967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977967" title="Spencer Foundation">
Spencer Foundation

The Spencer Foundation was established in 1962 by Lyle M. Spencer. This foundation makes grants to support research in areas of education that are widely construed. It is currently led by Na'ilah Suad Nasir.
Founder.
Lyle M. Spencer was the founder of The Spencer Foundation. Spencer grew up in Appleton, Wisconsin, and attended college in the Pacific Northwest. He received both an undergraduate degree and a master's degree in sociology from the University of Washington in Seattle, where his father served as president from 1927 to 1933. Spencer continued graduate work in sociology at the University of Chicago, where he co-founded the Science Research Associates, an educational publishing firm also known as SRA. His work at the SRA earned helped to eventually fund the Spencer Foundation. Spencer participated on the trustees' board of three universities, he was a director of what is now the United Negro College Fund, and actively sat on the committees for education at Harvard University and the University of Chicago. 
The SRA nearly went bankrupt in the first year and Spencer gave up this idea, essentially creating a commercial firm in 1939. IBM purchased the SRA in 1964; meanwhile, Spencer maintained the position of the firm's chief executive officer up until 1968. Spencer came to realize the potential for his large fortune could affect educational research around the world after IBM bought it. Spencer left passion-filled notes on a vision for the Spencer Foundation. He expressed his concern for individual people and the individual learning process and his desire to support and fund educational projects. His essential wish was to improve educational opportunities. While serving as CEO at SRA, Spencer has also participated on the trustees' board of three universities, he was a director of what is now the UNCF, and actively sat on the committees for education at Harvard University and the University of Chicago. Lyle M. Spencer died of pancreatic cancer on August 21, 1968, and was buried in Appleton, Wisconsin.
History.
Upon Spencer's death in 1968, the foundation received a large endowment. The foundation began making formal grants in 1971. The foundation has since made grants totaling $250 million.
Michael S. McPherson was president of the Spencer Foundation from 2003 to 2017.
Intentions and purposes.
With Lyle Spencer's directions, the Foundation works to investigate ways in which education can be improved around the world. There is a great dedication to research, as it is necessary for the improvement of education. The Spencer Foundation supports research programs in high-quality investigation of education. By awarding research grants, and fellowships, the Foundation remains running. The foundation strengthens the connections in education research, policy and practice through communications and networking.
National Academy of Education/Spencer Foundation Dissertation Fellowship Program.
The foundation awards a series of prestigious fellowships to doctoral students completing dissertation research in any area of education research. Each fellowship is for $27,500 and supports individuals in the final year of their doctoral training. The average number of fellowships awarded is 35 out of 400 applicants. Selection is determined by members of the National Academy of Education and by highly respected senior education research scholars. It provides a number of networking and professional development opportunities and informally is seen as an indicator of who are some of the most promising researchers in education.
National Academy of Education/Spencer Foundation Postdoctoral Fellowship Program.
The foundation also awards a series of prestigious fellowships to early career education researchers, typically pre-tenured professors at research-intensive institutions. Each fellowship is for a total of $70,000 and is for one or two years, depending on the preference of the recipient. The fellowship relieves the researcher from a year's worth of teaching- and service-related responsibilities in order to pursue an innovative and important education research project. The average number of fellowships awarded is 25 out of 270 applicants each year. Selection is determined by a committee of members of the National Academy of Education. Only scholars who have graduated from their doctorates within the previous five years may apply. Recipients of the fellowship are also recognized as the most promising young scholars in educational research, and this is widely considered to be one of the top distinctions available to an early-career researcher.

</doc>
<doc id="6977968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977968" title="Večerníček">
Večerníček

Večerníček (meaning "little bedtime story" Czech and Slovak) is a television program for children in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. It has been broadcast regularly for over 60 years. Before the dissolution of Czechoslovakia in 1993, two versions – one in Czech and one in Slovak – were aired in the respective parts of Czechoslovakia. Similar shows in other countries include "Sandmännchen" in Germany, "" in Hungary, "Leka nosht, deca" in Bulgaria, " "Wieczorynka" in Poland, " in Estonia and "La Calabacita" in Cuba.
Currently, "Večerníček" is aired in the Czech Republic at 18:45 every day, when children are expected to go to sleep. The show (opening theme, tale, closing theme) is lasts ten minutes at most. Every tale takes 5–8 minutes. A full "Večerníček" series typically contains 10 – 20 episodes (with the exceptions of Pat &amp; Mat and Tom and Jerry).
The format of the program has been unchanged for decades, making it part of the Czech and Slovak culture.
Opening and closing themes.
In the Czech Republic, the program's opening and final themes feature a little boy called Večerníček (a boy wearing a newspaper hat ), black t-shirt and orange pants) as he throws paper while walking up stairs and falls. After that, he rides a rocking horse, which turns into a car, and then finally into a unicycle and then the last paper with the Czech Television logo going straight to the screen with “Večerníček” appearing. At the beginning of the program, the boy says "Good Evening" ("Dobrý večer" in Czech) to the children watching; at the end, he says "Good Night" ("Dobrou noc"). This is the longest-running opening and closing theme ever broadcast in the country. The intro voice-over, recorded by a five-year-old boy named Michal Citavý, has remained unchanged since 1965. The graphics were designed by Radek Pilař (the animation provided by Bratri v Triku, an animation company of Kratky Film Prague) and the music was provided by Ladislav Simon.
In Slovakia, the program's opening and final themes feature an old man called "Grandpa Večerníček", who had his own "Večerníček" series in the 1980s. Thought to be a shepherd, Grandpa Večerníček lives in a house on a hill with his dog, who lives in a kennel. The old man, accompanied by the dog, "switches on" the stars in the sky, using a lamplighter's pole. During the closing theme, Grandpa Večerníček and the dog return to their house and kennel (except winter here the dog decided to go inside the house due to cold temperature). Like the Czech Republic's, this is the longest-running opening and closing theme ever broadcast in Slovakia. Its original version has been revamped, with the addition of better colors, as well as a cat. It even had it TV series called "V chalupke a za chalupkou".
History of the program.
On January 2, 1965, a program named "Večerníček" appeared on Czechoslovakian television. The current opening and closing themes were introduced in summer of 1965.
In Slovakia, the program's original name was "Good Night Story" ("Rozprávka na dobrú noc").
Milan Nápravník designed the show's concept and was the first dramaturgist of the Czech version. Since 1973, "Večerníček" has been shown in color.
Practically all famous Czech and Slovak illustrators, writers, animators, and directors, such as Václav Čtvrtek (author of Víla Amálka), have participated in the program.
After 1989, "Večerníček" survived several attempts to change its themes and even cancel the program.
Schedule.
Until 1976, the Czech version of the program saw frequent changes of scheduling. It was broadcast on a variety of days over the years.
From January 1976 – 2012, "Večerníček" was broadcast every day on ČT1, the first Czech national television channel. The channel would show one full series continuously for a block of days. Several attempts were made to broadcast the same or different series on ČT2, the second national television channel.
Since 2012, "Večerníček" has been broadcast on ČT2 instead of ČT1. Since the establishment of the children's Czech national television channel named on 2013, it has been broadcast simultaneously there. After eight years of parallel broadcasting, Večerníček has been broadcast only on ČT :D since 2021.
Popular shows.
Some of the most popular cartoons on Večerníček have included "Krkonošské pohádky", "Mach a Šebestová", "Pohádky z mechu a kapradí", "Maxipes Fík", "Krteček", "Bob a Bobek – králíci z klobouku", "Pat a Mat" and "Loupežník Rumcajs".
Website.
A "Večerníček" website was founded by Robert Štípek in 2005. It was designed to be a specialized database, providing a complete history of the program. As of 2010 web stated preparation of upgrade under new domain vecernicek.cz. It never happened.

</doc>
<doc id="6977971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977971" title="State Route 35 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 35 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6977973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977973" title="State Route 35 (Virginia)">
State Route 35 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6977974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977974" title="State Route 5 (Virginia 1918-1923)">
State Route 5 (Virginia 1918-1923)



</doc>
<doc id="6977981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977981" title="State Route 35 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 35 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6977982" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977982" title="State Route 5 (Virginia pre-1923)">
State Route 5 (Virginia pre-1923)



</doc>
<doc id="6977985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977985" title="Amazonas before the Inca Empire">
Amazonas before the Inca Empire

The present-day Department of Amazonas in Peru, occupying part of the western Amazon basin, carries evidence of human cultures predating the Inca Empire. The presence of the Chachapoya culture and the Wari culture in architectural excavations allow for evidence of multiple civilized presences previous to the conquest of the area by the Incan Empire.
Prehistoric.
Prehistoric evidence on rocky walls includes the rock paintings of Chiñuña-Yamón and Limones-Calpón in the province of Utcubamba. Some of these pictorial samples were made by people who had a hunting economy six to seven thousand years ago.
By the time the Peruvian civilization was already formed, there appeared a type of ceramic mainly identified in Bagua Province.
Historic.
The Wari (Huari) were present and occupants of the southern region of the modern day Amazonas Department of Peru, from CE 500 to CE 1000, around 500 years prior to the founding of the Inca Empire. Similar to the Inca Empire, the Huari also expanded across more territories than their other pre-Inca neighbors to the South, the Moche and Chimú. The Huari are theorized to be the pioneers of terrace agriculture, a farming system suited to the topographical terrain of Peru that later would revolutionize European agriculture.
The architectural remains of the Huari that date their presence in the state of Peru, pre-Inca establishment, include the Wari Complex (Huari Complex), a site of 988 acres thought to home up to 40,000 people. Near the city of Ayacucho, the site includes subterranean galleries, mausoleums of human remains, and astronomical tables.
There are also many architectural remains from the Chachapoya culture, some of which are Kuelap, Gran Vilaya, Cerro Olán, Purum Llaqta, Cheto, and Gran Pajatén. All of these structures appear to be related, but their age and order of construction are unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="6977987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977987" title="Champion Citabria">
Champion Citabria



</doc>
<doc id="6977991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977991" title="Route 35 (Virginia)">
Route 35 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6978000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978000" title="Virginia State Highway 35">
Virginia State Highway 35



</doc>
<doc id="6978003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978003" title="Proverb (Reich)">
Proverb (Reich)

Proverb is a musical composition by Steve Reich for three sopranos, two tenors, two vibraphones, and two electric organs. It sets a text by Ludwig Wittgenstein from the year 1946 and published in "Culture and Value". It was written in 1995 and was originally intended for The Proms and the Utrecht Early Music Festival. It was premiered at Alice Tully Hall in New York City on February 10, 1996 by Theatre of Voices with Paul Hillier, to whom the piece is dedicated.
"Proverb" was written during a period when Reich was experimenting with "speech melody", and is influenced by the period Reich spent working on "The Cave" with Paul Hillier and singers with a strong background in medieval polyphony. This is especially apparent in the two tenor parts, which pay homage to Pérotin and organum in their use of rhythmic modes and pedal points. The text is: "How small a thought it takes to fill a whole life!" This text can be seen as explanation of the piece itself, as well as perhaps Reich's career, much of it spent exploring minimalism.
The melody is first presented by a solo soprano voice, singing a long lyric line. This original melody and text are repeated throughout the piece in successive unison canons, gradually augmenting in length but not strictly, and interspersed with tenor duets that vocalise on the prevailing vowel sound. The piece is primarily in harmonic B minor, with a central section in E flat minor. In this central part, the melody is inverted with some resulting conflict between natural and flattened leading notes, and the canon is interrupted by both a false start and a tenor interlude. The return to the home key area marks the start of the final canon, and a joining of both soprano and tenor ideas, until at the end the text is restated to a transformed melody with chordal accompaniment.
From the start Reich uses a mixture of time signatures that vary almost continuously between lengths of 4 to 9 quavers. Groupings of bar lengths begin to emerge and then changes in this underlying fabric serve to define sections, such as the tenor organa and the false canon. The work is approximately 14 minutes long.
"Proverb" is one of a number of Reich's works which has been remixed by electronic musicians. It is also the inspiration for a dance which was premiered at London's Barbican Centre in September 2006. It plays an important role in Richard Powers's 2014 novel "Orfeo".
The work has been well received by critics. It has been remixed, notably, by Nobukazu Takemura on the "Reich Remixed" album.

</doc>
<doc id="6978004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978004" title="State Route 5 (Virginia 1918)">
State Route 5 (Virginia 1918)



</doc>
<doc id="6978010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978010" title="Turbidites">
Turbidites



</doc>
<doc id="6978012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978012" title="Inner salt">
Inner salt



</doc>
<doc id="6978013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978013" title="Aleksandr Yegorov">
Aleksandr Yegorov



</doc>
<doc id="6978016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978016" title="Rachel Roy">
Rachel Roy

Rachel Irene Roy (born 1974) is an American fashion designer.
Early life and education.
Roy was born in San Bernardino County, California, and raised in Seaside, California, as a member of the Seventh-day Adventist Church. She graduated from Seaside High School. Her brother Rajendra Roy is the chief film curator of the Museum of Modern Art in New York. Roy's mother is Dutch and her father is Bengali Indian. Roy attended Columbia Union College (now called Washington Adventist University) in Takoma Park, Maryland and left to move to New York City where she worked as a wardrobe stylist and interned at the fashion label Rocawear.
Career.
At Rocawear, she rose to the position of creative director of the women's and children's divisions and met her future husband, Damon Dash. In 2004, Roy launched her eponymous fashion collection. In early 2006, Roy received a Bollywood industry award for her contribution to American fashion. In 2007, Roy was inducted into the Council of Fashion Designers of America. In June 2008, Jones Apparel Group formed a joint venture with the Rachel Roy brand. However, in 2013, Jones decided to sell itself to another company and to liquidate the Rachel Roy brand. They also planned to sell her trademarks to another firm. Roy fought back and sued Jones Apparel. The judge agreed that she held 100% creative control of her company and could decide on the buyer. The suit was settled and eventually sold to Sycamore Partners. As of 2021, her fashion company, Royale Etenia LLC., operates in partnership with Topson Downs. Royale owns 36% of the company and Dash and Roy maintain a 50-50 ownership of Royale.
Roy also received publicity in the teen market, including in "Teen Vogue"; in its April 2009 issue, Rachel did a "how to", where she transforms a regular T-shirt into an edgy prom dress.
In August 2009, Roy launched The RACHEL Rachel Roy collection, an affordable diffusion line of sportswear, shoes, and accessories. The label "RACHEL Rachel Roy" is available exclusively at Macy’s in the United States and at The Bay in Canada. Also in summer 2009, Roy and Grammy Award-winning British pop singer Estelle announced via Roy’s Twitter feed their collaboration on a jewelry line for the Spring 2010 RACHEL Rachel Roy collection. Roy designed a capsule collection in partnership with model Jessica Stam for Macy's stores and RachelRoy.com in Fall 2010. Roy has received many honors for her efforts as a designer, including an ACE AWARD in November 2010. She is an advisor to World of Children, a national non-profit organization that serves underprivileged kids.
In 2018, she was named a UN Women Champion for Innovation, and rewarded for her work with the UN to advocate for gender equality and bring awareness to related issues. Roy is also an author. In 2015, she wrote her first book, "Design your Life". "96 Words for Love", which she cowrote with daughter Ava, was published in 2019.
Celebrity clients.
Clients include Michelle Obama, Diane Sawyer, Kate Hudson, Jennifer Garner, Kim Kardashian, Iman, Lucy Liu, Sharon Stone, Tyra Banks, Wendy Williams, Penélope Cruz, and Melania Trump.
Personal life.
Rachel Roy divorced her first husband Yinka Dare, before his death from cardiac arrhythmia in 2004. Rachel and Damon Dash married in late 2004, or in 2005, and have two daughters. She filed for divorce in 2009. In April 2015, Roy was awarded sole custody of both daughters; she filed for an order of protection against Dash. The court granted Roy and her daughters a three-year restraining order against Dash. Days later, Dash filed a lawsuit against her, alleging breach of fiduciary duties and other claims related to Royale Etenia, a fashion company they founded during their marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="6978018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978018" title="State Route 35 (Virginia 1923)">
State Route 35 (Virginia 1923)



</doc>
<doc id="6978019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978019" title="Buy Beer (Beavis and Butt-head Episode)">
Buy Beer (Beavis and Butt-head Episode)



</doc>
<doc id="6978024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978024" title="Mismatched impedance">
Mismatched impedance



</doc>
<doc id="6978026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978026" title="Lyle M. Spencer">
Lyle M. Spencer

Lyle Manly Spencer (May 10, 1911 – August 21, 1968) was an American philanthropist. In 1938, he was a 27-year-old graduate student in sociology at the University of Chicago when he founded Science Research Associates (SRA), the educational publishing firm which provided the basis of his wealth and ultimately made possible the creation of The Spencer Foundation.
Early life and education.
Spencer was born in Atlanta to M. Lyle Spencer and Lois Hill. His parents divorced after 10 years of marriage. He spent much of his childhood in Appleton, Wisconsin, where his father was an English professor at Lawrence University. He received his undergraduate and master's degrees in sociology from the University of Washington in Seattle, where his father was president from 1927 to 1933; he then continued his graduate work in sociology at the University of Chicago.
Career.
The Spencer Foundation was established formally in 1962. That same year, Spencer, as President of SRA, testified before Congress and made explicit his belief in the reformative power of well-funded education research: "In my judgment, hard-minded, sensible investments in educational research can provide the most effective single method of strengthening our schools." Speaking to employees of his firm in 1961, Spencer noted that SRA was initially a nonprofit organization that "nearly went broke in the first year before we gave up that idea... We reorganized as a commercial firm in 1939 and have been going up ever since."
Spencer's colleagues at SRA and his friends in higher education referred to him as a businessman who was always an educator, a man who was a researcher all his life. Charles Dollard, Spencer's friend and one of the original directors of the Spencer Foundation, noted, "Lyle had a passionate belief in education as the "modus vivendi" of a democratic society. He was particularly concerned both professionally and personally with the education of the young. He liked to say that it was quite as important where one went to kindergarten as where one went to college." While at SRA's helm, Spencer served as a trustee of three universities, was a director of what is now the United Negro College Fund, and sat on the visiting committees for education at Harvard University and the University of Chicago.
Sale of SRA.
In 1964, SRA was purchased by IBM, but Spencer continued as the firm's chief executive and guiding spirit until his death in 1968. After the sale of SRA to IBM in 1964, Spencer realized the potential impact his now much-increased fortune could have on the course of educational research throughout the world. His personal memoranda, sketchy yet impassioned notes outlining his vision for the Foundation, reveal a concern for individual people and the individual learning process, a desire to support educational projects that lacked other sources of funding, and an interest in a grassroots approach to improving generally educational opportunities both here and abroad: "Improve learning process, including diffusion into developing countries;" "Maybe non-cognitive;" "Prejudiced against bricks and mortar;" "All support periods finite;" "Projects where other money not readily available at this point;" "Tend to bet on people even more than the project itself."
Death.
On August 21, 1968, Lyle Spencer died of pancreatic cancer at Passavant Hospital in Chicago, Illinois. He was buried in Appleton, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="6978027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978027" title="Mismatched impedances">
Mismatched impedances



</doc>
<doc id="6978028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978028" title="Vecernicek">
Vecernicek



</doc>
<doc id="6978046" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978046" title="List of Standoff episodes">
List of Standoff episodes



</doc>
<doc id="6978048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978048" title="Brian Ford">
Brian Ford

Brian Ford may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6978053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978053" title="We're All in Love">
We're All in Love



</doc>
<doc id="6978056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978056" title="Prunus racemosa">
Prunus racemosa



</doc>
<doc id="6978062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978062" title="Maharaj Kumar of Vizianagram">
Maharaj Kumar of Vizianagram



</doc>
<doc id="6978065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978065" title="Champagne Castle, KwaZulu-Natal">
Champagne Castle, KwaZulu-Natal



</doc>
<doc id="6978069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978069" title="New York NLL">
New York NLL



</doc>
<doc id="6978080" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978080" title="Junior marvin">
Junior marvin



</doc>
<doc id="6978083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978083" title="Cutting room floor">
Cutting room floor



</doc>
<doc id="6978099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978099" title="Manuel Ortiz (boxer)">
Manuel Ortiz (boxer)

Manuel Ortiz (July 2, 1916 – May 31, 1970) was an American professional boxer in the bantamweight division and one of the very best boxers of the 1940s. He was a two-time Undisputed Bantamweight World Champion and was named to "The Ring's" list of the 80 Best Fighters of the Last 80 Years. In 1996, he was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame.
Amateur career.
Ortiz, who was of Mexican descent, started an amateur career in 1937. Within a year, Ortiz won the Southern California Amateur Flyweight Title, the Golden Gloves Title, and the National AAU title in Boston. He also defeated Chief Lopez, who was an Olympic runner-up, and Bobby Hagar (father of former Van Halen frontman Sammy Hagar) twice. In their first fight, Ortiz decked Hagar 17 times. In their second match, Ortiz decked Hagar twenty times.
Professional career.
Ortiz turned pro in 1938 and in 1942 won the World Bantamweight title by beating Lou Salica. He defended the title a division record of 15 times against 11 boxers before losing to Harold Dade in 1947. He regained the title in a rematch later in the year, and defended the title four more times giving him the most combined title defenses of any bantamweight champion in history at 19 title defenses. After losing his undisputed championship to the undefeated Vic Toweel in 1950, he went on to fight for 5 more years never getting a chance at an unprecedented third bantamweight title reign.

</doc>
<doc id="6978102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978102" title="Korfu">
Korfu



</doc>
<doc id="6978113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978113" title="Bedford Grammar School">
Bedford Grammar School



</doc>
<doc id="6978114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978114" title="Shenton Whitelegge Thomas">
Shenton Whitelegge Thomas



</doc>
<doc id="6978126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978126" title="Banquet (Phones Disco Edit)">
Banquet (Phones Disco Edit)



</doc>
<doc id="6978135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978135" title="B-72">
B-72



</doc>
<doc id="6978138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978138" title="Stechovice Treasure">
Stechovice Treasure



</doc>
<doc id="6978140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978140" title="Reticulated swellshark">
Reticulated swellshark

The reticulated swellshark ("Cephaloscyllium fasciatum") is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae. The Reticulated swellshark is found in the western Pacific Ocean between latitudes 21° N and 28° S, at depths between 220 and 450 m. It is a blunt snouted shark with an inflatable stomach, narrow eye slits and a pattern of spots and lines covering its body. It can grow up to 80 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="6978141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978141" title="Onimusha 2">
Onimusha 2



</doc>
<doc id="6978146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978146" title="Cephaloscyllium fasciatum">
Cephaloscyllium fasciatum



</doc>
<doc id="6978151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978151" title="The Last Star Fighter">
The Last Star Fighter



</doc>
<doc id="6978159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978159" title="Tekitha Washington">
Tekitha Washington



</doc>
<doc id="6978162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978162" title="Volksplane">
Volksplane



</doc>
<doc id="6978184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978184" title="Fragrant balm">
Fragrant balm



</doc>
<doc id="6978189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978189" title="C-15">
C-15



</doc>
<doc id="6978191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978191" title="Działdowo County">
Działdowo County

Działdowo County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Działdowo, which lies south of the regional capital Olsztyn. The only other town in the county is Lidzbark, lying west of Działdowo. (This should not be confused with Lidzbark Warmiński, another town in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, which is the seat of Lidzbark County.)
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 65,288, out of which the population of Działdowo is 21,279, that of Lidzbark is 7,794, and the rural population is 36,215.
Neighbouring counties.
Działdowo County is bordered by Ostróda County to the north, Nidzica County to the north-east, Mława County to the south-east, Żuromin County to the south-west, Brodnica County and Nowe Miasto County to the west, and Iława County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (one urban, one urban-rural and four rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6978192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978192" title="Powiat of Działdowo">
Powiat of Działdowo



</doc>
<doc id="6978194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978194" title="Dzialdowo County">
Dzialdowo County



</doc>
<doc id="6978205" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978205" title="Virupaksha Temple, Hampi">
Virupaksha Temple, Hampi

Virupaksha Temple () is located in Hampi in the Vijayanagara district of Karnataka, India, situated on the banks of the river Tungabhadra, a 7th-century temple of Lord Shiva. It is part of the Group of Monuments at Hampi, designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The temple is dedicated to Sri Virupaksha. The temple was expanded by Lakkan Dandesha, a nayaka (chieftain) under the ruler Deva Raya II, also known as Prauda Deva Raya of the Vijayanagara Empire.
Hampi, capital of the Vijayanagar empire, sits on the banks of the Tungabhadra River (Pampa hole/Pampa river). Virupaksha Temple is the main center of pilgrimage (ತೀರ್ಥಯಾತ್ರೆ) at Hampi, and has been considered the most sacred sanctuary over the centuries. It is intact among the surrounding ruins and is still used in worship. The temple is dedicated to Lord Shiva, known here as Virupaksha/Pampa pathi, as the consort of the local goddess Pampadevi who is associated with the Tungabhadra River. There is also a Virupakshini Amma temple (mother goddess) in a village called Nalagamapalle, Chittoor district, Andhra Pradesh, approximately 100 km from Tirupati.
History.
The temple's history is uninterrupted from about the 7th century CE. The Virupaksha-Pampa sanctuary existed well before the Vijayanagara capital was located here. Inscriptions referring to Shiva date back to the 9th and 10th centuries. What started as a small shrine grew into a large complex under the Vijayanagara rulers. Evidence indicates there were additions made to the temple in the late Chalukyan and Hoysala periods, though most of the temple buildings are attributed to the Vijayanagara period. The huge temple complex was built by Lakkana Dandesha, a chieftain under king Deva Raya II of the Vijayanagara Empire.
Ceiling Paintings in the Virupaksha date to 14th and 16th centuries. The religious sect of Virupaksha-Pampa did not end with the destruction of the city in 1565. Worship there has persisted throughout the centuries. At the beginning of the 19th century there were major renovations and additions, which included restoring some of the broken towers of the north and east gopura.
This temple is presently the only well preserved and maintained temple in Hampi; the other numerous temples here were destroyed by the Bahmani sultanate.
Temple structure.
At present, the main temple consists of a sanctum, three ante chambers, a pillared hall and an open pillared hall. It is decorated with delicately carved pillars. A pillared cloister, entrance gateways, courtyards, smaller shrines and other structures surround the temple.
The nine-tiered eastern gateway, which is the largest at 50 meters, is well-proportioned and incorporates some earlier structures. It has a brick superstructure and a stone base. It gives access to the outer court containing many sub-shrines.
The smaller eastern gateway leads to the inner court with its numerous smaller shrines.
Another "gopuram" towards north, known as the Kanakagiri "gopura", leads to a small enclosure with subsidiary shrines and eventually to the Tungabhadra River.
A narrow channel of the Tungabhadra River flows along the temple's terrace and then descends to the temple-kitchen and out through the outer court.
One of the most striking features of this temple is the usage of mathematical concepts to build and decorate it. The temple has repeated patterns that demonstrate the concept of Fractals. The main shape of the temple is triangular. As you look up the temple top, the patterns divide and repeat themselves, just like in a snowflake.
Krishnadevaraya, one of the famous kings of the Vijayanagara Empire, was a major patron of this temple. The most ornate of all structures in the temple, the central pillared hall is believed to be his addition to this temple. So is the gateway tower giving access to the inner courtyard of the temple. Inscriptions on a stone plaque installed next to the pillared hall explain his contribution to the temple. It is recorded that Krishna Devaraya commissioned this hall in 1510 CE to mark his accession. He also built the eastern gopuram. These additions meant that the central shrine came to occupy a relatively small part of the complex. The halls in the temple were used for a variety of purposes. Some were spaces in which the images of gods were placed to witness special programmes of music, dance, and drama. Others were used for the wedding rituals of deities.
Festivals.
The temple continues to prosper and attracts huge crowds for the betrothal and wedding festivities of Virupaksha and Pampa in December.
In the month of February the annual chariot festival is celebrated here.

</doc>
<doc id="6978210" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978210" title="Isa Alptekin">
Isa Alptekin

Isa Yusuf Alptekin (1901 – 17 December 1995) was an Uyghur politician who served in the Chinese Nationalist government and opposed both the First East Turkistan Republic and the Second East Turkestan Republic. When Xinjiang came under Chinese communist control in 1949, Alptekin went into exile and became an ultra-nationalist and pan-Turkic separatist.
Biography.
He was born in 1901 in Yengisar County, Kashgar, Qing dynasty. Aliptekin began his political career working as a translator and interpreter at the Chinese consulate in Andijan from 1926 to 1928. While working in Andijan, Alptekin met with Uyghur merchants who sought his counsel on whether to agree with Soviet plans to arm Uyghurs and liberate East Turkistan from Chinese control. Alptekin immediately notified the Chinese consul of the plot. In 1928, Aliptekin was praised for his work and tasked with escorting a Chinese diplomat who had fallen very ill (Peking). In the fall of 1928, Alptekin was posted to Tashkent where he worked as a lackey, interpreter, and translator for the Chinese consul until May 1932. In 1932, Alptekin was sent to Nanjing and was appointed as an advisor in the Republic of China's Defense Ministry's Border Affairs Department.
Alptekin opposed the First East Turkestan Republic which existed in Kashgar from November 12, 1933 to April 16, 1934. In Nanjing, under the direction of the Chinese government, Alptekin's "Chini Turkistan Avazi" journal accused the British government of organizing a revolt in East Turkistan in a bid to seize it. Initially, the republic was named the "Turkic Islamic Republic of East Turkestan" (TIRET), representing the multi-national staff of its government, which included Uyghurs, Kazakhs, and Kyrgyz. Its anti-Hui, anti-Han, and anti-communist policies were declared in its declaration of independence, its basic Islamic principles, and its constitution. On September 18, 1936, Aliptekin was "elected" as a member of the Chinese National Assembly (Legislative Yuan).
He stayed in Nanjing and then fled to Chongqing with the Chinese government when the Empire of Japan invaded. He lived there along with several other Uyghurs such as Masud Sabri. In order to gain sympathy for the Chinese War against Japan, the countries of Egypt, Syria, and Turkey were visited by Hui Muslim Ma Fuliang (馬賦良) and Uyghur Muslim Isa Yusuf Alptekin in 1939. They contacted Muhammad Amin Bughra when they also went to Afghanistan in 1940, asking him to come to Chongqing, the capital of the Kuomintang regime. The Kuomintang arranged for Bughra's release after the British had arrested Bughra for spying. Kuomintang Muslim publications used Isa and Bughra as editors.
The bombardment of Chinese Muslims by the warplanes of the Japanese was reported in the newspapers of Syria. Afghanistan, Iran, Iraq, Syria, and Lebanon were all toured by the delegation. The Foreign Minister, Prime Minister, and President of Turkey met with the Chinese Muslim delegation after they came via Egypt in May 1939. Gandhi and Jinnah met with the Hui Ma Fuliang and Uyghur Isa Alptekin as they denounced Japan.
Ma Fuxliang, Isa Alptekin, Wang Zengshan, Xue Wenbo, and Lin Zhongming all went to Egypt to denounce Japan in front of the Arab and Islamic worlds. China was supported by Alptekin during the Japanese invasion.
Isa returned to Xinjiang, and he opposed the Second East Turkestan Republic in northern Xinjiang during the Ili Rebellion, claiming that it was a Soviet Communist puppet state of Stalin. Instead, he worked for the Chinese Kuomintang regime of Zhang Zhizhong. There were 3 Effendis, (Üch Äpändi) (ئۈچ ئەپەندى) Aisa Alptekin, Memtimin Bughra (Muhammad Amin Bughra), and Masud Sabri. The Second East Turkestan Republic attacked them as Kuomintang "puppets".
He asked Ma Bufang on whether Chiang Kai-shek and the Chinese government would allow an independent Islamic state in southern Xinjiang to counter the Communists and the Soviet-backed Second East Turkestan Republic, but Ma Bufang did not bother with this request. Instead, Ma fled in an American CIA airplane with several million dollars in gold as the Chinese Red Army approached Qinghai. Ma then fled to the Kuomintang-controlled island of Taiwan, then to Egypt.
Alptekin fled after the Communist takeover of Xinjiang through the Himalayas, reaching Ladakh in Indian-controlled Kashmir and going into exile in Turkey. In 1954, he and Muhammad Amin Bughra went to Taiwan to try to persuade the Kuomintang government of the Republic of China to drop its claims to Xinjiang. Their demand was rejected and Taiwan affirmed that it claimed Xinjiang as "an integral part of China".
Members of the US Congress met with Alptekin in 1970. Alptekin met with the ultra-nationalist Pan-Turkic leader Alparslan Türkeş. The marriages between Muslim (Uyghur) women and Han Chinese men infuriated him. Anti-Soviet sentiment was espoused by Isa while pro-Soviet sentiment was espoused by Burhan. The Soviets were angered by Isa. Alptekin also voiced anti-Armenian rhetoric while he was in Turkey and claimed that innocent Turkish Muslims were massacred by Armenians.
Isa Yusuf Alptekin was the father of Erkin Alptekin. During Alptekin's exile in Turkey, where he received great support from Pan-Turkic elements in the Government of Turkey, the PRC government denounced him for continuing his "Xinjiang independence activities", and for trying to overthrow the "socialist system". When he died there in 1995, over a thousand people allegedly attended his funeral, and he was buried in Topkapı Cemetery, next to the mausoleums of two former Turkish leaders, Adnan Menderes and Turgut Özal. In 1995, a park was dedicated to Alptekin in the Blue Mosque section in Istanbul, along with a memorial for martyrs of the late East Turkestan Independence Movement. The high-profile nature of the dedication, including the attendance of the Turkish President, Prime Minister, chairman of parliament, and others, enraged China. It denounced Turkey for meddling in its 'internal affairs', and the Turkish state department requested the closing of the park, but domestic constituencies refused.
Criticism.
Several Uyghur intellectuals regard Isa Alpetekin as a traitor to the national cause, such as General Mahmut Muhiti who expressed his disdain for Alptekin in his 1938 letter published in "Yash Turkistan" ("Young Turkestan") newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="6978225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978225" title="2006 Arizona's 8th congressional district election">
2006 Arizona's 8th congressional district election

 
The 2006 Arizona 8th congressional district election was an election for the United States House of Representatives for the open seat of incumbent Republican Jim Kolbe, who was not running for re-election. The primary was held on September 12, 2006, and the two major party winners were Republican Randy Graf, a former state Representative who challenged Kolbe for the GOP nomination in 2004, and former State Senator Gabby Giffords. Libertarian Dave Nolan, who was uncontested in the primary, was also in the November 7, 2006, general election.
Graf was considered too conservative for the district. Kolbe withheld his endorsement, and towards the end of the election, the National GOP pulled their support. By election time, most non-partisan analyses considered this race the most likely district to switch hands, which it did, as Giffords won a decisive victory, 54% to 42%.
Primary.
Republican campaign.
Incumbent Republican Jim Kolbe announced on November 23, 2005, that he would not seek re-election in 2006. The district, located in Southeastern Arizona and based in the suburbs of Tucson, was Republican-leaning, but competitive: George W. Bush had won the district with 53% of the vote in 2004 (although only 50% in 2000). Kolbe had barely won the seat in 1984, but had usually skated to reelection since then. Even after coming out as gay in 1996, he remained very popular in the district, taking 61% of the vote in 2004. Although Kolbe was generally thought to be all but unbeatable in the district, it was widely believed that it would be very competitive once he retired.
Randy Graf, the primary winner, left a leadership position in the state House in 2004 to challenge Kolbe in the Republican primary. Graf had won 40 percent of the vote and had campaigned almost full-time since. A supporter of the Minuteman Project, Graf campaigned on a pledge to ensure that illegal immigrants had no path to citizenship and that the border would be further secured. Graf previously sponsored a bill (which did not pass) to allow patrons carry guns into bars and restaurants.
The GOP establishment, however, considered Graf as too conservative for a district that leaned Republican but gave President Bush only 53 percent of the votes in 2004, and tried to rally voters around moderate state representative Steve Huffman. However, another more moderate candidate, former Arizona Republican Party chairman Mike Hellon, also gained significant support, which split anti-Graf support and prevented Huffman from consolidating the moderate lane.
Huffman got a boost when the national GOP took the rare step of endorsing and supporting Huffman, putting $250,000 into the race. The other GOP candidates criticized the move as unfair. The national Democratic party spent nearly $200,000, much of it on advertisements critical of Huffman in an effort to help Graf's candidacy, believing Graf would be the weaker candidate in the general election.
Huffman's campaign was injured when, according to "CQPolitics": "there were allegations that his (Huffman's) campaign treasurer, local real estate broker William Arnold, had stalked Hellon’s ex-wife, state Sen. Toni Hellon". Arnold quit as treasurer after Hellon obtained a restraining order against him, and Huffman's campaign said it had no involvement in Arnold's actions." The scandal expanded when it was revealed that unauthorised photos of Toni Hellon had been posted to a website owned by the same individual who had designed Huffman's campaign website. As a result of the incident, the "Tucson Weekly" withdrew its support for Huffman.
Democratic campaign.
Gabby Giffords, who was former State Senator, resigned from the Arizona Legislature just eight days after Kolbe's announcement, in order to run for his seat. She quickly established herself as the front-runner, largely on the basis of her legislative record. She also gained some beneficial publicity when it was revealed that she was engaged to space shuttle astronaut Mark Kelly. Her only serious competition was longtime KVOA television newscaster Patty Weiss, who ran as a more liberal alternative to Giffords.
General election.
Campaign.
Graf's campaign got off to a rough start in mid-September when outgoing Republican incumbent Jim Kolbe withheld his endorsement, citing "profound and fundamental differences" between their views. The "Arizona Republic" wrote that a "victory by Graf would in effect repudiate much of Kolbe's work on what has come to be known as 'comprehensive' immigration reform. In contrast with 'enforcement only,' Kolbe’s plan would create a guest-worker program and an opportunity for undocumented residents to become citizens eventually."
In mid-August "CQPolitics" changed their rating of the race from "Leans Republican" to "No Clear Favorite".
By late September, Graf's position had continued to deteriorate. The "Cook Political Report" changed their rating from "Toss Up" to "Leans Democratic", and the national Republican Party cancelled about $1 million in advertising support. Two days later, in what was seen as a diminished level of national influence and interest in what had long been considered a competitive race, the national Democratic party also pulled their financial support.
Polling.
On September 20, 2006, Gabby Giffords' campaign released an internal poll that showed her leading Republican candidate Randy Graf by 19 percentage points. The poll showed Giffords with 54% of the vote and Graf with 35%. The poll was based on responses from 500 likely general election voters and had a +/-4% margin of error.
Results from a second poll conducted during the same time period confirmed a Giffords lead while suggesting a slightly tighter race. This independent poll, conducted by 1 to 1 Direct and Marketing Intelligence, showed Giffords with a 12-point lead (Giffords [48], Graf [36], +/-4% MoE).
On October 4, Zogby released a poll showing Giffords with a 45–37 percent lead.
Results.
Giffords was declared the winner 37 minutes after the polls closed. Graf conceded defeat at 10:08 P.M. EST.

</doc>
<doc id="6978228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978228" title="Honeysuckle clover">
Honeysuckle clover



</doc>
<doc id="6978229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978229" title="Powiat of Ostróda">
Powiat of Ostróda



</doc>
<doc id="6978232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978232" title="Ostroda County">
Ostroda County



</doc>
<doc id="6978234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978234" title="Ostróda County">
Ostróda County

Ostróda County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Ostróda, which lies west of the regional capital Olsztyn. The county contains three other towns: Morąg, north of Ostróda, Miłakowo, north of Ostróda, and Miłomłyn, north-west of Ostróda.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 105,286, out of which the population of Ostróda is 33,419, that of Morąg is 14,497, that of Miłakowo is 2,665, that of Miłomłyn is 2,305, and the rural population is 52,400.
Neighbouring counties.
Ostróda County is bordered by Lidzbark County to the north-east, Olsztyn County to the east, Nidzica County to the south-east, Działdowo County to the south, Iława County and Sztum County to the west, and Elbląg County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into nine gminas (one urban, three urban-rural and five rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
Historical population.
In 1828, Ostróda County () had 32,845 inhabitants. By mother tongue, they were 23,577 (~72%) Polish and 9,268 (~28%) German.

</doc>
<doc id="6978236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978236" title="Toward the End of Time">
Toward the End of Time

Toward the End of Time is a novel by American writer John Updike, published in 1997. It is the author's 18th novel.
Brief synopsis.
Set in New England, like many of Updike's novels, "Toward the End of Time" portrays a world in which the Chinese and the Americans have attacked one another with nuclear weapons. The aftermath is shown through retired investment advisor Ben Turnbull's journal. Though the dollar and the central government are gone, life in Boston and the surrounding areas goes on thanks to FedEx and other less reputable entrepreneurs.
Plot summary.
The book is divided into five parts: 
i. The Deer
Ben expresses his uneasiness about his second wife, Gloria's, obsession with killing the deer who is ravaging her picture-perfect garden. Clearly unhappy with Gloria, Ben begins an affair with a prostitute named Deirdre.
ii. The Dollhouse
Ben believes he has slid into an alternate universe when Gloria disappears and Deirdre takes her place. Ben has the vague impression he may have shot and killed Gloria. Spin and Phil, young thugs who collect protection money from Ben, clash with Deirdre, who takes a more and more authoritative role in the house.
iii. The Deal
Deirdre leaves Ben for Phil, and Gloria returns. Ben is relieved that he did not shoot Gloria, and admits that the house and garden flourish under her influence. Spin is killed by a group of younger children who set up house in the woods behind Ben's house and supplant Spin and Phil in the collection business. Ben helps them establish local legitimacy in exchange for commissions on their earnings and sexual favors from their young female companion, Doreen.
iv. The Deaths
Ben discovers he has prostate cancer. During his long hospital stay, Gloria hires FedEx — for whom Phil is now working — to get rid of the residents of the makeshift house. Creatures called "Metallobioforms" designed to clear away large tracts of land for human exploitation are used to raze the house. Ben sees evidence that they also devoured and killed the young people. He is left as impotent to protest Gloria's cruelty as he was left physically impotent by the prostate surgery.
v. The Dahlia
Gloria's hired deer hunter shoots and kills the young doe who has been nibbling their garden. Ben cannot participate in Gloria's triumph or the deer hunter's communion with nature. Ben regains some control of his bladder, but this is not enough to erase the impression that he has become a ghost wandering around in his own house.
Critical reception.
In a review for the "New York Observer" entitled, "John Updike, Champion Literary Phallocrat, Drops One; Is This Finally the End for Magnificent Narcissists?" (later published in "Consider the Lobster"), novelist David Foster Wallace wrote a scathing critique of "Toward the End of Time." Wallace wrote: 
Wallace quotes literary readers he knows who characterize Updike "just a penis with a thesaurus." Aside from its protagonist, who, Wallace argues, is fundamentally unlikable, the novel's prose is so "turgid" that it distracts "us with worries about whether Mr. Updike might be injured or ill." Wallace concludes:
In contrast, Margaret Atwood wrote a very positive review of "Toward the End of Time" for the "New York Times", "Memento Mori--But First, Carpe Diem." She praises Updike's "brilliant metaphors" and describes the central character Ben Turnbull in his semi-idyllic, upper class rural home as "a Thoreau run through the meat grinder of the 20th century."
Atwood takes note of Turnbull’s frequent brutality (both towards himself and others), but also notes his rueful, evenhanded powers of observation that "[fall] alike on everything: on flowers, animals, grandchildren, corpses, copulations; on ancient Egypt and plastic peanuts; on memory, disgust, dread, lust and spiritual rapture."
Atwood ends with the claim that "As memento mori and its obverse, carpe diem, "Toward the End of Time" could scarcely be bettered." 
Critic James Wood was dismissive, as he is of much of Updike's work, calling it 'a deeply misogynistic moan'.
In his 2006 "New York Times" review of Updike’s novel "Terrorist", novelist Robert Stone called "Toward the End of Time" a “haunting but unresolved novel.” Stone believes that Updike’s “work has never departed too far from his religious concerns”, and "Toward the End of Time" is no different, even though it “presents a war- and crime-ravaged terminal America.”

</doc>
<doc id="6978238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978238" title="Zzzz">
Zzzz

ZZZZ or zzzz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6978240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978240" title="Northern Subject Rule">
Northern Subject Rule

The Northern Subject Rule is a grammatical pattern that occurs in Northern English and Scots dialects. Present-tense verbs may take the verbal ‑"s" suffix, except when they are directly adjacent to one of the personal pronouns "I", "you", "we", or "they" as their subject. As a result, "they sing" contrasts with "the birds sings"; "they sing and dances"; "it's you that sings"; "I only sings". Various core areas for the rule have been proposed, including Yorkshire and southern Scotland.
The Northern Subject Rule is also present in Newfoundland English, although a 2011 study by Philip Comeau argues that it differs from the Northern Subject Rule of British dialects, because it is a marker of habitual aspect or verb stativity.
In several other dialects across England, occasional variations in agreement between subjects and verbs can be found.
Origin.
The origin of the Northern Subject Rule is debated. Some linguists have proposed that it arose, in part, from contact with the British Celtic languages in the early phase of Anglo-Saxon settlement, or Old Norse during the Danelaw period. Others have argued that it was a language-internal development that became common during the Middle English period. The late attestation of the rule and the paucity of northern texts in Old English means that dating its formation, and explaining its origin, with any degree of certainty is difficult.
Graham Shorrocks notes that a similar use of the historic present occurs in some dialects of north Germany, citing Gordon (1966) and Wakernagel-Jolles (1971).
Celtic origin theory.
Due to similarities between the Northern Subject Rule and structures found in Welsh, Breton and Cornish, some linguists have proposed a Celtic origin for this feature. Linguists supporting this proposal include Eric Hamp, Hildegard Tristram, Juhani Klemola and David White. Michael Benskin states that both a Celtic origin and an internal development within Old English are plausible origins.
The Northern Subject Rule has a close parallel in Welsh, where 3rd person plural verbs are conjugated as singular unless they are adjacent to "nhw", the third person plural pronoun. The similarity is illustrated below, note that the verb precedes the subject in Welsh whereas the opposite is true in English:
Old English-Brittonic language contact and the Northern Subject Rule.
The Celtic theory presupposes a period of contact between speakers of dialects derived from Brittonic, the ancestor of Welsh, and speakers of Old English in the north of England and southern Scotland, with speakers of the former transmitting this feature into the latter through imperfect acquisition of Old English grammar. This contact is suggested to have of taken place in the 6th and 7th centuries, with some scholars proposing a continuation of the process through the viking era. Among proponents of later dates, a trilingual contact situation is proposed between Cumbric, Old Norse and two Old English sociolects, a high status variety with little Brittonic influence and a low status variety with a Celtic substrate. Scholars who support this viewpoint generally group the Northern Subject Rule with other features of possible Celtic origin which together form the basis of the Celtic Hypothesis.
Criticism of Celtic origin theory.
Critics of this theory point out that the Northern Subject Rule is not widely attested in the Old English period, the time when the supposed Celtic influence was most recent, becoming prominent only in the Middle English period. They also argue that contact with Celtic dialects was too limited to have influenced Old English grammar.
Graham Isaac also argues that the Welsh accord system differs from the Northern Subject Rule in that, in Welsh, it is the presence of the pronoun which causes inflection of the verb, whereas in the Northern Subject Rule the absence of the pronoun causes the verb to be inflected. In Isaac's view this means the structures are not analogous, making a Celtic origin impossible. However, Michael Benskin argues that Isaac's analysis is incorrect, and that in dialects where the Northern Subject Rule is present the absence of the verb ending "-s" is a development of the Old English ending "-e", rather than a truly uninflected form. In Benskin's view the Northern Subject Rule would therefore be a true analogue of Welsh inflection patterns.

</doc>
<doc id="6978242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978242" title="Da'ath">
Da'ath



</doc>
<doc id="6978253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978253" title="C-22">
C-22



</doc>
<doc id="6978255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978255" title="Staying Fat">
Staying Fat



</doc>
<doc id="6978264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978264" title="List of Freedom Fighters members">
List of Freedom Fighters members

The Freedom Fighters is a team of comic book superheroes, as published by DC Comics.
The roster of the team has changed a great deal over the years. These roster lists are of the members during the team's various incarnations by team iteration.
The codenames listed under Character are those used during the time frame of the particular iteration. Characters with more than one codename for that period have them listed chronologically and separated by a slash (/). Bolded names in the most recent iteration published are the current team members.
First Appearance is the place where the character first appeared as a member of a particular iteration. It is not necessarily the first appearance of the character in print, nor the story depicting how the character joined the team.
All information is listed in publication order first, then alphabetical.
First roster.
This roster covers the iteration of the team introduced in the early 1970s and later modified by retcons in the 1980s.
Second roster.
This roster covers the iteration of the team introduced in 2001.
Third roster.
This roster covers the iteration of the team introduced in 2006 after "Infinite Crisis".

</doc>
<doc id="6978280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978280" title="Right of way (rail)">
Right of way (rail)

 

</doc>
<doc id="6978282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978282" title="List of Ugly Betty episodes">
List of Ugly Betty episodes

This is an episode listing for the comedy drama TV series "Ugly Betty". The show premiered on September 28, 2006 on ABC in the United States and ended its run on April 14, 2010 after 85 episodes.
Series overview.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6978283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978283" title="Predictive testing">
Predictive testing



</doc>
<doc id="6978284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978284" title="Makoshika State Park">
Makoshika State Park

Makoshika State Park ("ma-KO-sh(ih)kuh" from the Lakota "Mako sica," meaning 'bad land' or 'land that is bad') is a nature preserve and public recreation area located on the southeast side of Glendive in Dawson County, Montana. The state park encompasses badlands containing dinosaur fossils and rock from the Hell Creek Formation. It is the largest of Montana's state parks at more than 11,000 acres (45 km2).
Park history.
In 1938, the site was proposed as a Badlands National Park by the Glendive Chamber of Commerce. Chamber secretary K. E. Burleigh wrote to federal officials, requesting that they "inspect our proposed bad-lands park, we would be very glad to show it to them and we would appreciate any efforts on your part to have a park established near Glendive, as you know we are very short on scenery and places of interest, and I believe it would be one way to stop tourists in Glendive for a day or two." However, the National Park Service regional office determined that the location was "not of national significance."
The site became a state park in 1939, when Dawson County donated an initial 160 acres to the state. Another 80 acres were donated by the county in 1953. The state acquired additional lands from the U.S. Bureau of Land Management, Dawson County, and private landowners over the course of the following five decades.
Fossil discoveries.
Dinosaur fossils discovered in and near the park include examples of "Triceratops" and "Thescelosaurus". A 600-pound juvenile female triceratops skull measuring 5.5 feet long was unearthed in 1991. The skull is displayed in the park's visitor center. In 1997, a fossil thescelosaurus considered to be the largest and most complete skeleton of its kind was found by an expedition led by Jack Horner and Bob Harmon.
Wildlife.
Turkey vultures, prairie falcons, and golden eagles make their home in the park.
Activities and amenities.
The park features a visitors center with geology and fossil displays, scenic drives, nature trails, campground, archery area, amphitheater, and picnicking facilities. Events include the annual "Buzzard Day" celebration.

</doc>
<doc id="6978292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978292" title="Kętrzyn County">
Kętrzyn County

Kętrzyn County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland, on the border with Russia. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Kętrzyn (former Rastembork), which lies north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn. The county also contains the towns of Reszel, lying west of Kętrzyn, and Korsze, north-west of Kętrzyn.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 66,165, out of which the population of Kętrzyn is 28,000, that of Reszel is 5,098, that of Korsze is 4,632, and the rural population is 28,435.
Neighbouring counties.
Kętrzyn County is bordered by Węgorzewo County and Giżycko County to the east, Mrągowo County to the south, and Olsztyn County and Bartoszyce County to the west. It also borders Russia (Kaliningrad Oblast) to the north.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (one urban, two urban-rural and three rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6978294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978294" title="Powiat of Kętrzyn">
Powiat of Kętrzyn



</doc>
<doc id="6978295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978295" title="Ketrzyn County">
Ketrzyn County



</doc>
<doc id="6978302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978302" title="Draughtsboard shark">
Draughtsboard shark

The draughtsboard shark ("Cephaloscyllium isabellum") is a species of catshark, and part of the family Scyliorhinidae, so named for its "checkerboard" colour pattern of dark blotches. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is also known as the carpet shark (which usually refers to the entire order Orectolobiformes). This shark typically reaches in length and has a thick body with a broad, flattened head and a capacious mouth. Its two dorsal fins are placed far back on the body, with the first much larger than the second.
Occurring down to a depth of , the draughtsboard shark frequents rocky reefs during the day and sandy flats at night. Its diet consists of fishes and invertebrates. When threatened by a predator, it can take water or air into its body to inflate its body, which may be the cause of its unusual habit of barking like a dog. This species is oviparous, with females laying smooth, tendril-bearing egg capsules in pairs. Draughtsboard sharks are often taken as bycatch by commercial fisheries, but are probably hardy enough to survive the experience. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has listed this species under Least Concern.
Taxonomy.
French naturalist Pierre Joseph Bonnaterre originally described the draughtsboard shark as "Squalus isabella", in the 1788 ichthyology volume of the "Tableau encyclopédique et méthodique des trois règnes de la nature". He based his account on "L'Isabelle", referred to by Pierre-Marie-Auguste Broussonet in a 1780 "Histoire de l'Académie Royale des Sciences" paper. The type specimen has since been lost. Later authors moved this species to the genus "Cephaloscyllium".
The draughtsboard shark closely resembles the blotchy swellshark ("C. umbratile") and the Australian swellshark ("C. laticeps"), both of which have been suspected to be the same species as "C. isabellum" by different authors at various times. The draughtsboard shark differs from the Australian swellshark in colouration and the form of its egg capsules (smooth in "C. isabellum" and ridged in "C. laticeps"). It differs from the blotchy swellshark in colouration and morphometric measurements.
Distribution and habitat.
The draughtsboard shark is found in the coastal waters around Tasmania, New Zealand, including the Snares, the Chatham Islands, and Stewart Island, where it is particularly common. It typically occurs at depths of on continental and insular shelves, though it has been recorded from as far down as . This shark is a bottom-dweller that favours rocky reefs and adjacent areas of soft substrate. Adult males and females segregate from each other.
Description.
Most draughtsboard sharks measure no more than long, though rarely an individual may reach ; a recorded maximum size of was probably based on the broadnose sevengill shark ("Notorynchus cepedianus") or some other species. Females grow larger than males. This shark has a stocky, spindle-shaped body that tapers to a relatively thin caudal peduncle. The head is short, broad, and somewhat flattened, with a broadly rounded snout. The nostrils have a triangular flap of skin in front, that do not reach the mouth. The oval eyes have rudimentary nictitating eyelids and are placed somewhat on top of the head; they have thick ridges above and below, and are followed by spiracles. The mouth is very large and curved, without furrows at the corners and with the upper teeth exposed when closed.
The pectoral fins are fairly large and broad. The two dorsal fins are placed far back on the body, with the first originating about over the middle of the pelvic fin bases and the second originating over the anal fin. The second dorsal fin is much smaller than the first, and also smaller than the anal fin. Males have short and thick claspers. The caudal fin is short and broad, with a barely developed lower lobe and a strong ventral notch near the tip of the upper lobe. The skin is thick and covered by well-calcified dermal denticles. The colouration of the draughtsboard shark gives it its common name: it is golden to brown above and light below, with up to 11 dark brown, irregular dorsal "saddles" that alternate with blotches on its flanks to form a checkerboard pattern. Also distinctive is the saddle between its spiracles, which is stretched out and swept back on each side to form a bar over the gill slits.
Biology and ecology.
During the day, the draughtsboard shark is lethargic and typically hides inside crevices or caves on the reef. At night, it emerges to forage for food over nearby sandy flats. This shark consumes a wide variety of fishes and invertebrates, including spiny dogfish, cod, sand perch, blennies, octopus, squid, gastropods, innkeeper worms, krill, hermit crabs, crabs, spiny lobsters, and even sea squirts. Individuals have been observed sucking innkeeper worms out of their burrows, and swimming around with the antennae of large lobsters sticking out of their mouths for hours. A known parasite of this species is the tapeworm "Calyptrobothrium chalarosomum".
Like other "Cephaloscyllium" species, the draughtsboard shark has the ability to inflate its body dramatically in response to a predator; this defence mechanism may be behind reports of this species barking like a large dog. While it usually inflates with water, when captured by humans and brought to the surface it may inflate with air instead. When the shark deflates, the "bark" is produced by the pressurized air as it is released explosively through the cardiac sphincter of the stomach. This species is oviparous, with females laying two eggs at a time. The smooth, cream-colored egg cases measure long, and have long, spiral tendrils at the corners that allow them to be fastened to underwater objects. Newly hatched sharks measure long; males and females mature sexually at and long respectively.
Human interactions.
Common and harmless, draughtsboard sharks are often caught incidentally by trawl, rock lobster, and probably set net fisheries. It is likely that most captured sharks survive to be returned to the water alive, as this species can tolerate being out of water for an extended period of time. From 1988 to 1991, there was a New Zealand shark liver fishery and reported catches of draughtsboard sharks were 74–540 tons per year. After the fishery was discontinued, catches dropped to under five tons per year.
Conservation status.
The New Zealand Department of Conservation has classified the draughtsboard shark as "Not Threatened" under the New Zealand Threat Classification System. Because its population seems healthy and free from significant threats, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed this species as of Least Concern.

</doc>
<doc id="6978304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978304" title="The Marshals Are Dead">
The Marshals Are Dead



</doc>
<doc id="6978310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978310" title="Cephaloscyllium isabellum">
Cephaloscyllium isabellum



</doc>
<doc id="6978313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978313" title="TR-1 Dragon Lady">
TR-1 Dragon Lady



</doc>
<doc id="6978318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978318" title="Pisz County">
Pisz County

Pisz County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland. It came into being on 1 January 1999 as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Pisz, which lies east of the regional capital Olsztyn. The county contains three other towns: Orzysz, north-east of Pisz, Ruciane-Nida, west of Pisz, and Biała Piska, east of Pisz.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 57,553, out of which the population of Pisz is 19,332, that of Orzysz is 5,804, that of Ruciane-Nida is 4,894, that of Biała Piska is 4,006, and the rural population is 23,517.
Neighbouring counties.
Pisz County is bordered by Giżycko County to the north, Ełk County and Grajewo County to the east, Kolno County and Ostrołęka County to the south, Szczytno County to the west, and Mrągowo County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into four gminas (all urban-rural, centred on the four towns). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6978319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978319" title="Powiat of Pisz">
Powiat of Pisz



</doc>
<doc id="6978322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978322" title="Repetitive Stress Disorder">
Repetitive Stress Disorder



</doc>
<doc id="6978329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978329" title="Nevada Desert Experience">
Nevada Desert Experience

Nevada Desert Experience is a name for the movement to stop U.S. nuclear weapons testing that came into use in the middle 1980s. It is also the name of an anti-nuclear organization which continues to create public events to question the morality and intelligence of the U.S. nuclear weapons program, with a main focus on the United States Department of Energy's (DOE) Nevada National Security Site (formerly called the Nevada Test Site or the Nevada Proving Ground).
History.
In the spring of 1982, activists working for social justice, environmental preservation, and international peace organized a six-week peace vigil at the entrance to the Nevada Test Site, about 60 miles (100 km) from Las Vegas, Nevada. In 1983, they repeated the vigil, calling it the Lenten Desert Experience. This anarchist group of Christian organizers decided that the program had been successful enough to start an organization, which has been a conscientiously interfaith aspect of the nuclear weapons abolition movement. They named it Nevada Desert Experience, or NDE, because of the work within the prayer-actions for peace that included learning to appreciate the Mojave and the Great Basin Deserts of North America. Organizers (primarily ethnically non-Indigenous) believed that appreciation of the beauty and power of the natural environment, coupled with a universal code of ethics (the Golden Rule) organically leads humans to make a stand for peace and environmental justice. In 1989, NDE organizers founded Pace e Bene to amplify the movement for peacemaking beyond the aspect of a global existential threat of nuclear weapons. The first ten years of NDE were the most synergistic and spiritually revolutionary for North American Peace Activists. In the early 21st century, the annual events of NevadaDesertExperience.org leaned more on "desert spirituality" (less Christocentric as in the 20th century) and expanded to resist robotic (weaponized drones) warfare.
Aims.
The movement's immediate goal of ending nuclear testing at the Nevada Test Site was met in 1992, when President George H. W. Bush signed a moratorium on underground nuclear weapons tests. The abolition movement, led by NDE and the Western Shoshone-based Shundahai Network were sparked back into action with the renewal of non-nuclear (yet still radioactive) explosions at the Nevada Test Site in 1997. These "subcritical" bombs use fissile materials which do not reach the self-sustaining chain reaction of a typical nuclear bomb. The bombs are designed by Los Alamos National Laboratory and Lawrence Livermore Laboratory, whereby the data collected can be fed to computers to simulate full-scale nuclear explosions for the US National Security Agency (NSA) and DOE. Their explosive yield is low, and small amounts of radiation may be released. Because each sub-critical experiment costs roughly and much time from the humans working within the nuclear weapons management industry, the tests indicate a strong continued U.S. Government interest in favor of nuclear weapons. As a spiritually active movement, NDE seeks peace and nonviolence. The founders of NDE sought to use the activist tactics of Jesus Christ and quickly expanded ecumenically and inter-faithfully. Therefore, NDE continues to work for deep ecological sensitivities and social peacemaking, with one goal being to clean up and contain the contamination created by nearly 80 years of nuclear testing in Nevada and Western Shoshone country.
Protests in Nye County.
From 1986 through 1994, two years after the United States put a hold on full-scale nuclear weapons testing, 536 demonstrations were held at the Nevada Test Site involving 37,488 participants and 15,740 arrests, according to government records. In the fall of 1986, the Peace Caucus of the American Public Health Association (APHA) organized a protest at the site with over 500 APHA members participating. Over 100 APHA members, along with Carl Sagan, Victor R. Sidel and H. Jack Geiger, were arrested. In January, 1987, the actor Martin Sheen and 71 other anti-nuclear protesters were arrested at the Nevada Test Site in a demonstration marking the 36th anniversary of the first nuclear test there.
On February 5, 1987, more than 400 people were arrested, when they tried to enter the nation's nuclear proving grounds after nearly 2,000 demonstrators held a rally to protest nuclear weapons testing. Those arrested included the astronomer Carl Sagan, privacy advocate Phil Zimmermann, and the actors Kris Kristofferson, Martin Sheen, and Robert Blake. Five Democratic members of Congress attended the rally: Thomas J. Downey, Mike Lowry, Jim Bates, Leon E. Panetta and Barbara Boxer. In April 2007 Martin Sheen among others was arrested.
Protests in Clark County against weaponized drones at Creech Air Force Base.
In protest over UAV attacks in Pakistan and the perceived extremely high danger of harming civilians, in an event sponsored by Nevada Desert Experience, Friar Louis Vitale, Kathy Kelly, Stephen Kelly SJ, John Dear, and others were arrested outside Creech Air Force Base (adjacent to the Nevada National Security Site) on Wednesday April 9, 2009. Subsequent monthly protests have been ongoing and conducted by a number of organizations including Code Pink.
References.
"Pilgrimage Through a Burning World", by Ken Butigan, Chronicles and discusses the political and religious aspects of the nonviolent protest against nuclear testing called the Nevada Desert Experience. 2003, 256 pp., paper.

</doc>
<doc id="6978336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978336" title="Odawara, Japan">
Odawara, Japan



</doc>
<doc id="6978344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978344" title="Battle of Domyoji">
Battle of Domyoji



</doc>
<doc id="6978346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978346" title="Ełk County">
Ełk County

Ełk County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in the Warmian–Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland. It came into being on 1 January 1999 as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is Ełk, which lies east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019, Ełk County's total population was 91,446, with the town of Ełk having a population of 62,006.
Neighbouring counties.
Ełk County is bordered by Olecko County to the north, Suwałki County to the north-east, Augustów County to the east, Grajewo County to the south, and Pisz County and Giżycko County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (one urban and four rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="6978349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978349" title="Powiat of Ełk">
Powiat of Ełk



</doc>
<doc id="6978355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978355" title="Hear Me">
Hear Me

Hear Me may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6978359" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978359" title="Gerrit Kersten">
Gerrit Kersten



</doc>
<doc id="6978365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978365" title="Nahj al-Balagah">
Nahj al-Balagah



</doc>
<doc id="6978373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978373" title="List of elected members of the UN Security Council">
List of elected members of the UN Security Council



</doc>
<doc id="6978390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978390" title="Korean Decimal Classification">
Korean Decimal Classification

The Korean Decimal Classification (KDC) is a system of library classification used in South Korea. The structure and main level classes of the KDC are based on the Dewey Decimal Classification. The KDC is maintained and published by the Classification Committee of the Korean Library Association. The first edition of the classification was published in 1964; the most recent edition is the sixth edition published in 2013. Almost all school and public libraries in South Korea use the KDC to organize their collections, as well as the National Library of Korea and some university libraries.
History.
Multiple library classification systems had been developed for Korean libraries before the publication of the KDC. These included the Railway Bureau Library Classification(1920), the Korean Decimal Classification edited by Bong-Suk Park(known as KDCP, 1947), the Han-Un Decimal Classification(1954), and the Kuk-Yeon Decimal Classification(1958). After the disappearance of editor Bong-Suk Park in the 1950s, the KDCP system decreased in use. Korean librarians considered adopting the Dewey Decimal Classification (DDC), especially after it was implemented at Yonsei University in 1957, but struggled to apply it to East Asian and Korean-focused works in their collections.
In February 1963, members of the Korean Library Association's Classification were appointed to create a national classification; they decided to make revisions to the order of the main classes of the DDC, for example bringing together the class Language(700) together with the class for Literature(800).
Committee members prepared draft classes and indexes and the first edition of the KDC was published in May 1964. Both the text and the index were written in Korean Hangul characters and Chinese characters.
The second edition was published just two years later, in 1966, correcting errors and omissions found in the first edition.
The third edition was published in 1980, maintaining the basic framework of the previous editions while expanding significantly.
The fourth edition, published in 1996, made considerable changes, including increasing the number of representatives on the Classification Committee. The committee sought feedback from the library community and implemented revisions included in the recently published edition 20 of the DDC and edition 9 of the Nippon Decimal Classification. New policies applied to the fourth edition included principles suggesting the main classes should remain as static as possible, with focus shown to expanding classes devoted to technology and science. Likewise, many subject specialists were consulted for the publication of the fifth edition in 2009. The publication of the 23rd edition of the DDC in 2011 provided opportunity for a new revision of the KDC, and the sixth edition was published in July 2013. Greater numbers of classes provided number building capacity in the sixth edition, allowing for more specificity.
Description.
The KDC classifies resources primarily by discipline, though some classes are collocated by subject. There are eight auxiliary mnemonic tables used to expand class numbers.
The main classes of the KDC are the same as the main classes of the Dewey Decimal Classification, but four of those main classes are in a different order: Natural sciences (400), Technology and engineering (500), Arts (600), and Language 700. Though the structure is heavily influenced by the DDC, aspects of multiple library classifications have been invoked in the creation of the KDC, including the Library of Congress Classification for the arrangement of the social sciences (300), the Universal Decimal Classification for medical sciences (510), the KDCP for Korean and Oriental subjects, the Nippon Decimal Classification for those of Japan and Oriental subjects.
Usage.
KDC is used by a wide range of libraries within Korea, including by the National Library of Korea and most school and public libraries in the country, along with some university libraries, such as the one at Keimyung University.

</doc>
<doc id="6978395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978395" title="Tienamen Square">
Tienamen Square



</doc>
<doc id="6978396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978396" title="Lidzbark County">
Lidzbark County

Lidzbark County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland. Its administrative seat and largest town is Lidzbark Warmiński, which lies north of the regional capital Olsztyn. The only other town in the county is Orneta, lying west of Lidzbark Warmiński.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 43,006, out of which the population of Lidzbark Warmiński is 16,390, that of Orneta is 9,380, and the rural population is 17,236.
History.
Lidzbark County came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998.
Neighbouring counties.
Lidzbark County is bordered by Bartoszyce County to the north-east, Olsztyn County to the south, Ostróda County to the south-west, and Elbląg County and Braniewo County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (one urban, one urban-rural and three rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6978398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978398" title="Powiat of Lidzbark">
Powiat of Lidzbark



</doc>
<doc id="6978399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978399" title="Lidzbark Warmiński County">
Lidzbark Warmiński County



</doc>
<doc id="6978401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978401" title="Powiat of Lidzbark Warmiński">
Powiat of Lidzbark Warmiński



</doc>
<doc id="6978402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978402" title="Suzuki APV">
Suzuki APV

The Suzuki APV is a minivan/light commercial vehicle designed by Suzuki in Japan and manufactured in Indonesia by Suzuki Indomobil Motor. The abbreviation "APV" is short for "All Purpose Vehicle". It is powered by either 1.5 liter or 1.6 liter inline-four G series engine delivering .
The pickup truck version is called Suzuki Mega Carry in Indonesia, Super Carry Pro in Vietnam and APV Pickup elsewhere. It was discontinued in February 2019 in favour of the international version of the Carry 1.5.
The APV was exported from Indonesia in April 2005 to more than 100 countries in Southeast Asia, Latin America, the Caribbean, Middle East, South Asia, North Africa and Oceania. Suzuki invested JP¥ 11.5 billion to produce a targeted 70,000 units per year in Indonesia.
Models.
APV.
The original APV was launched in September 2004, initially it was available in three trim levels: A, L and X. It is still currently available in three trim levels with standard equipment as Blind Van, GA and GE. The car is only offered with 5-speed manual transmission, live axle rear suspension with leaf springs, 14" steel wheels and black colored interior.
APV Arena.
In November 2007, Suzuki released the facelifted version in Indonesia named APV Arena (APV Type II in some countries). It offers more luxurious features with the SGX trim as the top-of-the-line variant (available with captain seat version). Interior is also changed as well and an improvement in engine performance. Available in three trim levels: GL, GX and SGX. Available in either 5-speed manual or 4-speed automatic transmission, live axle rear suspension with 3-link suspension plus coil springs, 15" alloy wheels and beige coloured interior.
APV Arena Luxury.
The Luxury variant of the APV Arena was launched in March 2009. It is based on the Arena SGX trim with several exterior makeover. It received a facelift in September 2014 with redesigned grille, bumpers and bigger 17" alloy wheels. Available in either 5-speed manual or 4-speed automatic transmission.
Mega Carry.
The pickup truck version of the original APV was launched in April 2005 for international market. It became available for its home market in Indonesia in February 2011 as the Mega Carry and was marketed alongside the smaller Carry. The truck is offered in three variants: Standard short deck, Xtra long deck and special order Box model. It is only offered with 5-speed manual transmission. The Carry, Mega Carry, and Carry Futura sales were discontinued in February 2019 and replaced by Carry 1.5.
Mitsubishi Maven.
The APV was also sold by Mitsubishi Motors in Indonesia from 2005 until 2009 as the Mitsubishi Maven. It features minor exterior cosmetic changes, and was also built by Suzuki Indomobil Motor at their production plant.
It was available in two trim levels, GLX and GLS; both powered by a 1468 cc "4G15" SOHC four-cylinder petrol engine that produces at 5,750 rpm and of torque at 2,750 rpm. The engine was supplied by Mitsubishi's Indonesian engine production partner, PT Mitsubishi Krama Yudha Motors and Manufacturing. The engine was also used in the Colt T120SS, which in turn is a rebadged Carry Futura.
Safety.
From early 2017 onwards, the APV models in Indonesia were equipped with dual airbags. This feature is available as standard safety equipment in selected markets, but it still lacks ABS. For the Mega Carry version, it is only available with three-point seat belts.

</doc>
<doc id="6978403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978403" title="Toyah! Toyah! Toyah!">
Toyah! Toyah! Toyah!

Toyah! Toyah! Toyah! is a live album by the English new wave band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox, released in 1980 by Safari Records.
Background.
The album was recorded on 17 June 1980 at the Lafayette Club in Wolverhampton, using the Rolling Stones Mobile Studio. The concert was also filmed by ATV as part of a TV documentary about the band and its eponymous singer. It aired on 18 December 1980. A live version of "Danced" was released as a single at the end of 1980 to promote the album. "Toyah! Toyah! Toyah!" reached number 22 on the UK Albums Chart and number 3 on the UK Independent Albums Chart, and was subsequently certified silver in the UK in 1981 for selling more than 60,000 copies.
The album saw its first CD release in 1990 on the Great Expectations label. A new remastered version was released on 30 October 2006 via Cherry Red Records. This expanded edition features extra live tracks from 1980 and from the 1982 "The Changeling" tour. The latter tracks include those cut from the abridged CD release of "" – albeit taken from a different concert of the same tour. Six of the eight bonus tracks are previously unreleased. The new edition includes an introductory note from Toyah Willcox and a sleevenote by her archivist Craig Astley, in addition to rare live photographs. In May 2022, the album was re-released by Cherry Red Records, adding four live tracks previously cut from the album, and a DVD with the 1980 ATV documentary.

</doc>
<doc id="6978404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978404" title="Chick-O-Stick">
Chick-O-Stick

Chick-O-Stick is a candy produced by the Atkinson Candy Company that has been manufactured since the 1950s. It is made primarily from peanut butter, cane sugar, corn syrup, toasted coconut, natural vanilla flavor, and salt with no hydrogenated oils or artificial preservatives added. There is also a sugar-free version of the candy which uses Splenda as a sweetener.
Chick-O-Stick is currently produced as a naturally-colored stick of varying length and thickness, dusted with ground coconut. The interior of the stick is honeycombed with peanut butter and a hardened syrup/sugar mixture that also forms the shell. When eaten fresh, the candy is dry and brittle, but it has a tendency to absorb moisture and become hard and chewy if left in the open air for an extended period.
Formerly the color of Chick-O-Stick candy was a rather bright-orange color produced by artificial red and blue coloring ingredients, however, in 2019, Atkinson announced that the Chick-O-Stick recipe would be simplified to utilize vegetable juice and turmeric root for the new, natural light-brown color of the candy, and to replace artificial preservatives and hydrogenated oils with healthier alternatives.
Chick-O-Stick is available in , , , and sizes, as well as bags of individually wrapped bite-sized pieces. The size of the largest variant has been reduced by 20% since 2022, when it was , according to the history of this document. 
Chick-O-Sticks are Kosher, gluten-free, and "vegan friendly" and are one of the few full-size products that Atkinson Candy Company makes. Most other products made by this company come only in individually-wrapped bite size or Halloween size portions.
Packaging and name.
Chick-O-Stick's original wrapper design featured a stylized cartoon of a chicken wearing a cowboy hat and a badge in the shape of the Atkinson logo. The chicken is absent from the more recent wrapper; some commentators have indicated that it contributed to confusion over whether the Chick-O-Stick was candy or a chicken-flavored cracker. The Atkinson Candy Company's website states that one of their sales representatives just "came up with the name one day, and well, it just stuck." The company had once written in correspondence that they felt the Chick-O-Stick resembled "fried chicken" and that contributed to the name.

</doc>
<doc id="6978409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978409" title="Kajol Devgan">
Kajol Devgan



</doc>
<doc id="6978412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978412" title="Elaine Feinstein">
Elaine Feinstein

Elaine Feinstein FRSL (born Elaine Cooklin; 24 October 1930 – 23 September 2019) was an English poet, novelist, short-story writer, playwright, biographer and translator. She joined the Council of the Royal Society of Literature in 2007.
Early life.
Born in Bootle, Lancashire, England, Feinstein grew up in Leicester. Her father had left school at 12 and had little time for books, but he was a great storyteller. He ran a small factory making wooden furniture through the 1930s. She wrote, "An inner certainty of being loved and valued went a long way to create my own sense of resilience in later years spent in a world that felt altogether alien. I never altogether lost my childhood sense of being fortunate."
Feinstein was sent to Wyggeston Grammar School for Girls by her mother, "a school as good as Leicester could provide". She wrote poems from the age of eight, which were published in the school magazine. At the end of the war Feinstein's sense of childhood security was shattered by the revelations of the Nazi extermination camps. She noted, "In that year I became Jewish for the first time." A recent critic commented: "Alive to her family origins in the Russian-Jewish diaspora, she developed a close affinity with the Russian poets of this and the last century."
Feinstein excelled at school work from then on. After Newnham College, Cambridge, she read for the bar, worked at Hockerill Training College, and then as a university lecturer at the University of Essex (1967–1970), appointed by Donald Davie.
Literary career.
Feinstein married and had three sons with her husband, Arnold Feinstein. As she resumed writing she "came to life again", keeping journals, enjoying the process of reading and writing poetry, composing pieces to help her make sense of experience. She commented that she wanted "plain propositions, lines that came singing out of poems with a perfection of phrasing like lines of music." She was inspired by the poetry of Marina Tsvetaeva to translate some of her poetry. These poems were published by Oxford University Press and Penguin Books in 1971. She received three translation awards from the Arts Council.
After 1980, when she was made a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature, she became a full-time writer. In 1990, she received a Cholmondeley Award for Poetry and an Honorary D.Litt. from the University of Leicester. She visited Russia occasionally to research her books and visit friends, who included Yevgeny Yevtushenko. Her writings included 14 novels, many radio plays, television dramas, and five biographies, including "A Captive Lion: the Life of Marina Tsvetaeva" (1987) and "Pushkin" (1998). "Ted Hughes: The Life of a Poet" (2001) was shortlisted for the biennial Marsh Biography Prize. Her biography of Anna Akhmatova, "Anna of all the Russias", appeared in 2005 and was translated into twelve European languages, including Russian.
Her first novel, "The Circle" (1970), written under Tsvetayeva's influence, is "a study of a marriage, mostly through the wife's mind." Several novels concern her Jewish roots: "The Survivors" (1982), spans the generations before and after the Holocaust, while "The Border" (1984) tells of an old woman in Sydney and her "painful, mysterious... escape from Vienna with her husband in 1939".
Feinstein's poetry was influenced by Black Mountain poets, and by Objectivists. In 1959, she wrote to Charles Olson to request permission to publish his work in her magazine "Prospect", becoming the first of a group of poets associated with "The English Intelligencer" to make contact with him. Olson's reply, on "breath prosody" and the development of his poetics since the publication of his essay "Projective Verse", has since been widely anthologised. Feinstein later became a conduit between the Cambridge poets and the Black Mountain poets.
Feinstein travelled extensively, to read her work at festivals abroad, and as Writer in Residence for the British Council, first in Singapore, and then in Tromsø, Norway. She was a Rockefeller Foundation Fellow at Bellagio in 1998; her poems were widely anthologised. Her "Collected Poems and Translations" (2002) was a Poetry Book Society Special Commendation, and she was appointed to the Council of the Royal Society of Literature in 2007. She served as a judge for the Gregory Awards, the Independent Foreign Fiction Award, the Costa Poetry Prize and the Rossica Award for Literature translated from Russian, and in 1995 was chairman of the judges for the T. S. Eliot Prize. Feinstein participated in the 22nd Aldeburgh Poetry Festival in November 2010 and continued to give readings in various countries.
Recently asked in an interview with Alma Books what three books she would save if her house were on fire, she replied, "I'd take my iPad."
Death.
Elaine Feinstein died of cancer in London on 23 September 2019, aged 88. She was survived by her three sons and six grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="6978413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978413" title="Freddie Miller (boxer)">
Freddie Miller (boxer)

Freddie Miller (April 3, 1911 – May 8, 1962) was an American boxer from Cincinnati, Ohio, who won over 200 fights and held the NBA world featherweight championship from 1933 to 1936. He was named in "Ring" magazine's list of the 80 Best Fighters of the Last 80 Years.
Early life and career.
Miller was born on April 3, 1911, in Cincinnati, Ohio. He would become known as a quick, and clever boxer with excellent ringcraft, and his southpaw stance would give him a difficult style to defend.
In one of his earlier fights against a future contender, Miller faced Phil Zwick on November 28, 1936, beating him by a fourth-round knockout on January 26, 1931, in Wheeling, West Virginia. Zwick would contend for the world featherweight title in 1941.
Miller fought Tommy Paul three times in 1931. In the first two fights, Miller beat Paul by decision in Cincinnati. In the third, Paul beat Miller by a unanimous decision in Buffalo, New York.
NBA world featherweight title bouts against Battling Battalino.
On July 23, 1931, Miller had his first title shot for the National Boxing Association (NBA) World featherweight title, against Battling Battalino. Miller would go on to lose the match by a ten-round unanimous decision in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Miller went on to face Battalino on January 27, 1932, in Cincinnati for the NBA World Featherweight Title before a small crowd of 2,000 in what was one of the most peculiar fights of his career. The defending champion, Battalino, came in three pounds overweight and did not put up a good fight. Battalino went down in the third round from what the referee, Lou Bauman, and many in the crowd, considered a harmless right to the chin. Some in the crowd suspected a "fix". When Battalino arose, Miller put him down again. The referee stopped the fight and declared Miller the winner. The National Boxing Association and the New York State Athletic Commission, however, overruled the referee and declared the bout a "no contest." Having declared the bout a no contest, the title become vacant. Battalino was fined $5,000, and would later be stripped of his title by the NYSAC, taking effect on March 1, 1932. To end any confusion about his championship status, Battalino voluntarily relinquished the title by March and moved up a weightclass to fight at the lightweight limit.
NBA world feather champion.
On January 13, 1933, Miller fought Tommy Paul for the fourth time. Miller defeated Paul in a ten-round unanimous decision at Chicago Stadium, taking the National Boxing Association World featherweight title. In an exceptionally long reign as champion, Miller fought thirteen times in the next three years before finally losing the title to Petey Sarron on March 2, 1936. Miller successfully defended his title 12 times. He defeated Baby Arizmendi, Abie Israel in a rematch, Jackie Sharkey, Paul Dazzo, Nel Tarleton, Jose Girones, Nel Tarleton a second time, Vernon Cormier, Johnny Pena, Gene Espinosa, and Petey Sarron.
Defenses of the world feather title.
While still holding the NBA world featherweight title, Miller met Baby Arizmendi, reigning California State World Featherweight champion on January 28, 1933. Miller won the ten-round match by decision at Los Angeles's Olympic Auditorium, retaining the NBA world featherweight title, and gaining the California State world featherweight title.
On March 21, 1933, Miller defeated Filipino Speedy Dado, California bantamweight champion, for the NBA world featherweight title in a ten-round points decision at Olympic Stadium in Los Angeles. Miller won seven of the ten rounds, and had Dado on the floor for a six count from a strong right to the head in the second round. Dado took only rounds three and seven.
Defending the NBA world featherweight title on July 11, 1933, Miller defeated Abie Israel in a fourth-round knockout before 7000 fans at the Civic Ice Arena in Seattle.
In an NBA world featherweight championship on January 1, 1934, Miller defeated Jackie Sharkey at Cincinnati's Music Hall Arena in a ten-round unanimous decision. Miller took his victory by a wide margin; he put Sharkey to the canvas for a count of seven with a right and left to the jaw in the second, and again for a count of seven using a left to the jaw in the tenth. Sharkey appeared to win on points only in two rounds, the fourth and the seventh.
In an NBA world featherweight title, Paul Dazzo was knocked out by Miller, 1:20 into the sixth round, at the Jefferson County Armory in Louisville, Kentucky on May 4, 1934. On the eve of the Kentucky Derby, the bout was the first world title held in the Blue Grass state since 1934. Taking an edge from the start, Dazzo was credited with the second, third, fourth, and fifth, with Dazzo holding even in the first.
Boxing in Europe.
Miller went on a boxing tour of England, Wales, Scotland, Spain, France, Belgium, and Ireland, boxing in all but Scotland and Wales, including the capitals of Brussels, Belgium and Dublin, Ireland. He fought Josep Gironès twice in Barcelona, Spain on December 1, 1934, and on February 17, 1935, taking the first by a disqualification. In their second meeting, an NBA world featherweight title fight, he knocked out Josep in the first of fifteen rounds.
Miller fought the legendary reigning world bantamweight champion Panama Al Brown on December 24, 1934, in Paris, winning in a non-title ten round points decision.
In Liverpool, England, on June 12, 1935, Miller defeated Ned Tarleton, European and British featherweight champion, for the NBA world featherweight title in a fifteen-round points decision. In an easy victory, Miller floored Tarleton for a count of six in the first round, and in the official scoring won all but two rounds.
On July 12, 1935, the Cincinnati featherweight champ defeated Stan Jehu in Dublin, Ireland in a fourth-round decision.
Return to America.
In his first NBA world featherweight title defense since returning from Europe, Miller met Vernon Cormier at Boston Garden on October 22, 1935, before a modest depression crowd of 4,300. Miller was credited with all but the tenth and thirteenth rounds which were taken by Cormier. There were no knockdowns in the fight, nor was either boxer staggered, and each studied technique in the long match.
In an NBA world featherweight championship on February 18, 1936, in Seattle, Miller defeated Johnny Pena in a twelfth round unanimous decision. In a decisive victory, ringside reporters credited Miller with every round in the match. He landed the only knockdown of the bout, sending Pena to the canvas for a count of nine in the eleventh. Pena had taken a previous decision over Miller in Oakland.
In one of his last defenses of the NBA world featherweight title, Miller defeated Petey Sarron, future featherweight champion, in a fifteen-round points decision in Coral Cables, Florida, on March 2, 1936. In a controversial decision, two of the six rounds given to Miller were due to Sarron fouls, which included calls for low blows in the ninth, eleventh, and twelfth rounds. In a close bout, the referee gave three rounds to Sarron, six to Miller, and called three even. If not for the low blow calls, Sarron would have taken five rounds.
NBA world feather title loss, May, 1936.
On May 11, 1936, he finally lost to Sarron for the NBA world featherweight title in a fifteen-round mixed decision at Griffith Stadium in Washington D.C. One judge ruled the bout a draw, but the other judge and referee ruled for Sarron. It was Miller's twelfth title fight since taking the title in January 1933 from Tommy Paul.
Late career fights.
In his fifth bout with Tommy Paul, Miller lost by disqualification at Los Angeles's Olympic Auditorium on June 19, 1934. A low blow in the second of ten rounds dislocated Paul's hip. In the sixth and last fight between them on August 3, 1934, Miller won by a ten-round points decision at Los Angeles's Legion Stadium.
Miller knocked out Phil Zwick in a match in Johannesburg, South Africa on November 28, 1936. Miller cut Zwick on the head with an accidental head butt.
He had a final rematch with Petey Sarron in a twelve-round points decision on September 4, 1937, for the National Boxing Association World featherweight title in Johannesburg, South Africa. In a slashing fight, Miller was dropped twice by Sarron, in what the Associated Press deemed "a decisive victory".
The aging ex-featherweight champion had one last title shot of his career against Leo Rodak for the Maryland State Version of the World Featherweight Title, but lost the fight by decision on October 24, 1938. The first six rounds were slow, but in the closing rounds, Rodak hammered Miller with rights and lefts to the face and body.
In his last big fight of his career Miller lost to Sammy Angott.
Records.
Miller fought Tommy Paul six times, the most of any boxer he faced. Miller's record against Tommy was 4–2–0.
Life after boxing.
Miller was married in 1931 to his wife, the former Louise Somhorst.
From 1954 to 1962 Miller worked for a field engineering crew at Hamilton County Courthouse near Cincinnati. He was one of the few boxers of the depression era who was believed to have invested his boxing earnings wisely. He died at only 51 in the early morning of May 8, 1962, of a heart attack at Cincinnati's Good Samaritan Hospital, after having been observed for several weeks for heart problems. He left his wife of 31 years, Louise, a daughter, and two grandchildren.
He was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 1997.
Professional boxing record.
All information in this section is derived from BoxRec, unless otherwise stated.
Official record.
All newspaper decisions are officially regarded as "no decision" bouts and are not counted in the win/loss/draw column.
Unofficial record.
Record with the inclusion of newspaper decisions in the win/loss/draw column.

</doc>
<doc id="6978417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978417" title="Dental Assistant">
Dental Assistant



</doc>
<doc id="6978420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978420" title="List of Barbadian organisations">
List of Barbadian organisations

This is a list of international and local organisations based in Barbados.

</doc>
<doc id="6978425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978425" title="Australian swellshark">
Australian swellshark

The Australian swellshark (Cephaloscyllium laticeps) or draughtboard shark, is a species of catshark, and part of the family Scyliorhinidae, endemic to southern Australia. This bottom-dwelling species can be found on the continental shelf down to a depth of . Usually measuring long, it is a stout-bodied, broad-headed shark with a short tail and a first dorsal fin much larger than the second. It can be identified by its variegated dorsal coloration of brown or grey patches and numerous spots.
Australian swellsharks are sedentary and mainly nocturnal, with most individuals remaining within the same local area throughout the year. It feeds on small crustaceans, cephalopods, and fish. When threatened, it responds by rapidly taking in water or air to inflate its body, hence the name "swellshark". This shark is oviparous and females lay pairs of distinctively ridged egg capsules at 20- to 30-day intervals. The eggs hatch after 11–12 months. Harmless and of little commercial interest, many Australian swellsharks are caught incidentally in gillnets and bottom trawls but usually survive to be released because of their extreme hardiness. As a result, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed this species as of Least Concern.
Taxonomy.
The first scientific description of the Australian swellshark, as "Scyllium laticeps", was published in 1853 by French zoologist Auguste Duméril, in the scientific journal "Revue et Magasin de Zoologie". The type specimen was a male caught off Tasmania. The specific epithet "laticeps" is derived from the Latin "latus", meaning "broad", with the suffix "ceps", meaning "head". Other common names for this species include flopguts (a reference to its ability to inflate), Isabell's swell shark, nutcracker shark, rock shark, sleepy Joe, and spotted swellshark. This species is almost identical to the draughtsboard shark ("C. isabellum") of New Zealand; the two species differ in coloration and the form of their egg cases (ridged in "C. laticeps" versus smooth in "C. isabellum").
Description.
The Australian swellshark has a stocky, rounded body that tapers significantly to the short caudal peduncle. The head comprises no more than a fifth of the total length and is broad and moderately flattened, with a very short, thick, blunt snout. The nostrils are divided into small incurrent and excurrent openings by short, triangular flaps of skin that do not reach the mouth. The mouth is extremely large, without furrows at the corners. The teeth are numerous and small with multiple cusps; the upper teeth are exposed when the mouth is closed. The large, oval eyes are placed somewhat on the upper surface of the head, and have rudimentary nictitating membranes (protective third eyelids) and ridges underneath.
There are two dorsal fins, the first much larger than the second. The first dorsal originates over the forward half of the pelvic fin bases, while the second is located over the anal fin. The pectoral fins are large and broad, and the anal fin is larger than the second dorsal fin. The short and broad caudal fin has an indistinct lower lobe and a prominent ventral notch near the tip of the upper lobe. The skin is thick and covered by well-calcified, arrowhead-shaped dermal denticles, which are more sparse in young sharks. The back and sides are light grey to brown, with an irregular pattern of close-set darker saddles and blotches along with many dark (sometimes light) spots, and a dark stripe from under the eye to the pectoral fin origins. The fins do not have sharply lighter margins. The underside is cream-coloured, with some mottling on the fins and often a dark stripe running down the middle in adults. The maximum known length is , though few exceed .
Distribution and habitat.
The Australian swellshark inhabits the continental shelf of southern Australia, from the Recherche Archipelago off Western Australia to Jervis Bay in New South Wales, including Tasmania. It is commonly found on or near the bottom amongst rocky reefs or seaweed beds, from close to shore to a depth of .
Biology and ecology.
The most abundant catshark species in the coastal waters of southern Australia, the Australian swellshark is a generally sluggish swimmer that is more active at night. During the day, it is often found resting singly or in groups under ledges or inside caves. Tracking studies have shown that some individuals are continuously active for months at a time, while others alternate activity with periods of stationary rest lasting up to five days. Most Australian swellsharks present within a given region tend to remain there year-round, frequenting established feeding areas or preferred habitats. On the other hand, a minority of sharks have been recorded covering distances of up to . This extremely hardy species can survive for more than a day out of water.
One of the higher-level predators within its ecosystem, the Australian swellshark feeds on crustaceans (particularly crabs and rock lobsters), cephalopods (including squid and octopus), and small fishes. Even large-sized prey tends to be swallowed whole; the long periods of rest exhibited by some sharks may relate to digestion. Like the other members of its genus, this shark is capable of rapidly inflating its body by taking water or air into its stomach, as a defense against predators. These include larger fishes, such as the broadnose sevengill shark ("Notorynchus cepedianus"), and marine mammals. By inflating, the shark may be able to wedge itself inside crevices, make itself harder to swallow, or simply intimidate a would-be predator. Marine snails are known to prey upon this shark's eggs. The Australian swellshark serves as a host to a number of parasite species, but these are poorly documented.
Life history.
The Australian swellshark is oviparous. Males have larger teeth than females, with which to bite and hold onto them for copulation. Whether there is a specific mating season is uncertain, though in terms of sperm production males are capable of breeding year-round. Females have a single functional ovary and two oviducts, ovulating a single egg into each at a time. They can store sperm for at least 15 months. Females produce eggs throughout the year, laying them in pairs approximately once every 20 days from January to June, and once every 30 days the rest of the year. The second egg in a pair is deposited 12–24 hours after the first.
The pale, flask-shaped egg capsules measure long and across, and bear 19–27 crosswise ridges. There are long, curling tendrils at the four corners, which allow the female to attach the capsule to seaweed or other bottom structures. In captivity, the embryo develops external gills at two months old, which are retained until it is five months old, at which time the internal gills take over and the first pigmentation appears. At six months, embryonic growth accelerates and the yolk sac begins to shrink, disappearing by nine to ten months of age. Hatching usually occurs at eleven to twelve months; the newly emerged young are miniature versions of the adults measuring long. Males mature sexually at a length of , and females at .
Human interactions.
The Australian swellshark is harmless to humans and seldom utilised, though recently in parts of Tasmania some have begun to be marketed as a source of "flake". It is regarded as a nuisance by lobster fishers due to its habit of entering traps to eat the contents. Every year, substantial numbers of Australian swellsharks are caught as bycatch in the southeast Australian shark gillnet fishery, and more in bottom trawls and on longlines. These animals are usually released, and likely suffer minimal mortality due to their resilience. Since this species at present faces little risk from fisheries, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has listed it under Least Concern. Although commercial fisheries reported drops in Australian swellshark catches from 1973 to 1976 and 1998 to 2001, these appeared to have resulted from changing fishing habits rather than actual population declines. Nevertheless, as a precaution the government of Tasmania has instituted a possession limit of two sharks per person or five sharks per boat per day.

</doc>
<doc id="6978426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978426" title="Oscar Shales">
Oscar Shales



</doc>
<doc id="6978430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978430" title="Cephaloscyllium laticeps">
Cephaloscyllium laticeps



</doc>
<doc id="6978433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978433" title="Elbląg County">
Elbląg County

Elbląg County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the city of Elbląg, although the city is not part of the county (it constitutes a separate city county). The county contains three towns: Pasłęk, east of Elbląg, Tolkmicko, north of Elbląg, and Młynary, north-east of Elbląg.
The county covers an area of . In 2019, its total population was 57,395, of which the population of Pasłęk was 12,160, that of Tolkmicko was 2,689, that of Młynary was 1,772, and the rural population was 40,774.
Neighbouring counties.
Apart from the city of Elbląg, Elbląg County is also bordered by Braniewo County to the north-east, Lidzbark County to the east, Ostróda County to the south-east, Sztum County to the south-west, Malbork County and Nowy Dwór Gdański County to the west and the Vistula Lagoon to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into nine gminas (three urban-rural and six rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="6978434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978434" title="Powiat of Elbląg">
Powiat of Elbląg



</doc>
<doc id="6978435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978435" title="Elblag County">
Elblag County



</doc>
<doc id="6978438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978438" title="Log raft">
Log raft



</doc>
<doc id="6978441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978441" title="Battle of Groix Island">
Battle of Groix Island



</doc>
<doc id="6978445" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978445" title="Olsztyn County">
Olsztyn County

Olsztyn County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the city of Olsztyn, although the city is not part of the county (it constitutes a separate city county). The county contains five towns: Dobre Miasto, north of Olsztyn, Biskupiec, east of Olsztyn, Olsztynek, south-west of Olsztyn, Barczewo, north-east of Olsztyn, and Jeziorany, north-east of Olsztyn.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 113,529, out of which the population of Dobre Miasto is 10,489, that of Biskupiec is 10,348, that of Olsztynek is 7,591, that of Barczewo is 7,401, that of Jeziorany is 3,376, and the rural population is 74,324.
Neighbouring counties.
Apart from the city of Olsztyn, Olsztyn County is also bordered by Lidzbark County and Bartoszyce County to the north, Kętrzyn County and Mrągowo County to the east, Szczytno County to the south-east, Nidzica County to the south, and Ostróda County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into 12 gminas (five urban-rural and seven rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="6978446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978446" title="1991 African Women's Championship">
1991 African Women's Championship

The 1991 African Women's Championship was the inaugural edition of the currently-named Women's Africa Cup of Nations, invoked to determine CAF's single qualifier for the inaugural edition of the FIFA Women's World Cup that year. Nigeria defeated Cameroon in the final to win its first title and earn qualification.
Eight teams were originally scheduled to play in the tournament, but four of them withdrew, with Cameroon reaching the final on two walkovers.
Participating teams.
The eight participating teams were:
The teams who withdrew in "italics".

</doc>
<doc id="6978447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978447" title="Powiat of Olsztyn">
Powiat of Olsztyn



</doc>
<doc id="6978453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978453" title="1866 Civil Rights Act">
1866 Civil Rights Act



</doc>
<doc id="6978473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978473" title="Nowe Miasto County">
Nowe Miasto County

Nowe Miasto County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is Nowe Miasto Lubawskie, which lies south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 43,388, out of which the population of Nowe Miasto Lubawskie is 11,036 and the rural population is 32,352.
Neighbouring counties.
Nowe Miasto County is bordered by Iława County to the north, Działdowo County to the east, Brodnica County to the south and Grudziądz County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (one urban and four rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6978475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978475" title="Powiat of Nowe Miasto">
Powiat of Nowe Miasto



</doc>
<doc id="6978476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978476" title="Lofthus (shipwreck)">
Lofthus (shipwreck)

The Lofthus (also known as the Cashmere) is a Norwegian shipwreck (which sank in 1898) near Boynton Beach, Florida, United States. Built in 1868 in Sunderland, England by T.R. Oswald, the 222-foot iron-hulled vessel was originally christened Cashmere and rigged as a three masted barque. She was painted with false gunports to ward off Sumatran and Javanese pirates. After a career in the East Indian trade "Cashmere" was sold to a Norwegian firm, renamed "Lofthus", and used in the American trade. On February 4, 1898, the Lofthaus wrecked in a storm en route to Buenos Aires, Argentina from Pensacola, Florida. The crew of 16 men, as well as the ship's cat and dog were rescued by the passing vessel "Three Friends", which was smuggling guns to Cuba. The ship, however, was declared a loss as it could not be removed from the shallow reef. The cargo, primarily lumber, was salvaged and brought ashore by locals and reportedly used to build homes in the Boynton Beach area.
The wreck of the "Lofthus" is located approximately three-quarters of a mile north of the Boynton Inlet and 175 yards offshore from Manalapan. According to the National Park Service, the remnants of the ship rest in 15 to 20 feet of water, with “wreckage rising as much as six feet off the sea floor depending on sand movement.” This often means large sections of the wreck may be entirely covered or completely exposed contingent on waves, currents, and storm conditions. After salvagers dynamited the hull, the wreck site became scattered across an area approximately 290 feet long by 50 feet wide, with the bow, midships, and stern separated into three distinct areas. The wreck is also now home to a number of native marine flora and fauna, including the Caribbean spiny lobster, cubbyu, grunts, jacks, porcupine fish, porkfish, snapper, stingrays, and wrasse.
On January 6, 2004, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places and was officially designated as the eighth Florida Underwater Archaeological Preserve (and Palm Beach County's first) during a ceremony at Boynton Beach Intracoastal Park. During the ceremony, former Historical Society of Palm Beach County president, Harvey Oyer, presented a brief history of the ship and the wreck. According to the historical society, Oyer's great-great grandparents were “among the first to board the grounded ship and help salvage its cargo before it sank.”

</doc>
<doc id="6978477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978477" title="Powiat of Nowe Miasto Lubawskie">
Powiat of Nowe Miasto Lubawskie



</doc>
<doc id="6978478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978478" title="Nowe Miasto Lubawskie County">
Nowe Miasto Lubawskie County



</doc>
<doc id="6978483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978483" title="Storm and Stress (disambiguation)">
Storm and Stress (disambiguation)

Storm and Stress is the English translation of Sturm und Drang, a German literary movement that emphasized the volatile emotional life of the individual
Storm and Stress or Sturm und Drang may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6978487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978487" title="Indian swellshark">
Indian swellshark

The Indian swellshark (Cephaloscyllium silasi) is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae found in the western Indian Ocean near Quilon, India and Sauqira Bay, Oman. Specimens caught as bycatch near North Sentinel Island of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands have been genetically identified as Indian swellsharks, expanding its known range to the Andaman Sea. It grows to about 36 cm in length, and can expand its body by taking in air or water to make it appear larger to predators.
The shark is considered to be critically endangered. It is threatened by fishing pressure as it is caught incidentally by deep-water trawling practices, which occur throughout its entire known range.
Etymology.
"Cephaloscyllium" comes from the words "cephalus", meaning head (from the Greek "kephalḗ"), and "scyllium", meaning small dog (from the Greek "skýlion"). The specific name, "silasi", was given in honour of Sri Lankan-born Indian ichthyologist Eric Godwin Silas.
Description.
The Indian swellshark has a light brown dorsal surface striped with seven dark brown bands, and a pale brown underside. Juvenile sharks appear light brown, similar to the adult but more faded in colour. They have a flat, rounded head, a stout body, five gill slits, and slit-like eyes.
Suspected to be a 'dwarf' species of "Cephaloscyllium", the Indian swellshark is estimated to reach a maximum of 50.0 cm in total length. Length at maturity of males is reported as 36.7 cm, while an examined female was measured to be 45.0 cm long.
Biology.
The Indian swellshark is a single oviparous species. The egg case is described as of medium length (85.1–86.2 mm) with long, convoluted tendrils on the posterior and anterior sides. An examined gravid female carried one egg case in each uterus, containing visible embryos.
A study on the Sarawak pygmy swellshark revealed that the shark has a unique reproductive mechanism termed "sustained single oviparity", wherein pregnant females always have a singular egg case, and retain it until a certain stage of embryonic development. A comparison with the studied female Indian swellshark suggests that the species may exhibit the same reproductive mechanism, based on the presence of a single embryo in each oviduct and the relatively advanced size of such.
Ecology.
The Indian swellshark is a marine, bathydemersal shark, found on the continental slope at a depth range of 100–500 m.
The examined stomach of an Indian swellshark contained crustaceans and cephalopods.

</doc>
<doc id="6978490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978490" title="Homeschool mathematics">
Homeschool mathematics



</doc>
<doc id="6978494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978494" title="Cephaloscyllium silasi">
Cephaloscyllium silasi



</doc>
<doc id="6978496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978496" title="The Midnighters">
The Midnighters

The Midnighters were an American vocal group from Detroit, Michigan. They were an influential group in the 1950s and early 1960s, with many R&amp;B hit records. They were also notable for launching the career of lead singer Hank Ballard and the worldwide dance craze the twist. Between 1953 and 1962, the Midnighters had several hits on the U.S. pop and R&amp;B charts. Their hits included the million-selling "Billboard" top 10 pop hits "Finger Poppin' Time" (for which they received a 1961 Grammy Award nomination), and "Let's Go, Let's Go, Let's Go". The Midnighters also had 13 top 10 R&amp;B hits, including three that reached number 1. Their top 10 R&amp;B hits included "Work with Me, Annie", "It's Love Baby (24 Hours a Day)", "Annie Had a Baby", "The Hoochi Coochi Coo", "Teardrops on Your Letter", "Get It", "The Float" and "Nothing but Good". They received the Rhythm and Blues Foundation's prestigious Pioneer Award in 1992 and were inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame in 1999. The Midnighters are also noted for achieving a music industry milestone in 1960, by becoming the first group in history to place 3 singles on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at the same time. The group's lead singer, Hank Ballard, was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1990. The Midnighters as a group were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on April 14, 2012.
The Royals: Origin and early years.
The group was formed as the Four Falcons by guitarist and songwriter Alonzo Tucker in Detroit in 1952. For their recording debut, their name was changed to the Royals, as there was another Detroit-based group with a similar name, "the Falcons". After several personnel changes, the group stabilized with the lineup of Tucker, Henry Booth, Charles Sutton, Sonny Woods, and Lawson Smith. Hank Ballard and Sonny Woods met when they worked on the same Ford auto assembly line in Detroit. They became friends, and when Smith, the group's lead singer, was drafted, Ballard joined the group to take his place. This was the lineup when the group was discovered by the bandleader, songwriter, and record producer Johnny Otis in 1953. Otis became the group's manager and obtained a record contract for them with Cincinnati-based King Records on its subsidiary label De Luxe Records. 
Initially, Sutton took over Smith's role as lead singer (usually), while Ballard sang backup with Woods, Booth, and Tucker. Early Royals and Midnighters recordings featuring Sutton were doo-wop ballads, including the original version of "Every Beat of My Heart", written by Otis (which, years later, became the first million-selling hit for Gladys Knight &amp; the Pips), and "Starting from Tonight" (written by Tucker). Ballard began writing for the group and became its lead singer. The group had some success and moved to another King Records subsidiary, Federal Records, for which they recorded "Get It", their first major R&amp;B hit, which spent seven weeks in the top 10 on the R&amp;B chart and also sold well in mainstream markets. Around this time, the group's name was considered too similar to that of another group on the King roster, The "5" Royales, and the name was changed to the Midnighters.
"Get It" was followed by other hits, all of which featured Ballard as lead singer. The first record in this series was "Work with Me, Annie" (1953), a controversial song, which reached number 1 on the "Billboard" R&amp;B chart and sold over a million copies. The "Annie" song series included "Sexy Ways" (R&amp;B chart number 2, 1954), "Annie Had a Baby" (R&amp;B chart number 1 and a million-seller, 1954), "Annie's Aunt Fannie" (R&amp;B chart number 10 and a million-seller, 1954), and "Henry's Got Flat Feet (Can't Dance No More)" (number 14 R&amp;B, 1955, a response to "(Dance with Me, Henry)", recorded earlier that year by Etta James as an "answer song" to "Work with Me, Annie"). Several of these early Midnighters' hits were banned from airplay by the F.C.C. because of sexual overtones in their lyrics. However, despite this, they received publicity, and crossed over to the white teenage audience, resulting in crossover sales.
Dry spell, come back, and "The Twist".
After one more top 10 R&amp;B hit, "It's Love Baby (24 Hours a Day)", in 1955, the Midnighters had no more hit songs for three and a half years. During this time, members came and went: Lawson Smith returned from the U.S. armed forces after having been drafted, replacing Henry Booth, and Norman Thrasher eventually replaced Sonny Woods. The guitarist Cal Green replaced Arthur Porter, who had earlier taken the place of original member Alonzo Tucker.
Tucker went on to become a successful independent songwriter, writing hits for Jackie Wilson "Baby Workout", "No Pity (In the Naked City)", "Squeeze Her, Tease Her (But Love Her)", "You Don't Know What It Means", "Years from Now", the Chi-Lites "Marriage License", Gladys Knight &amp; the Pips "Every Beat of My Heart" (originally recorded by the Midnighters), the Animals, and others. He also wrote but was not credited with Wilson's hit song "Doggin' Around"; Nat Tarnopol, the president of Wilson's record label, Brunswick Records, placed the name of his as-yet-unborn son Paul Tarnopol on the record as a writer in Tucker's place.
The Midnighters released records during this time, but none were hits. In the meantime, the group's record company, King, had become more interested in a powerful new vocal group from Georgia: the Famous Flames, featuring the singers James Brown and Bobby Byrd, who had been influenced by the Midnighters.
In 1959, the group, now called Hank Ballard &amp; the Midnighters, had been switched to the parent label, King Records, and released their first hit in 4 years, "Teardrops on Your Letter". It was a top 10 hit on the "Billboard" R&amp;B chart, peaking at number 4 (it also reached number 87 on the "Billboard" pop chart), and re-established the Midnighters as a hit-making force. Even more significant was the song's flip side, a song about a dance, "The Twist". It was also a hit, reaching number 16 on the R&amp;B chart. It was an even bigger hit for the group when it was re-released a year later.
According to "The Twist", by Jim Dawson, Dave Appell, working for Kal Mann and Bernie Lowe's Cameo-Parkway Records of Philadelphia, wanted to record a version of the Midnighters' hit, "The Twist." Although Ballard was credited as the sole writer of the song, its origins allegedly went back further than that. In the summer of 1960, while serving as bandleader of Cameo-Parkway's house band, Appell wanted to re-record the song, as he saw the song as having hit potential. In the meantime, Dick Clark, the host of ABC's "American Bandstand", also noticed how local white teens in Philly were dancing to Hank and the Midnighters' original and felt the same as Appell. But, having no literal or financial connection to the Midnighters' record label, King Records, Clark had no way to capitalize on the Midnighters' song. Clark gave promotion and airplay to two of the Midnighters records, "Finger Poppin' Time", and "Let's Go, Let's Go, Let's Go" on "American Bandstand" in exchange for King Records president Syd Nathan giving Clark licensing rights for one of his artists on Cameo Parkway, one Ernest Evans, later to be known as Chubby Checker, to record "The Twist". Clark was part owner of Cameo-Parkway and several other record companies at the time.
2012 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction.
In 2012, the Midnighters as a group were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. A special subcommittee, appointed by the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, addressed the question of recognizing pioneering groups that had not been inducted in the Hall's early years when their frontmen were inducted. As a result of this committee's decision, the Midnighters were automatically inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame alongside Hank Ballard, without the normal process of nomination and voting, under the premise that they should have been inducted with Ballard in 1990. The inducted members were Henry Booth, Billy Davis, Cal Green, Arthur Porter, Lawson Smith, Charles Sutton, Norman Thrasher, and Sonny Woods. Original Midnighters Smith (now known as Abdul Bin-Asad) and Thrasher, the last surviving members of the group, accepted the induction on behalf of the group and acknowledged departed members, including the group's founder, Alonzo Tucker, who was not inducted.
In 2015, Hank Ballard &amp; the Midnighters were inducted into the third class of the Rhythm &amp; Blues Music Hall of Fame, in Cleveland.
Hank Ballard &amp; the Midnighters set a music industry milestone in 1960, by becoming the first group in history to place 3 hit singles in the Billboard Hot 100 at the same time: Finger Poppin' Time", "Let's Go, Let's Go, Let's Go" and "The Twist" in mid-July, 1960. The Midnighters held this record until it was finally broken by the Beatles in 1964.
Discography.
All credited to Hank Ballard and the Midnighters unless stated otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="6978497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978497" title="Tairo">
Tairo

Tairo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6978503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978503" title="Omega Fornacis">
Omega Fornacis

Omega Fornacis, which is Latinized from ω Fornacis, is a wide binary star system in the southern constellation of Fornax. It has a blue-white hue and is faintly visible to the naked eye as a fifth-magnitude star. The system lies at a distance of approximately 470 light years from the Sun based on parallax, and is drifting further away with a radial velocity of +10 km/s.
The dual nature of this system was discovered in 1836 by John Herschel. As of 2013, the two components had an angular separation of along a position angle of 246°. This corresponds to a projected separation of .
The magnitude 4.95 primary, designated component A, is a chemically peculiar B-type main-sequence star with a stellar classification of B9V It has 3.4 times the Sun's mass and is radiating around 268 times the luminosity of the Sun from its photosphere at an effective temperature of 10,910 K. Component B, the magnitude 7.71 secondary, is an A-type main-sequence star with a class of A3V. It is smaller than the primary, but has a higher projected rotational velocity.

</doc>
<doc id="6978511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978511" title="Oyster Pond, Nova Scotia">
Oyster Pond, Nova Scotia

Jeddore Oyster Ponds is a community on the Eastern Shore of the Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia on Marine Drive on Trunk 7 49.2 Kilometers from Halifax. It lies on the northeast side of Jeddore Harbour.
Schools.
Oyster Pond Academy

</doc>
<doc id="6978520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978520" title="Cochabamba ruins">
Cochabamba ruins



</doc>
<doc id="6978546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978546" title="Transportation in New York State">
Transportation in New York State



</doc>
<doc id="6978547" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978547" title="Dawson College shooting">
Dawson College shooting

The Dawson College shooting occurred on September 13, 2006, at Dawson College, a CEGEP located in downtown Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The perpetrator, Kimveer Singh Gill, began shooting outside the de Maisonneuve Boulevard entrance to the school, and moved towards the atrium by the cafeteria on the main floor. One victim died at the scene, while another 19 were injured, eight of whom were listed in critical condition, with six requiring surgery. The shooter later committed suicide, after being shot in the arm by a police officer. It was the third fatal school shooting in Montreal, after the École Polytechnique massacre in 1989 and the shooting spree at Concordia University in 1992.
Shooting.
At 12:30 p.m. EDT, Gill parked his car on de Maisonneuve Boulevard near the college campus and was seen removing weapons from his trunk by bystanders. Gill briefly took a passerby hostage and forced him to carry a bag containing a fourth gun and additional ammunition. Gill opened fire at students outside on the steps of Dawson College at its rear entrance with a semi-automatic carbine, and the passerby fled the melee, leaving Gill's bag.
Gill then entered the school and made his way to the school cafeteria, almost directly ahead of the school entrance. He positioned himself in the corner of the building, near the microwave oven, and set his bag on the floor. He loaded a pistol, fired a shot into the floor and then shot students who were standing in front of him. He then raised his weapon and ordered the remaining students to lie down on the floor. He continued shooting at students until confronted by two police officers who had been visiting the school at the time regarding an unrelated incident. The police officers entered after hearing the gunfire, and rushed to the cafeteria. Additional police officers surrounded the campus. Confronted by police officers in the school cafeteria, Gill briefly took two more people hostage.
He was shot in the arm by police officer Denis Côté and then committed suicide via a gunshot wound to the head at 12:48 EDT. The police officers attempted to resuscitate him, but failed. At 1:30 p.m., police officers dragged his body outside the building, covered it with a yellow bag, then continued the evacuation and the search for possible accomplices. Authorities concluded the attack was premeditated, after a short suicide note was found on Gill's body during the autopsy.
The shooter discharged his rifle 72 times and his pistol 6 times during the shooting.
The television network TVA reported that security camera footage from Place Alexis Nihon showed Gill staking out the area as far back as August 10, more than a month before the shootings.
Victims.
The police confirmed the death of one victim, an 18-year-old woman who was shot in the abdomen and died on the scene. Canadian newspapers later identified the woman as Anastasia Rebecca De Sousa. She had been shot a total of nine times.
The Montreal Police Service later reported that 19 other people had been wounded. One victim, who was reportedly at Dawson College to visit friends, suffered two shots to the head. He underwent intensive surgery; the doctors removed one bullet, and he remained in a coma for one week after the shooting as doctors determined whether they should try to remove the second bullet. After two weeks on a ventilator, he emerged from the coma and was recovering.
Investigation.
Police initially looked for as many as three suspects, but Montreal Police Chief Yvan Delorme later confirmed that there was only one shooter, who shot himself fatally on the scene. Many eyewitnesses described a man with a Mohawk hairstyle, wearing a black trench coat, black trousers with metal studs, and combat boots. The suspect carried three weapons, including a semi-automatic carbine.
That evening, a Sûreté du Québec spokesperson confirmed to LCN TV reporters that the shooter was a 25-year-old male, born in Québec. Police found his car, a black Pontiac Sunfire, parked close to the school, and later searched the house where he lived with his mother, seizing a computer and other belongings.
Around midnight on Wednesday, police confirmed to the media that the suspect was Kimveer Gill, a 25-year-old Laval resident, a graduate from Rosemere High School. An autopsy later revealed that Gill committed suicide after being hit in the arm by police officer Denis Côté's gunfire. It was revealed that Gill's actions were premeditated; a short suicide note was found on Gill's body.
During a police search at Gill's home, an apology note to his family was found. In addition, police seized firearm accessories including holsters and manuals, including those of the firearm he used during the attack; they also found a letter praising the actions of Columbine shooters Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold.
Aftermath.
Police cordoned off the campus area and swept the school for students left inside. Local radio reports placed the number of police vehicles at approximately 80 and up to 24 ambulances surrounded the building. Students and faculty were evacuated from the campus or left the vicinity of the shooting.
Two shopping centres adjacent to Dawson, Place Alexis Nihon and Westmount Square, directly linked to the Atwater metro station, were evacuated and the green line of the Montreal Metro was shut down for several hours between Lionel-Groulx and McGill. The Pepsi Forum entertainment centre, opposite the eastern corner of Dawson, was open when many of the students came running into the premises moments after the shooting began. Shortly afterward, the Pepsi Forum went into lockdown under the directives of the Montreal Police. Eventually, one of the Forum's entrances onto St. Catherine Street re-opened under police/security guard to allow monitored access and egress.
A large number of the evacuees were also directed to the nearby Concordia University, where the Concordia Student Union (CSU) is located. The CSU cancelled all remaining Orientation activities, and instead used its venues to temporarily shelter the evacuated Dawson students and provide them with food, water, blankets, and phones to reach other loved ones. A coordination team was put in place from the CSU, and the DSU used the Sir George Williams campus as a temporary crisis centre and offered counselling (psychologist, psychiatrist) to traumatized students and staff. Claude Dauphin (Mayor of the borough of Lachine and Vice-President of the City of Montreal executive committee) had a very close relationship with both of the student unions during the night of the events; Dauphin went to the CSU office's the night of the shooting to meet with both unions to inform them of what the city was doing, and to ask how he could help.
The police also established several phone numbers for parents and friends of the students.
Police reported that they needed a few days to process the crime scene. As a result, officials from Dawson College stated that the school would be closed until Monday, September 18, 2006, scheduled to open its doors at 11:00 a.m. and remain open until 7:00 p.m. and have an "Open House" feel to the day. Classes were scheduled to resume as usual on Tuesday, September 19, 2006.
A follow-up study conducted by the McGill University Health Centre Research Institute found that 30% of Dawson students at the time of the shooting suffered mental health consequences including post-traumatic stress disorder, major depression, alcohol dependence, and social phobia, a level twice that found in the general population. Approximately 18% of respondents developed a mental health disorder despite never having had one before.
Perpetrator.
Kimveer Gill was a 25-year-old Canadian born on 9 July 1981 in Lachine, Quebec, Canada. His parents were of Punjabi descent, and moved to Saint-Laurent, Quebec from India in early 1981. The family later settled in the Fabreville area of Laval, Quebec in 1987. Kimveer attended Twin Oaks Elementary School in Laval from 1988 to 1993.
Gill later attended Rosemere High School, where he was remembered by teachers as quiet and unassuming. Despite early media reports, he performed well academically, and most students remember him as having friends and certainly never being bullied. Kimveer graduated from Rosemere High School in June 1998. He enrolled in Vanier College with his friends Steven Kulczycki, Andrew Page, and Jason Rust. However, he dropped out in January 1999.
Gill briefly received military training from the Canadian Forces Leadership and Recruit School in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Quebec, from January 17 to February 16, 1999. He had told his friends he wished to eventually become a mercenary. He did not complete his basic training for unknown reasons. He was deemed unsuitable for military service and was voluntarily discharged before receiving extensive weapons training. Gill was a member of a rifle club and visited the Ville Saint-Pierre facility the day prior to the shooting.
Gill's profile was discovered on a website called VampireFreaks under the screen name "fatality666." The last login was at 10:35 a.m. on the day of the shooting. The profile was subsequently restricted to registered users, and then removed entirely.
Firearms.
Gill was armed with a Beretta Cx4 Storm pistol-caliber carbine, a Glock pistol (reports are conflicting as to whether this was chambered in 9mm or .45 ACP), and a shotgun. He fired sixty shots, ten of which were fired outside the school. With the exception of five shots from his pistol, including the one to kill himself, all the shots came from the rifle.
There were reports of an additional firearm in a bag that he forced a hostage to bring along as he arrived near the campus site. According to TVA's crime reporter Claude Poirier, Gill briefly held a lawyer hostage and demanded that he bring the bag containing the fourth gun and additional ammunition. When the first shots were fired and police arrived, the lawyer fled the scene and hid Gill's bag.
Gill had a restricted firearm license. His firearms were registered with the Canadian gun registry. The transportation, storage, and use of his firearms in the incident were not legal as per firearms regulation in Canada, despite the acquisition and possession being legal.
Response.
Students and faculty.
Some student leaders criticized the immediate response of the Dawson College administration. "The Chronicle of Higher Education" reported that "if it hadn't been for help from the Student Union at nearby Concordia University... many of the Dawson students would have had no one to turn to for help." 
Dawson's director-general Richard Filion called the student charges harsh.
"We did our best to evacuate the building. We were in a state of shock. We were scattered everywhere around the city," Filion said, noting many staff members were out on lunch break.
Dawson does have an emergency plan, he said, but it was designed with fire safety in mind.
Filion announced that staff and faculty would return to the College on Friday, September 15, and that classes would resume on Tuesday, September 19, 2006. The school invited all students to join them on Monday, September 18, 2006, to meet with staff and faculty for information and support, as well as to retrieve belongings that had been left behind. It was announced that grief counseling and support services would be available on an ongoing basis.
In addition, one of the victims, 18-year-old Hayder Kadhim, who received two bullet wounds to the head and neck, challenged Prime Minister Stephen Harper to a gun control debate in a public speech on CBC in response to the shooting.
Complaints about media coverage.
Monique Lépine (mother of Marc Lépine, the perpetrator of the École Polytechnique massacre) spoke out in wake of the shooting, the first time she had ever done so since her son's massacre 16 years prior.
Jan Wong controversy.
An immediate controversy arose about an article regarding the Dawson shootings by journalist Jan Wong, of the Toronto-based "The Globe and Mail". Three days after the event, Wong, who was born and raised in Montreal and is the daughter of Chinese immigrants, wrote a front-page piece titled "Get under the desk", in which she drew a link between all three school shootings in Quebec history (the École Polytechnique, the Concordia University and the Dawson College killings) and the nature of Quebec society under its protective language laws.
Wong suggested the fact that the three perpetrators were not old-stock French Quebecers (the shooters were Algerian, Belarusian, and Punjabi in descent) was related to their murderous actions since, she claimed, they were alienated from a Quebec society concerned with "racial purity." Accused of "Quebec bashing," Wong's writing soon created public outcry in Quebec and political condemnation. Quebec Premier Jean Charest called the article a "disgrace", stating that it "betrays an ignorance of Canadian values and a profound misunderstanding of Québec." On September 20, 2006, Prime Minister Stephen Harper pronounced it "prejudiced, absurd, irresponsible and without foundation"; the same day, the House of Commons of Canada unanimously passed a motion requesting an apology for the column.
Wong's writing followed the comments of Professor Elliott Leyton, a social-anthropologist who is a widely consulted expert on serial homicide.
Interviewed by CBC Newsworld on September 14, 2006, about the Dawson College shooting, Leyton stated that because all three such murderous rampages in Quebec involved a killer who was either an immigrant or a child of immigrants, it warranted an examination of government and societal attitudes.
Broadcast Code violation.
In 2007, the Canadian Broadcast Standards Council faulted CKNW, a radio station in Vancouver, British Columbia for airing "potentially dangerous information" during the Dawson College shooting. During the incident, CKNW had simulcast content from its sister stations in Montreal which included students speaking by cellphone from inside the school. A Vancouver man complained that the content could have told the gunman where the students were. The council said that as a result of modern technology reducing geographic distance as a barrier, CKNW had breached Section 10 (coverage of violent situations) of the broadcast code. The station broadcast the decision as required, but did not air an apology.
Megadeth.
Gill mentioned the song "A Tout le Monde" by the thrash metal band Megadeth on his blog on VampireFreaks.com on the day of the shooting. Megadeth was blamed for the shooting by many news outlets and watchdog groups as a result.
Later in 2006, Megadeth performed live in Montreal, and responded to the blame that had been placed on the band and their music as a result. Band leader Dave Mustaine told the crowd:
The guy who went to Dawson College and shot everyone, it's terrible. Aside from the fact that what he did was wrong, we have a relationship with Montreal, and that really pissed us off.
Before the concert in an interview for CBC News Mustaine said:
I was so angry that this guy would use my song, and that he would try and turn that beautiful song into something ugly and nasty. It's for those who lost their lives, and it's a gift to those who are in the process of healing (...) and Gill was not worthy of being a Megadeth fan.
"Natural Born Killers".
This is the ninth mass killing to implicate the movie "Natural Born Killers", per the gunman's blog at vampirefreaks.com, which he called one of his favourites. At some point prior to September 20, 2006, the blog was deleted.

</doc>
<doc id="6978549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978549" title="Midnighters">
Midnighters

Midnighters may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6978560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978560" title="Robert Dorning">
Robert Dorning

Robert Dorning (13 May 1913 – 21 February 1989) was an English musician, dance band vocalist, ballet dancer and actor. He is known to have performed in at least 77 television and film productions between 1940 and 1988.
Origins.
Robert Dorning was born at 108 Croppers Hill in St Helens, Lancashire, England, on 13 May 1913. His father was Robert John Dorning who worked in a local pit as a coal miner haulier and his mother was Mary Elizabeth Dorning, formerly Howard. He was educated at Cowley Grammar School in St Helens, where he also learnt to play violin and saxophone. After leaving school, Dorning studied drama and dance in Liverpool with the intention of becoming a ballet dancer. During the 1930s he had a brief career as a musical comedian in theatre, before choosing acting as his profession.
Film roles.
Dorning's first known film role was in the crime drama "They Came by Night" (1940). His acting career was interrupted by World War II and service in the RAF. After being demobbed, he utilised his ballet dancing talents when cast as a dancer in "The Red Shoes" (1948). During the 1950s he had supporting roles in at least ten films, although one was the well-received prisoner of war film, "The One That Got Away" (1957), in which he had the role of Corporal Wilson, the rest were mainly crime dramas. Although his film career was overshadowed by his more prolific television work, towards the end of his career he was cast in a number of notable film productions. These included the Hammer film "Fanatic" (1965), "Cul-de-Sac" (1966), directed by Roman Polanski, "Man About the House" (1974), "Confessions of a Pop Performer" (1975), "Carry On Emmannuelle" (1978), "The Human Factor" (1979), "Ragtime" (1981), Agatha Christie's "Evil Under the Sun" (1982) and "Mona Lisa" (1986).
Television roles.
In 1958 Dorning began a lengthy television career appearing in many classic comedies such as "Hancock's Half Hour" (1959–60), "Bootsie and Snudge" (1960), "Steptoe and Son" (1965), "Wodehouse Playhouse" (1978), "Rising Damp" (1978) and "Crown Court" (1972) episode “Genial Man”. Dorning played Mr. West, the bank inspector, in the classic "Dad's Army" episode "Something Nasty in the Vault" (1969) in which a bomb lands on Mainwaring's bank. Writer Jimmy Perry initially envisaged Jon Pertwee as the pompous bank manager and Home Guard officer Captain Mainwaring with Robert Dorning as Sergeant Wilson but eventually gave the roles to Arthur Lowe and John Le Mesurier respectively.
Dorning also had roles in a number of television soap operas and appeared as two different "Coronation Street" characters. He was Edward Wormold in 1965 and Alderman Rogers in an episode in 1972. In addition to this, he also starred alongside Arthur Lowe in the second series of Coronation Street spin-off "Pardon the Expression", and a follow-up series, "Turn out the Lights" as Wally Hunt. He played Tupman in the TV musical "Pickwick" for the BBC in 1969. In 1974 he played Lewis Potter in "Emmerdale Farm". Dorning also appeared in a number of television thrillers including "The Avengers" (1966), "The Sweeney" (1975), "The Professionals" (1978) and "Bergerac" (1988).
In 1975, Dorning took the part of Colonel Grope, described as "an ex-Indian army, alcoholic racialist", in "The Melting Pot". This was a sitcom written by Spike Milligan and Neil Shand, which was cancelled by the BBC after just one episode.
Personal life.
Dorning's daughter, Stacy Dorning (born 1958), starred in the children's television series "The Adventures of Black Beauty" (1973–74) as well as "Just William" (1976). Acting was a family tradition as Robert's Lancaster-born wife, Honor Shepherd (1926–2000), had been an actress since the age of eleven. Like her husband she appeared in a number of television programmes, including "Emergency Ward 10" (1957), "Hancock's Half Hour" (1961), "Dixon of Dock Green" (1966) and "Juliet Bravo" (1981). Their youngest daughter Kate Dorning appeared in "Rumpole of the Bailey" (1979), "The Professionals" (1980) and "Alice in Wonderland" (1986).
Family members would sometimes appear together within the same programme. In 1979 Kate, Stacy and their mother Honor all appeared within an episode of the television drama "Dick Turpin".
Kate Dorning's son Jack Dorning is continuing the family tradition, graduating from Rose Bruford College of Theatre and Performance in 2014.
Death.
Dorning died on 21 February 1989 in London of diabetes.

</doc>
<doc id="6978562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978562" title="Choquequirao">
Choquequirao

Choquequirao is a 16th-century Incan site in the Cusco Region of southern Peru. Often called the "sister city" of Machu Picchu due to its similar structure and architecture, the site consists of an extensive complex of buildings and agricultural terraces built around the Sunch'u Pata, the truncated hill top, on a steep mountainside overlooking the Apurímac River. The ruins are situated in the Santa Teresa district (La Convención province) at an elevation of 3,050 metres (10,010 ft) in the rugged Vilcabamba mountain range. The site overlooks the Apurimac River canyon that has an elevation of .
The complex covers an area of about 1,800 hectares, though only 30–40% has been excavated. It served as a ceremonial center, an administrative hub, and a checkpoint controlling access to the Vilcabamba region. It is renowned for its sophisticated stone masonry, water channels, and unique white stone mosaics of llamas built into its terrace walls. After the Spanish conquest, it became one of the last strongholds of Inca resistance led by Manco Inca Yupanqui.
The site can only be reached by a two-day hike from outside Cusco.
Etymology.
The name "Choquequirao" is generally believed to come from the Aymara and Quechua languages. It is a combination of the Ayma"ra" lexeme "choqe" and the Quechua lexeme "k'iraw". According to Ludovico Bertonio's Aymara dictionary, "choque" designates “gold, the richest metal”. The Quechua lexeme "k'iraw" mean a crib or cradle. In González Holguín's Quechua dictionary the term qquirao translates as “the cradle of children”. The Choquequiroa is often translated as "Cradle of Gold" According to Alencastre, the name of a rocky peak, located in the vicinity of the site, could have been given, by extension, to the site when it was rediscovered in the 19th century. Choqe K'iraw in Quechua translates as "Metallic Tooth".
History.
Choquequirao is a 15th- and 16th-century settlement associated with the Inca Empire, or more correctly Tahuantinsuyo. The site had two major growth stages. This could be explained if Pachacuti founded Choquequirao and his son, Tupac Inca Yupanqui, remodeled and extended it after becoming the Sapa Inca. Choquequirao is located in the area considered to be Pachacuti’s estate; which includes the areas around the rivers Amaybamba, Urubamba, Vilcabamba, Vitcos, and Apurímac.
Other sites in this area are Sayhuite, Machu Picchu, Chachabamba "(Chachapampa)", Choquesuysuy "(Chuqisuyuy)", and Guamanmarca "(Wamanmarka)"; all of which share similar architectural styles with Choquequirao. The architectural style of several important features appears to be of Chachapoya design, suggesting that Chachapoya workers were probably involved in the construction. This suggests that Tupaq Inka probably ordered the construction. Colonial documents also suggest that Tupac Inca ruled Choquequirao since his great grandson, Tupa Sayri, claimed ownership of the site and neighboring lands during Spanish colonization.
It was one of the last bastions of resistance and refuge of the Son of the Sun (the "Inca"), Manco Inca Yupanqui, who fled Cusco after his siege of the city failed in 1535.
According to the Peruvian Tourism Office, "Choquequirao was probably one of the entrance check points to the Vilcabamba, and also an administrative hub serving political, social, and economic functions. Its urban design has followed the symbolic patterns of the imperial capital, with ritual places dedicated to "Inti" (the Incan sun god) and the ancestors, to the earth, water, and other divinities, with mansions for administrators and houses for artisans, warehouses, large dormitories or kallankas, and farming terraces belonging to the Inca or the local people. Spreading over 700 meters, the ceremonial area drops as much as 65 meters from the elevated areas to the main square." The city also played an important role as a link between the Amazon Jungle and the city of Cusco.
Discovery.
In 1973, historian Lorenzo Huertas made an important contribution to the history of Choquequirao by publishing the Memorial of Spanish explorer Juan Arias Díaz in 1710, which mentions for the first time the existence of the settlement as one of the four Inca cities located in the Vilcabamba area. Until this discovery, the description of the site by the cartographer Cosme Bueno in his "Descripción de las provincias de los Obispados y Arzobispados del Virreinato del Perú" in 1768 was considered the oldest reference to the site, followed by the "Noticias Geograficas del Cuzco" by Pablo José Oricaín in 1790.
After its abandonment in the late 16th century, Choquequirao was reclaimed by the dense Andean forest. The site is absent from all known colonial chronicles of the 16th and 17th centuries. The site was mythologized as the last refuge of the Incas, a symbol of resistance against the Spanish conquistadors. This  narrative fueled the imaginations of 19th-century explorers and adventurers, inspiring numerous expeditions to locate the fabled city. Among the most prominent were the French diplomat Eugène de Sartiges and French draughtsman Léonce Angrand between 1834 and 1838, the Austrian-French explorer Charles Wiener, and Peruvian explorers José Samanez, Juan Manuel Rivas Plata and Mariano Cisneros in 1861.
The Prefect of the Province of Apurimac, J.J. Nuñez, encouraged Hiram Bingham to visit the 'Cradle of Gold', in order to discover any Incan treasure. Bingham was a delegate to the 1908 First Pan American Scientific Congress and was in Cusco at the time. Bingham decided to visit Choquequirao in 1909 to determine if it was Vilcapampa, the Capital of the last four Incas. He found three groups of buildings, mummified bodies, and places where dynamite had been used in the search of treasure. However, Bingham decided it was merely a frontier fortress, and it tempted him to search further.
Location and layout.
Choquequirao is situated at an elevation of 3,000 m above sea level on a southwest-facing spur of a glaciated peak above the Apurimac River. The region is characterized by mountain topography and covered with Amazonian flora and fauna. It is 98 km west of Cusco, in the Vilcabamba range. The complex covers 6 km2. Architecturally it is similar to Machu Picchu. The main structures, such as temples, huacas, elite residences, and fountain/bath systems are concentrated around two plazas along the crest of the ridge, which encompass approximately 2 km2 and follow Inca urban design. Also there is a conglomeration of common buildings clustered away from the plaza. The ruins are buildings and terraces at levels above and below Sunch'u Pata, the truncated hill top. The hilltop was anciently leveled and ringed with stones to create a 30 by 50 m platform. Excavations and surface items suggest they were probably used for workshops and food preparation. Most buildings are well-preserved and well-restored; restoration continues.
The terrain around the site was greatly modified. The central area of the site was leveled artificially and the surrounding hillsides were terraced to allow cultivation and small residential areas.The typical Inca terraces form the largest constructions on site.
Many of the ceremonial structures are associated with water. There are two unusual temple "wak'a" sites that lie several hundred meters lower than the two plazas. These are carefully crafted step terraces down a steep slope are designed around water. The site also contains a number of ceremonial structures such as the large "usnu" built on a truncated hill, the Giant Staircase, and an aqueduct providing water to the water shrines.
Sectors.
The archaeological complex of Choquequirao is divided into 12 sectors. While the contents of each sector are different, terraces used for various purposes are common throughout. It seems that most of the buildings here were either for ceremonial purposes, residences of the priests, or used to store food.
Ceremonial center.
The ceremonial center of Choquequirao shares many features similar to those of other Inca ceremonial centers and pilgrimage sites, such as Isla del Sol, Quespiwanka ("Qhispi Wank'a", palace of Huayna Capac), Machu Picchu/Llaqtapata, Tipon and Saywite. The long and treacherous route from Cusco to Choquequirao likely passed by Machu Picchu, leading onto the face of Machu Picchu Peak. From Llaqtapata, the path continued down into the Mollepata Valley, traversed the Yanamia pass at 4670 m, and continued across the Rio Blanco, finally reaching Choquequirao from above after an estimated 7- to 10-day journey.
The ceremonial center consists of a main platform and a lower plaza. Stone lined channels carried ceremonial water, or chicha to shrines and baths throughout the site. The main platform, unique in its size and prominence, limited ceremonial activity to royalty and the ministerial class. This seems as such due to evidence showing that the only entrance to the platform was through a double-jam doorway, which functioned to control access to the sacred space. Other features of the ceremonial center include structures that mark the direction of certain solar events, such as when the June and December solstice sun rises and sets.
Located in the main platform, the Giant Stairway opens to the sunrise of the December solstice. Measured at 25 meters long and 4.4 meters wide, this structure seems to have been purely ceremonial in function, since the stairs end abruptly partway down a hill, leading to nothing. Large boulders that rest upon the risers of the stairway become fully illuminated when the December solstice sun rises. Gary R. Ziegler and J. McKim Malville have postulated that when the boulders become illuminated, a "wak'a" is activated by its solar camaquen—a case similar to when the large stone of the Torreon at Machu Picchu becomes illuminated.
In the lower plaza a group of structures were found that appeared to be water shrines and baths. This belief is held based on their strong resemblance to those at sector II of Llaqtapata and because there are numerous water channels leading to that portion of the plaza. Overall, it seems as though the site was chosen, as Machu Picchu was, for its sacred geographical location, and was designed to facilitate ritual and ceremonial activity.
Subsectors.
The area around Choquequiaro contains several subsectors that have been associated with the Inca culture that thrived in Choquequirao, suggesting that the subsectors are most likely part of the site. Design, construction style, and cultural parallels support that these sectors were tightly intertwined with Choquequiaro and the Inca at some point in their history. The lack of residential space in these sectors suggests that these were probably farming outposts from Choquequirao rather than an independent site. Due to differences in design and construction styles, it is believed that these sectors were built in three different phases. Like Choquequirao art style, the subsector also contains multiple camelid art and ceremonial "phaqchas" that are tightly related to Inca, especially Pachacuti’s government.
Materials.
All lithic materials utilized for the construction of the site and surrounding sectors were mined from the local quarries. Due to the metamorphic rock in the quarries of Choquequirao, superb masonry like that at Machu Picchu could not be obtained. Instead, the entrances and corners were shaped from quartzite, and the walls were made of ashlar and plastered with clay and then painted in a light orange color.
Art.
Most of the rock art in Choquequirao is in the terraced area where cultivation occurred. Archaeologists have documented twenty-five semi-naturalistic figures on the terraces of sector VIII of Choquequirao. The rocks used to build the walls are dark schist while the camelid images are of white calcocuarcita, a sandstone of quartz and carbonate. The camelid motifs vary between a maximum height of 1.94 m and one minimum of 1.25 m. In 2004, archaeologist Zenobio Valencia from the University of San Antonio Abad of Cusco found several camelid figurines made of white stones in a group of terraces in one sector of the archaeological site.
One recent discovery for example, uncovered a scene laid into the stone terraces with white quartzite depicting several llamas loaded with cargo standing by their handlers. Present on the uppermost terrace wall is a zigzag pattern of the same quartzite. This style of design is uniquely Chachapoya and not found in other sites of Inca construction, indicating that workers from Chachapoya may have been involved in the construction of Choquequirao.
Access.
Presently the only way to access Choquequirao is by a hard hike. The common trailhead begins at the village of San Pedro de Cachora, which is approximately a 4-hour drive from Cuzco, along the Cusco-Abancay route. Another access point is from Huanipaca village, whose crossroad is located on the same route Cusco-Abancay, 4–5 km beyond the Cachora crossroad. Huanipaca offers a 15 km trail, half distance less than Cachora trail (31 km). Over 5,000 people trekked to Choquequirao in 2013. From Choquequirao it is possible to continue hiking to Machu Picchu. Most treks range from 7-day to 11-day hikes, and involve going over the Yanama Pass, which at 4,668 m is the highest point on the trek.
The construction of the cable car to Choquequirao has been declared a priority by the Apurímac Regional Government, which are destined to receive 220 million Peruvian Soles (US$82.7 million) to fund the project. It will reduce a two-day hike to a 15-minute cable car ride. Carlos Canales, president of the National Chamber of Tourism (Canatur) believes that in the first year of operation the Choquequirao cable car will receive 200,000 tourists, which will generate an income of US$4 million, with the average visitor paying US$20 per ticket.

</doc>
<doc id="6978567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978567" title="Julius Wobay">
Julius Wobay

Julius Gibrilla Wobay (born 19 May 1984) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder.
Football career.
East End Lions.
Julius Gibrilla Wobay was born and raised in Freetown, Sierra Leone to parents from the Mende ethnic group. He attended the Ahmadiyya Muslim Secondary School in Freetown. He began his professional football career in his native Sierra Leone with East End Lions in the Sierra Leone National Premier League.
Cyprus.
After the 2003 season, Wobay left the Sierra Leone National Premier League and signed with Cyprus side Onisilos Sotira where he played 12 matches and scored three goals. Then Wobay signed with Nea Salamis Famagusta FC, a club in Cyprus top division.
Universitatea Craiova.
In January 2007, Wobay moved to Romanian Liga I side Universitatea Craiova on a four-and-a-half-year contract from Cypriot club Nea Salamina FC for $450k.
Aris Limassol.
Three years after his movement from Salamina to Craiova, Wobay comes back (on a loan until the end of the season) to Cyprus but this time for Aris Limassol. On 20/1 he signed his contract with Cypriot side. The deal doesn't include a summer buying option for Aris Limassol.
Khazar Lankaran.
After returning to Universitatea Craiova for the first half of the 2010–11 season, Wobay went on to sign a two-year contract with Khazar Lankaran in the Azerbaijan Premier League during the winter break. Wobay went on to make 26 appearances for Khazar, scoring 6 goals.
Al-Masry.
On 31 January 2012, Wobay signed for Al-Masry of Egypt on a contract till the end of 2011–12 season, and was in the stands watching his new club as the Port Said Stadium riot unfolded.
Neftchi Baku.
During the summer of 2012 Wobay signed a one-year contract with Neftchi Baku. Wobay made his club debut in their 3–0 UEFA Champions League second qualifying round 1st leg match against Zestaponi, scoring the second goal. Wobay followed this up with a goal in the second leg and one in their 6–2 aggregate defeat to Ironi Kiryat Shmona in the third round, which saw them knocked into the UEFA Europa League play off round where Wobay also scored to help Neftchi reach the group stage of the UEFA Europa League for the first time. During the 2012–13 season Wobay played in 31 league games, scoring eight goals, and five cup games to help Neftchi win a 2013 League and Cup double.
Wobay has signed a new contract with Neftchi in June 2013, before moving on loan to Al Shabab of the UAE Arabian Gulf League on a year-long loan in July 2013. Wobay was deregistered by Al Shabab during the 2014 January transfer window.
Olimpija.
On 29 January 2016 Wobay signed a one-and-a-half-year contract with Slovenian club Olimpija Ljubljana.
International.
On 14 February 2001 Wobay made his debut for the Sierra Leone national team in a 2002 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Liberia in a match played in the Liberian capital of Monrovia. He retired from international football in December 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="6978571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978571" title="Midniters">
Midniters

Midniters may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6978577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978577" title="Sound post">
Sound post

In a string instrument, the sound post or soundpost is a dowel inside the instrument under the treble end of the bridge, spanning the space between the top and back plates and held in place by friction. It serves as a structural support for an archtop instrument, transfers sound from the top plate to the back plate and alters the tone of the instrument by changing the vibrational modes of the plates.
The sound post is sometimes referred to as the âme, a French word meaning "soul". The bow has also been referred to as the soul of these instruments. The Italians use the same term, "anima", for this.
Sound posts are used:
Sound post adjustment.
The position of the sound post inside a violin is critical, and moving it by very small amounts (as little as 0.5mm or 0.25mm, or less) can make a big difference in the sound quality and loudness of an instrument. Specialized tools for standing up or moving a sound post are commercially available. Often the pointed end of an S-shaped setter is sharpened with a file and left rough, to grip the post a bit better.
Soundpost adjustment is as much art as science, depending on the ears, experience, structural sense, and sensitive touch of the luthier. The rough guidelines in the following section outline the effects of various moves, but the interaction of all the factors involved keeps it from being a simple process. Moving the sound post has very complex consequences on the sound. In the end, it is the ear of the person doing the adjusting that determines the desired location of the post.
Effect of position on the instrument.
Moving the sound post towards the fingerboard tends to increase brilliance and loudness. Moving the sound post towards the tail piece decreases the loudness and adds a richness or hollowness to the tonal quality of the instrument. Moving it towards the outside of the instrument increases brightness and moving in towards the middle of the instrument increases the lower frequencies. There is very little room to move the post from side to side without fitting a new post (or shortening the existing one) since tension (how firmly the post is wedged between top and back) plays an important role in tone adjustment. Perfect wood-to-wood fit at both ends of the post is critical to getting the desired sound.

</doc>
<doc id="6978588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978588" title="Tampa Bay Area Beltway">
Tampa Bay Area Beltway

The Tampa Bay Area Beltway was a proposed beltway in Tampa, Florida. The plan was originally spearheaded by the Tampa-Hillsborough Expressway Authority and would have provided an alternative to Interstate 75, Interstate 275, and parts of Interstate 4. Though the beltway still officially sits on the books, there are currently no plans to build it in the near future.
History.
The Tampa Bay Area Beltway was first proposed by the THEA in the mid 1990s with some planning done during that time. However, plans were halted in 2004 when a span for reversible lanes being constructed for the Lee Roy Selmon Expressway collapsed. In Summer 2006, attention shifted back to the beltway plan and the THEA began its efforts to lobby the local governments to support the plan. However, as of 2007, much of the lobbying efforts failed with most attention focusing on mass transit improvements, including the proposal to build a regional rail system, instead of a beltway that would adversely impact rural and environmentally sensitive lands. Environmental criticism has also been brought to attention due to the fear that the beltway would cause immense sprawl. Additionally, Governor Charlie Crist vetoed of a bill that would have provided startup money for a regional transportation authority (now known as TBARTA). Tampa Mayor Pam Iorio also voiced her opposition to the beltway saying that it doesn't fit in with her future transportation vision, which is to utilize light rail and express bus systems throughout Hillsborough County.
Prior to the recent developments, the THEA was presenting the beltway plan to the affected counties and municipalities. In August 2006, the Hillsborough County Commission voted to support the beltway study. Pinellas, Pasco, and Manatee counties would be next in line to view the plans. Construction of the beltway's first phase would have occurred as early as 2010/2011 but there is currently no word if and when planning will resume. As of late 2007, the THEA announced that it will no longer seek to build the highway.
With the current recession, it is highly unlikely the beltway will be constructed prior to 2015. All planning efforts have been suspended as local governments focus on repairing their erections.
Proposed routing.
Several routes were being considered for the beltway. The southern terminus may be at or just north of the I-75/I-275 Junction in northern Manatee County, with the northwestern terminus at US 19 in southern Pasco County. A northern loop may branch off the main beltway near Zephyrhills and re-enter the beltway just east of Odessa. Finally, a northwestern spur near the Suncoast Parkway would connect to Alt. US 19 in northern Pinellas County.

</doc>
<doc id="6978589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978589" title="An socach">
An socach



</doc>
<doc id="6978593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978593" title="Beagle Terrier">
Beagle Terrier

The Beagle A.61 Terrier is a British single-engined monoplane built by Beagle Aircraft.
Development.
The Auster Aircraft Company purchased a large number of former British Army Auster aircraft during the late 1950s. These were Auster AOP.6, T.7 and T.10 aircraft which were updated and modified with de Havilland Gipsy Major 10-1-1 engines. Initially two versions were offered for sale in the civilian market from 1960:
In 1962 the Beagle A.61 Terrier 2 was introduced with a greater span tailplane, wheel spats and a metal propeller.
The Terrier was not an economic success for the manufacturer as it was found that more man-hours were spent on rebuilding each aircraft after its military use than were spent in building the new aircraft for the Army. It was also out-dated as, by 1961, most competing manufacturers were introducing new designs which were all-metal, with tricycle undercarriages and powered by more modern engines such as Lycoming or Continental (e.g. the Cessna 150 and the Piper Cherokee). However the Terrier has found many adherents among vintage light aircraft owner pilots. Examples of the type were purchased by owners in the United Kingdom, Eire, Germany, Netherlands, New Zealand and Sweden. 23 Terriers were registered in the UK in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="6978594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978594" title="Shetland football team">
Shetland football team

The Shetland football team represents the islands of Shetland, Scotland, in association football. It is not a member of FIFA or UEFA and is therefore not eligible to enter the World Cup or the European Championships. The team regularly competes in the Island Games, which it won in 2005, and has a strong rivalry with the representative team of Orkney. This representative team should not be confused with Shetland FC, which was formed as a separate entity to compete during the mainland's winter season cup competitions - despite being separate entities, the teams share management staff and squad of players.
Venues.
Shetland normally play their home matches at Gilbertson Park (capacity unknown, highest attendance approximately 5,000, sometimes referred to as "the Gibbie") in Lerwick. Some matches, particularly friendlies, are occasionally played elsewhere, often at Seafield (Lerwick) or Harbison Park (Whalsay). They sometimes go on tour to play pre-season friendlies against Highland League clubs in July.
Competitions.
Beginning in 1929, Shetland played biennial matches against the Faroe Islands. These were initially played for the Adam Shield (donated by a Glasgow shipbuilding firm) and later for the North Atlantic Cup. The logistics of this required a 14-hour trip by boat trip and a week-long stay for the visiting team. The last such friendly was played in 1990, the same year that the Faroes joined UEFA.
Shetland are neither a national team nor do they participate in league competitions, so they do not have many regular games.
However, more recently, they have entered some of the cup competitions organized by the North Caledonian Football Association.
The latest most noticeable event to take place in Shetland was the 2005 Island Games: many of the group matches were played on pitches all around Shetland, and the final was at Gilbertson Park.
2005 Island Games.
Match: Final
Shetland Islands 2 (0) V 0 (0) Guernsey
Time: 16:00
Date: Friday 15 July 2005
Venue: Gilbertson Park
Current squad.
This is the squad that competed in the 2023 Milne Cup held in Shetland.
Goalkeepers
Andrew Goodlad (Celtic), Rory Henderson (Scalloway)
Defenders
Lorne McNiven (Whitedale), Liam Flaws (Ness Utd), Josh Carroll (Spurs), James Farmer (c) (Ness Utd), Jack Clubb (Celtic).
Midfielders
Neil Laurenson (Whalsay), Declan Adamson (Ness Utd), Calvin Leask (Thistle), Brandon McKay (Spurs), James Aitken (Celtic), Harry Thomson (Ness Utd), Ronan Grant (Spurs).
Forwards
Sam Maver (Spurs), Finn Regan (Celtic).
Coaches
Neil Fenwick (Manager), Richard Arthur (Coach), Bruce McCulloch (Coach), Craig Dinwoodie (GK Coach), Martin Leyland (Conditioning).
Tournament records.
North Atlantic Cup.
"Note: 2 points for a win era."
Milne Cup.
"Including Kirkwall vs. Lerwick"

</doc>
<doc id="6978596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978596" title="Born Yesterday (1993 film)">
Born Yesterday (1993 film)

Born Yesterday is a 1993 American comedy film based on the play of the same name by Garson Kanin. It stars Melanie Griffith, John Goodman, and Don Johnson. It was adapted by Douglas McGrath and directed by Luis Mandoki.
It is a remake of the 1950 film of the same name that starred Broderick Crawford, Judy Holliday (in an Oscar-winning performance), and William Holden.
Plot.
Businessman Harry takes his girlfriend Billie to elite parties with politicians. Billie's background as a showgirl makes her uncultured, and she innocently makes socially inept remarks on political issues. Harry thinks she can be taught, so he hires a reporter Paul to show her the ropes.
While educating Billie, Paul kisses her, but Harry doesn't suspect anything. Paul teaches Billie a few sentences to make her appear intelligent, and she impresses people at a party. Harry congratulates Paul for Billie's improvement, but Billie feels like a ventriloquist dummy. Paul slowly falls in love with Billie.
Harry routinely asks Billie to sign some papers, creating companies in her name, which she is unaware of. After studying with Paul, Billie starts to read the documents Harry offers her to sign. This makes Harry angry and he slaps her, but she signs them anyway. Harry also shouts at a senator, incurring the disapproval of Billie.
Billie goes to Paul thinking she may have signed illegal documents. She helps Paul break into Harry's safe and steal the documents. Paul skims through the papers and learns that all the companies are in Billie's name. He also finds evidence of Harry illegally bribing senators.
Meanwhile, Harry is shopping for a wedding ring, and comes to the hotel room with flowers, and proposes to Billie, but she rejects his proposal. Harry then goes to look at the documents in his safe, but finds them missing. Billie reveals that Paul took the documents to publish in his paper. Paul arrives and kisses Billie, who declares that she wants to marry Paul.
She tells Harry that she will return his companies back to him at the rate of one a year. She also urges him to get back the bribe money from the senators and wind up his illegal business activities.
Reception.
Reviews to "Born Yesterday" were mostly negative. On Rotten Tomatoes the film holds an approval rating of 25% based on 28 reviews, with an average rating of 4.1/10. The site's critics consensus reads: "Not even Melanie Griffith's charisma can inject fresh energy into this ill-conceived remake, which awkwardly retreads through the classic original's story without any of its charm." Audiences surveyed by CinemaScore gave the film a grade of "B+" on scale of A+ to F.
Melanie Griffith was nominated for the 1993 Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actress for her performance in the film, where she lost to Madonna for her work in "Body of Evidence".

</doc>
<doc id="6978597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978597" title="Tulips (Minotaur Shock Remix)">
Tulips (Minotaur Shock Remix)



</doc>
<doc id="6978600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978600" title="Androcles and the Lion (1952 film)">
Androcles and the Lion (1952 film)

Androcles and the Lion is a 1952 RKO film produced by Gabriel Pascal from the 1912 George Bernard Shaw play of the same name. It was Pascal's last film, made two years after the death of Shaw, his long-standing friend and mentor, and two years before Pascal's own death.
Plot.
Androcles, a gentle Christian tailor, is on the run from his Roman persecutors, accompanied by his nagging wife Megaera. While they are hiding in the forest, a Barbary lion approaches them. Megaera swoons, but tender-hearted Androcles sees that a large thorn is deeply embedded in the lion's paw; he draws it out while soothing the beast with baby-talk. While Androcles and the lion—whom he names Tommy—are becoming best buddies, his wife escapes, and when soldiers come upon Androcles and Tommy wrestling playfully, he is accused of sorcery.
Androcles is next seen in a procession of Christian prisoners on their way to the Colosseum in Rome. They are joined by the fierce recent Christian convert Ferrovius, who subsequently provides much of the comic relief in his struggle to keep his bellicose nature in check. Love interest is provided by the growing attraction between the Roman Captain and the nobly born Christian convert Lavinia.
Eventually the party is sent into the arena to be slaughtered, but when Ferrovius demonstrates his powers of conversion—and kills all of the gladiators—Antoninus Caesar declares that all his subjects should become Christians and offers him a commission in the Praetorian Guards. Ferrovius accepts. To appease the crowd, it is necessary to choose one Christian to be savaged by a lion, and Androcles volunteers "to uphold the honour of the tailors." It turns out that the lion is the one that Androcles helped in the forest, and the two waltz round the arena to the delight of the audience. The Emperor dashes behind the scenes to get a closer look and has to be rescued from the lion by Androcles. He then orders an end to the persecution of Christians and allows Androcles and his new 'pet' to depart in peace.
Cast.
Note that the opening sequence of the film places it during the time of Emperor Antoninus Pius, but the character is only addressed as "Caesar" during the film, as that was the formal way of addressing Roman Emperors.
Production.
Harpo Marx was originally signed to play Androcles, and after the first five weeks of shooting, Pascal was thrilled with the results, but Howard Hughes, who had seen Young on TV, hired him for the lead, and Harpo was replaced. George Sanders was meant to play Caesar but was unable to get out of another commitment. José Ferrer was mentioned for the part of Androcles.
Under Pascal's contract with George Bernard Shaw, the film had to include at least 75% of Shaw's original dialogue in the screenplay. This was not a problem for this particular play since the play was short; indeed, material had to be added.
Victor Mature had a contract with RKO to make one film a year, but this film, while released by RKO, was produced by GB Productions.
Filming began 13 August 1951.
When it opened in American cinemas nobody laughed, so Hughes withdrew the film and shot two weeks of new sequences. In 1987, Alan Young recalled: "He put in girls with gauze and a real lion, and it became a blood-and-guts film."

</doc>
<doc id="6978601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978601" title="Marlene Graham">
Marlene Graham

Marlene Graham (born May 31, 1953) is a judge and a former provincial level politician from Alberta, Canada. She served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1997 until 2004.
Political career.
Graham was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta in the 1997 Alberta general election as a Progressive Conservative member for Calgary-Lougheed. She served 2 terms as MLA and resigned in 2004. During her time in office she did a lot of work revising the Alberta Family Law system.
After leaving politics, she was appointed as a provincial judge.

</doc>
<doc id="6978604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978604" title="Anthony Gonzalez (politician)">
Anthony Gonzalez (politician)

Anthony E. Gonzalez (born September 18, 1984) is an American politician and former professional football player. He served as the U.S. representative for from 2019 to 2023.
He played college football for the Ohio State Buckeyes, where he studied philosophy. He was selected by the Indianapolis Colts with the final pick in the first round of the 2007 NFL draft. Following his sports career, which was cut short by injuries, he enrolled in graduate studies at Stanford University and earned a master's degree.
Gonzalez was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives on November 6, 2018, sworn in on January 3, 2019, and reelected in 2020. In September 2021, Gonzalez announced he would not seek another term.
Early life.
Gonzalez's maternal grandfather was a World War II veteran. His Cuban-American father immigrated to the U.S. from Cuba after Fidel Castro took power. His father is president of Ferragon Corporation, a steel company.
Gonzalez attended St. Joseph grade school in Avon Lake, Ohio, and Saint Ignatius High School in Cleveland, Ohio, where he was a standout in both football and track. In football, he was a two-way player. As a senior, he was a first-team All-state honoree as well as the Associated Press and "The Plain Dealer" Co-defensive Player of the Year, catching 71 passes for 1,873 yards and scoring 21 touchdowns. His 26.4 yards per catch set a school record. In track, he lettered for four years and qualified for the state finals as a junior and senior. Gonzalez also played basketball as a freshman. He attended Ohio State University and was an Academic All-American majoring in philosophy, in which he earned a bachelor's degree.
Football career.
College.
Gonzalez was a three-year letterman at Ohio State University, playing with fellow future NFL wide receivers Santonio Holmes, Ted Ginn Jr., and Roy Hall, as well as Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback Troy Smith. As a junior, Gonzalez was an All-Big Ten choice by league coaches. He finished his college career playing in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game, where the Buckeyes lost to the Florida Gators 41–14.
Professional.
Indianapolis Colts.
Gonzalez was selected by the Indianapolis Colts with the 32nd selection in the 2007 NFL draft, and was taken to become the Colts' slot receiver. He was one of three Ohio State receivers selected in that draft.
In Gonzalez's first year, he caught 37 passes for 576 yards and three touchdowns. The next season he caught 57 passes for 664 yards and four touchdowns.
In 2009, Gonzalez earned the starting wide receiver position along with Reggie Wayne after Marvin Harrison was released from the team in the off-season. He injured his right knee during the season opener against Jacksonville Jaguars and was expected to miss up to eight weeks. He failed to return that season and was placed on injured reserve on December 24.
In 2010, Gonzalez lost the starting wide receiver position due to missing the 2009 season. He played in a total of two games as a slot receiver with five catches for 67 yards and no touchdowns. He injured his left leg in week eight against the Houston Texans and was placed on Injured Reserve for the rest of the year.
Gonzalez's role in the Colts offense diminished even further during the 2011 season. He played in only eight games and did not catch a pass. He became an unrestricted free agent in the following off-season.
During Gonzalez's time with Indianapolis, the Colts won three AFC South Division titles (2007, 2009, 2010), an AFC Championship (2009), and a trip to Super Bowl XLIV.
New England Patriots.
On March 17, 2012, Gonzalez signed with the New England Patriots. The Patriots released him on May 29, 2012.
Retirement.
Gonzalez decided to retire from sports and enrolled in the Stanford Graduate School of Business in September 2012, from which he received a master of business administration degree.
U.S. House of Representatives.
Elections.
2018.
In 2018, Gonzalez filed to run as a Republican for the United States House of Representatives in Ohio's 16th congressional district. His predecessor, Jim Renacci, was retiring to mount an unsuccessful Senate campaign against incumbent Sherrod Brown. Gonzalez won the November 6 election with 57% of the vote, becoming the first Latino to represent Ohio in Congress. He raised more than $525,000 in less than a month after announcing his run, including donations from former NFL teammate Peyton Manning, Cleveland Browns owner Jimmy Haslam, and several other former NFL and college football players. Along with Texas Democrat Colin Allred, he was one of two former NFL players to be elected to Congress in 2018.
2020.
Gonzalez defeated the Democratic nominee, physicist Aaron Paul Godfrey, 63.2% to 36.8%.
2022.
Gonzalez originally ran for reelection in the 16th district, prompting a primary challenge from Republicans who supported former President Donald Trump due to Gonzalez's impeachment vote. Ohio's slow population growth in the 2020 United States census made the district obsolete as of 2023, leaving the campaigns' statuses unclear. On September 16, Gonzalez announced he would not run for Congress in 2022.
Tenure.
The House of Representatives impeached President Donald Trump on December 18, 2019, claiming Trump had abused the power of his office and obstructed the will of Congress by seeking foreign aid to influence the results of the 2020 election against challenger Joe Biden. Gonzalez voted not to impeach Trump, saying there was not enough evidence.
The Senate voted mostly on party lines to acquit Trump of the charges on February 5, 2020.
Just 12 days before the end of Trump's term, the House passed a second impeachment resolution with one article claiming "incitement of insurrection", before and during the U.S. Capitol attack. Gonzalez was one of ten Republicans who voted to impeach Trump for this offense. The Senate again acquitted Trump.
Ohio Republican Party chair Bob Paduchik said the second impeachment resolution addressed "an unconstitutional, politically motivated process that served no purpose." As a result of his vote to impeach Trump, the Ohio Republican Central Committee voted to censure Gonzalez, stating that Gonzalez had "betrayed his constituents" and "relied on emotions rather than the will of his constituents and any credible facts". Gonzalez and his family received continual threats following the impeachment vote, and he took additional security measures to protect his wife and family.
On May 19, 2021, Gonzalez was one of 35 Republicans who joined all Democrats in voting to approve legislation to establish the January 6 commission meant to investigate the storming of the U.S. Capitol. In retaliation, Trump endorsed former White House aide Max Miller in the 2022 primary for the seat.
On October 21, 2021, Gonzalez was one of nine House Republicans who voted to hold Steve Bannon in contempt of Congress. On November 5, 2021, he was among the 13 House Republicans to break with their party and vote with a majority of Democrats in favor of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act.
Immigration.
Gonzalez voted for the Consolidated Appropriations Act (H.R. 1158) which effectively prohibits ICE from cooperating with Health and Human Services to detain or remove illegal alien sponsors of unaccompanied alien children (UACs).
Same-sex marriage.
On July 19, 2022, Gonzalez was one of 47 Republican Representatives to vote for the Respect for Marriage Act, which would codify the right to same-sex marriage in federal law.
Contraception.
Gonzalez voted for H.R. 8373 ("The Right to Contraception Act"), a bill designed to protect access to contraceptives and health care providers' ability to provide contraceptives and information about contraception. It would also fund Planned Parenthood.
Big Tech.
In 2022, Gonzalez was one of 39 Republicans to vote for the Merger Filing Fee Modernization Act of 2022, an antitrust package that would crack down on corporations for anti-competitive behavior.
Personal life.
Gonzalez, his wife, Elizabeth, and their two children live in Rocky River, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="6978607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978607" title="Livingroom Studios">
Livingroom Studios

Livingroom Studios is a recording studio in Oslo, Norway.
Started in 1999 by producer/songwriter Espen Berg, Livingroom Studios is one of Norway's main music studio facilities.
The studio is home to the producer/songwriter team Espen Berg and Simen Eriksrud, as well as the mix engineer George Tandero.
Clients.
The following are clients of Livingroom Studios:

</doc>
<doc id="6978614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978614" title="State Route 47 (Virginia early 1930s)">
State Route 47 (Virginia early 1930s)



</doc>
<doc id="6978624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978624" title="Ramkinkar Baij">
Ramkinkar Baij

Ramkinkar Baij ( (25 May 1906 – 2 August 1980) was an Indian sculptor and painter, one of the pioneers of modern Indian sculpture and a key figure of Contextual Modernism.
Early life and career.
Baij was born in an economically modest family in the Bankura district of the modern state of West Bengal in India. In that sense, he was a Bengali, not an Adivasi, as many people usually think. The surname Baij derived from Boidda (Baidya) and Boijo consequently. His family surname was Poramanik and was abandoned by him in early 1925. His known relatives include his nephew Dibakar Baij and great-nephew Shibaprasad Baij. Ramkinkar Baij was cremated by Dibakar at Santiniketan, and had named him one of his legal heirs. However, many of his artistic creations have been inspired by the lifestyles of rural dalit or Adivasi (Santhal) communities living in and around his place of work Santiniketan.
While in his mid-teens Ramkinkar used to paint portraits of Indian freedom fighters involved in the Non-Cooperation Movement against the British rulers of India. At the age of 16 he was noticed by the renowned journalist Ramananda Chatterjee. Four years later Ramkinkar joined the Visva-Bharati University at Santiniketan as a student of fine arts. After obtaining a diploma from the university he went on to head the sculpture department. Ramkinkar's renowned sculptor disciples include Prabhas Sen, Shankho Chowdhury, Avtar Singh Panwar, Madan Bhatnagar, Dharmani, Balbir Singh Katt, Rajul Dharial, Susan Ghose, and Kiron Sinha.
Life and work.
Professor R. Siva Kumar, an authority of the Santiniketan School of Art wrote, "Ramkinkar Baij was born on 25 May 1906 in Bankura in West Bengal, into a family of little economic and social standing, and grew, by the sheer dint of talent and determination, into one of the most distinguished early modernists in Indian art. As a young boy, he grew up watching local craftsmen and image-makers at work; and making small clay figures and paintings with whatever came his way. His talent, prodigious for his age, attracted the attention of local people, especially of the nationalists with whom he was associated. This led him in 1925, on the advice of Ramananda Chatterjee the nationalist publisher and apologist for the new Indian art movement, to mark his way to Kala Bhavana, the art school at Santiniketan. At Santiniketan, under the guidance of Nandalal Bose and encouraged by its liberating intellectual environment, shaped by Rabindranath Tagore, his artistic skills and intellectual horizons acquired new depth and complexity. Soon after completing his studies at Kala Bhavana he became a member of its faculty, and along with Nandalal and Benode Behari Mukherjee played a decisive role in making Santiniketan the most important centre for modern art in pre-Independence India.
Santiniketan was conceived as a locus for artistic experimentation and resurgence rather than as a mere centre for imparting training and knowledge. This allowed talented individuals to add social dimension and give public expression to their personal vision. Ramkinkar used this opportunity to make monumental public sculpture, undertaken entirely at his own initiative. Beginning in early thirties he began to fill the campus with sculptures, one after the other, which were innovative in subject matter and personal in style. His first magnum opus in this genre was the Santal Family done in 1938. In this larger than life sculpture he represented the tribal peasants of the region, giving the figures iconic presence and dignified grace that was so far limited to the images of Gods and Rulers. In a country where all public art-work was undertaken only at the behest of Government commissioning and executed in consonance with the taste of conservative ruling elites, this was a radical departure. The use of cement and laterite mortar to model the figures, and the use of a personal style in which modern western and Indian pre-classical sculptural values were brought together was equally radical. With this seminal work Ramkinkar established himself as undoubted modern Indian sculptor.
Ramkinkar was singularly reticent and otherworldly as he was single-minded in his commitment to art and humanity. But this did not stop his work from being noticed and appreciated by sensitive artists and connoisseurs, even if it were to remain a small group. Although his work was passed over for quite a while, gradually it began to get both national and international attention. He was invited to participate in the Salon des Salon des Réalités Nouvelles in 1950 and in the Salon de Mai 1951. And in the seventies national honours began to come his way one after the other. In 1970 the Government of India honoured him with the Padma Bhushan, in 1976 he was made a fellow of the Lalit Kala Akademi, in 1976 he was conferred the Desikottama by Visva Bharati, and in 1979 an honorary D.Litt. by the Rabindra Bharati University.
Yaksha-Yakshi at Reserve Bank of India.
In the early independent India, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, the Prime Minister, suggested that public buildings, many of which were large imposing structures, could be utilized to ‘encourage Indian artists to function in 'some way’ and sculptors, painters, designers, etc. could be asked to cooperate. He made a committee to perform the selection of artists.
Amongst other schemes, the Committee recommended that sculptures could be erected on either side of the main entrance of the RBI office at New Delhi, one depicting the idea of "prosperity through industry" and the other "prosperity through agriculture". At the instance of J.R.D.Tata, the then Director of the Central Board, the views of Carl Khandalawalla were sought. Carl suggested that the Bank could consider having figures of "Yaksha" and "Yakshini" on the two sides. On his advice, the invitation to tender for the adornment of the frontage of the New Delhi Office was extended to the nine artists.
Out of the nine artists invited, five submitted their proposals and amongst them only one submitted models and sketches. The proposal of Shri Ram Kinkar Baij was accepted. The art form of the male ‘Yaksha’ was drawn from the statue of the ‘Parkham Yaksha’ in the Mathura Museum and Yakshini was derived from “Bisnagar Yakshini” from the Calcutta Museum."‘That must have been 1954. I don’t remember it correctly. I received a letter to send a model for a sculpture to be placed at the Reserve Bank. Off I sent a three-foot maquette.’‘The first task was to search for the stone. I went out searching. We found it in Kangra valley’s Baijnath, on the way to Kullu. Sandstone – Shivalik sandstone. Quite to my liking.’" -BaijSomendranath Bandyopadhyay's book 'My days with Ramkinkar Baij' (translated into English by Bhaswati Ghosh) mentions the above and the following quotes:"‘You might have noticed that I’ve placed a discus in my sculpture’s hand. That was my idea. Addition. It’s a modern-day machine and is symbolic of industry. I got the idea for the flower and paddy cluster in Yakshi’s hand from the old statues. You know what Yaksha held in the ancient statues? A mallet. And a bag in the left hand. I have placed that too. Money bag. My Yaksha is completely modern – with a machine and a money bag. And is it possible to have the money bag and not have a fat belly? Yakshas do have protruding bellies, my dear. You must have seen ancient Yaksha statues. My Yaksha has it too.’" -Baij
Controversy.
A bronze bust of Rabindranath Tagore made by Baij was placed in 1984 at an outdoor monument in Balatonfüred, Hungary, on a promenade named for Tagore alongside Lake Balaton. Tagore had received cardiac treatment at the (Szívkórház) at Balatonfüred in 1926.
The National Gallery of Modern Art (NGMA) in New Delhi has the original concrete casting of the bust, from which the bronze bust was prepared, and dates the original to 1940, one year before Tagore's death. Apparently Tagore did not die "right after" the bust was completed.
When West Bengal Culture Minister Jatin Chakraborty unveiled Ramkinkar's bust of Tagore in Hungary, he had remarked that it did not "look" like Tagore, and should probably be replaced. When people like Satyajit Ray swiftly responded, the matter was laid to rest".
A differing view holds that many prominent persons including Maitreyi Devi (poet and novelist) supported Chakraborty, and that later the effort to replace the bust was cancelled by then cultural minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee.
The once controversial bust has been replicated by the Indian government and given by it to a number of foreign countries including Colombia, Finland and Israel.
Some time between 2003 and 2009, the outdoor sculpture at Balatonfüred was replaced with a different appearing bust of Tagore, and the original bust by Baij was moved to room 220 of the State Hospital for Cardiology in Balatonfüred, which is the same room where Rabindranath Tagore had stayed in 1926.
Legacy.
Ritwik Ghatak wisely made a documentary on Baij named 'Ramkinkar' (1975) where he featured him as a political icon. The secret behind this fearless observation of this "Padma Bhushan" winning artist is disclosed by himself in the documentary by Ghatak. A Calcutta publisher, Monfakira has an English book on ramkinkar, 'self-portrait', translated from Bengali by Sudipto Chakraborty of Ranchi. In 2012 the Sculptor K.S. Radhakrishnan curated a grand retrospective Of Ramkinkar's at the National Gallery of Modern Art, Delhi. A scholarly book on the artist, Ramkinkar Baij (book), by the eminent Art Historian professor R. Siva Kumar was launched at this event. The book is believed to be the most comprehensive one on Ramkinkar Baij. In 2013 R. Siva Kumar was awarded by the Paschimbanga Bangla Akademi for this book. 24 January 2013 the first Ramkinkar Baij Memorial Lecture was delivered by one of Ramkinkar favorite students, the eminent artist K. G. Subramanyan.
In media.
Ramkinkar Baij (1975) is an incomplete personality study or documentary by Ritwik Ghatak. The film remained unfinished due to the death of Ritwik Ghatak.
Samaresh Basu's unfinished novel Dekhi Nai Phire (I did not look back), cut short by the author's death, is also a classic piece based on Ramkinkar's life.
Asur (2020), a Bengali movie starring Jeet, Abir Chatterjee and Nusrat Jahan directed by Pavel, is a small tribute to him.

</doc>
<doc id="6978627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978627" title="Crofthouse">
Crofthouse



</doc>
<doc id="6978644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978644" title="1977 in the United Kingdom">
1977 in the United Kingdom

Events from the year 1977 in the United Kingdom. This year was the Silver Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II.

</doc>
<doc id="6978651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978651" title="Language Arts (album)">
Language Arts (album)



</doc>
<doc id="6978660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978660" title="MINPACK">
MINPACK

MINPACK is a library of Fortran subroutines for the solving of systems of nonlinear equations, or the least-squares minimization of the residual of a set of linear or nonlinear equations.
MINPACK, along with other similar libraries such as LINPACK and EISPACK, originated from the Mathematics and Computer Science Division Software (MCS) of Argonne National Laboratory. Written by Jorge Moré, Burt Garbow, and Ken Hillstrom, MINPACK is free and designed to be highly portable, robust and reliable. The quality of its implementation of the Levenberg–Marquardt algorithm is attested by Dennis and Schnabel.
Five algorithmic paths each include a core subroutine and a driver routine. The algorithms proceed either from an analytic specification of the Jacobian matrix or directly from the problem functions. The paths include facilities for systems of equations with a banded Jacobian matrix, for least-squares problems with a large amount of data, and for checking the consistency of the Jacobian matrix with the functions.

</doc>
<doc id="6978668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978668" title="Summerbreeze">
Summerbreeze

Summerbreeze is a dance mix compilation produced by trance artist DJ Tiësto, released on 10 October 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="6978669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978669" title="Chinese Paladin (TV series)">
Chinese Paladin (TV series)

Chinese Paladin () is a 2005 Chinese fantasy television series adapted from the popular Taiwanese adventure role-playing video game "The Legend of Sword and Fairy" by Softstar Entertainment. The series was produced by Tangren Media and Chinese Entertainment Shanghai and starred cast members from Mainland China, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Singapore. It was first broadcast in January 2005 on CTV and CBG in Taiwan and Mainland China respectively. The drama was hugely popular in China and achieved high ratings of 2.7.

</doc>
<doc id="6978672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978672" title="Comparability graph">
Comparability graph

In graph theory and order theory, a comparability graph is an undirected graph that connects pairs of elements that are comparable to each other in a partial order. Comparability graphs have also been called transitively orientable graphs, partially orderable graphs, containment graphs, and divisor graphs.
An incomparability graph is an undirected graph that connects pairs of elements that are not comparable to each other in a partial order.
Definitions and characterization.
For any strict partially ordered set , the comparability graph of is the graph of which the vertices are the elements of and the edges are those pairs of elements such that . That is, for a partially ordered set, take the directed acyclic graph, apply transitive closure, and remove orientation.
Equivalently, a comparability graph is a graph that has a transitive orientation, an assignment of directions to the edges of the graph (i.e. an orientation of the graph) such that the adjacency relation of the resulting directed graph is transitive: whenever there exist directed edges and , there must exist an edge .
One can represent any finite partial order as a family of sets, such that in the partial order whenever the set corresponding to is a subset of the set corresponding to . In this way, comparability graphs can be shown to be equivalent to containment graphs of set families; that is, a graph with a vertex for each set in the family and an edge between two sets whenever one is a subset of the other.
Alternatively, one can represent the partial order by a family of integers, such that whenever the integer corresponding to is a divisor of the integer corresponding to . Because of this construction, comparability graphs have also been called divisor graphs.
Comparability graphs can be characterized as the graphs such that, for every "generalized cycle" (see below) of odd length, one can find an edge connecting two vertices that are at distance two in the cycle. Such an edge is called a "triangular chord". In this context, a generalized cycle is defined to be a closed walk that uses each edge of the graph at most once in each direction. Comparability graphs can also be characterized by a list of forbidden induced subgraphs.
Relation to other graph families.
Every complete graph is a comparability graph, the comparability graph of a total order. All acyclic orientations of a complete graph are transitive. Every bipartite graph is also a comparability graph. Orienting the edges of a bipartite graph from one side of the bipartition to the other results in a transitive orientation, corresponding to a partial order of height two. As observes, every comparability graph that is neither complete nor bipartite has a skew partition.
The complement of any interval graph is a comparability graph. The comparability relation is called an interval order. Interval graphs are exactly the graphs that are chordal and that have comparability graph complements.
A permutation graph is a containment graph on a set of intervals. Therefore, permutation graphs are another subclass of comparability graphs.
The trivially perfect graphs are the comparability graphs of rooted trees.
Cographs can be characterized as the comparability graphs of series-parallel partial orders; thus, cographs are also comparability graphs.
Threshold graphs are another special kind of comparability graph.
Every comparability graph is perfect. The perfection of comparability graphs is Mirsky's theorem, and the perfection of their complements is Dilworth's theorem; these facts, together with the perfect graph theorem can be used to prove Dilworth's theorem from Mirsky's theorem or vice versa. More specifically, comparability graphs are perfectly orderable graphs, a subclass of perfect graphs: a greedy coloring algorithm for a topological ordering of a transitive orientation of the graph will optimally color them.
The complement of every comparability graph is a string graph.
Algorithms.
A transitive orientation of a graph, if it exists, can be found in linear time. However, the algorithm for doing so will assign orientations to the edges of any graph, so to complete the task of testing whether a graph is a comparability graph, one must test whether the resulting orientation is transitive, a problem provably equivalent in complexity to matrix multiplication.
Because comparability graphs are perfect, many problems that are hard on more general classes of graphs, including graph coloring and the independent set problem, can be solved in polynomial time for comparability graphs.

</doc>
<doc id="6978675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978675" title="Aaron Duran">
Aaron Duran

Aaron Duran (born 1976 in Susanville, California) is an American writer and media producer in Portland, Oregon, of Mexican and Italian descent. Duran currently hosts the weekly podcast "Geek in the City Radio" (FKA "Film Fever Radio"), with Denise Espinosa and Kabel Hashitani; serves as webmaster of GeekInTheCity.com, is an occasional guest on the daily podcast "Funemployment Radio.com", and was a regular guest on the "Cort and Fatboy Shows" and "The Rick Emerson Show". He also served as a producer for the paranormal talk show "Ground Zero Radio with Clyde Lewis".
Geek in the City.
Duran was a frequent caller to the "Rick Emerson Show", while working for the city. Eventually, he acquired the nickname 'Geek in the City', which he latched onto and began to identify himself as. He began a geek orientated website soon after with the same moniker. In 2006, he connected with Scott Daly of "Film Fever Radio", a local podcast and former Cable Access program, as a producer and co-host. Over the ensuing 3 years, the show expanded and began to try to move out of just review of films, but found the name as a hindrance. At which point, the show was rebranded "Geek in the City: Radio". Over time more members of the Portland Geek Community began to contribute to the show, at one point reaching 8 regular hosts. Around 2015, several hosts began to step away, and Daly retired from the show. Duran enlisted the help of Kabel Hashitani to continue the show, whose acerbic wit was a welcome addition to the show. Portland newcomer Denise Espinosa also joined the show, and began a deep dive into the geek culture that she was interested in, but was only tangentially aware.
Boo Yah Awards.
From 2008 to 2012, Duran and Daly organized an awards show/listener party for "Geek in the City: Radio" fans. It would include categories similar to the Academy Awards, but with some more geeky interpretations. The events were held at local Portland businesses, and were often well attended for a podcast event, with listeners from all across North America (and a few from Europe), coming to partake in the camaraderie. Due to logistical challenges, the show was cancelled in 2013, and has not yet returned.
Writing.
La Brujeria.
Upset with the current state of comics, Aaron began working on his own comic in 2007. He was able to locate an artist in 2009 and a letterer in 2010 and began self publication in January 2011. At present, the comic is available in many comic stores in Portland and online at "Geek in the City.com". "La Brujeria"'s plot involves a Mexican American woman named Althalia, gifted with powers from her ancestors, joining a paranormal investigation company based in Portland. The comic draws on Duran's heritage, adoration for comics such as Hell Boy and love of Portland.
The Forgotten Tyrs.
In 2015, Duran published his first novel "Welcome to the Grizzlydale" part of a planned series of novels called "The Forgotten Tyrs". Many of the elements of the novels are taken from his childhood in Susanville, and the stories and legends that he grew up with. The second novel "Rise of the First City" was published in 2017. There is at least one more novel planned.
Rename42nd.org.
Duran organized a failed effort in 2008 to rename Portland's "42nd Avenue" to "Douglas Adams Boulevard" in honor of science fiction author Douglas Adams.

</doc>
<doc id="6978679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978679" title="Igor Anton">
Igor Anton



</doc>
<doc id="6978681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978681" title="Dan Burbank">
Dan Burbank



</doc>
<doc id="6978690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978690" title="Androcles and the Lion (disambiguation)">
Androcles and the Lion (disambiguation)

Androcles and the Lion is a folktale.
Androcles and the Lion may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6978695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978695" title="Edmond Pottier">
Edmond Pottier

Edmond François Paul Pottier (13 August 1855, Saarbrücken – 4 July 1934, Paris) was an art historian and archaeologist who was instrumental in establishing the Corpus vasorum antiquorum. He was a pioneering scholar in the study of Ancient Greek pottery.
He was born in Saarbrücken, Rhineland. The son of a civil engineer he won a place at the Lycée Condorcet and went on to study at the École Normale Supérieure and the École d'Athènes. His thesis was on the subject of the chronology of Athenian archons. It was during his tenure as a curator at the Louvre that he organised the first meeting of the Union Académique Internationale aimed at establishing the complete corpus of Greek vases held in the national collections of every nation in 1919, the "Corpus vasorum antiquorum". He produced the first fascicule for the Louvre in 1922.
Under the pseudonym Jacques Morel his wife was a writer who won the 1912 Prix Femina with the book "Feuilles mortes".
Published works.
In 1908 his book on the vase painter Douris, "Douris et les peintres des vases grecs", was translated into English and published as "Douris and the painters of Greek vases". Other noteworthy works by Pottier include:

</doc>
<doc id="6978696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978696" title="Albert Kotin">
Albert Kotin

Albert Kotin (August 7, 1907 – February 6, 1980) belonged to the early generation of New York School Abstract Expressionist artists whose artistic innovation by the 1950s had been recognized across the Atlantic, including in Paris. The New York School Abstract Expressionism, represented by Jackson Pollock, Willem de Kooning, Franz Kline, and others became a leading art movement of the post-World War II era.
Biography.
Albert Kotin was born August 7, 1907, in Minsk, Russian Empire and emigrated to the US in 1908. He became a US citizen in 1923.
Kotin studied: (1924–1929) at the National Academy of Design, New York City; with Charles Hawthorne, Provincetown, Massachusetts; (1929–32) at the Académie Julian, the Académie de la Grande Chaumière and at the Atelier de Fresque and the Académie Colarossi, Paris, France;
(1947–1951) at The Art Students League of New York, New York City; under the GI Bill he went to study with Hans Hofmann in Provincetown and in New York City.
He participated in the Federal Art Project: Public Works of Art Project (PWAP) (1933–34) and Works Progress Administration/Federal Art Project (WPA/FAP) (1935–40). 
Kotin won competitions that were funded through commissions under the Treasury Department's Section of Painting and Sculpture (later known as The Section of Fine Arts) in Ada, Ohio, and in Arlington, New Jersey. He completed two WPA murals, "The City" and "The Marsh" for the Kearney, New Jersey, post office in 1938.
Kotin served in the U.S. Army military service during World War II (1941–1945).
After the war Kotin found a studio on 10th Street. He soon joined the "Downtown Group" which represented a group of artists who found studios in lower Manhattan in the area bounded by 8th and 12th street between First and Sixth Avenues during the late 1940s and early 1950s. These artists were called the "Downtown Group" as opposed to the "Uptown Group" established during the war at The Art of This Century Gallery. 
In 1949 Kotin joined the "Artists' Club" located at 39 East 8th Street.
Albert Kotin was chosen by his fellow artists to show in the Ninth Street Show held on May 21 – June 10, 1951. 
The show was located at 60 East 9th Street on the first floor and the basement of a building which was about to be demolished. 
"The artists celebrated not only the appearance of the dealers, collectors and museum people on the 9th Street, and the consequent exposure of their work but they celebrated the creation and the strength of a living community of significant dimensions."
Kotin participated in all the invitational New York Painting and Sculpture Annuals. The first annual in 1951 was called the Ninth Street Show. From 1953 to 1957 the invitational New York Painting and Sculpture Annuals were held in the Stable Gallery on West 58th Street in New York City. He was among the 24 out of a total 256 New York School artists who was included in all the Annuals. These Annuals were important because the participants were chosen by the artists themselves.
Harold Rosenberg, New York art critic listed Albert Kotin among the "Tenth Street Artists: Individuals Prevail over the Group:" Kotin was exhibited by the Anita Shapolsky Gallery in New York City, McCormick Gallery, and Robert Miller Gallery-New York.
Kotin was also a poet who inspired his fellow artists. Alexander Calder wrote in 1968, "As long as there are people such as Al Kotin, there is no danger to art."
Kotin died on February 6, 1980, in New York City from lung cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="6978702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978702" title="Avraham Gumbiner">
Avraham Gumbiner



</doc>
<doc id="6978713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978713" title="Clli code">
Clli code



</doc>
<doc id="6978716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978716" title="Abraham Gumbiner">
Abraham Gumbiner



</doc>
<doc id="6978718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978718" title="The Letters of Oscar Wilde">
The Letters of Oscar Wilde

The Complete Letters of Oscar Wilde is a book that contains over a thousand pages of letters written by Oscar Wilde. Wilde's letters were first published as The Letters of Oscar Wilde in 1963, edited by Rupert Hart-Davis and published by his publishing firm.
Merlin Holland revised the book and included new discoveries in a new edition: "The Complete Letters of Oscar Wilde" by Merlin Holland &amp; Rupert Hart-Davis. It was published in 2000 by Henry Holt and Company LLC, New York () and Fourth Estate, London ().
Merlin Holland, Oscar Wilde's grandson, provides an introduction to the work which describes the purpose of publishing Oscar Wilde's letters. The book contains a timeline of Oscar Wilde's life, includes some of his drawings and his famous letter to his lover, Lord Alfred Douglas, known as "De Profundis". Expurgated editions of "De Profundis" had been published by Wilde's literary executor Robbie Ross from 1905, but the 1962 edition published by Rupert Hart-Davis was the first full and correct version, made from the original manuscript in the British Museum.
Purpose of the book.
The interest of the book is that Wilde's letters become the "autobiography that he never wrote" (Holland, xiii). In addition, Holland asserts (from the introduction (xiii)):
Now, a hundred years after his death, to read his letters, particularly those written to intimate friends without thought of publication, is as close as we shall come to the magic of hearing him in person.
Here, Holland is referring to Wilde's legendary conversational skills, which have only been partially preserved in the published letters.
The letters give an insight to Oscar Wilde's character, his sense of humor and his great affection and love for many people.

</doc>
<doc id="6978722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978722" title="Igor Antón Hernández">
Igor Antón Hernández



</doc>
<doc id="6978723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978723" title="Freedmen's Bureau bills">
Freedmen's Bureau bills

The Freedmen's Bureau bills provided legislative authorization for the Freedmen's Bureau (formally known as the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen and Abandoned Lands), which was set up by U.S. President Abraham Lincoln in 1865 as part of the United States Army. Following the original bill in 1865, subsequent bills sought to extend its authority and lifespan. Andrew Johnson tried to derail the bill's intention to aid freed slaves during his presidency.
By 1869 Southern Democrats in Congress had deprived the Bureau of most of its funding, and as a result it had to cut much of its staff. By 1870 the Bureau had been weakened further due to the rise of Ku Klux Klan (KKK) violence across the South; members of the KKK and other terrorist organizations, attacked both blacks and sympathetic white Republicans, including teachers. Northern Democrats also opposed the Bureau's work, painting it as a program that would make African Americans "lazy". In 1872, the political will to extend the Bureau's life had diminished to the point that Congress abruptly abandoned the program, refusing to approve renewal legislation.
The various bills.
The Freedmen's Bureau was created in 1865 during the Lincoln administration, by an act of Congress called the Freedman's Bureau Bill. It was passed on March 3, 1865, in order to aid former slaves through food and housing, oversight, education, health care, and employment contracts with private landowners.
A follow-up Freedmen's Bureau Bill was vetoed by U.S. President Andrew Johnson on February 19, 1866, and Congress failed to override that veto on the following day.
That failed 1866 Freedmen's Bureau bill was closely related to the Civil Rights Act of 1866. On March 9, 1866, Congressman John Bingham explained that, "the seventh and eighth sections of the Freedmen's Bureau bill enumerate the same rights and all the rights and privileges that are enumerated in the first section of this [the Civil Rights] bill."
On May 29, 1866, the House passed a further Freedmen's Bureau Bill, and on June 26, 1866, the Senate passed an amended version. On July 3, 1866, both chambers passed a conference committee's compromise version.
On July 16, 1866, Congress received another presidential veto message, which Congress overrode later that day. This congressional action extended the Freedmen's Bureau, increased antipathy between President Johnson and Radical Republicans in Congress, and was a major factor during Reconstruction. The Freedmen's Bureau bill that passed in 1866 provided many additional rights to ex-slaves, including the distribution of land, schools for their children, and military courts to ensure these rights. The Freedmen's Bureau Act gave ex-slaves "any of the civil rights or immunities belonging to white persons, including the right to...inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold and convey real and personal property, and to have full and equal benefit of all laws and proceedings for the security of person and estate, including the constitutional right of bearing arms." This bill passed both House and Senate and they overrode the president's veto. This was in response to the Southern Black Codes &amp; the KKK and other groups who were taking guns away from freedmen.
In July 1868, Congress voted to again extend the Freedmen's Bureau, but a couple weeks later decided to limit its functions to processing claims and supporting education. Four years later, in June 1872, Congress voted to completely shut down the Freedmen's Bureau by the end of that month.

</doc>
<doc id="6978730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978730" title="Igor Anton Hernandez">
Igor Anton Hernandez



</doc>
<doc id="6978731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978731" title="Resident Evil (Wii)">
Resident Evil (Wii)



</doc>
<doc id="6978735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978735" title="An Socach (Glen Ey)">
An Socach (Glen Ey)

An Socach is a Scottish mountain situated some three miles (5 km) west of the A93 road from Perth to Braemar. It is located at grid ref. 080800 on Ordnance Survey sheet 43. The summit altitude is 944 m (3,097 ft). The name may derive from the Gaelic "Soc", meaning the snout or beak, leading to the projecting place by analogy with the shape of a snout. Other sources state that it in fact means 'the sow'.
The hill has an elongated, round form, and the Munro bagger is advised that the highest top is in fact at its western end and is not the 938 m (3,077 ft) eastern summit as shown on certain OS maps. The hill may be climbed from Glen Ey to the north or from the top of the Glenshee Ski Centre to the east. The Glenshee route involves a descent into Baddoch Burn, and so more climbing is required than the Glen Ey route, which is longer.

</doc>
<doc id="6978737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978737" title="Belisario Betancur Cuartas">
Belisario Betancur Cuartas



</doc>
<doc id="6978741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978741" title="Thomas Spring Rice, 1st Baron Monteagle">
Thomas Spring Rice, 1st Baron Monteagle



</doc>
<doc id="6978756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978756" title="Mininova.org">
Mininova.org



</doc>
<doc id="6978757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978757" title="McKeever and the Colonel">
McKeever and the Colonel

McKeever and the Colonel is an American sitcom that was broadcast on NBC from September 23, 1962 to June 16, 1963 on Sunday nights at 6:30 P.M. Eastern Time. Its setting was a fictional military academy known as Westfield. Dick Powell's Four Star Television produced the series.
Synopsis.
Gary McKeever (played by Scott Lane) was the lead character, a likable but mischievous cadet. He often found himself in trouble with the camp commandant, the pompous Colonel Harvey T. Blackwell (played by character actor Allyn Joslyn). Jackie Coogan played Sgt. Barnes, a down-to-earth school staffer who was more sympathetic to McKeever. The program also starred Elisabeth Fraser as the school nurse Miss Warner, character actor John McGiver as well as child actor John Eimen as Monk.
Other media.
Dell Comics published three issues of a "McKeever and the Colonel" comic book.
Milton Bradley came out with a "Bamboozle" board game based on the series.
Halco Toys, a division of the J. Halpern Company issued a tie-in set containing a belt with canteen, toy automatic pistol, holster and hand grenade.

</doc>
<doc id="6978762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978762" title="Judaism and islam">
Judaism and islam



</doc>
<doc id="6978763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978763" title="MiniNova.org">
MiniNova.org



</doc>
<doc id="6978766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978766" title="Sallust (disambiguation)">
Sallust (disambiguation)

The names Sallustius/Saloustios and their vernacular variants Sallust(e) have been borne by many people:

</doc>
<doc id="6978767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978767" title="Islam and judaism">
Islam and judaism



</doc>
<doc id="6978769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978769" title="Grizano">
Grizano

Grizano () is a village in the Trikala regional unit, Greece, part of the Farkadona municipality. In 2021 its population was 1,192. Grizano is located on the edge of the Thessalian Plain, north of Farkadona town, and east of the city of Trikala. With most of Thessaly, it joined Greece in 1881.
History.
One of the largest inland castles built in Greece is the castle of Grizano, that is located on a hill north east of the village. The castle was built during the Middle Ages but the exact date is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="6978779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978779" title="Saloustios">
Saloustios



</doc>
<doc id="6978783" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978783" title="Sallustius (disambiguation)">
Sallustius (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6978788" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978788" title="Norifusa Mita">
Norifusa Mita

 is a Japanese manga artist. He is best known for "Dragon Zakura" for which he received the 29th Kodansha Manga Award. "Dragon Zakura" has been adapted to live-action television series in Japan and South Korea, its spin-off series "Angel Bank" received live-action television adaptation as well. 
His manga "Investor Z" was adapted into live-action television series in 2018 and "The Great War of Archimedes" was adapted into a film in 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="6978789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978789" title="Clash of Steel">
Clash of Steel

Clash of Steel is a grand strategy computer game released in 1993 by Strategic Simulations for MS-DOS.
Gameplay.
It covers World War II in Europe on a grand strategic scale between 1939 and 1945. Three major powers are playable: Germany (Axis), the Allies and the Soviet Union. In the game each player in charge of his chosen major power and its land, air and naval forces. Each player also controls production and research of military equipment.
This game contains a number of bugs that were fixed in the follow-up game, "Clash of Steel: Future Edition". Buyers of the original version were given a discount when upgrading to "Future Edition."
Reception.
"Computer Gaming World" in 1993 stated that "Clash of Steel" was reminiscent of "Hitler's War" and "a gamer's game—quick-playing, entertaining and reasonably accurate. An entire campaign ... can be played in as few as six hours". It concluded that ""COS" should not be missed." A survey of wargames by the magazine gave "Clash of Steel" four-plus stars out of five, calling it "strategic and eminently playable ... everything that "Storm Across Europe" should have been and wasn't".
"Clash of Steel" won "Computer Gaming World"s Wargame of the Year award in June 1994. The editors wrote, "Everything is accessible, useful and enjoyable in this well-conceived design". Elsewhere in the issue, the magazine stated that "Although "Clash" has its share of flaws, it won our award based upon its most important underlying virtue: the fun factor", describing it as a "game-about history" and not "history-in-a-game" and comparing it to "The Russian Campaign".

</doc>
<doc id="6978790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978790" title="Virginia State Route 14">
Virginia State Route 14

State Route 14 (SR 14) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. The state highway runs from U.S. Route 360 (US 360) in St. Stephens Church east to a cul-de-sac in Bayside. SR 14 is the primary highway of King and Queen and Mathews counties and the main east–west highway of Gloucester County; the highway connects the namesake county seats of all three counties.
Route description.
SR 14 begins at an intersection with US 360 (Richmond–Tappahannock Highway) in St. Stephens Church. The roadway continues on the north side of the intersection as SR 721 (Newtown Road), the old route of SR 14 that continues northwest to near Bowling Green. SR 14 heads southeast as The Trail, a winding highway with multiple right-angle turns that serves as the primary north–south highway of King and Queen County. The state highway passes through the hamlets of Bruington, Henleys Fork, Stevensville, Cumnor on its way to the county seat of King and Queen Court House, which contains the county offices and the county's only high school. SR 14 continues southeast through the small communities of Truhart, Little Plymouth, Shanghai, and Elsom to its junction with SR 33 (Lewis Puller Memorial Highway) in Shacklefords.
SR 14 and SR 33 run concurrently along the four-lane divided highway named for the decorated U.S. Marine Chesty Puller east to Shacklefords Fork, where SR 14 heads southeast along Buena Vista Road. After passing through Cologne and Plain View, the state highway veers east and crosses the Poropotank River into Gloucester County. SR 14 continues east a short distance as Adner Road to Adner, where the state highway turns southeast onto US 17 (George Washington Memorial Highway). SR 14 and US 17 follow the four-lane divided highway southeast to Gloucester Courthouse, where US 17 bypasses the county seat on its way to Yorktown. SR 14 and US 17 Business head east on Main Street, along which the highways pass through a roundabout surrounding the county courthouse.
At the east end of Gloucester Courthouse, SR 14 turns north onto John Clayton Memorial Highway, a four-lane divided highway. The intersection where SR 14 diverges from US 17 Business is also the eastern terminus of SR 3. SR 14 and SR 3 head north then curve east to cross Burke Mill Stream into Mathews County. Just east of the stream at Fort Nonsense, SR 3 turns north onto Windsor Road to head for Middlesex County and the Northern Neck. SR 14 reduces to two lanes and heads through Foster before reaching a junction with SR 198 (Buckley Hall Road) just south of Hudgins. The state highways run concurrently south to the village of Mathews, where SR 198 veers east as Buckley Hall Road toward Moon. SR 14 turns south to pass through the county seat as Main Street, then becomes John Clayton Memorial Highway again as it continues in the direction of New Point Comfort, the point of land on the north side of the entrance of the York River to the Chesapeake Bay. In the hamlet of Bavon, SR 600 (Point Road) continues east toward New Point Comfort Natural Area Preserve while SR 14 turns south toward Bayside. The state highway turns west, then north, to a cul-de-sac at Bayside Wharf on Davis Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="6978791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978791" title="Bay Area Science Fiction Association">
Bay Area Science Fiction Association

Bay Area Science Fiction Association (BASFA) is a science fiction fandom social club. The organization was founded after a committee meeting for the SiliCon science fiction convention in 1991 by several Bay Area convention organizers (SMOFs) looking for a reason to meet other than at committee meetings. The club has met weekly since 1991, at various locations in the southern portion of the San Francisco Bay Area.
Organization.
BASFA has an elected president, vice-president, treasurer, and secretary, who serve until a new election is called or until that official has missed thirteen consecutive meetings. Terms of service often last several years uninterrupted.
The club's activities revolve mainly around social meetings held at a restaurant in the San Francisco Bay Area (Silicon Valley). Meetings themselves involve recreational parliamentary procedure, including official reports, announcements of upcoming events, reviews of books and movies of genre interest, and a meeting-ending "rumor of the week". These, along with the designation of the previous meeting's minutes, tend to be hotly contested battles involving members buying votes. The minutes of BASFA are published in the online magazine "Science Fiction/San Francisco".
BASFA contributes yearly lists of recommendations for the Hugo Awards and has hosted appearances by authors such as Tad Williams. The association also regularly runs parties at local and international science fiction conventions. BASFA has been listed in the "Locus Magazine" online portal since 2002.
BASFA's main sources of income are auctions of donated material and taxation of puns. The club has a "Numismatic Responsibility Act" that taxes members for the making of puns and for erratic marksmanship when paying said taxes.

</doc>
<doc id="6978793" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978793" title="State Route 600 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 600 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6978794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978794" title="State Route 291 (Virginia pre-1928)">
State Route 291 (Virginia pre-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="6978796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978796" title="State Route 29 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 29 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6978798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978798" title="State Route 600 (Virginia 1928-1933)">
State Route 600 (Virginia 1928-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6978800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978800" title="Norifusa mita">
Norifusa mita



</doc>
<doc id="6978805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978805" title="State Route 291 (Virginia 1923-1928)">
State Route 291 (Virginia 1923-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="6978808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978808" title="C-70">
C-70



</doc>
<doc id="6978812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978812" title="State Route 600 (Virginia 1928)">
State Route 600 (Virginia 1928)



</doc>
<doc id="6978815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978815" title="Bayes estimator">
Bayes estimator

In estimation theory and decision theory, a Bayes estimator or a Bayes action is an estimator or decision rule that minimizes the posterior expected value of a loss function (i.e., the posterior expected loss). Equivalently, it maximizes the posterior expectation of a utility function. An alternative way of formulating an estimator within Bayesian statistics is maximum a posteriori estimation.
Definition.
Suppose an unknown parameter formula_1 is known to have a prior distribution formula_2. Let formula_3 be an estimator of formula_1 (based on some measurements "x"), and let formula_5 be a loss function, such as squared error. The Bayes risk of formula_6 is defined as formula_7, where the expectation is taken over the probability distribution of formula_1: this defines the risk function as a function of formula_6. An estimator formula_6 is said to be a "Bayes estimator" if it minimizes the Bayes risk among all estimators. Equivalently, the estimator which minimizes the posterior expected loss formula_11 "for each formula_12 " also minimizes the Bayes risk and therefore is a Bayes estimator.
If the prior is improper then an estimator which minimizes the posterior expected loss "for each formula_12" is called a generalized Bayes estimator.
Examples.
Minimum mean square error estimation.
The most common risk function used for Bayesian estimation is the mean square error (MSE), also called "squared error risk". The MSE is defined by
where the expectation is taken over the joint distribution of formula_1 and formula_12.
Posterior mean.
Using the MSE as risk, the Bayes estimate of the unknown parameter is simply the mean of the posterior distribution,
This is known as the "minimum mean square error" (MMSE) estimator.
Bayes estimators for conjugate priors.
If there is no inherent reason to prefer one prior probability distribution over another, a conjugate prior is sometimes chosen for simplicity. A conjugate prior is defined as a prior distribution belonging to some parametric family, for which the resulting posterior distribution also belongs to the same family. This is an important property, since the Bayes estimator, as well as its statistical properties (variance, confidence interval, etc.), can all be derived from the posterior distribution.
Conjugate priors are especially useful for sequential estimation, where the posterior of the current measurement is used as the prior in the next measurement. In sequential estimation, unless a conjugate prior is used, the posterior distribution typically becomes more complex with each added measurement, and the Bayes estimator cannot usually be calculated without resorting to numerical methods.
Following are some examples of conjugate priors.
Alternative risk functions.
Risk functions are chosen depending on how one measures the distance between the estimate and the unknown parameter. The MSE is the most common risk function in use, primarily due to its simplicity. However, alternative risk functions are also occasionally used. The following are several examples of such alternatives. We denote the posterior generalized distribution function by formula_30.
Posterior median and other quantiles.
A "linear" loss function, with formula_31, which yields the posterior median as the Bayes' estimate:
Another "linear" loss function, which assigns different "weights" formula_34 to over or sub estimation. It yields a quantile from the posterior distribution, and is a generalization of the previous loss function:
Posterior mode.
The following loss function is trickier: it yields either the posterior mode, or a point close to it depending on the curvature and properties of the posterior distribution. Small values of the parameter formula_37 are recommended, in order to use the mode as an approximation (formula_38):
Lp Estimators.
One can also consider formula_40 risk for which the loss is given by
While optimal formula_42 estimators can be difficult to characterize in closed-form, they do share many similar properties to those in formula_43 case.
Other loss functions can be conceived, although the mean squared error is the most widely used and validated. Other loss functions are used in statistics, particularly in robust statistics.
Generalized Bayes estimators.
The prior distribution formula_44 has thus far been assumed to be a true probability distribution, in that
However, occasionally this can be a restrictive requirement. For example, there is no distribution (covering the set, R, of all real numbers) for which every real number is equally likely. Yet, in some sense, such a "distribution" seems like a natural choice for a non-informative prior, i.e., a prior distribution which does not imply a preference for any particular value of the unknown parameter. One can still define a function formula_46, but this would not be a proper probability distribution since it has infinite mass,
Such measures formula_48, which are not probability distributions, are referred to as improper priors.
The use of an improper prior means that the Bayes risk is undefined (since the prior is not a probability distribution and we cannot take an expectation under it). As a consequence, it is no longer meaningful to speak of a Bayes estimator that minimizes the Bayes risk. Nevertheless, in many cases, one can define the posterior distribution
This is a definition, and not an application of Bayes' theorem, since Bayes' theorem can only be applied when all distributions are proper. However, it is not uncommon for the resulting "posterior" to be a valid probability distribution. In this case, the posterior expected loss
is typically well-defined and finite. Recall that, for a proper prior, the Bayes estimator minimizes the posterior expected loss. When the prior is improper, an estimator which minimizes the posterior expected loss is referred to as a generalized Bayes estimator.
Example.
A typical example is estimation of a location parameter with a loss function of the type formula_51. Here formula_1 is a location parameter, i.e., formula_53.
It is common to use the improper prior formula_54 in this case, especially when no other more subjective information is available. This yields
so the posterior expected loss 
The generalized Bayes estimator is the value formula_57 that minimizes this expression for a given formula_12. This is equivalent to minimizing
In this case it can be shown that the generalized Bayes estimator has the form formula_61, for some constant formula_62. To see this, let formula_62 be the value minimizing (1) when formula_64. Then, given a different value formula_65, we must minimize
This is identical to (1), except that formula_67 has been replaced by formula_68. Thus, the expression minimizing is given by formula_69, so that the optimal estimator has the form
Empirical Bayes estimators.
A Bayes estimator derived through the empirical Bayes method is called an empirical Bayes estimator. Empirical Bayes methods enable the use of auxiliary empirical data, from observations of related parameters, in the development of a Bayes estimator. This is done under the assumption that the estimated parameters are obtained from a common prior. For example, if independent observations of different parameters are performed, then the estimation performance of a particular parameter can sometimes be improved by using data from other observations.
There are both parametric and non-parametric approaches to empirical Bayes estimation.
Example.
The following is a simple example of parametric empirical Bayes estimation. Given past observations formula_71 having conditional distribution formula_72, one is interested in estimating formula_73 based on formula_74. Assume that the formula_75's have a common prior formula_2 which depends on unknown parameters. For example, suppose that formula_2 is normal with unknown mean formula_78 and variance formula_79 We can then use the past observations to determine the mean and variance of formula_2 in the following way.
First, we estimate the mean formula_81 and variance formula_82 of the marginal distribution of formula_83 using the maximum likelihood approach:
Next, we use the law of total expectation to compute formula_86 and the law of total variance to compute formula_87 such that
where formula_90 and formula_91 are the moments of the conditional distribution formula_72, which are assumed to be known. In particular, suppose that formula_93 and that formula_94; we then have
Finally, we obtain the estimated moments of the prior,
For example, if formula_99, and if we assume a normal prior (which is a conjugate prior in this case), we conclude that formula_100, from which the Bayes estimator of formula_73 based on formula_74 can be calculated.
Properties.
Admissibility.
Bayes rules having finite Bayes risk are typically admissible. The following are some specific examples of admissibility theorems.
By contrast, generalized Bayes rules often have undefined Bayes risk in the case of improper priors. These rules are often inadmissible and the verification of their admissibility can be difficult. For example, the generalized Bayes estimator of a location parameter θ based on Gaussian samples (described in the "Generalized Bayes estimator" section above) is inadmissible for formula_103; this is known as Stein's phenomenon.
Asymptotic efficiency.
Let θ be an unknown random variable, and suppose that formula_104 are iid samples with density formula_105. Let formula_106 be a sequence of Bayes estimators of θ based on an increasing number of measurements. We are interested in analyzing the asymptotic performance of this sequence of estimators, i.e., the performance of formula_107 for large "n".
To this end, it is customary to regard θ as a deterministic parameter whose true value is formula_108. Under specific conditions, for large samples (large values of "n"), the posterior density of θ is approximately normal. In other words, for large "n", the effect of the prior probability on the posterior is negligible. Moreover, if δ is the Bayes estimator under MSE risk, then it is asymptotically unbiased and it converges in distribution to the normal distribution:
where "I"(θ0) is the Fisher information of θ0.
It follows that the Bayes estimator δ"n" under MSE is asymptotically efficient.
Another estimator which is asymptotically normal and efficient is the maximum likelihood estimator (MLE). The relations between the maximum likelihood and Bayes estimators can be shown in the following simple example.
Example: estimating "p" in a binomial distribution.
Consider the estimator of θ based on binomial sample "x"~b(θ,"n") where θ denotes the probability for success. Assuming θ is distributed according to the conjugate prior, which in this case is the Beta distribution B("a","b"), the posterior distribution is known to be B(a+x,b+n-x). Thus, the Bayes estimator under MSE is
The MLE in this case is x/n and so we get,
The last equation implies that, for "n" → ∞, the Bayes estimator (in the described problem) is close to the MLE.
On the other hand, when "n" is small, the prior information is still relevant to the decision problem and affects the estimate. To see the relative weight of the prior information, assume that "a"="b"; in this case each measurement brings in 1 new bit of information; the formula above shows that the prior information has the same weight as "a+b" bits of the new information. In applications, one often knows very little about fine details of the prior distribution; in particular, there is no reason to assume that it coincides with B("a","b") exactly. In such a case, one possible interpretation of this calculation is: "there is a non-pathological prior distribution with the mean value 0.5 and the standard deviation "d" which gives the weight of prior information equal to 1/(4"d"2)-1 bits of new information."
Another example of the same phenomena is the case when the prior estimate and a measurement are normally distributed. If the prior is centered at "B" with deviation Σ, and the measurement is centered at "b" with deviation σ, then the posterior is centered at formula_112, with weights in this weighted average being α=σ², β=Σ². Moreover, the squared posterior deviation is Σ²+σ². In other words, the prior is combined with the measurement in "exactly" the same way as if it were an extra measurement to take into account.
For example, if Σ=σ/2, then the deviation of 4 measurements combined matches the deviation of the prior (assuming that errors of measurements are independent). And the weights α,β in the formula for posterior match this: the weight of the prior is 4 times the weight of the measurement. Combining this prior with "n" measurements with average "v" results in the posterior centered at formula_113; in particular, the prior plays the same role as 4 measurements made in advance. In general, the prior has the weight of (σ/Σ)² measurements.
Compare to the example of binomial distribution: there the prior has the weight of (σ/Σ)²−1 measurements. One can see that the exact weight does depend on the details of the distribution, but when σ≫Σ, the difference becomes small.
Practical example of Bayes estimators.
The Internet Movie Database uses a formula for calculating and comparing the ratings of films by its users, including their Top Rated 250 Titles which is claimed to give "a true Bayesian estimate". The following Bayesian formula was initially used to calculate a weighted average score for the Top 250, though the formula has since changed:
where:
Note that "W" is just the weighted arithmetic mean of "R" and "C" with weight vector "(v, m)". As the number of ratings surpasses "m", the confidence of the average rating surpasses the confidence of the mean vote for all films (C), and the weighted bayesian rating (W) approaches a straight average (R). The closer "v" (the number of ratings for the film) is to zero, the closer "W" is to "C", where W is the weighted rating and C is the average rating of all films. So, in simpler terms, the fewer ratings/votes cast for a film, the more that film's Weighted Rating will skew towards the average across all films, while films with many ratings/votes will have a rating approaching its pure arithmetic average rating.
IMDb's approach ensures that a film with only a few ratings, all at 10, would not rank above "the Godfather", for example, with a 9.2 average from over 500,000 ratings.

</doc>
<doc id="6978817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978817" title="State Route 291 (Virginia 1923)">
State Route 291 (Virginia 1923)



</doc>
<doc id="6978819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978819" title="Bayes risk">
Bayes risk



</doc>
<doc id="6978820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978820" title="MSI Barcode">
MSI Barcode

MSI (also known as Modified Plessey) is a barcode symbology developed by the MSI Data Corporation, based on the original Plessey Code symbology. It is a continuous symbology that is not self-checking. MSI is used primarily for inventory control, marking storage containers and shelves in warehouse environments.
Character set and binary lookup.
The MSI bar code represents only digits 0–9; it does not support letters or symbols.
Each digit is converted to 4 binary-coded decimal bits. Then a 1 bit is prepended and two 0 bits are appended.
Finally, each bit is printed as a bar/space pair totalling three modules wide. A 0 bit is represented as 1/3 bar followed by 2/3 space, while a 1 bit is represented as 2/3 bar followed by 1/3 space.
Binary mapping.
Each digit and guard character is represented by a binary number, as shown in the table below.
To produce a barcode image from this map, one simply must consider the digit 1 to be a black bar and the digit 0 to be a white bar and produce an image accordingly.
Check digit calculation.
The MSI barcode uses one of five possible schemes for calculating a check digit:
Mod 10 Check Digit.
When using the Mod 10 check digit algorithm, a string to be encoded 1234567 will be printed with a check digit of 4:
 12345674
The Mod 10 check digit algorithm
uses the Luhn algorithm.
Mod 11 Check Digit.
1. Reverse the string to be encoded (in this case 1234567).
 Let S be the reverse of the string to be encoded
 S = 7654321
2. The string is then "weighted" using a repeating weighting factor pattern. There are two modulo 11 algorithms which use different repeated weighting factor patterns: the IBM algorithm which uses (2,3,4,5,6,7), and the NCR algorithm which uses (2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9). Get the sum of the string by looping through each character and multiply it by a weight from 2 to 7 (IBM) or 2 to 9 (NCR) depending on its position. If the weight's value exceeds the highest number (7 or 9), reset the weight back to 2.
 This example is using the IBM modulo 11 algorithm with a weighting pattern of (2,3,4,5,6,7)
 Let X = the final product of the string to encode.
 X = 7 * 2
 X = 6 * 3
 X = 5 * 4
 X = 4 * 5
 X = 3 * 6
 X = 2 * 7
 X = 1 * 2
 X = 14 + 18 + 20 + 20 + 18 + 14 + 2
 X = 106
3. Mod the sum by 11, subtract the result from 11, and then apply the mod 11 function again.
 Let C equal the check digit.
 C = (11 - (X mod 11)) mod 11
 C = (11 - (106 mod 11)) mod 11
 C = (11 - 7) mod 11
 C = 4 mod 11
 C = 4
The check digit is 4.
Mod 1010 check digit.
Simply calculate the Mod 10 check digit the first time and then calculate it again with the previous result and append the result of the second Mod 10 Calculation to the string to be encoded.
Mod 1110 check digit.
Same as Mod 1010 but the first calculation should be a Mod 11 Check digit.
Example.
As an example, we will generate an MSI barcode for the number sequence 1234567 using the most common Mod 10 check digit methodology.
The check digit (as calculated above) for this sequence is 4.
Once you have calculated your check digit, simply map each character in the string to be encoded using the table above as a reference to get the binary map of the bar code; remember to precede the code with "start" and to end it with "stop" For example, to map the string 1234567 with a Mod 10 check digit it would produce the following binary map:
This results in the following barcode:

</doc>
<doc id="6978821" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978821" title="State Route 14 (Virginia 1933)">
State Route 14 (Virginia 1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6978826" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978826" title="State Route 14 (Virginia)">
State Route 14 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6978829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978829" title="Route 14 (Virginia)">
Route 14 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6978830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978830" title="Virginia State Highway 14">
Virginia State Highway 14



</doc>
<doc id="6978834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978834" title="18 Heads Roll By">
18 Heads Roll By



</doc>
<doc id="6978838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978838" title="Maryland Interscholastic Athletic Association">
Maryland Interscholastic Athletic Association

The Maryland Interscholastic Athletic Association (M.I.A.A.) is a boys' sports conference for private high schools generally located in the Baltimore metropolitan area but extending to various other regions, including the state's mostly rural Eastern Shore. The M.I.A.A. has 27 member schools and offers competition in 17 sports. In most sports, it offers multiple levels of competition, including Varsity, Junior Varsity, and Freshmen-Sophomore teams, and the conference is broken down by separate leagues in each. In addition, members are sorted in accordance with continual performance; categories include 'A', 'B', or 'C' Conferences. Teams of the Association (League) may move up or down according to their performance spanning over the course of a year or so to maintain the competition at appropriate levels. Such levels vary for each sport; a school with a "B-Conference" lacrosse team can have an "A-Conference" soccer team: it all depends on the athletic performance of that particular sport.
Seven members of the M.I.A.A. (along with non-MIAA member St. Maria Goretti) also form the Baltimore Catholic League in boys basketball. In addition, many of the same schools compete in the simultaneously organized, all-female "Interscholastic Athletic Association of Maryland" in various girls' sports, together with the all-female schools of the same region.
Sports.
"Fall"
"Winter"
"Spring"
History.
Formed in 1994, the M.I.A.A., was the successor organization for boys to the former Maryland Scholastic Association, formed in 1919, through the leadership of Dr. Phillip H. Edwards.
In 2010, MIAA commissioner Rick Diggs said that a proposed merger with the Washington Catholic Athletic Conference would not be merging for football.

</doc>
<doc id="6978849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978849" title="State Route 29 (Virginia 1923)">
State Route 29 (Virginia 1923)



</doc>
<doc id="6978853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978853" title="Uht milk">
Uht milk



</doc>
<doc id="6978855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978855" title="State Route 29 (Virginia 1923-1933)">
State Route 29 (Virginia 1923-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6978856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978856" title="Limin Markopoulou">
Limin Markopoulou



</doc>
<doc id="6978857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978857" title="Scotchland">
Scotchland



</doc>
<doc id="6978858" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978858" title="Meaning (House)">
Meaning (House)



</doc>
<doc id="6978863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978863" title="Bayes estimation">
Bayes estimation



</doc>
<doc id="6978866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978866" title="Sharam Tayebi">
Sharam Tayebi



</doc>
<doc id="6978868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978868" title="Geep">
Geep

Geep or geeps may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6978870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978870" title="Ashes to Embers">
Ashes to Embers



</doc>
<doc id="6978874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978874" title="I'm Not a Waif">
I'm Not a Waif



</doc>
<doc id="6978878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978878" title="Quotations From Chairman Mao Zedong">
Quotations From Chairman Mao Zedong



</doc>
<doc id="6978880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978880" title="Moricambe Bay">
Moricambe Bay

Moricambe Bay is an inlet of the Solway Firth in Cumbria (before 1974 in Cumberland) in north west England, created by the confluence of two rivers, the Waver and Wampool. To the south is the town of Silloth, and to the north the Anthorn radio station near Cardurnock.

</doc>
<doc id="6978883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978883" title="Chips (hot food)">
Chips (hot food)



</doc>
<doc id="6978893" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978893" title="Gloucester, VA">
Gloucester, VA



</doc>
<doc id="6978896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978896" title="Adrian M. Fenty">
Adrian M. Fenty



</doc>
<doc id="6978899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978899" title="R1 expressway (Slovakia)">
R1 expressway (Slovakia)

R1 is an expressway () in Slovakia, which begins near Trnava (planned to begin near Bratislava) and ends in Ružomberok. The R1 passes Sereď, Nitra, Zlaté Moravce, Hronský Beňadik, Nová Baňa, Žarnovica, Žiar nad Hronom, Zvolen and Banská Bystrica. The former partial designation of this route was D65.
Currently, continuous section between Trnava and bypass of Banská Bystrica is in operation. A linking section to Ružomberok and consequently back to motorway D1 has been planned since 2008. Both sections, Nitra - Hronský Beňadik and bypass of Banská Bystrica, were built, and are operated as a public-private partnership project.
Chronology.
Construction of the R1 expressway began in the 1970s. The long Šášovské Podhradie - Budča was built in the 1980s. The section Sereď - Pata was built only in a half profile so in the mid-1990, the upgrade to a four-lane road began. The entire long section from Trnava to Sereď was completely opened on 15 July 2000.
Žarnovica – Šášovské Podhradie; the section forming the Žarnovica bypass was built in two stages. The first one with the length of was built between 2008 and 2010, and the second stage was built between 2008 and 2011, with its length totalling at .
Public private partnership project (PPP).
A long section Nitra - Tekovské Nemce was financed by a PPP project. EUR 130 million was paid by the Slovak state to Granvia for the maintenance of the road in addition to the construction itself.
Granvia built three separate sections, which have been under construction since 2009 and were handed over for use on 28 October 2011. The first section; long between Nitra–západ – Selenec, for which the planned cost from 2007 was EUR 196 million (5 billion CZK) with financing from the Structural Fund, the state budget and the resources of the National Motorway Company.
Completed at the same time was the long section connecting Nitra and Beladice, and the long section between Beladice – Tekovské Nemce which connects to the R1 at Zlaté Moravce.
Future development.
A long section in Banská Bystrica is under construction, and is planned to open in 2026. The remaining between the R1 in Banská Bystrica and the D1 is not included in the construction plan until 2028.

</doc>
<doc id="6978919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978919" title="Sverre Engen">
Sverre Engen

Sverre S. Engen (January 28, 1911 – April 4, 2001) was a Norwegian-American skier, ski coach, ski area manager, and film-maker.
Biography.
Engen was born in the town of Mjøndalen, in Buskerud county, Norway, the second son of Trond Sorli Engen and Martha Maranda Oen Engen. He had two brothers, Alf Engen (1909–1997) and Corey Engen (1916–2006), both of whom helped expand the sport of skiing in the intermountain U.S. Being the second son of a famous skiing father, Engen was naturally reared to ski. After his father died of the Spanish flu in 1918, his mother and brothers moved the short distance to small town Steinberg. At age 18, Sverre and older brother Alf (age 20) emigrated to the United States in 1929, first settling in Chicago, then relocating to Salt Lake City, Utah in 1931. Their widowed mother Martha and younger brother Corey (age 17) emigrated in 1933, joining Alf and Sverre in Utah.
Sverre Engen brought credit to Utah as a national ski jumping champion, ski resort operator and consultant, student of avalanche control, and as a pioneer of ski patrol work. His exploits include serving as Alta ski school director and as the first manager of the then-new Rustler Lodge at Alta, after being the first snow ranger at the resort in 1940. He helped build ski jumps named Ecker Hill, Parleys Canyon; Becker Hill, Ogden Canyon; and Landes Hill at Alta. Alta's Rustler Lodge was built by Sverre Engen and Howard Stillwell; opened in 1947, it was constructed on the site where the Alta General Store once stood.
Sverre was inducted into the National Ski Hall of Fame in 1971 for his "tremendous contribution to the growth of the sport of skiing." Among his credits is that of being coach of the University of Utah ski team when it won its first national collegiate championship in 1947. He also produced a series of skiing related films.
The Engen brothers helped to popularize skiing in the West, primarily in Utah and Idaho. All three are enshrined in multiple halls of fame, such as the National Ski Hall of Fame in Ishpeming. Sverre Engen died in 2001 at the age of 90. His older brother Alf died at age 88 in 1997, and younger brother Corey died in 2006 at age 90.

</doc>
<doc id="6978922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978922" title="DJMax Portable">
DJMax Portable

DJMax Portable (Korean: 디제이맥스 포터블, "dijeimaegseu poteobeul"; abbr.: DMP) is a music video game developed by Korean game maker Pentavision for the PlayStation Portable. It is a sequel to "DJMax Online", a web-based music mixing game for Windows.
Game modes.
There are five modes where you play through four courses with increasing difficulty. Rookie DJing mode uses the four basic buttons, Pro DJing uses six and Master DJing uses eight buttons.
Club DJing plays pre-made course of different songs. The player can play through four songs which are related based on either musical genre or theme of the songs.
Freestyle consists of all button modes and allow unlimited combos. In this mode, you can play in either of the three different button modes and play the songs without restrictions. Effectors can change the speed of the game and faders, among other things. There is also a special harder mode depending on the button mode you are in.
Music.
"DJMax Portable" largely features songs from "DJMax Online". Soundtrack mostly consists of experimental electronic music but songs from more mainstream genres such as drum and bass and rhythm and blues are also featured through the course of the game.
International version.
Shortly after the release of "DJMax Portable", the "DJMax Portable International Version" ("DJMAX Portable", "DMPi") was released. The way to tell if the game is the original or International is that the International Version is the small letter "I" in the upper right corner of the logo. It allows the ability to play in one of three languages (including English) and a few changes.

</doc>
<doc id="6978933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978933" title="Tunnels of San Antonio">
Tunnels of San Antonio

The tunnels of San Antonio are located in the province of Luya, Peru. They are rocky formations like natural bridges placed over San Antonio river.
An archaeological cave painting was documented in 1986 in the place of San Antonio (Luya), by one of the Antisuyo expeditions organized by the Amazon Archaeology Institute. It is constituted in the first sample of authentic cave painting detected in the Amazonian Andes and, in general, in the Peruvian mountain range.
It is not a question, in effect, of a rock painting but of a painting executed on a wall. Also its lines are very different from the typical ones used by rock art; what can be realized by the high grade of naturalism with which the personages' faces were painted.
The cave painting of San Antonio was not seen by the experts who went along formerly along the place, as Langlois or the archaeologists Reichlen. This is not only because they passed through San Antonio hurriedly, but because all the paintings are only perceptible clearly at certain hours of the day, when the sunlight does not illuminate them directly. In spite of everything, the San Antonio's cave paintings, although they remained completely undiscovered, were already known since older times by the people from this region; the first references were received by Carlos Torres Mas and Carlos Gates.
Even without them, the Antisuyo expedition/86 would have stumbled over the mural, because they had programmed a systematical prospect of San Antonio and an execution of topographic raisings in this important architectural set. The mural was investigated thoroughly: traced, photographed and documented in video, in 1986 and then in 1987 by the same expedition.
San Antonio's cave paintings are affected by time. Nevertheless, it is possible to perceive the main part of the represented scene, as well as also the details of the principal images that integrate it. The scene is painted inside a curved wall. The lines were achieved basically with ochre–red, applied on a rendered layer, white, which covers the stucco of the carefully smoothed yellowish clay.
The painted wall is a part of what, perhaps from its origin was only a wall of ceremonial character in the shape of a semicircle. Judging by the still preserved sector, this wall reached more than 4,80 m high and had more than 9,60 m long. The painting covers the whole wall horizontally in its lower sector. This way, the personages move across a surface of 9,60 m. They have a regular height: between 1,10 and 1,40 m. The wall is opened opposite the caves of existing sarcofagi in the hill that raises to the other side of the gorge, some of these are still untouched by man due to the difficulty of the access that the ravine presents. It is considered that it is not fortuitous the fact that the wall has been painted opposite the stack in which the sarcofagi were located.
The painting seems to represent a ritual or magic dance staged by five mixed couples. Against this assumption, it might be argued that the personages do not show any movement. They appear to be stood up and in front of each other. But it is symptomatic that the couples are holding hands.
In one of the ends of the described scene, there are, additionally, a conglomerate of figures that are projected upward by more than 2 m. Its precarious state of conservation prevents a global identification of the represented motives. It is only possible to realize, clearly, some of the details. This sector does not present the arranging in which the personages are executed. And although it is less spoilt, it conserve, nevertheless, parts in which color has scarcely suffered the pass of time.
Men differ because their pompous hairstyle, imitating apparently the horn of deer. Some of the women exhibit a type of hairstyle that reminds the one used by some feminine figures presented in Pajatén: composed by two oblique segments that the author has interpreted as symbolic wings. In the generality of the figures, the bodies and faces treatment is simple, with a tendency to the schematic.
Men's face, in a special way the one that corresponds to that of the second couple counting from the left side, shows a high grade of improving speaking of its execution due to the realism and the expressiveness that he exhibits. In this case, the artist presented the personage's face looking lightly to one side, but with the frontal eyes. It's a whole artistic prowess, if it is not the result of purely chance lines. The personage 's visage produces stupor and astonishment in whom they contemplate it, because of the pupils that look fixedly like auscultating the mental intimacies of the spectator.

</doc>
<doc id="6978935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978935" title="Turk-Sib">
Turk-Sib



</doc>
<doc id="6978936" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978936" title="TurkSib">
TurkSib



</doc>
<doc id="6978941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978941" title="Tayberry">
Tayberry

The tayberry ("Rubus fruticosus" × "R. idaeus") is a cultivated shrub in the genus "Rubus" of the family Rosaceae patented in 1979 as a cross between a blackberry and a red raspberry, and named after the River Tay in Scotland.
The fruit is sweeter, much larger, and more aromatic than that of the loganberry, itself a blackberry and red raspberry cross. The tayberry is grown for its edible fruits which can be eaten raw or cooked, but the fruit do not pick easily by hand and cannot be machine harvested, so they have not become a commercially grown berry crop. As a domestic crop, this plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Description.
The mature tayberry fruitreddish-purple when ripeis cone-shaped, and can be up to long. Similar to the blackberry, the receptacle (the "core") remains in the berry when it is picked. The plant has a growth habit similar to that of the blackberry. Fruits grow on short laterals on prickly canes long. The cropping period is long, from early mid- to late-summer.
Having a strong flavor, the tayberry is less acidic than the loganberry.
Taxonomy.
The tayberry was patented by Derek L. Jennings of Dundee, Scotland. It was intended to be an improvement on the loganberry, which is a chance hexaploid hybrid that received four copies of the blackberry genome and two copies of the raspberry genome. Jennings aimed to replicate the loganberry's ancestry but with improved blackberry and raspberry parents, starting with the American 'Aurora' blackberry which was superior to the Aughinbaugh’s blackberry that was one of the parents of the loganberry. After 5 years of effort, he developed a suitable raspberry and crossed it with the 'Aurora' blackberry. The tayberry was named after the river Tay in Scotland and released in 1979 by the Scottish Horticultural Research Institute, Invergowrie, Scotland.
Habitat.
The tayberry will grow reasonably well in many soils. Tayberries produce the most berries when in full sun and in well-drained soil with a high amount of organic materials. Supporting the canes is not crucial, but it will help prevent diseases by improving the air flow between branches. Tayberries should be ready to harvest in early July, depending on the type. Frost is rarely a problem, as tayberries flower late in the season; plants need protection below . Like many plant hybrids, tayberries show good disease resistance, and the plant has been shown to be resistant to late yellow rust.
Tayberries are propagated by planting canes; the recommended time is mid-October, though any time up to mid-March may work if soil is not frozen or waterlogged. Scientists have also demonstrated the successful cold storage of tayberry tissue cultures for maintenance of in vitro collections of plant tissues.
Uses.
The tayberry can be eaten fresh or used for making jams, pies, wine, or beer.
While it has been reported that a commercial yield up to of berries can be produced, tayberries are very soft when fully ripe, so they cannot be harvested by machine. This has hindered their success as a commercial crop. Tayberries are mainly grown by allotment holders, artisans and back garden growers.

</doc>
<doc id="6978942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978942" title="Turksib">
Turksib



</doc>
<doc id="6978946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978946" title="Turkestan-Siberian Railway">
Turkestan-Siberian Railway



</doc>
<doc id="6978949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978949" title="Cardiff Wst services">
Cardiff Wst services



</doc>
<doc id="6978953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978953" title="Beswick v Beswick">
Beswick v Beswick

 was a landmark English contract law case on privity of contract and specific performance. The House of Lords, overruling the decision of Lord Denning in the Court of Appeal, ruled that a person who was not party to a contract had no independent standing to sue to enforce it, even if the contract was clearly intended for their benefit.
Today the judicial precedent has been codified by statute in the United Kingdom, and Lord Denning's decision has largely been given effect by the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. However the case remains good law in many other Commonwealth common law jurisdictions.
Facts.
Lord Denning in the Court of Appeal started describing the facts of the case in the following way.
The agreement was that Peter assign his business to his nephew in consideration of the nephew employing him for the rest of his life and then paying a weekly annuity to Mrs Beswick. Since the latter term was for the benefit of someone not party to the contract, the nephew did not believe it was enforceable and so did not perform it, making only one payment of the agreed weekly amount of 5 pounds.
The nephew argued that as Mrs Beswick was not a party to the contract, she was not able to enforce it due to the doctrine of privity of contract.
Decision.
Court of Appeal.
Lord Denning held that Mrs Beswick was entitled to claim in her capacity as a third party intended to benefit from the contract. He said,
Danckwerts LJ and Salmon LJ concurred in the result, though not with Lord Denning's reasoning.
House of Lords.
The House of Lords disagreed with Lord Denning in the Court of Appeal, that the law allowed third parties to sue to enforce benefits under a contract. However, they held that Mrs Beswick "in her capacity as Mr Beswick's administratrix" (i.e. as the person representing someone's estate who dies without a will) could enforce the nephew's promise to pay Mrs Beswick an annuity. Furthermore, Mrs Beswick was entitled to specific performance of the contract.
Lord Reid's judgment outlined the details, with which Lords Hodson, Pearce, Upjohn and Guest concurred.
Significance.
In "Smith and Snipes Hall Farm Ltd v River Douglas Catchment Board" [1949] 2 KB 500, 514, Denning LJ had already tried to dispose of the English doctrine of privity. He had said,
In Australia, "Coulls v. Bagot's Executor and Trustee Co Ltd" (1967) 119 CLR 460 shows the approach has been similar. Here the contract was between a husband (Mr Coulls) and a company (Bagot's). Mrs Coulls was not a party to it. Even if she was, she would not be able to enforce it, as she gave no consideration. Bagots was entitled to the benefit of this contract as executor of Mr Coull's Estate.
Many people, including judges had called for statutory reform and in England this came in the form of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, which gives a general right to enforce the benefit of a contract when one was either expressly identified as being able to enforce it, or one was intended to benefit.

</doc>
<doc id="6978954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978954" title="Chris Murphy (Canadian Musician)">
Chris Murphy (Canadian Musician)



</doc>
<doc id="6978958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978958" title="The purpose of life">
The purpose of life



</doc>
<doc id="6978962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978962" title="Cardiff west services">
Cardiff west services



</doc>
<doc id="6978966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978966" title="Takahisho Kozuka">
Takahisho Kozuka



</doc>
<doc id="6978970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978970" title="The Making of Robert E. Lee">
The Making of Robert E. Lee

The Making of Robert E. Lee by Michael Fellman is a biography of the famous Confederate general. It looks mostly at his character and beliefs. It says relatively little about the details of particular battles, though it speculates about why he may have made particular choices.
Lee's origins.
Fellman describes Robert E. Lee's singular position as the son of Henry "Light Horse Harry" Lee, a hero of the American War of Independence. His relatively impoverished upbringing, after his father lost most of his fortune and suffered injuries that later killed him after being attacked by a mob in Baltimore in 1812. But how he remained part of the close-knit elite of Virginia.
Young Robert E. Lee made a great impression as a cadet at West Point. Despite his lack of wealth he married Mary Anna Randolph Custis, the great-granddaughter of Martha Washington and step-granddaughter of George Washington. And the problems he had when he had to manage her father's plantation after she inherited it. Fellman discusses the accusations made that Lee had had some runaway slaves whipped, and reckons them to be broadly true.
Fellman argued that Lee successfully modelled himself on the ideal of George Washington, achieving a very high degree of self-control according to the ideals of the southern gentry. That though Lee had reservations about slavery, he was against abolishing it and wished that all freed blacks could be sent back to Africa. Fellman also argues that Lee was out of tune with the rising tide of democracy, North and South.
Lee in the Civil War.
Military matters are dealt with in four chapters, with a fifth that discusses Lee's views on irregular warfare and guerrilla warfare. Fellman sees Lee's career as falling into three phases:
Fellman also discusses Lee's decision to limit guerilla warfare during the main conflict and his desire to avoid it after he had surrendered the main army. There was also the issue of exchanging prisoners, which broke down because Lee and other Confederate leaders considered that captured Union soldiers who had been slaves must become slaves again.
After the war.
Fellman then describes Lee's role after the war, quoting Lee as apparently hoping that the freed blacks would leave Virginia entirely and could be replaced by white immigrants. He notes that Lee never spoke out against lynchings, though as President of Washington College, he did expel students who got involved in mob violence.

</doc>
<doc id="6978974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978974" title="Toxicodendron striatum">
Toxicodendron striatum

Toxicodendron striatum (syn. "Rhus striata") is a South American poisonous tree in the family "Anacardiaceae". It is commonly called manzanillo and grows in the tropical rain forests on low elevation slopes.

</doc>
<doc id="6978981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978981" title="Dawson College Shooting">
Dawson College Shooting



</doc>
<doc id="6978994" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978994" title="Young Men and Fire">
Young Men and Fire

Young Men and Fire is a 1992 non-fiction book written by Norman Maclean. It is Maclean's story of his quest to understand the Mann Gulch fire of 1949 in Montana's Gates of the Mountains Wilderness, and how it led to the deaths of 13 wildland firefighters, 12 of them members of the USFS Smokejumpers. The book was a national bestseller and won the 1992 National Book Critics Circle Award for General Nonfiction.
Synopsis.
"Young Men and Fire" is structured in three parts. In part 1, Maclean gives a minute-by-minute account of the unusual "blowup" that trapped the Smokejumpers in Mann Gulch. Part 2 tells of Maclean's attempt to find meaning in the disaster by understanding the Smokejumpers' decisions and the fire's behavior: "If there is a story in Mann Gulch", he writes near the beginning of part 2, "it will take something of a storyteller to find it."
Central to the book is the decision by the Smokejumpers' foreman R. Wagner "Wag" Dodge to light an "escape fire" ahead of the main fire that his men were trying to outrun. Dodge survived by lying down in the ashes of his fire as the main fire passed over him. Maclean set out to learn whether some of the Smokejumpers were killed or cut off by Dodge's fire, as some of their families alleged. In part 2, Maclean returns to Mann Gulch with the two living survivors of the fire and his research assistant Laird Robinson, himself a former Smokejumper. From his observations in Mann Gulch, the testimony of witnesses, the research of fire scientists, and his imaginative reconstruction of the dead Smokejumpers' final moments, Maclean attempts to answer the question of Dodge's culpability and, more broadly, to give the Mann Gulch catastrophe the shape and consolation of tragedy. Part 3 is a short coda that one critic describes as "an imaginative funeral service and benediction".
Maclean and Robinson, in their attempt to forensically analyze the Mann Gulch Fire, bring together multiple sources, including the official report of the United States Forest Service of the fire, the testimony of the three men who fought the fire and lived, and the research and report of Robert Jansson and Harry T. Gisborne (who would suffer a fatal heart attack at Mann Gulch two months later trying to get to the bottom of the tragedy). On the day of the fire, Jansson was ranger on duty of the Helena National Forest's Canyon Ferry District, the area that included Mann Gulch. Maclean and Robinson also take Walter Rumsey and Robert Sallee, the only two living survivors of the fire team (as survivor Wag Dodge died in 1955), back to the scene of the fire in 1978, hoping that walking the ground again would help solve some of the missing pieces. Additionally, Maclean and Robinson use the modern Fire Lab and their mathematical analysis (advances in fire methodology not available in 1949), to search for answers to the fire.
With all of these pieces, several trips to Mann Gulch, and ideas exchanged between Bud Moore, Ed Heilman, Richard Rothermel, Frank Albini, and other members of the U.S. Forest Service forest fire investigators, Maclean and Robinson come to new conclusions on the fire's behavior: that the wind went in the opposite direction than was originally thought possible, and once the fire got started, it created its own unique weather system (which few thought possible before this research). 
It was always assumed that the wind was traveling south, or upstream, on the Missouri River at that time of day. Instead, they proved that the wind was traveling north, or downriver, and that the top of the ridge (which juts out as the river bends sharply to the northwest and separates Mann Gulch and Meriwether Canyon) split this downriver wind in two. These two separate smaller winds then re-converged (on the other side of the ridge) in the heart of the gulch (at right angles). This convergence combined with massive heat, produced by the fire and the hot August afternoon.
Additionally, the vegetation pattern played a part in how the fire developed and took the lives of the men. The south side of the gulch was of the mountains, with taller forested trees, but the north side of the gulch was of the plains, with smaller trees and dense grasses. This combination of contrasting vegetation, heat, air currents, and right-angle winds, would cause the fire to change direction instantly, trapping and killing most of the fire fighters in its path.
By the end of their investigation, Maclean and Robinson conclude that Dodge's escape fire was not culpable in the Smokejumpers' deaths.
Much of "Young Men and Fire" also concerns several of the individual Smokejumpers who parachuted into Mann Gulch that day, among them Henry J. Thol, Jr., who ran the furthest; Joseph B. Sylvia, whom foreman Dodge found sitting on a rock after the fire passed, soon to die of his burns; Eldon E. Diettert, the youngest, who died on his nineteenth birthday; and the three who survived the fire: Dodge, Sallee, and Rumsey.
Themes and genre.
Maclean started writing "Young Men and Fire" in his seventy-fourth year and alludes frequently in the book to his age, both as a motivation and as a difficulty. The Publisher's Note prefacing the book states that ""Young Men and Fire" was where, near the end, all the lives he had lived would merge: the lives of a woodsman, firefighter, scholar, teacher, and storyteller." On the book's penultimate page, Maclean writes, "I, an old man, have written this fire report. Among other things, it was important to me, as an exercise of old age, to enlarge my knowledge and spirit so I could accompany young men whose lives I might have lived on their way to death."
The book tells the story of an initially routine-seeming fire in which a combination of individually unlikely developments create an inferno in which most of the smokejumpers are killed. In doing so, it presents themes of fate, misjudgment, and fickle circumstances.
In his introduction to "The Norman Maclean Reader", O. Alan Weltzien says that "Young Men and Fire"'s achievement "rests in the insistent way Maclean approaches, closely and personally, the unknowable: the final minutes and seconds when the Smokejumpers are running for their lives as the towering, suffering inferno overtakes them. More generally, it rests in the way Maclean concedes and makes a theme of his uncertainty and doubt in the face of unrecoverable history."
A recurring theme in the book is Maclean's wish to give a shape to the Mann Gulch disaster. In his foreword to the 25th anniversary edition of "Young Men and Fire", author Timothy Egan describes Maclean as "trying to shape, or at least to see, art in tragedy while acknowledging that 'tragedy is the most demanding of all literary forms.'" Reviewer John Ottenhoff notes in The Christian Century that "As in King Lear, about which Maclean had written eloquently in his career at the University of Chicago, death informs life, and compassion redeems pointless deaths." Literary scholar Lindsay Atnip argues that for Maclean to create tragedy out of catastrophe "amounts not just to explaining why things went terribly wrong, but also seeing in the catastrophe an intimation of certain hidden or unacknowledged conditions of human life".
"Young Men and Fire" has been called a nonfiction novel. Reviewing the "Young Men and Fire" in the Times Literary Supplement, Roger Just called it "extremely difficult to classify: 'a true story of the Mann Gulch Fire' as the cover proclaims; but also a detective story; also a semi-scientific treatise on forest fires; also an autobiography of a man's closing years; also the summation of a career in which life and literature meld." In the "Washington Post Book World", reviewer Dennis Drabelle called "Young Men and Fire" "worthy of comparison to the masterpiece in its genre, Truman Capote's "In Cold Blood"". In USA Today, reviewer Timothy Foote compared the book to James Agee's "Let Us Now Praise Famous Men".
Publication and reception.
Maclean stopped working on "Young Men and Fire" in 1987 due to ill health and left it unfinished at the time of his death in 1990. After his death, Maclean's children John N. Maclean and Jean Maclean Snyder brought the manuscript to the University of Chicago Press, publishers of Maclean's "A River Runs through It and Other Stories". It was edited for publication by Alan Thomas of the University of Chicago Press with advice from William Kittredge, Wayne C. Booth, John N. Maclean, and Jean Maclean Snyder. Thomas worked on it exclusively for months in the summer of 1991 while living in Saitama, Japan, distracted 
only by "the idiot barking of the landlady’s two miniature collies." The editing focused on repetition, inconsistencies, and fact-checking, and shortened the work by about 15%. The words remained Maclean's. "Black Ghost", a story about Maclean visiting the still-burning Mann Gulch fire about a week after the blow-up, was not part of Maclean's manuscript but was added by the publisher as "a fitting prelude". A reviewer would later characterize "Black Ghost" as a "Shakespearean 'argument', or overture", that "contains all the elements of forest fire in general and Mann Gulch in particular". The book was published with a selection of photographs, including two by Peter Stackpole that originally appeared in an August 22, 1949, "Life" magazine feature on the Mann Gulch Fire.
Young Men and Fire received strong pre-publication reviews in "Kirkus" and "Booklist". Upon publication, the book was reviewed enthusiastically on the front page of the "New York Times Book Review" by James R. Kincaid:
In the "Los Angeles Times Book Review", William Hauptman wrote that "Dreadful as their deaths were, the courage of these young men and Maclean's Homeric treatment leaves one with a feeling of exaltation." Enthusiastic reviews also appeared in the "Boston Sunday Globe", "Toronto Star", "Chicago Tribune", "Chicago Sun-Times", "The Christian Science Monitor", and "The Washington Times".
In the "New York Review of Books", Robert M. Adams called the book "a humane and personal memoir, scarcely less elegiac and elegantly written than the first one, "A River Runs Through It"". In "The Christian Century", John Ottenhoff also compared the book to "A River Runs through It": "While the similarities between the two books are not obvious, Young Men and Fire echoes Maclean's earlier fiction and parallels its subtle theological explorations. Most strikingly, both books show Maclean obsessed with the question of grace: Why do some receive the grace to survive, while others die untimely, tragically?"
Other critics, however, compared "Young Men and Fire" unfavorably with "A River Runs through It" or said it suffered from being unfinished. Ginny Merriam's scorching summation was, "Maclean clearly was not finished with it. More time could have tumbled every sentence into the heart-stopping art we know Maclean could create." In an extensive 1994 essay drawing from her correspondence with Maclean, his friend and former student, the literary scholar and poet Marie Borroff, said of "Young Men and Fire" that "in the end it defeated him, at least in his own eyes... Yet he managed to leave behind enough written materials to be edited into a book whose voice and vision are his own." Boroff judges the last twenty pages of the book a failure: "If his creative energies had lasted, he would surely have been able to contrive an ending equal in power to the memorable final paragraphs of "A River Runs Through It"." A 2015 essay by the book's editor, Alan Thomas, in the "Los Angeles Review of Books" discusses the book's history and takes up Boroff's criticism: "The closing pages of "Young Men and Fire" may be imperfect and strained, but that is because Maclean is trying to grasp something ultimate—the quality of 'a special kind of death', the death of the young and unfulfilled."
"Young Men and Fire" had a 30,000-copy first printing and as of December 1992 was in its fifth printing. It spent 14 weeks on the "New York Times" best sellers list and was chosen one of the nine best books of 1992 by the "New York Times Book Review". It won the 1992 National Book Critics Circle award for general nonfiction. Speaking at the award ceremony in March 1993, Maclean's son John N. Maclean said that "the book has had an extraordinary effect on the survivors, first raising anxieties and stirring old bitterness, but eventually at least for some easing the sting of that cataclysmic event more than four decades ago. In a way, the Mann Gulch never stopped burning." "The poignant beauty of Maclean's prose is consoling", wrote the sister-in-law of Stanley Reba, one of the Smokejumpers who died in Mann Gulch, in a letter to the book's publisher: "I felt that at last they had not been forgotten nor would they be. Young Men and Fire is their testimony."
In 2014, the writer Kathryn Schulz published an essay in "New York" magazine reporting on a trip to Mann Gulch and revisiting "Young Men and Fire" from the perspective of climate change and evolving ideas about fire suppression: "Like many people, I went to Mann Gulch because of "Young Men and Fire"—because I had long loved it, but also because I had grown troubled by its role in the wildfire crisis we are currently experiencing. Maclean told, quite beautifully, the story of a tragedy. But also, quite tragically, he told the wrong story." She calls "Young Men and Fire" "the seminal text in our national war on fire. As an account of how that war is fought, it is accurate and thrilling. As an elegy for the victims, it is beautiful. But, like many such stories, it fails to ask the crucial question: whether that war should ever have been fought in the first place ... Today, the battle in Mann Gulch seems worse than pointless." Schulz's critique echoes Richard Manning's article published 21 years prior. Neither article addresses Maclean's discussion of the Forest Service's revised fire policy.

</doc>
<doc id="6978995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978995" title="Saturn Astra">
Saturn Astra



</doc>
<doc id="6978999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6978999" title="Bill Rodgers (outfielder)">
Bill Rodgers (outfielder)

William Sherman Rodgers (December 5, 1922 – May 13, 2002) was an American Major League Baseball right fielder who played for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1944 and 1945. A native of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, he stood and weighed 162 lbs.
Biography.
Rodgers is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut on September 27, 1944 in a road game against the Boston Braves at Braves Field. He played in one more game that season, and in his one appearance in right field recorded no chances. Rodgers played in just one big league game in 1945 (April 21), going 1-for-1 as a pinch hitter against the Chicago Cubs at Forbes Field.
In a career total of three games he was 2-for-5 (.400) with one run scored. On November 5, 1946 he was drafted by the New York Yankees from the Pirates in the 1946 minor league draft, but never again made it to the major leagues.
Death.
Rodgers died at the age of 79 in Worcester, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="6979001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979001" title="30 Seconds">
30 Seconds

30 Seconds may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6979004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979004" title="Detroit Wheels (ABA)">
Detroit Wheels (ABA)



</doc>
<doc id="6979006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979006" title="Japanese Moss Balls">
Japanese Moss Balls



</doc>
<doc id="6979009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979009" title="Bulgarian name">
Bulgarian name

 
The Bulgarian name system (Bulgarian: Българска именна система) has considerable similarities with most other European name systems, and with those of other Slavic peoples such as the Russian name system, although it has certain unique features.
Bulgarian names usually consist of a given name, which comes first, a patronymic, which is second (and is usually omitted when referring to the person), and a family name, which comes last.
Bulgarian given names.
Traditionally, the Bulgarian given names are either of Slavic origin or from Greek, Latin or Hebrew when reflecting Christian faith (e.g. Petar, Maria, Ivan, Teodora, Georgi, Nikolay, Mihail, Paraskeva, Dimitar).
The Slavic names may describe the appearance or character of the person, may constitute a wish or even stem from pre-Christian conjuring rituals that are meant not to attract the evil spirits. Below are listed examples of Bulgarian Slavic names and Bulgarian names of Greek, Latin, or Hebrew origin:
Feminine names:
Ana, Aneliya, Aneta, Bilyana, Bisera, Blagovesta, Bonislava, Bogdana, Borislava, Boryana, Boyana, Boyka, Bozhidara, Branimira, Daniela, Darina, Denitsa, Desislava, Diana, Dobromira, Elena, Elisaveta, Elitsa, Emilia, Evelina, Gabriela, Galya, Gergana, Ginka, Gloria, Grozda, Grozdana, Hristina, Iliana, Ioana, Iordanka, Ivanka, Ivelina, Kalina, Katerina, Krasimira, Kremena, Kristina, Lyudmila, Lyubov, Maia, Maria, Mariya, Marina, Mariyana, Margarita, Mila, Milena, Mira, Monika, Nadya, Nadezhda, Natalia, Nedelya, Neli, Nevena, Nikol, Nikolina, Nina, Nora, Nusha, Ognyana, Olga, Petya, Plamena, Rada, Radina, Radka, Radoslava, Radostina, Ralitsa, Raina, Raya, Rossitza, Roza, Rumyana, Savina, Simona, Stanislava, Snezhana, Stanka, Stilyana, Stoyanka, Svetlana, Tanya, Tatyana, Teodora, Todora, Todorka, Trendafila, Tsveta, Tsvetanka, Valentina, Vasilka, Veselina, Viktoria, Violeta, Vladimira, Vyara, Yana, Zhivka, Zlatka, Zora...
Masculine names:
Andrei, Angel, Aleksandar, Aleksi, Anastas, Anton, Asen, Asparuh, Atanas, Bogdan, Bogomil, Bojidar, Boris, Borislav, Boyan, Boiko, Branimir, Daniel, Danail, Delyan, Desislav, Dimo, Dobromir, Dragan, Dragomir, Elian, Genadi, Georgi, Grozdan, Hristiyan, Hristo, Hristofor, Ilian, Iordan Ioan (Yoan), Ivan, Ivo, Ivailo, Kalin, Kaloyan, Kiril, Kostadin, Krasimir, Krum, Lyuben, Lyubomir, Mihail, Milan, Milen, Miroslav, Mladen, Momchil, Nayden, Nedelcho, Nedyalko, Nikola, Nikolay, Ognian, Ognyan, Pencho, Petar, Plamen, Radko, Radomir, Radoslav, Rayko, Rumen, Sabin, Samuil, Simeon, Spas, Stefan, Stanimir, Stanislav, Stanko, Stilyan, Stoyan, Theodosii, Tihomir, Todor, Tsvetan, Valko, Valentin, Vasil, Ventsislav, Veselin, Vladimir, Vladislav, Yasen, Yavor, Yordan Zdravko, Zhelyazko, Zhivko, Zdravko, Zlatan, Zlatko...
In addition, some Bulgarian names may be of Thracian (e.g. Neno, Dako, Geto) or Bulgar (Boris, Boyan, Biser) origin.
Since the Bulgarian National Revival and the Liberation of Bulgaria in 1878 names of successful medieval Bulgarian rulers, like Asen, Asparuh, Ivaylo, Samuil, Simeon or Krum, have also gained a lot of popularity.
Traditionally, the parents would often name their child after an older relative, so that his/her name would live on in the family. Today, however, these are not binding conditions and are often ignored: parents often pick a name without conforming with these traditions, however, still many of them continue to observe them. Traditions to name a child after the parents' best man or maid of honor or the saint on whose name day the child is born also exist.
Many Bulgarian given names have a diminutive and/or a shorter version, which is almost always used in an informal context. Following is an example of some common diminutives:
Often these diminutives become independent given names in their own right.
Bulgarian patronymics and family names.
Usage.
Typically, a Bulgarian person inherits the last name of his father's family (family name), as well as a patronymic based on his father's given name, with a gender-agreeing suffix usually added. For example, Stoyan "Georgiev" "Draganov" would be the son of "Georgi" Petkov "Draganov". The same person's daughter would bear the names "Georgieva" "Draganova". Another way of preserving the family name and the name of a specific ancestor would be the following circulating of the names: if the father's name is Ivan Petrov Mihailov, the son is named Petar Ivanov Mihailov. Then if Petar has a son, his name will be Ivan Petrov Mihailov, and so on.
Until recently, if the father's name was not a specific family name, the child would take his patronymic as a family name, so names in a chain of generations would shift. For example, the son of Petar Stoyanov Ivanov would be Georgi Petrov Stoyanov, his son would be Ivaylo Georgiev Petrov, his son would be Marin Ivaylov Georgiev. This practice often caused confusion in the past, especially when dealing for foreign institutions, since a child did not bear his father's family name. However, the recent generation has all but abandoned this practice.
When marrying, today a woman may choose either to adopt her husband's family name, retain her maiden name or combine the two using a hyphen. For instance, when marrying Nikolay Petrov, Maria Bogdanova could become Petrova, remain Bogdanova or adopt Petrova-Bogdanova or Bogdanova-Petrova. Historically, she would adopt her husband's name. In any case, a woman retains her patronymic, which she has inherited from her father.
The Family Code (Bulgarian law regulating wedlock, cohabitation and family) allows the reverse as well: the husband may also take or add his wife's family name.
Sometimes a person is well known and referred to with his patronymic, e.g. sci-fi writer Lyuben Dilov's full name is Lyuben Dilov Ivanov, the Bulgarian cosmonaut Georgi Ivanov's full name is Georgi Ivanov Kakalov, and footballer Georgi Asparuhov's full name is Georgi Asparuhov Rangelov.
Among Bulgarians in Serbia, as well as in other countries throughout the world, the "a" ending of women's surnames is usually dropped, resulting in names such as Elizabeta Nikolov instead of Nikolova. Other examples of changes in the family name of Bulgarians living abroad is how Nikolov turns into Nikoloff.
Etymology.
In most cases (though by no means always), the etymology of Bulgarian patronymics and family names closely corresponds to that of given names. Many families bear the name of the family's founder, adding the patronymic Slavic suffix "–ov/–ev" (men) or "–ova/–eva" (women) (e.g. Ivanov, Radeva, Parvanov, Petrova, Asenov, Tsvetanova). Family names may indicate the occupation of the founder, his nickname or origin, in which case names of Ottoman Turkish or Greek etymology can be found in addition to those of Slavic origin (e.g. Kolarov, Kalaydzhieva, Popova, Cholakov, Kovacheva, Daskalov, Tepavicharov, Uzunova).
Suffixes.
Most Bulgarian surnames end with "–ov(a)" or "–ev(a)". They work the same way as the patronymic (and are in fact derived from them), and are possessive forms of given names. The "–ov/–ev" (masculine) and "–ova/–eva" (feminine) suffixes are also extremely popular and commonly used by Russians and Macedonians. Consequently, the surnames Ivanov(a), Petrov(a) and Mladenov(a) are the three most common surnames in Bulgaria. As these "–ov/–ev" surnames are indistinguishable from patronymics, it is not uncommon for people to have the same patronymic and surname; for instance the children of Petar Ivanov Petrov would be Georgi Petrov Petrov and Lyudmila Petrova Petrova. (This would also be distinguished from Russians, who would be named "Georgi Petrovich Petrov" and "Lyudmila Petrovna Petrova".)
Although most popular, "–ov/–ev" and respectively "–ova/–eva" are not the only patronymic and family name suffixes. The second most popular suffix is "–ski/–ska" (sometimes "–ki/–ka") (e.g. Zelenogorski, Stoykovska, Petrinska), which, besides often being merely a version of an "–ov/–ev" or "-–ova/–eva" name, may also often indicate origin (e.g. Sofianski — "from Sofia", Stamboliyski — "from Istanbul"). This suffix is not only popular with Bulgarians but with most other Slavic people, such as Polish, Macedonians, Russians (most often spelled as "-sky"), Belarusians and Ukrainians.
Another suffix is "–in/–ina" (e.g. Kunin, Ganina, Radin). Unlike all other Bulgarian patronymics and family names, these stem from a female name (e.g. "of Kuna", "of Gana", "of Rada"). They are most common in the region of Razlog and Bansko. The "–in" suffix is also popular with Russians.
For these three most popular suffixes, there is also a plural form used when referring to the family as a whole or several members of it (as opposed to a single member). For "–ov/–ova" and "–ev/–eva" it is "–ovi/–evi", for "–ski/–ska" it is "–ski" and for "–in/–ina" the form is "–ini".
Historically, the universal suffix "–ovich" and "-evich" was quite popular in some regions (bearers of such names include Gavril Krastevich, Hristofor Zhefarovich, Petar Parchevich, Kiril Peychinovich, etc.), particularly among the Roman Catholic Bulgarians, but has today largely fallen out of use and is more typical for the Serbo-Croatian name system (where it is usually spelled "-ić").
In addition, other suffixes also exist: for instance, names like Tihanek, Kozlek, Lomek (suffixed "–ek") were historically dominant in the town of Koprivshtitsa. (Internet Archive link)
Names lacking a suffix, although often foreign-sounding, have been more popular in the past, but still exist today (e.g. Beron, Tomash), despite being quite uncommon.
Most popular names.
According to one study using telephone directory data, the five most popular male given names are Ivan (43,882 holders), Georgi (40,288), Dimitar (31,471) and Petar (20,602). The most popular female names are Maria (20,108), Ivanka (11,872) Elena (9,568), Yordanka (7,962) and Penka (6,696). The top ten family names are Ivanov/a, Georgiev/a, Mladenov/a, Petrov/a, Nikolov/a, Hristov/a, Stoyanov/a, Todorov/a and Iliev/a.
External links.
In English:
In Bulgarian:

</doc>
<doc id="6979010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979010" title="1997 British and Irish Lions tour to South Africa">
1997 British and Irish Lions tour to South Africa



</doc>
<doc id="6979011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979011" title="Brain Crack">
Brain Crack



</doc>
<doc id="6979026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979026" title="Every Breath">
Every Breath

Every Breath may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6979032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979032" title="Bose-Einstein condensation">
Bose-Einstein condensation



</doc>
<doc id="6979039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979039" title="Delayed Circadian Rhythm Disorder">
Delayed Circadian Rhythm Disorder



</doc>
<doc id="6979040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979040" title="Robert Martin Douglas">
Robert Martin Douglas



</doc>
<doc id="6979043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979043" title="David D. Cole">
David D. Cole

David D. Cole was the National Legal Director of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) for six years until 2024. Earlier, for two years Cole was the Hon. George J. Mitchell Professor in Law and Public Policy at the Georgetown University Law Center. He has published on legal issues including constitutional law, national security, criminal justice, civil rights, and law and literature. Cole has litigated First Amendment cases in the Supreme Court of the United States, as well as cases concerning civil rights and national security. He has also been a legal correspondent to media outlets and publications.
Legal career.
Cole graduated "magna cum laude" from Yale College in 1980 and received his Juris Doctor (J.D.) degree from Yale Law School in 1984. He then served as a law clerk to Judge Arlin Adams of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. He then became a staff attorney for the Center for Constitutional Rights, where he litigated a number of First Amendment cases, including "Texas v. Johnson", 491 U.S. 397 (1989) and "United States v. Eichman", 496 U.S. 928 (1990; consolidated with "United States v. Haggerty"; arguing that burning the Flag of the United States was protected speech). He later served as a voluntary staff attorney at the Center, where he also sat on the Board of Directors from 1996 to 2003.
After leaving the Center, Cole began teaching at Georgetown University Law Center. While teaching, Cole continued to litigate constitutional law and civil liberties, both at home and abroad. During the 1990s, Cole argued over a dozen cases in various U.S. District and Circuit Courts, and appeared before the Supreme Court three times ("Lebron v. National Railroad Passenger Corporation", 513 U.S. 374 (1995), "National Endowment for the Arts v. Finley", 524 U.S. 569 (1998), and "Reno v. American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee", 525 U.S. 471 (1999)). Internationally, Cole successfully challenged Ireland's constitutional prohibition on counseling about abortion before the European Court of Human Rights in "Open Door Counselling, Ltd. v. Republic of Ireland", ECHR Judgment of October 19, 1992, Ser. A, No. 246. He returned to Europe in Fall 2007 to teach at the University College London School of Public Policy and serve as Co-Director of the Center for Transnational Legal Studies in London from 2008 to 2009.
Cole was named Co-Chair of the Constitution Project's Liberty and Security Committee in 2001 and joined the Advisory Committee for the Free Expression Policy Project in 2003. He has served on boards for a number of public interest organizations including Human Rights Watch Advisory Committee, Bill of Rights Defense Committee, and the American Bar Association Standing Committee on Law and National Security. His most recent appearance before the Supreme Court was in 2010, unsuccessfully challenging the First and Fifth Amendment implications of the USA Patriot Act's prohibition on providing "material support" to terrorist groups in "Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project", 561 U.S. 1 (2010). From 2013 to 2014, Cole was a Fellow with the Open Society Foundations, an international grantmaking network founded by business magnate George Soros that dispenses financial contributions to various liberal and progressive political causes in the United States.
Academic career.
Cole was a member of the Georgetown University Law Center faculty from 1990 to 2016. He has also taught at New York University Law School and University College London's School of Public Policy as a visiting scholar. Cole's main areas of expertise were constitutional law, criminal procedure, national security, and law relating to United States federal courts. He gained tenure at Georgetown Law in 1994, and was selected as the school's inaugural Hon. George J. Mitchell Professor in Law and Public Policy.
Cole has written eight books, for which he has received awards, including the Palmer Civil Liberties Prize for best book on national security and civil liberties, the American Book Award (2004), and Boston Book Review's Best Non-Fiction Book (1999). His most recent book, "Engines of Liberty: The Power of Citizen Activists to Make Constitutional Law", was named one of the Washington Post's Notable Nonfiction Books of 2016. He has been published in law journals, including the Yale Law Journal, Stanford Law Review, University of Chicago Law Review, and California Law Review.
Media commentary.
Cole has been the Legal Affairs Correspondent for "The Nation" since 1998. He is also a commentator on the National Public Radio program "All Things Considered", providing viewpoints from a liberal / progressive perspective, and a contributor to the New York Review of Books. He was interviewed in the 2004 BBC documentary "The Power of Nightmares - The Rise Of The Politics Of Fear".
Honors and awards.
Cole has received awards from professional bodies and campaigning groups for his civil rights and civil liberties work, including from the American Bar Association's Individual Rights and Responsibilities Section, the National Lawyers Guild, the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee, and the American Muslim Council. In 2004 he received the William J. Brennan Award from the Thomas Jefferson Center for the Protection of Free Expression, which cited Cole as "one of the nation's most accomplished advocates for freedom of expression and an outstanding scholar of the First Amendment". In 2013 Cole also was the first recipient of the ACLU's Norman Dorsen Presidential Prize for academic contributions to civil liberties.
Personal life.
Cole is married to former Georgetown Law professor and current D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals judge Nina Pillard. They have two children, Sarah and Aidan Pillard.

</doc>
<doc id="6979048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979048" title="Virginia State Highway 7">
Virginia State Highway 7



</doc>
<doc id="6979051" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979051" title="Egypt Lake, FL">
Egypt Lake, FL



</doc>
<doc id="6979054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979054" title="Francisco Dória">
Francisco Dória

Francisco Antônio de Moraes Accioli Dória (born 1945, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian mathematician, philosopher, and genealogist. Francisco Antônio Dória received his B.S. in Chemical Engineering from the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro (UFRJ), Brazil, in 1968 and then got his doctorate from the Brazilian Center for Research in Physics (CBPF), advised by Leopoldo Nachbin in 1977. Dória worked for a while at the Physics Institute of UFRJ, and then left to become a Professor of the Foundations of Communications at the School of Communications, also at UFRJ. Dória held visiting positions at the University of Rochester (NY), Stanford University (CA) (here as a Senior Fulbright Scholar), and the University of São Paulo (USP). His most prolific period spawned from his collaboration with Newton da Costa, a Brazilian logician and one of the founders of paraconsistent logic, which began in 1985. He is currently Professor of Communications, Emeritus, at UFRJ and a member of the Brazilian Academy of Philosophy.
His main achievement (with Brazilian logician and philosopher Newton da Costa) is the proof that chaos theory is undecidable (published in 1991), and when properly axiomatized within classical set theory, is incomplete in the sense of Gödel. The decision problem for chaotic dynamical systems had been formulated by mathematician Morris Hirsch.
More recently da Costa and Dória introduced a formalization for the P = NP hypothesis that they called the “exotic formalization,” and showed in a series of papers that axiomatic set theory together with exotic P = NP is consistent if set theory is consistent. They then prove:
If exotic P = NP together with axiomatic set theory is ω-consistent, then axiomatic set theory + P = NP is consistent.
(So far nobody has advanced a proof of the ω-consistency of set theory + exotic P = NP.) They also showed that the equivalence between exotic P = NP and the usual formalization for P = NP, is independent of set theory and holds of the standard integers. If set theory plus that equivalence condition has the same provably total recursive functions as plain set theory, then the consistency of P = NP with set theory follows.
Dória is also interested in the theories of hypercomputation and in the foundations of economic theory.

</doc>
<doc id="6979057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979057" title="Dot Comedy">
Dot Comedy

Dot Comedy is an American television series that aired on American Broadcasting Company (ABC). It is notable for being a series that was canceled after only one episode.
Premise.
"Dot Comedy" was an early attempt at bringing Internet humor to mass television audiences in the pre-broadband era, which premiered on ABC on December 8, 2000. The show was hosted by Annabelle Gurwitch, the Sklar Brothers, and Katie Puckrik. Adapted from a British show of the same name, the show featured a similar premise to "America's Funniest Home Videos" in that the hosts and audience react to ostensibly humorous content originating on websites. In addition, Puckrik would interview the creators of the web content presented. Viewers were also encouraged to submit their own web content, such as video, audio, and image files. The show was a co-production with the television channel Oxygen, and episodes were planned to air afterwards on Oxygen after being broadcast on ABC.
The show replaced "The Trouble with Normal" on ABC, which had been cancelled after five episodes as part of a troubled post-"TGIF" attempt to relaunch the night with adult-targeted sitcoms. "Dot Comedy" did even worse, being viewed by 4.1 million viewers in its only aired episode before also being cancelled. The remaining four episodes never aired.
Critical reception.
Bob Curtright of "The Wichita Eagle" gave the show a mixed review. He thought that the show had the potential to display humorous content on the Internet and give a platform through which content creators could gain exposure, but criticized the Sklar Brothers' hosting as "superfluous".

</doc>
<doc id="6979069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979069" title="C-90">
C-90



</doc>
<doc id="6979070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979070" title="I Lituani">
I Lituani

I Lituani ("The Lithuanians") is an opera consisting of a prologue and three acts by Amilcare Ponchielli to an Italian libretto by Antonio Ghislanzoni, based on the historical poem "Konrad Wallenrod" written by Lithuanian-Polish poet Adam Mickiewicz. It premiered at La Scala in Milan on 7 March 1874.
History.
Casa Ricordi commissioned Ponchielli to write the opera, and the idea to use "Konrad Wallenrod" came from Salvatore Farina, a novelist and playwright working for Ricordi. The opera was extremely well received when it opened, and a second, final version with additional material was performed again a year later also to good reviews. It continued to be performed in the last decades of the 19th century in Cremona, Trieste, Brescia, Rome, Turin, Buenos Aires, Montevideo, Chicago, and a single noteworthy Russian performance in 1884 at the Imperial Bolshoi Kamenny Theatre in Saint Petersburg with the title "Aldona".
After a three-night run in 1903 at La Scala, where the casting was particularly poorly reviewed, it was scheduled for performances in 1939 that did not take place because Second World War broke out; "I Lituani" was not performed again until 1979 when RAI recovered the score. Since then, it has been revived in Chicago (1981, 1983 and 1991), Toronto (1981), Cremona (1984), Vilnius (1991), Trakai (2009) and Kaunas (2020).
Roles.
Opening nights of La Scala performances:
Synopsis.
Corrado Wallenrod, actually a Lithuanian named Walter who is impersonating a loyal Teutonic Knight, allows the Lithuanians to win against the Teutons by executing a long-planned misdirection. Aldona, his wife who has entered a convent, searches for her love Walter, and finds him just before he is sentenced to death for his deception.
Prologue.
From the battlements of a castle in Lithuania, Albano, an aged bard, moans that his country is being destroyed by the Teutons. Aldona, a Lithuanian princess, wonders about her brother, Arnoldo, and Walter, her husband, and invites everyone to pray. Arnoldo and Walter return and announce a heinous betrayal by Vitoldo, one of their leaders, which has led to the defeat of the Lithuanian army. Walter tells his wife about his plan to defeat the Teutonic Knights, and swears his eternal love for her before leaving to avenge the Lithuanians.
Act 1.
Ten years later, in the cathedral square of Marienburg, the Teutonic Knights celebrate the new Grand Master of the Teutonic Order, Corrado Wallenrod, who is actually Walter. Vitoldo is furious, because he believes he should be Grand Master. Ten Lithuanian prisoners in chains are brought to be sacrificed in Corrado's honour at the celebration; Arnoldo is one of them. Corrado unexpectedly frees them, and afterwards Arnoldo realizes that Corrado is actually Walter. Arnoldo runs into his sister, Aldona, who has come to Marienburg after entering a convent, hoping to find Walter. Albano, Arnoldo, and Aldona set out to find Walter in the castle.
Act 2.
In a large hall of the castle where the celebration is being held, Corrado invites everyone to dance and sing. Arnoldo and Aldona, disguised as bards, sing about the sad fate of Lithuania, predicting its imminent liberation. The Teutonic Knights object, and Corrado hurls himself towards Arnoldo, while Aldona tries to separate them. Corrado orders the knights to sheath their swords, and Albano tries to convince Corrado not to give his true identity away. Vitoldo recognizes Aldona, but Corrado orders the judgement against Aldona and Arnoldo be adjourned so that the celebration can continue.
Act 3.
Aldona comes out of the ruins of a cloister, where a battle between the Lithuanians and Teutonic Knights is taking place nearby. She meets Walter, and hopes for a happy future of love, but Walter has been betrayed for causing the defeat of the Teutonic Knights by the Lithuanians. Later, back in the castle, Albano tells Walter that a secret court has sentenced Walter to death. Rather than falling into enemy hands, Walter drinks poison and exults in the victory of the Lithuanians, asking Albano to give Aldona his last farewell. Aldona arrives, and Walter dies in her arms. The Willi, divine spirits of Lithuania, arrive to welcome the glorious warrior's soul.

</doc>
<doc id="6979071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979071" title="Psychasthenia">
Psychasthenia

Psychasthenia was a psychological disorder characterized by phobias, obsessions, compulsions, or excessive anxiety. The term is no longer in psychiatric diagnostic use, although it still forms one of the ten clinical subscales of the popular self-report personality inventories MMPI and MMPI-2. It is also one of the fifteen scales of the Karolinska Scales of Personality.
MMPI.
The MMPI subscale 7 describes psychasthenia as akin to obsessive-compulsive disorder, and as characterised by excessive doubts, compulsions, obsessions, and unreasonable fears. The psychasthenic has an inability to resist specific actions or thoughts, regardless of their maladaptive nature. In addition to obsessive-compulsive features, the scale taps abnormal fears, self-criticism, difficulties in concentration, and guilt feelings. The scale assesses long-term (trait) anxiety, although it is somewhat responsive to situational stress as well.
The psychasthenic has insufficient control over their conscious thinking and memory, sometimes wandering aimlessly and/or forgetting what they were doing. Thoughts can be scattered and take significant effort to organize, often resulting in sentences that do not come out as intended, therefore making little sense to others. The constant mental effort and characteristic insomnia induces fatigue, which worsens the condition. Symptoms can possibly be greatly reduced with concentration exercises and therapy, depending on whether the condition is psychological or biological.
Earlier conceptions.
The term "psychasthenia" was first primarily associated with French psychiatrist Pierre Janet, who divided the neuroses into the psychasthenias and the hysterias. (He discarded the then common term "neurasthenia" (weak nerves) since it implied a neurological theory where none existed.) Whereas the hysterias involved at their source a "narrowing" of the field of consciousness, the psychasthenias involved at root a disturbance in the "fonction du reél" ('function of reality'), a kind of "weakness" in the ability to attend to, adjust to, and synthesise one's changing experience (cf. executive functions in today's empiricist psychologies). Swiss psychiatrist Carl Jung later made Janet's hysteric and psychasthenic types the prototypes of his extroverted and introverted personalities.
The German-Swiss psychiatrist Karl Jaspers, following Janet, described psychasthenia as a variety of phenomena "held together by the theoretical concept of a 'diminution of psychic energy'." The psychasthenic person prefers to "withdraw from his fellows and not be exposed to situations in which his abnormally strong 'complexes' rob him of presence of mind, memory and poise." The psychasthenic lacks confidence, is prone to obsessional thoughts, unfounded fears, self-scrutiny and indecision. This state in turn promotes withdrawal from the world and daydreaming, yet this only makes things worse. "The psyche generally lacks an ability to integrate its life or to work through and manage its various experiences; it fails to build up its personality and make any steady development." Jaspers believed that some of Janet's more extreme cases of psychasthenia were cases of schizophrenia. Jaspers differentiates and contrasts psychasthenia with neurasthenia, defining the later in terms of "irritable weakness" and describing phenomena such as irritability, sensitivity, a painful sensibility, abnormal responsiveness to stimuli, bodily pains, strong experience of fatigue, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="6979077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979077" title="D-11">
D-11



</doc>
<doc id="6979078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979078" title="Hyndburn Brook">
Hyndburn Brook

Hyndburn Brook is a minor river in eastern Lancashire. It is approximately long, and has the catchment area (not including the River Hyndburn) of .
Thought to begin at the confluence of Tinker Brook and White Ash Brook, to the west of Church, the river runs north. It collects the River Hyndburn just before the bridge of the M65 Motorway and Bottom Syke (from Dunkenhalgh) just afterward, meeting Shaw Brook and Spaw Brook to the east of Rishton. 
Turning to the northeast between Great Harwood and the Oakenshaw side of Clayton-le-Moors, it is joined by Norden Brook and then Harwood Brook. After passing under the A680 Hyndburn Bridge, the brook eventually joins the River Calder, next to the district's waste water treatment works, at Martholme. Both Tinker and White Ash Brooks drain the north side of Oswaldwistle Moor.
Tinker Brook originates as "Jackhouse Brook" at the confluence of Cocker Brook and Cocker Lumb near Jackhouse, the former having passed through the old reservoirs of Warmwithens and Jackhouse. It becomes "Tinker Brook" as it enters the south of town of Oswaldtwistle before it collects Whams Brook. 
While White Ash Brook begins as Lottice Brook, northeast of Belthorn, and flows in a northerly direction until it turns back east, at the bridge of Haslingden Old Road near the motorway. It becomes White Ash Brook as flows under the Smithes Bridge in Western Oswaldwistle. 
The name possibly originates from the Old English words (female deer) and (stream). Brook (OE ) is a common name for a stream, which is most often found in Southern and Central England. 
An ongoing river improvement scheme aimed to allow migrating salmon, trout, and eels access to the "River Hyndburn" saw the construction of a fish bypass during 2017, at the high nineteenth century Oakenshaw Print Works Weir. This was officially opened in October 2017. Work started on a similar project in June 2019, this being upstream at the Dunkenhalgh Weir near Rishton.
United Utilities had put the two hundred metre stretch of Hyndburn Brook up for sale in February 2009, and it was being auctioned with no reserve price. Environment Agency officials praised "Blythe’s Chemical Works" for reducing pollution in the stretch of the brook in January 2000.
References.
Notes
Citations

</doc>
<doc id="6979087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979087" title="John J. Connolly">
John J. Connolly



</doc>
<doc id="6979088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979088" title="Drexel University College of Arts and Sciences">
Drexel University College of Arts and Sciences

The College of Arts and Sciences (CoAS) is one of the many colleges at Drexel University. It was formed in 1990 when Drexel merged the two existing College of Sciences and College of Humanities together.
History.
The College of Arts and Sciences traces its orings back to Drexel Institute of Art, Science and Industry, founded in 1891. As its curriculum broadened, the School of Engineering employed full professors for English, mathematics, and chemistry in 1914. The College of Science was created in 1968, and the College of Humanities and Social Sciences in 1970.
In 1990, the present-day College of Arts and Science was created from a combination of the College of Science and the College of Humanities and Social Sciences. This consolidation was mainly the result of a downturn in enrollments and fiscal shortfalls at the time. After the merger with MCP/Hahnemann in 2002, several departments within the College were reorganized, which resulted in the creation of the Department of Psychology, the Department of Culture and Communication, and the Department of English and Philosophy. In addition, Computer Science was separated from the Department of Mathematics and Computer Science and moved to the College of Engineering; the School of Education was separated from the College of Arts and Sciences.
Present.
The current structure of the college is made up of fourteen departments and one interdisciplinary major program that interact with each other, as well as with a broad array of units throughout the university. The College's level of involvement in teaching across the university is exhibited by the fact that it teaches approximately 35% of the total student credit hours of the university each year. The College employs over 300 faculty with research expenditures exceeding $4.6 million. At the undergraduate level, it has nineteen majors (BS, BA), as well as several minor and dual-degree programs. At the graduate level, the CoAs has nine PhD. programs and twelve MS programs.
The CoAS offers majors and minors in 26 different areas of study and is the home of MAYA, Drexel's literary magazine. Students also have the opportunity for taking up an internet-based learning opportunity involving different mediums, such as online discussions, WebCT, and PowerPoint presentations.
Degrees Offered.
The College of Arts and Sciences offers twenty majors, eight accelerated degrees, six certificates, nine intermediate proficiency certificates, and 38 minors:

</doc>
<doc id="6979089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979089" title="The Lithuanians">
The Lithuanians



</doc>
<doc id="6979093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979093" title="Moss ball">
Moss ball



</doc>
<doc id="6979096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979096" title="Ten sided die">
Ten sided die



</doc>
<doc id="6979097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979097" title="Moss balls">
Moss balls



</doc>
<doc id="6979100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979100" title="French destroyer Le Fantasque">
French destroyer Le Fantasque

Le Fantasque (; "The capricious one") was the lead ship of her class of six large destroyers (, "Torpedo-boat destroyer") built for the (French Navy) during the 1930s. The ship entered service in 1935 and participated in the Second World War. When war was declared in September 1939, all of the "Le Fantasque"s were assigned to the which was tasked to hunt down German commerce raiders and blockade runners. "Le Fantasque" and two of her sister ships were based in Dakar, French West Africa, to patrol the Central Atlantic for several months in late 1939. They returned to Metropolitan France before the end of the year and were transferred to French Algeria in late April 1940 in case Italy decided to enter the war. She screened French cruisers several times as they unsuccessfully hunted for Italian ships after Italy declared war in June.
After most of French Equatorial Africa had declared for Free France in August, "Le Fantasque" and two of her sisters escorted a force of cruisers sent to Dakar in September to intimidate the colonies into rejoining Vichy France. The British and Free French sent a force to persuade French West Africa to join the Free French and the Battle of Dakar began when the garrison rejected their entreaties. The Vichy destroyers were given a defensive role, laying a smoke screen to protect the cruisers as they engaged the British ships. "Le Fantasque" was still in Dakar when French West Africa joined the Free French in late 1942. She was then modernized in the United States, in early 1943 and returned to the Mediterranean mid-year where she spent the next year searching for Axis shipping with two of her sisters. In between raids, the ship supported the French occupation of Corsica in September and provided naval gunfire support during Operation Dragoon, the invasion of Southern France in mid-1944.
After the war "Le Fantasque" was sent to French Indochina in late 1945–1946 to provide support for the French forces there. After returning to Metropolitan France in mid-1946, she was intermittently active until mid-1950. Deemed uneconomical to repair at that time, the ship was placed in reserve until she was stricken in 1953. "Le Fantasque" was scrapped in 1958.
Design and description.
The "Le Fantasque"-class ships were designed to counter the fast Italian light cruisers and one member of the class, , exceeding during trials to set a world record for a conventionally hulled ship. They had an overall length of , a beam of , and a draft of . The ships displaced at standard and at deep load. "Le Fantasque" was powered by two Rateau-Bretagne geared steam turbines, each driving one propeller shaft, using steam provided by four water-tube boilers. The turbines were designed to produce , which would propel the ship at . During her sea trials on 11 July 1935, her turbines provided and she reached for a single hour. The ship carried enough fuel oil to give her a range of at . The crew of the "Le Fantasque" class consisted of 11 officers and 221 crewmen in peacetime and the number of the latter increasing to 254 in wartime.
The main armament of the "Le Fantasque"s consisted of five Canon de Modèle 1929 guns in single mounts, one superfiring pair fore and aft of the superstructure and the fifth gun abaft the aft funnel. Their anti-aircraft armament consisted of two Canon de Modèle 1925 guns in single mounts positioned amidships and four Hotchkiss Mitrailleuse de CA Modèle 1929 machine guns in two twin-gun mounts aft of the 37 mm mounts. The ships carried three above-water triple sets of torpedo tubes; the aft mount could traverse to both sides, but the forward mounts were positioned one on each broadside. A pair of depth charge chutes were built into their stern; these housed a total of sixteen depth charges with another dozen available in the torpedo magazine. The ship could also be fitted with rails capable of handling 40 naval mines.
Modifications.
In December 1938–January 1939, the bridge wings were enlarged to accommodate the Hotchkiss machine guns on "Le Fantasque". After the war began in September, 200 kg depth-charge stowage increased to 48 and a pair of rails were installed on the stern for depth charges. Each rail could accommodate 3 depth charges and 15 more were stored in the magazine. In early 1940 twin-gun 37 mm mounts replaced the single-gun mounts. Before the ship sailed to Dakar in September, a single Browning 13.2-millimeter anti-aircraft machine gun was installed on top of the aft ammunitions hoists; a second gun was added in the same location in February 1941. Later that year or in 1942, the Hotchkiss machine guns were transferred to new platforms on the center superstructure and their former positions were occupied by the Brownings. During her 1941 refit in Oran, French Algeria, "Le Fantasque" had her aft superstructure remodeled in early to create a platform atop the aft ammunition hoists and platforms on each side for 37 mm guns. The twin-gun mounts was repositioned on the upper platform and one of the lower platforms while the other one was occupied by a single mount as there was a shortage of twin-gun mounts. In May 1942 the ship was provided with an Alpha-2 sonar system in cases pending the modification of the hull to accommodate the required flexible underwater dome.
Construction and career.
Ordered on 17 November 1930 as part of the 1930 Naval Program, "Le Fantasque" was laid down by the Arsenal de Lorient on 16 November 1931. She was launched on 15 March 1934, commissioned on 15 November 1935, completed on 10 March 1936 and entered service on 1 May. Completion was delayed when the ship ran aground while entering Lorient and badly damaged her keel and propellers. When the "Le Fantasque"s entered service they were assigned to the newly formed 8th and 10th Light Divisions () which were later redesignated as scout divisions (); both divisions were assigned to the 2nd Light Squadron () in Brest. As of 1 October 1936 , and were assigned to the 8th Light Division while "Le Fantasque", "Le Terrible" and belonged to the 10th.
Albert Lebrun, President of France, inaugurated the new building of the Naval Academy () in Brest and reviewed the 2nd Squadron on 30 May 1936, including "Le Fantasque", "L'Audacieux", "L'Indomptable", and "Le Terrible". Between 15 January and 26 February, the 2nd Light Squadron cruised as far south as Conakry, French West Africa. On 27 May 1937, Alphonse Gasnier-Duparc, Minister of the Navy, reviewed the fleet, including all of the "Le Fantasque"s.
World War II.
Both the 8th and 10th Scout Divisions were assigned to the when war was declared in September 1939; it made only a single sortie as a complete unit on 2–6 September when it responded to an erroneous report that German ships had left port. Afterwards it was dispersed into smaller groups to search for German commerce raiders and blockade runners. The 10th Scout Division, together with British ships, was assigned to Force X that was based in Dakar, French West Africa from 10 October to 18 November. During 21–30 October, the , including all of the "Le Fantasque"s, screened Convoy KJ 4 against a possible attack by the heavy cruiser . On 25 November, together with "Le Terrible" and the heavy cruiser , she captured the German merchantman . The ships of the 10th Scout Division escorted the and the British aircraft carrier as they searched for German ships in the Central Atlantic during 7–13 November. The division escorted "Strasbourg" and the heavy cruiser back to France on 18 November. "Le Fantasque" took part in a sortie by the into the Western Mediterranean on 12–13 June, after Italy declared war on the Allies on the 10th. "Le Fantasque" then began escorting convoys evacuating personnel from mainland France to French North Africa and escorted cruisers fruitlessly searching for Italian cruisers on 23–24 June after an erroneous report that they were at sea. After the British attack on Mers-el-Kébir on 3 July, the ship escorted the Algiers-based cruisers that failed to rendezvous with "Strasbourg" after she escaped from Mers-el-Kébir and later arrived at Toulon.
By the end of August, all of French Equatorial Africa had joined Free France, with the exception of French Gabon. In response, the Germans and Italians authorized the Vichy French to send ships to the Gulf of Guinea to bring the rebellious colonies back under control. The 4th Cruiser Division () of three light cruisers, escorted by the 10th Scout Division, was chosen and the ships were designated as Force Y. They departed Toulon on 9 September and departed Casablanca, French Morocco, on the 12th after refueling. The destroyers lacked enough range to reach Dakar at the ordered by (Rear Admiral) Bourragué and were forced to return to Casablanca. "Le Fantasque", delayed by machinery problems, finally reached Dakar on 20 September, a day after her sisters. A powerful British and Free French force was already en route to Dakar; their mission was to rally it to the Free French or to conquer it. The Vichy French garrison refused General Charles de Gaulle's appeal to join the Free French on the 23rd and opened fire on the British ships. The Vichy destroyers were tasked to make a continuous smoke screen to protect the cruisers as they maneuvered to avoid British shells; "Le Fantasque" was not damaged during the battle. She was refitted at Oran from 20 July 1941 to 27 January 1942.
Free French operations.
After the Allies invaded French North Africa on 8 November, French West Africa and its fleet, including "Le Fantasque" and her sister "Le Terrible", joined the Allies on 24 November. The sisters steamed to Casablanca, French Morocco, where their light anti-aircraft guns were removed on 21 January 1943 and then to the Charlestown Navy Yard in Boston to be modernized. Arriving on 21 February, "Le Fantasque"s refit lasted until 25 June and included the addition of a British Type 128D ASDIC system, installation of SA early-warning and SF surface search radars, the removal of her aft torpedo tubes and the conversion of some boiler feedwater tanks to fuel oil to improve her range. Her AA armament now consisted of eight Bofors guns in a quadruple mount superfiring over the aft 138.6 mm guns, and two twin mounts forward of the aft funnel; eight Oerlikon guns were also added in single mounts, four on the sides of the bridge and the remaining guns on platforms on the aft superstructure. These changes added about to her displacement; during speed trials on 12 June, the ship reached . After the refit, she was reclassified as a light cruiser and the 10th Scout Division was redesignated as the 10th Light Cruiser Division (). Despite the modernization work in Boston, the ships' turbines were prone to frequent breakdowns during heavy use and required a lot of maintenance. To compensate, the French adopted a policy of keeping two of the three ships in the 10th Light Cruiser Division (LCD) operational at any one time while the third ship was repaired.
The ship arrived back at Casablanca on 18 July and then in Algiers a week later after which "Le Fantasque" escorted a few convoys. Together with "Le Terrible", she sortied in search of Axis shipping off Scalea, Italy, on 20–21 August, where the ships engaged Italian motor torpedo boats and then in the Bay of Naples on 21–22 August. The sisters were among the escorts for the British Force H during the Salerno landings (Operation Avalanche) on 9 September and helped to shoot down a German aircraft that night. As the Germans began evacuating Corsica on 10 September, the Allies began landing troops. Between the nights of 13/14 and 22/23 September, "Le Fantasque" helped to landed 3,750 troops at Ajaccio, along with of supplies. The ship was lightly damaged when she ran aground at Ajaccio on her last mission. On 17 October "Le Fantasque" and "Le Terrible" departed Oran on 17 October to rendezvous with the battleship at the Azores and escorted her to Mers-el-Kébir. The following month, the sisters conducted two unsuccessful raids searching for German shipping in the Aegean Sea on 19–24 November in conjunction with the British light cruiser . On 24 December, she intercepted the German cargo ship "Nicoline Maersk" and forced the freighter to beach herself to avoid capture. Shortly afterwards the sisters were transferred to the Azores to hunt for German blockade runners (Operation Stonewall). After the Allied victory during the Battle of the Bay of Biscay on the 28th, the sisters sailed to Gibraltar, but only stayed a few days before returning to the Azores to continue their search for blockade runners.
During the Allied landings at Anzio, Italy, on 22 January, "Le Fantasque" carried out a diversionary bombardment of Civitavecchia and then bombarded Formia and Terracina the following day. In late February the 10th LCD was tasked to conduct deep raids in the Adriatic in search of German shipping. The first two raids on 27–29 February were unsuccessful, but on the night of 29 February/1 March they encountered a heavily escorted cargo ship. "Le Fantasque" and "Le Malin" sank the freighter and heavily damaged the torpedo boat and a corvette in the Battle of Ist. Further sweeps were fruitless although the cruisers bombarded Zante on the night of 7/8 March. On the night of 18/19 March, "Le Fantasque" and "Le Terrible" encountered a German convoy and sank two Siebel ferries and damaged two other ferries. Both cruisers were struck by return fire that wounded eight men aboard "Le Fantasque" and one crewman on "Le Terrible". The ships were refitted and then transferred to Alexandria, Egypt, to conduct patrols south of Crete and in the Aegean in April where they had no engagements other than a bombardment of Kos. Transferred back to the Adriatic in June, "Le Fantasque" and "Le Terrible" sank the small oil tanker on the 17th. During the last raid on the night of 24/25, "Le Fantasque"s port propeller shaft began vibrating which limited her to a speed of . On 15 August, the 10th LCD provided naval gunfire support during Operation Dragoon, the Allied landing in Provence, "Le Fantasque" firing 280 shells from her main guns. Together with "Le Terrible", "Le Fantasque" escorted "Richelieu" to Toulon on 1 October.
Postwar activities.
"Le Fantasque" arrived in Saigon, French Indochina, on 27 October 1945 and alternated with "Le Triomphant" in providing gunfire support to the French garrison at Nha Trang and then supporting French forces on the coast of the Gulf of Tonkin. The sisters participated in a naval review in Ha Long Bay on 24 March 1946. "Le Fantasque" then made a show the flag cruise to Japan in May–June and departed Saigon for Metropolitan France on 4 July. On 1 January 1947, the 10th LCD was combined with the 4th Division of Cruisers into the Cruiser Group; during this time, only two of the four surviving ships of the class were active at any one time because of a shortage of trained personnel. "Le Fantasque" was active in March–September before beginning a major refit that lasted until May 1948. She was recommissioned on 12 July and remained on active duty until decommissioned in August 1950. The ship was supposed to begin a refit in Bizerte, French Tunisia, but this was canceled because her condition was too poor and she was placed in the reserve. All of the "Le Fantasque"-class ships were reclassified as escort destroyers, 1st class () on 1 July 1951 and then as fast escorts () in 1953. "Le Fantasque" was towed to Saint-Mandrier-sur-Mer in September 1953, stricken from the Navy List that year and scrapped in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="6979101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979101" title="John J Connolly">
John J Connolly



</doc>
<doc id="6979102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979102" title="Japanese moss balls">
Japanese moss balls



</doc>
<doc id="6979105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979105" title="Japanese moss ball">
Japanese moss ball



</doc>
<doc id="6979107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979107" title="Marshall University air disaster (1970)">
Marshall University air disaster (1970)



</doc>
<doc id="6979110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979110" title="Lambda (association)">
Lambda (association)

Lambda is an association for gay people in Odense, Denmark, founded in 1993. The community wants to strengthen the identities of gays and lesbians, and work with other gay communities for gay rights.
The name Lambda.
The organizations name originated from the Greek letter L λ, derived from a mythical regiment of Greek warriors said to have carried a flag with the Lambda sign in front of them on their way to war. 
The character was chosen by a group of activists in 1970, as a symbol of the homopolitical movement, and gay associations and projects throughout the world have since added the name Lambda into their name.
History.
The Danish National Association of Gays and Lesbians ("Landsforeningen for Bøsser og Lesbiske" or "LBL") originally had a local division in Odense, which between 1991 and 1993 hosted the Discotek club and ran the Café Pan in Sankt Anne Gade in central Odense. When the club was closed down, the whole board resigned in protest, and when the LBL didn't succeed in rebuilding the local division in Odense, a group of people decided to make a new gay community. They founded Lambda on 11 September 1993, after a meeting in Brandts Klædefabrik in Odense. In 1994 Pan Odense had to close again, and a lot of gay people didn't have a place to party. Lambda rented premises in the basement of Vindegade 100, with a café open on every Friday and Saturday, and a big Rainbowparty every other weekend until June 2005. In June 2005, Lambda had to move, as the building was going to be used for apartments. In October 2007 a new location was found in Odense Centrum.
In autumn 2005, Lambda started a collaboration with Studenterhus Odense, which was completed at the end of the year, due to the fact that Student Housing Odense had a mess in the economy, thus creating a residency for the association. Since March 2006 and 2007, Lambda had a party for homoseksuality at Club Retro / Boubous while the board worked to find new premises. 
From 2008 to 2010, the association has held parties in collaboration with a number of cafés and clubs in the city, including Blomsten and Bien, Mozaik and Globe.
Brogade.
At the club's 15th birthday, September 11, 2008, the association opened its doors for its new café in Brogade 3 in Odense . The association had taken over the premises already in November 2007, but the renovation of the premises, taken over after the "Optimist", pulled out. The renovation was largely done using voluntary labor.
The premises in Brogade must be considered a compromise in relation to what the association intended for relocating from Vindegade. The association had wanted premises that were located in street level opposite the premises in Vindegade, which were relatively hidden in the basement level. There was also a desire to be closer to the city center, and there should be room for both association activities and to have a café and disco. Brogade is located not closer to the city and there is also no room for big parties in the premises. On the other hand, the premises are in street level and there is room for both café and association activities.
Lambda's café is relatively well attended and had in 2009 a turnover of 356.000 kr.
Activities.
There is ongoing collaboration with the Culture Machine in Odense, where Lambda's monthly parties are held. 
In addition, the association has cafe operations in Brogade 3, 5000 Odense C every Thursday, Friday and Saturday. In addition, there are several activities during the year. mentioned Copenhagen Pride.
Lambda's Groups.
Lambda has from the outset set up different groups aimed at different target groups. The association has among other things had an MC group, film group, youth group.
Rainbow Kids.
Rainbow Kids (formerly Family Group) focus on Rainbow families and have a number of social activities. The group is not so visible in the association itself as they do not meet in the association's premises.
Advice.
Advice is the group's most active group. Advice is offered to people with doubts about sexual orientation and / or gender identity.
Info group.
The Info Group (formerly Go-Out Group) visits schools, associations and other interested in lectures on homosexuality. Among other things, the group is present on behalf of Lambda at the University of Southern Denmark's Studstartsmesse in Odense. The lectures are based on prejudices about homosexuality.
Lambda News.
Lambda News was the association's membership magazine, published six times a year in the even months. In 2006, lambda news was through a crisis, without premises, many of Lambda's members fell off, and not many contributed to the member magazine. At the same time, the magazine was long without editor to collect the articles. This resulted in a fusion with other small local magazines in the province and they started the magazine Fusion . The merger has since been closed, and the association currently has no member magazine. Instead, the magazine is published "Out &amp; About".

</doc>
<doc id="6979114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979114" title="Da hood">
Da hood



</doc>
<doc id="6979115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979115" title="Cladophora ball">
Cladophora ball



</doc>
<doc id="6979118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979118" title="Bridge Street (Manhattan)">
Bridge Street (Manhattan)

Bridge Street is a street in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan in New York City, running two blocks from State Street in the west to Broad Street in the east. It intersects Whitehall Street.
History.
In the mid 17th century, the city of New Amsterdam, the Dutch settlers created a canal called (Gentlemen Canal). After the Conquest of New Netherland it was renamed by the English to Broad Street in 1692. One of the three bridges crossing the Heere Gracht at that time was at the end of (). The street name was anglicized to Bridge Street.

</doc>
<doc id="6979119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979119" title="Aegagropila linnaei">
Aegagropila linnaei



</doc>
<doc id="6979121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979121" title="Odessi">
Odessi

Odessi is Mick Parks, Mick Wilson of Tilt and Andy Moor, Martin Smith (Leama). They are well known for their singles "Moments of Space", "Beautiful Malika", and "Over Again". The first two were released on Baroque Records and the third on Primal Records. Their music has appeared in the Renaissance series and Global Underground series.

</doc>
<doc id="6979124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979124" title="Cladophora aegagropila">
Cladophora aegagropila



</doc>
<doc id="6979127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979127" title="Edmund Happold">
Edmund Happold

Sir Edmund Happold (8 November 1930 – 12 January 1996) was a British structural engineer and founder of Buro Happold.
Career.
Happold was the son of Frank Happold, Professor of Biochemistry at Leeds University. After an unpleasant time at Leeds Grammar School, (where he had refused, as a pacifist, to join the army-sponsored Junior Training Corps), he was sent to Bootham School, York. He studied geology at the University of Leeds. His mother was a lifelong socialist. A lifelong Quaker, he registered as a conscientious objector when called to do National Service, and was directed to work as an agricultural labourer and then truck driver and dragline operator. This aroused his interest in construction, so he returned to Leeds University, where he achieved a BSc in Civil Engineering in 1957. After graduation, he spent a short time in the office of Alvar Aalto before joining Ove Arup and Partners on the recommendation of architect Basil Spence. At Ove Arup and Partners he worked with Povl Ahm, engineer for St Michael's Cathedral in Coventry. Happold studied architecture in the evenings.
In 1959 Happold moved to work with Fred Severud (a civil engineer whose work included the structural design of Madison Square Garden and the Gateway Arch in St. Louis, and engineer for Eero Saarinen who died June 1990 in Miami Florida) in New York, before returning to London to work with Ove Arup and Partners in 1961. At the time Lambeth's Borough Architect Ted Hollamby was looking for a bright, socially motivated engineer who could assist with the engineering of public buildings and Happold was recommended to the role. Notable developments in Lambeth was the housing estate at Central Hill, at Kennington and the public library and auditorium at West Norwood, which Happold chose as the venue for his marriage to his wife Eve.
After becoming head of Structures 3 at Ove Arup and Partners in 1967, he worked on landmark buildings such as the Sydney Opera House and the Pompidou Centre, of which Richard Rogers said at a lecture at Bath University: 'Of course, it was all Ted's idea'.
He collaborated with Frei Otto, setting up a laboratory to study lightweight tensile structures with Ian Liddell, Vera Straka, Peter Rice and Michael Dickson.
Leaving Arup in 1976 after Arup refused to allow him to start an office in Bath, he became professor of Architecture and Engineering Design at the University of Bath and founded Buro Happold with seven colleagues. He helped set up the Centre for Window and Cladding Technology at Bath, as well as a research group in air-supported structures.
He was appointed a Royal Designer for Industry, a member of the Design Council, Vice-President of the Royal Society of Arts, and Master of the Royal Designer for Industry. He also founded the Building Industry Council, later to become the Construction Industry Council, and was President of the Institution of Structural Engineers in 1986-87. He died at his home in Bath whilst waiting for a heart transplant.
Awards.
Amongst other awards, he received the Guthrie Brown Medal in 1970, the Eiffel Medal from the Ecole Centrale de Paris, the Kerensky Medal from the International Association for Bridge and Structural design, and the IStructE Gold Medal in 1991. He was knighted in 1994 for his services to engineering, architecture and education.

</doc>
<doc id="6979128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979128" title="Cladophora sauteri">
Cladophora sauteri



</doc>
<doc id="6979130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979130" title="SS Tarpon (1887)">
SS Tarpon (1887)

SS "Tarpon (originally called Naugatuck") was a ship which sank in 1937 near Panama City, Florida, United States. The shipwreck is located off the shore of Panama City. It became the sixth Florida Underwater Archaeological Preserve when it was dedicated in 1997. In May 2001, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The twin-screwed steamship "Tarpon" was built in 1887, at Wilmington Delaware by shipbuilders Pusey and Jones. She was originally christened "Naugatuck". She was long, and her beam was . The superstructure and passenger areas of the vessel were wood and the hull was iron. She was powered by twin steam engines driving iron screws.
The ship was sent back to the manufacturer in 1891, after being sold by the original owner. The hull was lengthened by and she was renamed "Tarpon". In 1902 she was sold to The Pensacola, St Andrews, and Gulf Steamship Company. Captain Willis Green Barrow took command, and captained the ship for 30 years.
"Tarpon" sailed weekly runs from Mobile, Pensacola, St. Andrews Bay, Apalachacola, and Carrabelle, making the trip 1,735 times.
On August 30, 1937 "Tarpon" was loaded in Mobile with 200 tons of cargo and 31 people including the crew. Despite a forecast of calm weather, the wind began to pick up, and the heavily-laden ship took on water in the high seas. Despite jettisoning cargo, the ship foundered with heavy loss of life.

</doc>
<doc id="6979138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979138" title="Aldona (opera)">
Aldona (opera)



</doc>
<doc id="6979139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979139" title="De facto monopolies">
De facto monopolies



</doc>
<doc id="6979143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979143" title="Max Früh">
Max Früh

Max Früh is a small German specialist construction company mostly building bridges. It was established in 1908.
One of its flagship projects was the construction of the Pierre Pflimlin bridge over the Rhine south of Strasbourg in the early 2000s together with Bilfinger Berger. 

</doc>
<doc id="6979159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979159" title="1907 Finnish parliamentary election">
1907 Finnish parliamentary election

Parliamentary elections were held in the Grand Duchy of Finland on 15 and 16 March 1907. They were the first parliamentary election in which members were elected to the new Parliament of Finland by universal suffrage and the first in the world in which female members were elected.
Background.
The election followed the parliamentary reform of 1906 which replaced the Diet of Finland, which was based on the Estates and had its institutional roots in the period of Swedish reign, with a modern unicameral parliament of 200 MPs. The reform was agreed upon after a general strike in Finland in 1905 during which demands for a parliamentary reform arose especially among the Socialists. This coincided with similar development in Russia which too saw a general strike and, after the Russo-Japanese War, the birth of a new institution, the Duma. This background explains why Emperor Nicholas II of Russia allowed parliamentary reform in Finland.
All political factions of Finland reached an agreement on the reform and the first elections were set for 1907. The 1906 reform ended the first period of attempted Russification in the Grand Duchy of Finland which had begun in 1899 and seen such dramatic episodes as the assassination of Nikolai Bobrikov, the Governor-General of Finland, in 1904.
Before the election of 1907 the legislative power in the Grand Duchy had been vested in the Diet of the Estates, an age old institution of four Estates (the nobility, the clergy, the burghers and the peasants) deriving from the period of Swedish rule and representing only a small portion of the people. This kind of institution had become quite ancient by the early years of the 20th century. The new unicameral parliament was to have 200 MPs, all elected by universal and equal suffrage of citizens over 24 years of age. Women as well were allowed to vote and stand for election; Finnish women were the first in Europe to receive these rights. Previously only New Zealand and South Australia had approved universal female suffrage, and Finland was the second to grant women the right to stand as candidates.
Electoral system.
The voting system was designed to allow voters the choice between a simple list vote and expressing more particular preferences. A voter could vote for a party list of candidates by marking it with a red line. Alternatively, the voter could rank up to three names from among the candidates on any list in order of preference. Even further, a voter could vote for up to three persons from outside the lists by entering their names. The D'Hondt method was used to allocate seats after the list votes, preference votes and off-list votes were put together according to a somewhat complex procedure.
Campaign.
The language strife of Finland was an important issue in the late 19th and early 20th century Finnish politics. Thus the first political parties of Finland, the Finnish Party and the Swedish Party, were born respectively around Fennoman and Svecoman ideas. A Liberal party was founded but soon also dissolved. The Finnish party was later split into the supporters of the "Old Finns," and the "Young Finns" who founded a party of their own. An even more important event was the founding of a Socialist party in 1899. First called the Finnish Labour Party, it adopted the name Social Democratic Party of Finland in 1903 and sought the support of the urban working class and the rural landless population. Universal suffrage was naturally very important for these groups since they had no political power in the Diet of the Estates. In 1906 the Agrarian League was founded to represent the interests of peasants and in the same year the Swedish Party adopted its present name, the Swedish People's Party. The topics of the campaign into the election touched for example social issues and the parties' stances to the Russification attempts.
Results.
The results of the first parliamentary election in Finnish history were somewhat a surprise for the traditional parties; the Social Democrats emerged as clear winners, winning 80 of the 200 seats, making them the largest faction in Parliament. Of the right-wing or centre-right parties the Finnish Party gained the most seats with 59, followed by the Young Finnish Party with 26 and the Swedish People's Party with 24. The Agrarian League won only nine seats but in the following years its support grew rapidly.
As a result of the election the representatives of workers and the landless people (the Social Democrats) became the largest group in the parliament, whereas previously they had no political representation whatsoever in the legislative body.
Women too gained representation; 19 female MPs were elected. They became the first female MPs in the world. They included Lucina Hagman, Miina Sillanpää, Anni Huotari, Hilja Pärssinen, Hedvig Gebhard, Ida Aalle-Teljo, Mimmi Kanervo, Eveliina Ala-Kulju, Hilda Käkikoski, Liisi Kivioja, Sandra Lehtinen, Dagmar Neovius, Maria Raunio, Alexandra Gripenberg, Iida Vemmelpuu, Maria Laine, Jenny Upari and Hilma Räsänen. Many had expected more. A few women realised that the women of Finland needed to seize this opportunity and organisation and education would be required. Newly elected MPs Lucina Hagman and Maikki Friberg together with Olga Oinola, Aldyth Hultin, Mathilda von Troil, Ellinor Ingman-Ivalo, Sofia Streng and Olga Österberg founded the Finnish Women's Association's first branch in Helsinki.
Aftermath.
The joy of the Social Democrats over their victory proved to be short lasting. The second period of attempted Russification in the Grand Duchy of Finland began the following year and the Russian Emperor dissolved the Parliament of Finland on numerous occasions in 1908–1917. During World War I the parliament did not convene for a long time. Thus the Social Democrats were not able to push through most of their desired reforms during these final years of the period of Finland's autonomy, despite being able to keep their position as the largest party in all elections of this period. As a result, many Socialist supporters lost their initially high hopes for the parliament elected by universal suffrage. This in turn was one factor among others in the development which led to the Finnish Civil War in 1918.
The 100th anniversary of the first Finnish Parliament was selected as the main motif for a high value commemorative coin, the €2 100th Anniversary of the Finnish Parliamentary commemorative coin, minted in 2006. The obverse shows the silhouette of a woman's and a man's hands, and below the hands ballots being inserted in a ballot-box. On the reverse, two stylized faces in the centre part, one male and the other female, separated by a thin curved line is depicted. They symbolize the equality of genders, as does the fact that the pictorial subjects on both sides are equal in respect to the centre of the coin.

</doc>
<doc id="6979161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979161" title="Ensoniq VFX">
Ensoniq VFX

The Ensoniq VFX Synth was initially released as a performance type synthesizer in 1989. It was soon followed by the release of the VFX-SD, which included some updated waveforms (drum waves), a 24-track sequencer and a floppy drive. Both models were equipped with the Ensoniq Signal Processing (ESP) chip for 24-bit effects. The VFX-SD also included two AUX outs, which allowed for a total of 4 outputs from the synth for more routing flexibility. The initial models were 21-voice polyphony, and in latter models of the VFX-SD (I/II) and the SD-1, the polyphony was 32. 
There were many features that caused this synth line to be popular. Some of these were:
Synthesis types.
The VFX employed 3 types of synthesis: Transwave Wavetable Synthesis, Sample playback and Subtractive Synthesis. The Transwaves gave the VFX a unique sound as the only other instruments (at the time) using wavetable synthesis were the Waldorf Microwave and PPG Wave machines. The wavetable positions and directions of scan could be modulated in a variety of ways, giving a very animated and "alive" sound when programmed correctly. Transwaves are also the only way to get the typical resonance sound since the filters of the VFX did not have a resonance parameter. The waveforms in the original VFX and early VFX-SD synths are 16-bit resolution with a sample frequency of approximately 39 kHz. They covered the standard list of piano, bass, guitar, string and solo varieties, as well as many others, all to Ensoniq's high quality. The VFX can be very deep and atmospheric by combining the waveforms themselves; however, a single sound can contain up to 6 oscillators at a time, providing for some complex layered and detuned sounds. The voice structuring, comprehensive matrix modulation, controller keyboard settings and performance capabilities are pretty advanced and versatile for a synthesizer of this vintage.
Performance capabilities.
The performance capabilities of the VFX's made it a favorite for live musicians, as up to three voices can be selected, combined into a Preset (20 user presets in memory at a time, 40 built-in) to play from at any given time and saved in a custom-programmed setup (each sound in the PRESET allowed for Transpose, Output Routing, MIDI channel assignments, EFX routing/selection, etc.). Since each voice could be made of up to six individual sounds, the possibilities were very wide-ranging, such as using different key-ranges/splits for each of the six voices (although it significantly ate up polyphony). One particular feature that the VFX (and VFX-SD series) had was "Poly-Key Pressure" (better known as Polyphonic Aftertouch). This allowed the player to add modulation to each "single" note when playing chords. Most synths use the more common (and less expensive to manufacture) "Channels Aftertouch" which adds equal modulation to all keys at a time on a given MIDI channel.
An Ensoniq specialty that appeared in almost all of their products were the two "PATCH SELECT" buttons above the Pitch/Modulation wheels. These two buttons were used to select four different oscillator combinations of a sound. The mapping was fully programmable and was invaluable for creating more versatile sounds for performance.
Ensoniq had other MIDI modes in addition to the standard Omni and Multi modes: Mono A and Mono B. These were particularly effective when using a guitar synth and allowed for more realistic playing of the sounds. Mono A allowed for the same sound to be played across the MIDI channels and Mono B allowed for each MIDI channel to have a different sound.
The sequencer.
The sequencer (not included in the first VFX version) works in a sequence/song type fashion that allows 12 pattern tracks and 12 parallel song tracks. A full set of editing tools are available, and can be done on specific time ranges set by the user: filtering events, merging tracks, quantize (at up to 96ppq), copy, paste, erase, etc. Because of the large fluorescent display, a lot of information and parameters are available at any one time, making the sequencer very intuitive to work with. Auditioning of tracks after a recording or editing changes allows the user to "KEEP" or "CANCEL" a take if needed.
The sequencer capacity is ~25,000 notes, but could be expanded to ~75,000 notes with an optional memory expansion kit. The sequencer also allows for external MIDI input recording from other instruments. This can be done either one track (MIDI channel) at a time or in multi mode with several tracks (MIDI channels) being recorded at once. This makes it easy to also record multi channel sequences from other MIDI-instruments in to the VFX-SD. 
In 'Sequence' mode, the different patterns can be arranged and named (e.g. as 'Intro', 'Verse', 'Bridge', 'Ending', 'Part 1' etc.), and arranged in any order to make a finished song. Each pattern can be repeated up to 99 times each, which can save a lot of sequencer memory by, for example, recording a standard 2-bar drum/bass/piano part, then repeating it 8 times to make a 16-bar Verse. Tempo changes for each pattern could be programmed in to the patterns themselves or in song mode, to speed up or slow down the tempo at certain points. The user could also change the effects on a 'per-pattern' basis, allowing for more dramatic changes in the song, although that would make the output mute for a moment, if a different effect were selected. 
'Song' mode also allows for an additional 12 tracks with their own track parameters. This is similar to having 12 "tape-like" tracks, and can be used for live-like piano playing or solos and such, which may be difficult to put into the individual sequences. By also using external sound devices (or other MIDI gear), very complex arrangements are possible, triggering many different types of MIDI devices. Some users would use the sequencer live, and use some of the extra tracks to change programs on other MIDI enabled devices (light controllers, guitar processors, vocal FX processors etc.). This sequencer can be found in later Ensoniq models -- the VFX-SD (I) and VFX-SD (II), the SD-1, TS series and the SQ series.
Storage.
The VFX-SD also added a floppy disk drive, for additional data archiving purposes, and are used for: single sounds, sets of 6 or sets of 30 sounds, whole banks (60 sounds), single presets, 20-presets bank, single sequence, whole songs etc. Very(!) versatile indeed.
The format was proprietary to Ensoniq, but shared by the VFX, the EPS sampler and all later models, although cross-loading amongst different models was limited. Since it was not MS-DOS compatible, a niche industry sprang up to service the needs of musicians.
Also, SYS-EX information can be used to send/receive sounds/songs etc. and make parameter changes from a computer software editor.
Reliability.
The main problem with the VFX line was its reliability. Because of the Poly-Key pressure and keybed design (which was in three pieces), it was prone to bending and breaking at the solder points, causing the keyboard not to calibrate when turned on. It took Ensoniq quite a long time to remedy this problem in the future models (VFX-SD I/II) and they created a somewhat disappointed customer base. Another problem with the synth was its ability to get very warm and cause heat-related issues. The heat sink itself would get hot to the touch and cause other problems with heating up the internals of the board, causing 'meltdown' issues (although this mostly happened on US-models). These problems were corrected in future versions and other models within the company, and can easily be solved on existing models as well.

</doc>
<doc id="6979168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979168" title="Andy Moor (producer)">
Andy Moor (producer)

Andy Moor (born Andrew Beardmore; 16 January 1980) is an English trance DJ, producer and remixer. He used multiple aliases in the past and was part of many other acts such as Tilt, Whiteroom, Leama &amp; Moor, and Zoo DJs.
Moor received several awards, including a Grammy Award nomination in December 2007, for his remix of Canadian artist Delerium with "Angelicus" featuring vocals from Isabel Bayrakdarian, ‘Best Dance Record,’ at the 2006 International Dance Music Awards at the Winter Music Conference in Miami and, ‘Best Trance Producer’ and ‘Best Trance Track’ at the ‘Trance Awards’" in 2004, ranked in the top 15 DJs in the world numerous times by DJ Mag with a vast and loyal following.
Moor is known for production techniques such as vocal chops and unique bass lines. Andy Moor's sound is described as finely tuned, melodic soundscapes floating above prominent, clever bass lines. Moor is best known for his own style of progressive trance, but also produced music in other genres.
He also remixed tracks for major artists, including Paul Oakenfold, Brian Eno, Tiësto, Armin van Buuren, Britney Spears and Arthur Baker.
Early life.
Andy Moor began playing piano at the age of 5 and could play six more instruments by the age of 10. Moor spun his first record at 13, signed his first label release at 19, by 21 was playing crowds of tens of thousands and at 25 owned his own record label AVA Recordings.
"When I was young I was encouraged to play musical instruments and started to play the piano; the recorder was compulsory at school, and then the Bassoon, so I developed an understanding of music theory from a young age. But my real passion was this electronic music that I was hearing, such as Jean Michelle Jarre etc. I was desperate to know how to make those synth sounds and as I grew older was frustrated by an M1 keyboard at school that nobody knew how to use, so I started to sequence that from an atari. By this time I was into early Sasha sets and other EDM music I was managing to get tapes of, so I started DJing using my friends equipment. After spending time sitting in a local studio, learning... it all went from there..."
Career.
Production career.
In addition to his contributions under his own name, Moor worked as a producer for other names. Moor contributed to the UK trance act Tilt and resulted in the critically acclaimed album, "Explorer".
He is one half of the trance act ‘Whiteroom’ with Adam White, whose title track was commended by Armin Van Buuren and Above &amp; Beyond as the best trance production of 2004 and in 2005 picked up ‘Best Production’ and ‘Best Trance Track’ at the Trance Awards.
Moor collaborated in 2005 on Above &amp; Beyond ‘Air For Life’, which was named 2005's ‘Tune Of The Year’ by listeners of Armin Van Buuren's radio show A State Of Trance, it won ‘Best Underground Dance Track’ at the Miami Winter Music Conference, and won ‘Best Trance Track’ in 2006.
Moor is also one half of UK melodic progressive house act, Leama &amp; Moor, whose 2006 album ‘Common Ground’ included vocal contributions from Britney Spears and Avril Lavigne to Orbital, Tiesto, Brian Eno and Paul Oakenfold.
2009 saw the release of Breaking the Silence Vol. 1 on AVA/Armada.
Andy has mixed a variety of compilation series, such as ‘Trance Nation’ from Ministry of Sound, ASOT 500 and his own ‘Breaking the Silence’ series on AVA Recordings and was asked to host the legendary A State of Trance radio show on numerous occasions.
In July 2012, Andy Moor released a full-length debut solo artist album Zero Point One, which received positive reviews from DJ Mag and Mixmag. Zero Point One has 18 tracks, and features collaborations with vocalists Meredith Call, Carrie Skipper, Sue McLaren and Betsie Larkin as well as producers Orkidea and Ashley Wallbridge.
“I had been writing the album for many years, but as I was nearing the end, I decided to scrap the older tracks and start over with new ones,” says Andy. “So this version of the album contains tracks made in the last six months, despite the entire process taking years."
In September 2014 Andy Moor reunited with vocalist Betsie Larkin for a collaboration entitled ‘Not Afraid’, following their prior collaboration ‘Love Again’ on Zero Point One.
For the 100th release of his record label, AVA Recordings, Andy Moor collaborated with Somna and vocalist Amy Kirkpatrick to create ‘One Thing About You’, which topped the Beatport Trance Chart. Moor also released a signature Eco Mix of the track.
In 2015, Andy Moor collaborated with RAM and Christina Novelli on ‘All Gone,’ which was released on Armin Van Buuren’s Who’s Afraid Of 138?! label.
In 2016 Andy Moor released ‘Resurrection’.
DJ career.
Andy Moor has been touring since the age of 19 and has been ranked in the top 15 DJs in the world numerous times according to DJ mag. He has performed at hundreds of festivals worldwide, including Tomorrowland in Belgium, A State of Trance in Guatemala City, Southwest 4 in London and A State Of Trance in Utrecht.
After spending many years touring relentlessly week after week Andy now chooses to sustain a balanced, healthy approach to touring; ensuring time gaps and studio time are accounted for (Interview 2017 Luminosity) .
"Don’t do it because you want to be “famous” or for reasons other than the love of the music. This love of music shows through in productions and performances, and with today's technology being so readily available it separates the run of the mill from the meaningful music." He allowed cameras to follow him on tour for his YouTube channel AndyMoorTV from 2009, creating an early version of today's VLOG 
Moor Music.
Moor Music is the name of Andy Moor's Podcast and Radio Show, aired on AfterHours.FM / AH.FM and Sirius XM Radio on every 2nd and 4th Wednesday of the month. Moor Music aired its milestone 250th episode in January 2020. Andy has hosted radio shows such as A State of Trance (filling in for Armin van Buuren) and featured as a guest artist in hundreds of other shows worldwide.
AVA Recordings.
In early 2006, Andy Moor founded his own record label - AVA Recordings; curating a collection of high quality melodic electronic dance music, featuring artists such as Orkidea, Tritonal, Ashley Wallbridge, Lange, TyDi, Sunny Lax, Ben Nicky, Sean Tyas and RAM.
AVA has worked with aspiring producers, such as on the AVA NuBreed EP series. Some artists who have begun at AVA Recordings include Ashley Wallbridge, Mat Zo, tyDi, and Tritonal.
A quote from Andy Moor regarding AVA Recordings policy: "We will aim to sustain the same music policy, releasing quality, melodic, electronic dance music. We enjoy supporting new artists and working closely with them to develop and nurture their talent."
Discography.
Selected singles and remixes.
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022

</doc>
<doc id="6979177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979177" title="Bilfinger &amp; Berger">
Bilfinger &amp; Berger



</doc>
<doc id="6979181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979181" title="Arun Vaidya">
Arun Vaidya



</doc>
<doc id="6979182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979182" title="Bilfinger and berger">
Bilfinger and berger



</doc>
<doc id="6979187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979187" title="One Hit Wonder">
One Hit Wonder

A one-hit wonder is a musical artist known for only one hit single.
One Hit Wonder or One-Hit Wonder may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6979188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979188" title="Centro Brasileiro de Pesquisas Físicas">
Centro Brasileiro de Pesquisas Físicas

The Brazilian Center for Research in Physics (, CBPF) is a physics research center in the Urca neighborhood of Rio de Janeiro sponsored by the Brazilian National Council for Scientific and Technological Development (CNPq), linked to the Ministry of Science and Technology. CBPF was founded in 1949 from a joint effort of Cesar Lattes, José Leite Lopes, and Jayme Tiomno. Throughout its existence, CBPF became an internationally renowned research institution, organizing several international meetings and hosting many renowned physicists, like Richard Feynman and J. Robert Oppenheimer. It was also the starting point of important Brazilian institutions, like the National Institute for Pure and Applied Mathematics (IMPA), the National Laboratory for Scientific Computation (LNCC) and the National Laboratory of Synchrotron Light (LNLS). Since its creation, CBPF has been one of the most important Physics research institutions in Brazil, and its graduate program ranks among the best in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="6979201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979201" title="Jan Randall">
Jan Randall

Jan Randall (born July 26, 1952) is a Canadian composer, singer songwriter and professional musician. He has had an extensive career composing sound tracks, performing original songs, and improvising music for comedy theatre. He is also known as a music director, teacher, and classical music composer. His original classical piano sheet music is available through his publishing company Vista Heights Music.
Songs.
His first solo concert was at Giuseppi's Pizza in January 1972, at the age of 19, in Edmonton, Alberta. Posters of many concerts he gave at folk clubs like the Hovel, Barricade Coffee House, Room at the Top are available to view online at the Edmonton Public library archive. Across Canada, he performed at the Regina Folk Festival in 1976 and around Toronto and Montreal after joining Second City Theatre in the early 1980s. In 1981 he joined the funk band Etcetera in Tampa Florida after meeting the guitarist Michael Marth who was playing a Vegas style show in Deerhurst Ontario. On returning to Edmonton the following year, he performed as a sideman for many local bands, including Amos Garrett.
"Good Fair World" (2008) was his first solo recording project which was followed with a world promotional tour that included LA, Memphis, New York, London, Berlin and Rome. His latest release of original songs, "Wait in Line" (2020) is available through Apple Music, SoundCloud and Spotify.
Randall composed and performed over 60 original comedy songs for CBC Radio's "The Irrelevant Show" (2012–2017) featuring parodies in the styles of Joni Mitchell, Prince, Cher, Luciano Paverotti, Loreena McKennitt, Johnny Cash, Leonard Cohen, Barry White, Frank Sinatra, and Elvis Presley. Popular songs from this series include an "operetta" about texting, Pavarotti doing his taxes, and Joni Mitchell complaining about Boxing Day sales.
He continues to write songs today that reflect his blues, jazz, folk and world music influences. His lyrics often have a dramatic narrative with a humorous or satirical undercurrent.
Composer.
In 1971, Randall passed an audition to begin music studies at the University of Alberta as a Theory and Composition major even though at the time he could not read music. He graduated in 1975 with a Bachelor of Music, majoring in theory and composition. His professors there included Violet Archer who studied with Bela Bartok. Other teachers of note included Malcolm Forsyth, Isobel Ralston, and Alexandra Munn. In 1976 he received a scholarship to attend the Banff School of Fine Arts, followed by jazz studies at Macewan University and North Texas State University.
In January 2014, he performed a classical piano concert of his original solo works at the McDougall United Church that included his "Piano Sonata No. 1" and a collection of Impromptus. In 2016, Randall and Ina Dykstra started Vista Heights Music, a sheet music publishing company featuring their original piano solos. The collection includes nine books distributed internationally through Debra Wanless Music, and Long and McQuade.
Bands.
His first professional band Manna was the coming together of three rival high school bands to play original roots based songs. The act was the first to be managed and recorded by Holger Petersen for Stony Plain Records first album "The Acme Sausage Company."(1970) Several months after graduation Manna joined a North American tour of songs from Jesus Christ Superstar that included performing two of their original songs with symphony orchestra. This included Cobo Hall with the Detroit Symphony for an estimated audience of 12000 people. 
Since then he has performed as a sideman with Bo Diddley, Otis Rush, Amos Garrett, Gaye Delorme, Dave Babcock, Sha Na Na, Spencer Davis, Sam Lay (drummer for Paul Butterfield and Howlin' Wolf) and Gary U.S. Bonds. 
Recently, Randall was frontman for his blues band Rhythm Train, which evolved into the Boogie Woogie Dance Party with Steve Dubin (bass), Paul Wainwright (sax) and Jon Miller (drums). He continues to give concerts of his eclectic originals and performs stand-up comedy sets featuring his comedy songs.
Film scores and broadcast.
In 1985, he built a recording studio, Randall's Recordings, specifically for film and television music production. The studio has garnered over 700 broadcast production credits. In 1998, he won a Rosie Award for Best Composer/Musical Score for the NFB production, "Lost Over Burma", which featured narration by Christopher Plummer.
He composed music for many other documentaries for the NFB, a large body of educational programs for ACCESS, and music to underscore a decade of award-winning productions for Karvonen Films and the Discovery Channel.
In 2006, Randall began work as a radio host on CKUA radio with the Weekend Breakfast show which he produced until 2009.
Music for stage.
Stage works by Randall include "A Midsummer Night's Ice Dream" (1992) which was a commission to compose a ballet for the National Ice Theatre of Canada. It won a sterling award for Outstanding Fringe Experience. "Tangled Ice Webs" followed in 1998, after which came the third ballet "Poetry in Motion" (2006).
Randall has been the music director for the annual Banff World Television Festival (1995–2007) and performed there with many stars including John Cleese, Bob Newhart, Dame Edna Everage, Martin Short, Steve Allen, and Kelsey Grammer.
He was also the music director and Composer for both the 1996 World Figure Skating Championships, and the 2001 IAAF World Championships in Athletics. The track and field event was broadcast to an estimated four billion viewers in over 200 countries and featured 45000 dancers, the Edmonton Symphony Orchestra, 80 drummers, and the recruiting of a one thousand voice choir.
Music director/comedy improvisor.
Randall has been music director, pianist, composer and music improvisor for many theatrical comedy troupes.
His work in comedy began in the 1980s in Edmonton, Toronto, and Santa Monica collaborating with The Second City. His first show for them was directed by Catherine O'Hara, and he later worked with Robin Duke, Ron James, Debra McGrath, Richard Kind, Bruce Pirrie, Sandy Belkovske, and Mike Myers. He also appeared on "SCTV" as a Turkish border guard in the scene "The Midnight Express" where Eugene Levy and Tony Rosato play Abbott and Costello smuggling hashish. While in Santa Monica, he house sat for Ryan Stiles who was recording his first "Whose Line Is It" series in England.
Other comedy troupes Randall collaborated and performed with include Rapid Fire Theatre, and Theatresports. He was the founding music director for Die-Nasty in the early 1990s and appeared with them off and on at the Varscona Theatre and as part of the Edmonton International Fringe Festival for over 20 years. He also performed with them in London, England, in 2009 and played piano continuously for 50 straight hours as part of an improvisation marathon produced by The Sticking Place. 
He repeated this the following year at Hoxton Hall with the same group. Today he is actively involved in the comedy improv and standup comedy scene in Victoria.
Music teacher.
From 2014 to 2024, he taught music history at the University of Victoria and has offered courses in Blues, Jazz, Boogie Woogie Piano, Joni Mitchell, Leonard Cohen, Billie Holiday, Gordon Lightfoot Buffy Saint-Marie and Ella Fitzgerald.

</doc>
<doc id="6979204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979204" title="Marionapolis College">
Marionapolis College



</doc>
<doc id="6979207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979207" title="Estuary TV">
Estuary TV

Estuary TV was a local television station based in the United Kingdom.
Coverage.
Estuary TV was the UK's longest running local television station at the time of its closure. It reached approximately 140,000 homes in North and North East Lincolnshire on Virgin Media's digital television network.
Estuary TV was licensed with Ofcom.
History.
Channel 7 was originally set up in Immingham's Immage 2000 Studios in 1996 by Mark Fenty, John Trevitt and Ian Hargreaves with other Directors coming and going for the local community to showcase their talent and for information about local area and its events. The studios were officially opened in 1997 by Lord Puttnam.
The channel was purchased by the Grimsby Institute in 2001 and is a wholly owned subsidiary of the further and higher education college.
Channel 7 officially launched in January 1998 and is situated at the Grimsby Institute's main campus at Nuns' Corner. Prior to that it was situated at the Immingham Resource Centre, in the south part of Immingham, opposite Eastfield Junior and Infants school. During its time at Immingham, Channel 7 was innovative in its programming utilising talents such as Chris McRae, Stuart Hall, Rob Dabb and many others, new to TV yet excited and motivated they produced hours of television a lot of it totally live with interaction with the public. It became a must watch channel for local people with NTL. Driven by John Trevitt his enthusiasm and efforts made it something of which to be proud. Local people learned how to present and, as time went on, others joined the studio as receptionists, later to become presenters and news readers. Every one at Immage 2000 was encouraged to get involved from the receptionist to the sound engineer to the cleaner.
In their advertising breaks, like most local TV stations, their breaks consisted of PIFs from COI alongside local bona fide adverts for Grimsby's independent businesses such as GIFHE.
In 2006, Channel 7 was moved on NTL (now Virgin Media) channel 107 to 879 as part of a channel reshuffle and broadcasts from the Great Coates head-end in the Grimsby region.
On 12 September 2012, Ofcom announced that Channel 7 had been awarded the licence to operate a local TV channel for the Grimsby area. The channel rebranded as Estuary TV and began broadcasting on Freeview from the Belmont transmitting station on 26 November 2013. It was originally proposed that the channel would be renamed Lincolnshire Living.
On 31 October 2013, Estuary TV was awarded a local television licence for Scarborough with Yorkshire Coast TV, expected to launch in 2014.
The evening news team consisted of:
News Team
- Hugh Riches (Lead Presenter)
- Luke Adams (Producer &amp; Presenter)
- Jack Muscutt (Sports Presenter &amp; News Reporter)
- Fred McNamara (News Reporter)
Production Team
- Tom Reid (Senior Producer)
- Neil Crofts (Producer)
- Samantha Bayram (Technical Operator)
Senior Management
- Lia Nici (Executive Producer)
On 2 August 2018, The Grimsby Institute announced that Estuary TV would cease broadcasting on 31 August resulting in the staff losing their jobs. The Institute also announced their intention to work with a larger broadcaster to keep Local TV running in the region after the channel closes.

</doc>
<doc id="6979208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979208" title="Sharks Can't Sleep">
Sharks Can't Sleep



</doc>
<doc id="6979210" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979210" title="José Andreu García">
José Andreu García

José Antonio Andreu García (September 18, 1937 – January 10, 2019) was a Puerto Rican jurist who served as the 13th chief justice of the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico from 1992 to 2003. He was known for his moderate approach to constitutional law.
Career and education.
Andreu received his bachelor's degree in 1958 in economics from the University of Puerto Rico at Río Piedras and his law degree in 1961 from the University of Puerto Rico School of Law.
From 1963 to 1973 he held the position of District Judge, Assistant District Attorney, District Attorney and Superior Court Judge. After privately practicing law for 19 years, in 1990 Governor Rafael Hernández Colón appointed Andreu to fill a vacancy as Associate Justice in the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico. Eighteen months later he was elevated to the position of Chief Justice after the retirement of Chief Justice Víctor Pons.
Chief Justice Andreu had a brief dispute with Governor Pedro Rosselló in 1997 when Rosselló decided to have Associate Justice Baltasar Corrada del Río deliver the oath of office to him during his second inauguration. Andreu publicly said this break with tradition was unnecessary.
After eleven years at the helm of the court, Andreu decided to resign in 2003 during the governorship of Sila Calderón. Calderón initially appointed Secretary of State Ferdinand Mercado to succeed Andreu but he was rejected by the Senate. Eventually, Andreu was replaced by his colleague Associate Justice Miriam Naveira.
After his retirement from the court Andreu returned to private practice. He died from lymphoma on January 10, 2019, at his home in Tampa, Florida, at age 81.

</doc>
<doc id="6979211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979211" title="Tell It to the Sky">
Tell It to the Sky



</doc>
<doc id="6979214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979214" title="Cound Halt railway station">
Cound Halt railway station

Cound Halt was an unstaffed railway station on the Severn Valley line in Shropshire, England. It opened on 4 August 1934 and although thought by some people to have been closed as part of the Beeching axe in 1963 its planned closure pre-dated his report. The site of the station is now occupied by the beer garden of the adjacent Riverside Inn pub.

</doc>
<doc id="6979221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979221" title="Cass Cutbrush">
Cass Cutbrush



</doc>
<doc id="6979231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979231" title="Puranappu">
Puranappu



</doc>
<doc id="6979232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979232" title="1908 Finnish parliamentary election">
1908 Finnish parliamentary election

Parliamentary elections were held in the Grand Duchy of Finland on 1 and 2 July 1908.
Background.
The Russian Tsar Nicholas II dissolved the first modern and democratic Finnish Parliament after its Speaker, Pehr Evind Svinhufvud, refused, in the Tsar's opinion, to show enough respect for him when speaking at the parliamentary session's opening. In 1908, the Russian government restarted its Russification policy in Finland, limiting Finnish self-government.
Campaign.
Most Finns, including most Finnish parliamentarians, opposed the Russification, but disagreed on the means to effectively oppose it. The Social Democratic Party's supporters hoped for positive results from their party's work in Parliament, such as the growing prosperity of workers and tenant farmers, but would be disappointed during the next several elections. The other parliamentary parties, with the partial exception of the Agrarians, considered the Social Democrats' demands, such as an eight-hour workday, too radical to be implemented while Finland was trying to save its self-government. Parliament had no official control over the government, which was responsible only to the Tsar and to the Governor-General. Parliament's legislative power was also limited by the Tsar's ability to veto its laws, without a time limit on his consideration whether to veto the laws or not.

</doc>
<doc id="6979246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979246" title="Avianca Services">
Avianca Services

Avianca Services is Avianca's MRO unit in charge of commercializing and providing engineering and maintenance services, assistance in airports, and training to organizations in the aeronautical sector. Avianca Services is located at El Dorado International Airport in Bogotá, Colombia.
Accredited by the European Aviation Safety Agency, the Federal Aviation Administration of the United States of America and the Colombian Civil Aviation Authority, Avianca Services supplies its services to international airlines as Iberia, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Air Canada, Aerolíneas Argentinas and Copa Airlines; cargo airlines as DHL Aero Expreso, FedEx Express, UPS Airlines and among airlines of the country. Likewise, Avianca Services supplies training to aeronautical factories, international cargo agencies and companies of connected activities with operation in different countries of the region.

</doc>
<doc id="6979248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979248" title="Nubreed">
Nubreed



</doc>
<doc id="6979253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979253" title="Atletico Partick">
Atletico Partick

Atletico Partick is a Scottish sitcom that aired on thd BBC from 1995 to 1996. It was written by Ian Pattison and produced and directed by Colin Gilbert, who worked together on "Rab C. Nesbitt".
Plot.
The main character was Jack Roan, who is more passionate about football than he is about his wife, Karen. She finds some solace with Ally, who is more interested in having sex than in playing football. Jack's best friend is Pettigrew, whose wife is into witchcraft. The football team they play for, Atletico Partick, is in a Sunday amateur league.

</doc>
<doc id="6979255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979255" title="SS Copenhagen (1898)">
SS Copenhagen (1898)

SS "Copenhagen" is a shipwreck off the town of Lauderdale-by-the-Sea, Florida, United States. She was a cargo steamship, built in England in 1898. She was wrecked on a reef south of Hillsboro Inlet in 1900.
Building.
John Priestman and Company of Sunderland, England, built "Copenhagen" as yard number 72. She was launched on 24 February 1898 and completed that March. She was built to a standard design that Priestman sold to various shipowners. Between 1896 and 1899, Priestman built yard numbers 56, 58, 59, 65, 66, 72, 75 and 78 all to the same dimensions, and all with engines of the same size and power.
"Copenhagen"s registered length was , her beam was and her depth was . Her tonnages were and . She had a single screw, driven by a three-cylinder triple-expansion engine built by William Allan and Company of Sunderland, that was rated at 312 NHP and gave her a speed of . She also had masts, rigged as a schooner for sailing.
"Copenhagen" was completed for the Glasgow Shipowners' Company, Ltd, who appointed Glen and Company to manage her. She was registered at Glasgow, Scotland. Her United Kingdom official number was 108711 and her code letters were QBNL.
Loss.
On 20 May 1900 "Copenhagen" left Philadelphia carrying almost 5,000 tons of coal for Havana. She had a crew of 26. Her course followed the East Coast of the United States as far as Florida. On the night of 25–26 May she passed the Jupiter Inlet Light, and her Master, Captain William Jones, estimated her to be about offshore. He ordered a course change to south-southeast to keep the ship at least offshore. At about 04:20 hrs Jones retired, leaving his Chief Officer on watch.
At about 09:00 hrs on 26 May, "Copenhagen" struck Pompano Dropoff reef south of Hillsboro Inlet. Her engine was immediately stopped, and Jones ordered full astern, but she didn't move.
Two days later, a salvage vessel came to discharge "Copenhagen"s cargo to help float her off. Local people from ashore were employed to speed up transhipment of the coal. "Copenhagen", however, stayed stuck on the reef. Her loss was estimated at $250,000, and her remaining cargo $12,500.
An inquiry found Jones at fault for failing to employ proper navigation, and for not taking soundings with his lead and line. However, due to his excellent record of service, and his co-operation with the investigation, the inquiry decided not to suspend his certificate.
Hillsboro Inlet Light.
A lighthouse for Hillsboro Inlet had been requested every year since 1884. In 1901, the year after "Copenhagen" foundered, Congress finally authorised it to be built. Funding was not fully appropriated until 1903. Hillsboro Inlet Light was completed in 1907.
Wreck.
"Copenhagen"s wreck is on Pompano Dropoff at a depth varying from . During the Second World War, United States Navy fighter aircraft used it for target practice. Spent 50 caliber bullets can still be found at the site.
In June 1994 it was declared a Florida Underwater Archaeological Preserve. There is a plaque to this effect at the south end of the wreck. On 31 May 2001 it was added to the US National Register of Historic Places, with the reference number 01000532.

</doc>
<doc id="6979261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979261" title="112th Infantry Regiment (United States)">
112th Infantry Regiment (United States)

The 112th Infantry Regiment, also known as the Sixteenth Pennsylvania, is a unit in the Pennsylvania National Guard which can trace its lineage back to before the American Civil War.
Heraldic items.
Distinctive unit insignia.
Symbolism and background.
The symbolism of the distinctive unit insignia is the same as that of the coat of arms. The dates of its approval and amendment are also the same.
History.
The 1st Battalion, 112th Infantry Regiment draws its origins from Civil War era units, including the 13th, 15th, and 17th Pennsylvania Regiments and still maintains the right to possess the silver bands and battle streamers awarded for battle service in the Peninsula and Virginia 1861–1863 campaigns and for participation in the battles of Manassas, Antietam, Fredericksburg, Gettysburg, the Wilderness, and Spottsylvania. On 22 November 1878, the battalion was organized as the 16th Regiment, Pennsylvania National Guard. The regiment consisted of companies from Erie, McKean, Venango, Elk, Warren, and Crawford counties. The units were located in Erie (Co A), Bradford (Co C), Oil City (Co D), Cooperstown (Co E), Franklin (Co F), Ridgeway, Pennsylvania (Co H), Warren (Co I), and Titusville (Co K).
The 2nd Battalion, 112th Infantry Regiment's heritage can be traced back to the Logan Guards
(Lewistown) and the Bellefonte Fencibles, both organized in 1858. These units were mustered into federal service during the American Civil War. The Logan Guards were mustered as Company E, 25th Pennsylvania Volunteers and then as Company A, 46th Pennsylvania Volunteers. The Bellefonte Fencibles were mustered as Company H, 2nd Pennsylvania Volunteers. These units combined have 17 campaign streamers from the American Civil War: Po Valley, Manassas, Antietam, Chancellorsville, Gettysburg, Atlanta, Fredericksburg, Vicksburg, the Wilderness, Spottsylvania, Cold Harbor, Petersburg, Battle of Appomattox, Virginia 1861, South Carolina 1862, Mississippi 1863, Tennessee 1863.
In July 1865, these units were mustered out of federal service.
Spanish–American War (1st Battalion).
Designated as the 16th Regiment, Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, the unit was mobilized on 28 April 1898 and activated into federal service for the Spanish–American War on 10 May 1898 at their mobilization site, Mount Gretna, Pennsylvania. They sailed to Puerto Rico on 5 July 1898 and served with the 1st Brigade, 1st Division, 1st Army Corps throughout the campaign. The unit was noted for actions in the Battle of Coamo, where the regiment sustained six wounded and one killed in action during a blocking action. The unit was awarded the battle streamer marked Puerto Rico for their service. They were mustered out of federal service in December 1898.
World War I.
George C. Rickards, a career Pennsylvania National Guard officer, was promoted to colonel as commander of the 16th Pennsylvania in 1907. On 3 July 1916, the regiment was called to service for Mexican border duty, with Rickards still in command. The unit was transported to and garrisoned at El Paso, Texas for training, but was never utilized because hostilities ended.
The unit was mustered into federal service on 16 July 1917 for service in World War I, and Rickards remained its commander. On 11 October 1917 the 16th Pennsylvania Regiment was redesignated as the 112th Infantry Regiment and became part of the 28th Infantry Division. The 112th was the first war-strength National Guard regiment in the United States. The regiment reached France in May 1918 as part of the American Expeditionary Force. It went onto the line on 4 July 1918, in the Second Battle of the Marne. From that day on, the names Fismes, Fismette, Fond de Mezieres, and Argonne would never be forgotten. The second battalion's Companies G and H lost a combined total of 200 men out of 230 when they were cut off at Fismette and fended off a frontal attack on their position by a thousand German soldiers. The 112th Infantry Regiment returned home in April 1919 and was mustered out of federal service on 6 May 1919 at Camp Dix, New Jersey. The regiment was awarded battle streamers marked Champagne 1918, Champagne-Marne, Aisne-Marne, Oise-Marne, Lorraine 1918, and Meuse-Argonne for its service in France.
Rickards was promoted to brigadier general in 1919, and in 1921 he was promoted to major general and appointed Chief of the Militia Bureau, the first National Guard officer to hold the position.
Interwar period.
The 112th Infantry arrived at the port of Newport News on 4 May 1919 on the troopship USS Mercury and was demobilized 6 May 1919 at Camp Dix, New Jersey. Per the terms of the National Defense Act of 1920, the regiment was reconstituted in the National Guard in 1921, assigned to the 28th Division, and allotted to the state of Pennsylvania. It was reorganized on 1 April 1921 by redesignation of the 16th Infantry, Pennsylvania National Guard (organized on 16 October 1919; headquarters organized on 30 July 1920 and federally recognized at Grove City, Pennsylvania) as the 112th Infantry. It participated in the 150th anniversary of Cornwallis’ surrender at Yorktown, Virginia, in October 1931. The 2nd Battalion was called up for strike duty in the coal fields around Brownsville, Pennsylvania, in June 1933. The entire regiment called up to perform relief duties in connection with the flooding of the Schuylkill and Susquehanna Rivers in April 1936. The regimental headquarters was relocated 1 August 1937 to Kane, Pennsylvania. The regiment conducted annual summer training most years at Mount Gretna, Pennsylvania, 1921–34 and Indiantown Gap, Pennsylvania, 1935–38. The regiment was inducted into federal service on 17 February 1941 and moved to Indiantown Gap, where it arrived on 27 February 1941.
World War II.
The regiment was again called to active federal service on 17 February 1941, 10 months prior to the attack on Pearl Harbor. After years of training, the unit first entered the continent of Europe on the Normandy beaches following the D-Day landing. It became the 112th Infantry Regimental Combat Team which consisted of the 112th Infantry Regiment, the 229th Field Artillery Battalion, the 103rd Engineer Battalion, Company C, 447th Antiaircraft Artillery Battalion, and Company C, 630th Tank Destroyer Battalion. 28th Division commander James E. Wharton was in his first day of command when a German sniper shot him while he was at the 112th Infantry's command post. The regiment plowed through France and Germany, participating in the capture of Paris and the bitter fighting in the Huertgen Forest. At one point, after the fight for Kommerscheidt, the regiment was reduced to 300 men. During December 1944, the 112th Infantry Regimental Combat Team was holding a 6-1/2-mile long sector which the Germans attacked with nine divisions. The unit inflicted 1600 casualties and destroyed eighteen tanks during nine days of continuous action, that was later known as the Battle of the Bulge. The regiment was awarded battle streamers marked Normandy, Northern France, Ardennes-Alsace, Rhineland, and Central Europe for its service in World War II. The unit was also awarded the Distinguished Unit Citation for its actions during the Battle of the Bulge, from 16 to 24 December 1944. The unit was mustered out of federal service on 6 December 1945 at Camp Gordon, Georgia.
The 112th remained an organic unit of the 28th Infantry Division throughout World War II.
Operation Iraqi Freedom.
In 2004–2005, A Company, 1st Battalion, was deployed with Task Force Dragoon to Tikrit Iraq.
Both the 1st and 2d Battalions deployed with the rest of the 56th Stryker Brigade Combat Team on 19 September 2008. They conducted full spectrum operations in and around Baghdad, Iraq. The main body of the 1st Battalion was stationed at Camp Taji while the main body of the 2d was stationed at Camp Liberty on the Victory Base Complex. The 2d Battalion's Civilian Military Operations unit (S-9) oversaw the distribution of roughly $20 million to the Iraqi people in efforts to stabilize the Iraqi economy and build public works projects including police stations, schools, hospitals, fire departments, youth centers, and water pumping stations. The 56th redeployed to America toward the end of 2009.
Timeline (2nd Battalion).
The Bellefonte unit was redesignated Troop L, 103d Cavalry. The Bellefonte unit was mustered into federal service in January 1941 as Battery B, 190th Field Artillery.
The Lewistown unit was redesignated as Machine Gun Troop, 104th Cavalry, 22nd Cavalry Division. This unit was redesignated as Service Battery, 166th Field Artillery, then Headquarters Battery, 3rd Battalion 166th Field Artillery, then Headquarters Battery, 2nd Battalion 166th Field Artillery and was mustered into federal service for World War II in February 1941.
The Tyrone unit was mustered into federal service for World War II as Troop B, 104th Mechanized Cavalry Reconnaissance Squadron.
The Huntingdon unit went through several redesignations including a quartermaster company and finally Headquarters and Headquarters Detachment of the 154th Transportation Truck Battalion.
Company A, 110th Infantry (Everett) and Company G, 110th Infantry (Altoona) unit were both mustered into federal service for World War II in February 1941. The other Altoona unit was mustered into federal service for home station duty during World War II as Battery B, 200th Field Artillery.
Commanders.
2nd Battalion
1st Battalion
Campaign participation.
1st Battalion.
Civil War silver bands:
Battle streamers:
Operation Iraqi Freedom
Unit decoration: Presidential Unit Citation, 16–23 Dec 1944 112th Infantry
2nd Battalion.
Civil War silver bands:
Po Valley-Manassas-Antietam-Chancellorsville-Gettysburg-Atlanta-Fredericksburg-Vicksburg-Wilderness-Spotsylvania-Cold Harbor-Petersburg-Appomattox-Virginia 1861-South Carolina 1862-Mississippi 1863-Tennessee 1863
Battle streamers:

</doc>
<doc id="6979268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979268" title="Behind the Music that Sucks">
Behind the Music that Sucks

Behind the Music that Sucks is a series of comic pieces produced by, and appearing on, Heavy.com, a broadband entertainment website. The segments feature humorous jabs at pop stars and celebrities. The shorts run approximately three minutes each and employ cutout animation based largely on celebrity photographs and stock images. In addition to the Internet, the series has been broadcast on television in Canada, Japan, Israel, Sweden, the United Kingdom, and the United States.
Production and broadcast.
Conceived as a parody of VH1's popular biography show "Behind the Music", "Behind the Music that Sucks" was created by Dave Carson, a composer, and Simon Assaad, a filmmaker, in 1998. The series consists of segments featuring humorous jabs at pop stars and celebrities. Each segment runs approximately three minutes each and employs cutout animation based largely on celebrity photographs and stock images. After the series became popular on the Internet, Carson and Assaad founded Heavy.com in 1999, where "Behind the Music that Sucks" became the flagship series. In 2005, production resumed after a three-year hiatus. The program has been broadcast on television in Japan, Israel, the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada, and Sweden. In spite of a period of inactivity, the original run of "Behind the Music that Sucks" never left syndication, remaining available on Heavy.com and Comcast digital cable's on demand service. "Behind the Music that Sucks", having managed to outlive the show it was based on, continues to be one of the site's most well-known properties.
Episodes.
The following is a list of acts, many of whom were also featured on the original VH1 program, that have been lampooned during the series' run. Occasionally, non-musical entities have been sent up by the series as well, such as the iPod, MySpace, "The OC" and the first child of Britney Spears and Kevin Federline.
Reception.
Britney Spears and the Bloodhound Gang have reportedly seen their segments on "Behind the Music that Sucks" and "loved" them. "Entertainment Weekly"'s Ann Limpert wrote in her review of the series: "[...] You'll quickly find your way to these rude animated spoofs of VH1's "Behind the Music" that chronicle the lives of such easy targets as Streisand, Puff Daddy, and Jewel. The site does away with the soft lighting of the real BTM to showcase some truly squirm-inducing images (a self-pleasuring Marilyn Manson, the Pope looking at Britney Spears centerfolds). The real fun lies in watching the virtual artists say what's been behind their faces all along." Roger Gathman of "The Austin Chronicle" said: "Sometimes the humor is inspired, as when a young but very budding Mariah Carey tries out for a Christian cartoon network. Sometimes the joke is that females have big breasts. Cartoon jiggling is big on "Behind the Music That Sucks"." Mike Durrett of About.com wrote: "Not satisfied to churn out simple pastiches of political incorrectness, the creative team shrieks with an exhilarating display of mean-spirited vulgarity, profanity, sacrilege and violence. Ironically, modern day music is regularly that, so comeuppance is served. It's only rock-and-roll, but I laugh at it."
Kate Stables of "The Guardian" called "Behind the Music that Sucks" a "wonderful pastiche" of "Behind the Music", and highlighted the parodies of Barbra Streisand and Billy Joel. Marc Savlov of "The Austin Chronicle" said all segments of "Behind the Music that Sucks" "are more or less guaranteed to either a) make you laff, or b) make you gag." In a review of a hip-hop DVD collection of the series, Paul Lingas of Audio Video Revolution wrote: "These spoofs capture all of the seriousness that makes "Behind the Music" such a popular program and twists it into something very amusing. Thankfully, each one of the segments is very short, preserving the novelty of the approach for each segment and sparing us when the segments simply aren't funny. In the end, this is a somewhat amusing collection of profane and obnoxious slams against hip-hop artists, though some are much better than others. Those who don’t like these people will get a kick out of the spoof segments but little more, and as for fans of these artists, I think they might enjoy them just a little bit, too."
Marc Juris, president of MuchMusic, said about the series: "Musicians are a wonderfully creative bunch, with both the art they create and the oversized adventures and myths they generate as they travel the ladder of fame. This series pokes fun at their outrageous behavior and the television institution that makes a business of amplifying their climb, crash and burn, and ultimate redemption. For the stars, it's a chance to laugh at themselves; for the creators of "Behind the Music" it shows that imitation and exaggeration of their stock and trade is the most sincere form of flattery." A reviewer for "The Gazette" commented, "[...] At least after a couple of glasses of wine, these spoofs of Paris Hilton, Creed and Ted Nugent seemed downright hilarious, even if the animation looks like it was drawn by a 5-year-old."

</doc>
<doc id="6979271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979271" title="Chromobacterium violaceum">
Chromobacterium violaceum

Chromobacterium violaceum is a Gram-negative, facultative anaerobic, non-sporing coccobacillus. It is motile with the help of a single flagellum which is located at the pole of the coccobacillus. Usually, there are one or two more lateral flagella as well. It is part of the normal flora of water and soil of tropical and sub-tropical regions of the world. It produces a natural antibiotic called "violacein", which may be useful for the treatment of colon and other cancers. It grows readily on nutrient agar, producing distinctive smooth low convex colonies with a characteristic striking dark violet metallic sheen (due to violacein production). Some strains of the bacteria which do not produce this pigment have also been reported. It has the ability to break down tarballs.
Biochemistry.
"C. violaceum" ferments glucose, trehalose, "N"-acetylglucosamine and gluconate but not L-arabinose, D-galactose, or D-maltose. It is positive for catalase and oxidase reactions. Bacterial isolates in many cases can show high level resistance to a range of antibiotics.
Medical significance.
"C. violaceum" rarely infects humans, but when it does it causes skin lesions, sepsis, and liver abscesses that may be fatal. The first reported case of "Chromobacterium violaceum" infection in humans in literature is from Malaysia in 1927. Only 150 cases have been reported in literature since then. To date, cases have been reported from Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Cuba, India, Japan, Nigeria, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, United States and Vietnam. The most common mode of entry of the bacteria into the body is through the injured skin coming in contact with soil or water containing the bacteria. The disease usually starts as a limited infection of the skin at the point of entry of the bacteria, which progresses to necrotizing metastatic lesions, then multiple abscesses of the liver, lung, spleen, skin, lymph nodes or brain, leading to severe septicaemia, culminating in multiorgan failure which may be fatal. Other reported pathologies include chronic granulomatosis, osteomyelitis, cellulitis, diarrhoea, septic spondylitis, conjunctivitis, periorbital and ocular infection. Care must be taken because "Burkholderia pseudomallei" is commonly misidentified as "C. violaceum" by many common identification methods. The two are readily distinguished because "B. pseudomallei" produces large wrinkled colonies, whereas "C. violaceum" produces a distinctive violet pigment.
"C. violaceum" produces a number of natural antibiotics:
It has been described as a cause of infection in gibbons.
Treatment.
Infection caused by "C. violaceum" is rare, therefore there are no clinical trials evaluating different treatments. Antibiotics that have been used to successfully treat "C. violaceum" include pefloxacin, ciprofloxacin, amikacin, and co-trimoxazole. Other antibiotics that appear to be effective "in vitro" include chloramphenicol and tetracycline. For theoretical reasons, infection would not be expected to respond to penicillins, cephalosporins, or aztreonam, although carbapenems like meropenem or imipenem may possibly work. Though the bacteria is reported to be resistant to first generation cephalosporins, susceptibility to the newer cephalosporins is variable.
Genome.
The complete genome was sequenced and the results were published in 2003. "C. violaceum" type strain ATCC 12472 was found to have 4,751,080 base pairs with a G + C content of 64.83% and 4,431 ORFs.

</doc>
<doc id="6979272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979272" title="Cavan Senior Football Championship">
Cavan Senior Football Championship

The Cavan Senior Football Championship is an annual Gaelic Athletic Association club competition between the top Cavan Gaelic football clubs. It was first competed for in 1888. The winners get the Oliver Plunkett Cup and qualifies to represent their county in the Ulster Club Championship and in turn, go on to the All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship. Cornafean have won the most titles, having been victorious 20 times. The 2024 Senior football champions are Crosserlough who beat Ramor United in the final.
Format.
12 teams contest the Kyte Powertech Senior Football Championship.
The championship is run on a league basis up to the Quarter-Final stage and Knock-out thereafter. Each team play 4 rounds in the league phase against different opponents with the fixtures decided by a random draw at the conclusion of each round. Placings in the league stage are decided in accordance with rule 6.21 of the GAA Official Guide 2016 as amended below:
6.21 (4) If a Championship is partly organised on a League basis, the following Regulations shall apply:
(a) League Results shall be credited as follows: 2 points for a win, and one for a draw.
(b) If a Team is Disqualified or Retires during the course of a League Stage, its played games shall stand and its un-played games shall be awarded to the opposing teams..
The top 8 teams in the league progress to the Quarter-Finals while the bottom 4 placed teams in the league enter a Relegation Playoff with 1 team to be relegated to the Cavan Intermediate Football Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="6979276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979276" title="A Weekend in the City">
A Weekend in the City

A Weekend in the City is the second studio album by British indie rock band Bloc Party. It was recorded at Grouse Lodge Studios in Westmeath, Ireland, in mid-2006 and was produced by Jacknife Lee. The album was refined and mixed at several locations in London at the end of 2006. It was released on 24 January 2007 in Japan and in the first week of February in the rest of the world, with Wichita Recordings as the primary label. The album peaked at number two on the UK Albums Chart and on the Irish Albums Chart. In the United States, it entered the "Billboard" 200 at number 12.
Bloc Party worked to craft an album that distanced them from the conventional guitar band set-up by incorporating more electronically processed beats and additional instrumentation. Computer programs were extensively used to enrich and amend recorded takes, while a string sextet was hired to perform on some of the tracks. The subject matter of frontman and chief lyricist Kele Okereke's lyrics for "A Weekend in the City" covers issues such as drug use, sexuality, and the media's use of moral panic surrounding issues such as terrorism. The album's three original singles, "The Prayer", "I Still Remember", and "Hunting for Witches", address these themes respectively.
Bloc Party's new musical directions and more forthright lyrics either impressed or alienated critics. Reviewers generally treated "A Weekend in the City" as an important stepping stone for the band members in their quest for musical maturity, while "The Guardian" included it in its list of the "1000 Albums To Hear Before You Die". In November 2007, the album was re-released globally—with the final single, "Flux", as a bonus track—to coincide with Bloc Party's extensive touring schedule.
Origins.
All band members of Bloc Party conceived "A Weekend in the City" during 2005 while on tour in support of their critically acclaimed debut album "Silent Alarm". Despite missing their home city of London, the quartet became increasingly disillusioned with the culture in the area each time they sporadically returned. Band member Gordon Moakes has noted, "The contrast we saw between being away on tour and being home ... we would see that London wasn't changing really and that the people we'd grown up with were part of that." Okereke wrote many songs in 2005 and early 2006 and used a concept he called "Urbanite Relaxation" to expand upon the themes of life and leisure in the metropolis. The band recorded around 30 soundchecks for the initial lyrics using a MiniDisc player. The rest of the tracks were written in April 2006 before they entered the studio recording process.
The band members drew up a shortlist of possible producers in early 2006, which included dance music-oriented staff such as Chemical Brothers sound engineer Steve Dub and high-profile producers like Garret "Jacknife" Lee. At the time, Moakes told "Rolling Stone" that the album would hopefully include electronic, processed beats and a sound in the vein of alternative rock band Radiohead and indie rock ensemble TV on the Radio. Bloc Party wanted to expand their sonic palette without losing the musical "jerkiness" of "Silent Alarm". They selected Lee—who had worked with world-renowned act U2 and indie rock band Snow Patrol—based on the rapport that developed between the two parties while recording the demo song "I Still Remember", which later appeared in "A Weekend in the City".
Moakes has explained the choice of producer by stating that the band members were looking to work with someone who could help them craft an accomplished album, "although as much as anything it's about finding someone who you'd want to spend six weeks in an enclosed space with". Before the studio sessions, Bloc Party listened to varied musical sources, from composers Philip Glass, György Ligeti, and Krzysztof Penderecki to urban artists Amerie and Missy Elliott. The band members were largely disillusioned with the evolution of contemporary guitar music and aimed to re-create the highly stylised production values of R&amp;B and hip-hop records, while relying on an atmosphere similar to neo-classical music.
Recording.
In mid-2006, Bloc Party travelled to Lee's Grouse Lodge Studios in Westmeath, Ireland, to record "A Weekend in the City". The band members initially worked by experimenting with their respective instruments and sound check arrangements. Moakes additionally focused on using different types of synthesiser. All parties soon moved to the main recording room, a large area with "a lot of natural ambience" according to sound engineer Tom McFall. A makeshift booth was built around the back of the drum kit to reduce any sonic interference, while a roof was sometimes used over drummer Matt Tong to isolate a pure sound. Different types of microphones were used for each component of the drum kit. The miking scheme was crucial to prepare the drum tracks for the looping and processing Lee planned using production program Logic.
The band worked by setting up all the instruments with only a single power amplifier. McFall has pointed out that distorted and heavily compressed mics were used to capture some of the room's ambience "to add a bit of grit" to the instrumental tracks; the recordings were often processed further using distressors, special types of compressor noted for their distinctively aggressive sound. The production staff tried other unconventional effects once the basic tracks were recorded. The band sometimes performed while Tong's kit was re-amped and played sections live while a brick was placed on the sustain pedal of a piano to capture the vibrations during the performances. During the six weeks at Grouse Lodge, Bloc Party tried multiple versions of songs and, at times, attempted playing live alongside recorded versions of the same track.
Lee recorded everything using Pro Tools and treated the parts as individual stereo files in Logic. The drum and guitar tracks were processed using computers. Much of the synthesiser-sounding parts of the album were generated by Russell Lissack's lead guitar following his extensive use of pedal effects. Lee added the live string, synth, drum machine, sample, and ambient noise tracks to create an expansive, hyper-stereophonic final product. After finishing the instrumental album, Bloc Party left Ireland to continue touring. Okereke later returned to Lee's studio to add the vocal tracks to the album; he has noted that he tried to "convey range and dynamics" rather than simply yelp the lyrics. Several track names were changed following the voice sessions: "Merge on the Freeway" became "Song for Clay (Disappear Here)", "A Prayer to the Lord" was renamed "The Prayer", "Wet" became "On", and "Perfect Teens" was renamed "Where Is Home?".
Promotion and release.
Bloc Party confirmed a preliminary track list of 13 songs in August 2006; this included future bonus tracks "England" and "We Were Lovers". A low-quality rip of "A Weekend in the City" was leaked in November and showed a track list of 11 songs. Wichita Recordings did not comment, but the band members were quoted as being worried about a reduction in the potential impact of the album's content and sales. Bloc Party started a promotional tour of North America the same month with Panic! at the Disco, but cut it short after three concerts when Tong suffered a collapsed lung. The focus was changed to interviews throughout the world to explain the album's stylised lyrics and composition in the run-up to its release.
Final tweaks on the album were completed in December 2006 in London. A high-quality version was leaked in January 2007 and its contents were confirmed by Okereke. Journalists who obtained an official copy of the album's final mix suggested that it featured electronically tampered rock soundscapes in the vein of Radiohead, New Order, and Björk. Bloc Party previewed "A Weekend in the City" in its entirety on 24 January 2007 at the Bournemouth Old Firestation, a performance which coincided with the Japanese release of the album. The first single, "The Prayer", was released on 29 January. The band performed at a special BBC Radio 1 showcase at Maida Vale Studios on 30 January as a precursor to a February promotional tour of the UK.
The album was released in the rest of the world in the first week of February. The title comes as a tangent to the central theme of the album, "the living noise of a metropolis". The cover art is part of "A Modern Project" by German photographer Rut Blees Luxemburg, famous for her night cityscapes of London and for the cover art of The Streets' "Original Pirate Material". The photograph is an aerial image of London's Westway, which shows the road and the adjacent sports pitches lit by the sodium glow of street lamps, and was chosen because the band believed "it was important we captured London breathing". Luxemburg has explained that "in this picture you can see how intricately and optimistically public space in the city is shared".
Content.
Lyrics.
Okereke's lyrics attempt to juxtapose the monotonous events—nights out on club dancefloors and waiting for a train—with the seemingly epic experiences—terrorist attacks and racial angst—witnessed in a city environment. The direct narrative approach divided reviewers. BBC's Tom Young concluded, "Some will appreciate Kele's openness and revel in his philosophical focus on modern lives ... others will be too distracted by questionable content such as ... lines about sudoku to take Okereke's grumbles into consideration." Okereke has conceded that he was disappointed with the abstraction in "Silent Alarm"; he used The Smiths as inspiration to try to make a personal album with "a real centre". The lyricist has noted, "I wanted it to be a snapshot, a frozen moment in time. Like in a city, with thousands of stories going on at once, layered on top of each other ... Although I might be speaking through the voice of a character, I'm still expressing, perhaps, my sentiments."
The words to "Where Is Home?" begin at the funeral of Christopher Alaneme, a black teenager stabbed to death in Kent in April 2006 in a racially motivated attack. Okereke has described him as a "cousin" due to their Nigerian mothers' close friendship. The track castigates right-wing newspapers for perpetuating a hysterical fear of black youths in hoodies, an action which often leads to opportunities being denied to the Black British community at large. Populist media is also the target of "Hunting for Witches" (with the right-wing tabloid "Daily Mail" being singled out for criticism), whose subject matter is terrorism, namely the 7 July 2005 London bombings. Okereke has stated, "I guess the point about the song for me is post-September 11th, the media has really traded on fear and the use of fear in controlling people."
Two songs, "Kreuzberg" and "I Still Remember", explore sexuality and homosexuality; the former is an account of promiscuity in the Berlin area of the same name, while the latter details an unrequited crush of a boy for his schoolmate.
The leading track, "Song for Clay (Disappear Here)", was inspired by "Less than Zero", a novel by Bret Easton Ellis which depicts excessive hedonism and its effects on individuals. The song title references the protagonist Clay and a billboard in the book which displays the phrase "Disappear Here", while the action is relocated to Les Trois Garçons restaurant in Shoreditch, East London. "Waiting for the 7.18" provides an escapist counterpoint by mentioning a trip to Brighton following disillusionment with working life in the capital. The fifth song on "A Weekend in the City", "Uniform", references London again and criticises the youth subculture in the area. It is directly inspired by Douglas Rushkoff's "Merchants of Cool" documentary, which details the corporate exploitation of popular culture by advertisement companies.
Okereke read Guy Debord's "The Society of the Spectacle" and Henri Lefebvre's "Critique of Everyday Life", works which analyse how people experience leisure in modern societies, and was inspired to pen several songs which detail the drug and drink culture present in a metropolis. "The Prayer" is based on drug use during nights out in clubs, while "On" specifies the effects and after-effects of cocaine. Okereke tried to treat the tracks as explanations of people's actions, rather than moralising tales; he has stated, "In a time when so many people feel they can't communicate or feel hemmed in, I can see the appeal of cocaine." "Sunday" details the morning-after hangover following a drunken and promiscuous night out, while "SRXT" takes the form of a suicide note following the loneliness and despair of hedonism in the metropolis. The album closer is named after Seroxat, a trade name for the antidepressant paroxetine, and was crafted following the suicide attempts of two of Okereke's friends after they left university in 2005.
Composition.
"A Weekend in the City" is largely built around a mix of distorted and layered guitars, electronic elements, and multilayered vocals. The creation of compositions required a high level of technical proficiency and led to songs "tinged with discord". The opening section of "Song for Clay (Disappear Here)" includes a bare falsetto, while "Hunting for Witches" starts with a John Cage-like collage of spliced voices from random radio broadcasts as its main rhythm. The rest of the second track makes extensive use of guitar pedal effects and includes a heavily distorted riff. Moakes has pointed out that the original sound check of "Waiting for the 7.18" was a ballad with a simple rhythmic pattern on the glockenspiel before the band members added a drum and bass section to its second half. "Kreuzberg", "I Still Remember", and "Sunday" are the few songs to provide a counterpoint to the musical manipulation on the rest of the album by having more conventional indie rock arrangements; Moakes has called the compositions "lush, without being too syrupy".
In "A Weekend in the City", layered vocals are often used to resemble choral sections, for example in the middle of "The Prayer" and throughout "Uniform", which has over 100 stacked vocal tracks. "SRXT" is a chiming ballad directly inspired by Brian Eno's "By This River" and incorporates double-tracked lead and background vocals. Synthetic aspects—drum machines, synths, and computer glitches—were included as integral parts of compositions. "The Prayer" is built around a computer sample and includes MTV Base-inspired urban contemporary beats and a prominent guitar solo towards the end. "On" is also a computer-reworked live take. Half of the song was recorded as a series of loops of drum beats and bass guitar chords. The recorded take was split in two to make up the first and last quarters of the track, while the middle section was intentionally left blank for the band to improvise in. "On" is one of two songs, together with "Where Is Home?", to use a string sextet. The latter track includes erratic rhythms and clashing guitars.
Critical reception.
Media response to "A Weekend in the City" was mixed, but generally positive; aggregating website Metacritic reports a normalised rating of 65/100 based on 30 critical reviews. Louis Pattison of "NME" described the album as "tender and reflective, edgy and embittered; a difficult and emotional beast that jolts with nervous electricity" and pointed out that its notable achievement is that it finds moments of genuine contentment amidst "a maelstrom of anger and confusion". Allmusic's Heather Phares did not find the album as immediate as Bloc Party's earlier work, but noted that "its gradual move from alienation to connection and hope is just as bold as "Silent Alarm", and possibly even more resonant". Drowned in Sound's Mike Diver called it "dirty, dishevelled, unsure and paranoid; fearful, easily distracted, boisterous and ashamed; reckless, wild, nervous and terrified; graceful, thought-provoking, clumsy and contradictory ... and very nearly perfect." Jeff Miller of the "Chicago Tribune" concluded, "For Bloc Party, "Silent Alarm" was a baby step and this is a giant leap."
Michael Endelman of "Entertainment Weekly" was less receptive and stated, "Too often, the music on "A Weekend in the City" is less memorable than the ambitious subject matter." Robert Christgau, reviewing for "Rolling Stone", suggested that the album fails because it lacks "killer choruses", while Sia Michel of "The New York Times" wrote that the multitracked vocals and baroque effects do not have "the wiry catchiness" of Bloc Party's previous work. Mike Schiller of PopMatters commented that the sonic direction the band had moved to was unsuited to the members' musical strengths, while Dorian Lynskey of "The Guardian" stated "grand statements are not earnest frontman Kele Okereke's forte...there's barely a song that isn't kneecapped by one of Okereke's lyrical clangers".
The album was named by "Los Angeles Times" in its unnumbered shortlist of the best releases of 2007. It figured in several other end-of-year best album lists, notably, at number eight by Gigwise, at number nine by "Hot Press", and at number ten by "The A.V. Club". "The Guardian" included "A Weekend in the City" in its "1000 Albums To Hear Before You Die" list compiled in November 2007 and praised the band's "ambitious indie soundscapes packing a sizeable political punch".
Commercial performance.
"A Weekend in the City" was a commercial success and entered the UK Albums Chart, the Irish Albums Chart, and the Australian Albums Chart at number two. The album was listed at number 56 on the end-of-year UK Albums Chart for 2007 and was certified Gold by the British Phonographic Industry. In the US, it sold 47,726 copies in its first week of release and entered the "Billboard" 200 at number twelve, a marked improvement on predecessor "Silent Alarm" which had only made number 114 when it was released in 2005. The album also topped the "Billboard" Top Independent Albums. According to Nielsen SoundScan, it had sold 148,000 copies in the US by August 2008. More than one million copies have been sold worldwide.
The first single, "The Prayer", became Bloc Party's highest charting song on the UK Singles Chart and on the Irish Singles Chart to date by peaking at number four and number 18 respectively. The song reached number 20 in Australia and is the band's only Australian Singles Chart career entry. The next single and the first US release from the album, "I Still Remember", entered the Hot Modern Rock Tracks at number 24 and became the band's highest charting US single to date. The third single, "Hunting for Witches", failed to chart in the US, but peaked at number 22 in the UK.
Tours and re-release.
Bloc Party started a lengthy promotional world tour for "A Weekend in the City" in March 2007, which included concerts in Japan, the US—where they also headlined at the SXSW Festival in Austin, Texas—Canada, and Italy. A few UK performances in mid-April were followed by a month-long headlining tour with Biffy Clyro, which covered most of mainland Europe. Bloc Party spent the end of May and the start of June 2007 on another headlining tour of the US and were asked to play at Live Earth upon their return to London. The band performed at the main stages of several European summer fests, including Glastonbury, T in the Park, the Reading and Leeds Festivals, Oxegen, and Summercase.
Bloc Party embarked on their second major worldwide tour for the album in August 2007, playing across Australia, the US, Mexico, and Canada. Upon their return to Europe, the band performed at the BBC Electric Proms with the Exmoor Singers as backing chamber choir. The final single from "A Weekend in the City", "Flux", was released on 12 November 2007 after the European Flux Tour; a promotional CD of remixes of the song was given out free with the 14 November issue of "NME". The track gave Bloc Party another top 10 hit in the UK Singles Chart by entering at number eight. "A Weekend in the City" was re-released with "Flux" in the track list on 16 and 19 November in mainland Europe and the UK respectively.
Track listing.
Bonus tracks.
When present, all songs follow "SRXT" on the January/February 2007 release after a silent three-minute pregap.
Another B side, "Vision of Heaven" (3:32), was released as a promotional track exclusively at PureVolume.
Additional formats.
Vinyl
DVD
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "A Weekend in the City".
Bloc Party
Additional musicians
Technical personnel
Chart positions.
Year-end charts.
Singles
"—" denotes releases that did not chart.&lt;br&gt;"X" denotes song not released in a particular country.

</doc>
<doc id="6979286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979286" title="Urca de Lima">
Urca de Lima

Urca de Lima is a Spanish shipwreck (which sank in 1715) near Fort Pierce, Florida, United States. She was part of the 1715 Treasure Fleet, one of the numerous Spanish treasure fleets sailing between Spain and its colonies in the Americas. The wreck is located north of Fort Pierce Inlet, 200 yards off the shore from Jack Island Park. It became the first Florida Underwater Archaeological Preserve when dedicated in 1987. This was followed on May 31, 2001 with its addition to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Description and names.
The original name of the ship was "Santísima Trinidad". Her nickname "Urca de Lima" is derived from the Spanish term "urca" for cargo vessels and its owner Miguel de Lima y Melo. Another name for her being used in some historical sources is "Nao de Refuerzo". This name might indicate that she got reinforced for traveling routes across the Atlantic. She was a Dutch-built merchant ship of 305 tons and used by the Spanish for cargo transport between Spain and its American colonies.
Service and sinking.
In 1712 "Santísima Trinidad" ("Urca de Lima") belonged to a fleet of eight ships under the command of Juan Esteban de Ubilla, which sailed from Spain to the Americas to fetch goods and much needed bullion. The fleet arrived in Veracruz in December and due to various political and logistical issues it did not leave until the spring of 1715. In January 1715 Lima y Melo was promoted to captain of "Santísima Trinidad" by Ubilla and the ship got new masts and a hull cleaning. Some of the smaller ships were scrapped for parts to prepare the rest of the fleet for the crossing of the Atlantic. In May of the same year the four remaining ships ("Nuestra Señora de la Regla (Capitana)", "Almiranta", "San Cristobal de La Habana", "Santísima Trinidad") finally set sail for Havana. After a difficult passage they arrived there at the beginning of July.
After repairs and some additional delay Ubilla's fleet departed from Havana on July 24 to head for Cadiz in Spain. The fleet had been augmented by an additional six Spanish ships under the command of Antonio de Echeverez and the French ship "El Grifón" tagging along for protection from pirates. The Spanish ships carried various goods from the Americas and from East Asia (via Mexico), a large amount of gold bullion and about 14 million pesos of silver. "Urca de Lima", however, did not carry any gold or silver for the Spanish crown but mostly goods such as cowhides, chocolate, sassafras, incense and vanilla. In addition she also carried a few chests of private silver. A few days after leaving Havana the fleet ran into a hurricane that drove the ships towards the Florida coast and ultimately sank or grounded all ships but one. The French "El Grifón", which had sailed ahead, escaped without being aware of the fate of the rest of the fleet. More than half of the fleet's 2000 men including Ubilla and Echeverez died in the storm and some of the survivors later died of starvation, injuries and disease. "Urca de Lima" fared better than the other Spanish ships, as she managed to steer into a river inlet near Fort Pierce, where she grounded on a sandbank but with the hull remaining intact. Due to this most of her cargo and victuals did not get lost and helped to feed the survivors in the days after the storm.
The survivors on the beach were organized by Admiral Francisco Salmón, who later oversaw the salvage operations continuing until April of the following year as well. A few men traveled North in a small boat that was salvaged from the remains of the fleet. Within a week they reached St. Augustine and informed the Spanish authorities about the loss of the 1715 treasure fleet. By the end of August relief ships from Havana arrived at the site of the sunken fleet. After "Urca de Lima"s cargo was salvaged, she was burned down to the waterline to hide her position from pirates and privateers of other nations, who had become aware of the sunken treasure fleet as well. In December the pirates Henry Jennings and Charles Vane captured a Spanish mail ship and got the exact position of the main Spanish salvage camp and "Urca de Lima" from her captain, Pedro de la Vega. They surprised the camp with a superior force and Salmón had no choice but to surrender the rest of the salvaged treasure that still remained in the camp. The pirates made off with about £87,500 of gold and silver.
Discovery of the shipwreck.
The shipwreck was discovered in 1928 by William J. Beach, close to the shore near Fort Pierce. The river inlet in which "Urca de Lima" originally grounded, however, did not exist anymore due to changes in the coastline. In 1932 the city council issued the first permit for a salvage operation. The last permits were issued in 1983 and 1984. The results of those salvage operations however were rather meager, since the Spanish salvaged most of the cargo in 1715. Only one bar of silver bullion, two silver wedges and a few cannons were recovered. The city council decided to turn the wreck into an archaeological preserve. For that purpose, archaeologists examined and mapped the wreck in 1985 and in 1987 Florida's first archaeological underwater preserve was opened. It was the first of the so-called "Museums in the Sea". In 2001 the wreck was also included in the National Register of Historic Places.
In popular culture.
"Urca de Lima" is mentioned in the television series "Black Sails" (2014) as the main treasure the pirates are seeking. As the series is devised as a prequel to Robert Louis Stevenson's "Treasure Island", the cargo of "Urca de Lima" ultimately becomes the basis for the treasure buried on Treasure Island by Captain Flint.

</doc>
<doc id="6979297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979297" title="1909 Finnish parliamentary election">
1909 Finnish parliamentary election

Parliamentary elections were held in the Grand Duchy of Finland between 1 and 3 May 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="6979298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979298" title="Mel Bosser">
Mel Bosser

Melvin Edward Bosser (February 8, 1914 – March 26, 1986) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Cincinnati Reds in 1945. The 31-year-old rookie right-hander was a native of Johnstown, Pennsylvania.
Bosser is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut in relief on April 29, 1945, in a doubleheader against the St. Louis Cardinals at Crosley Field. Fifteen days later he made his first big league start and was the winning pitcher in a 5–4 game against the Philadelphia Phillies at Shibe Park. His next win came in relief on May 30, also against the Phillies. His last appearance was on June 9, and then he was released by the Reds the next day.
In a total of 7 games he was 2–0 with 2 games started, 0 complete games, and 3 games finished. In 16 innings pitched he gave up 9 hits and walked 17. However, he allowed only 6 earned runs, so his final ERA was 3.38.
Bosser died at the age of 72 in Crossville, Tennessee. He was interred in the Crossville City Cemetery in Crossville, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="6979299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979299" title="Balloon shark">
Balloon shark

The balloon shark ("Cephaloscyllium sufflans") is a species of catshark, and part of the family Scyliorhinidae, endemic to the southwestern Indian Ocean off South Africa and Mozambique. Benthic in nature, it is found over sandy and muddy flats at depths of . This thick-bodied species has a broad, flattened head and a short tail; its distinguishing traits include narrow, lobe-like skin flaps in front of the nostrils, and a dorsal color pattern of faint darker saddles on a light grayish background.
Befitting its common name, the balloon shark can inflate itself with water or air as a defense against predators. It feeds on a variety of crustaceans, cephalopods, and fishes. Reproduction is oviparous, with females producing egg cases two at a time. This species is caught incidentally in bottom trawls but does not seem to be threatened by fishing pressure, hence its assessment as near threatened by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).
Taxonomy.
British ichthyologist Charles Tate Regan described the balloon shark as "Scyliorhinus sufflans" in a 1921 issue of the scientific journal "Annals and Magazine of Natural History". He placed the species within the subgenus "Cephaloscyllium", which later authors have elevated to the rank of full genus. The type specimen measures long and was collected away from the mouth of the Umvoti River in South Africa.
Distribution and habitat.
The range of the balloon shark is likely restricted to the waters off the South African province of KwaZulu-Natal and Mozambique. Additional records from the Gulf of Aden and off Vietnam appear to represent different, yet-undescribed species. This common, bottom-dwelling shark inhabits the continental shelf and upper continental slope, at depths of . It favors sandy and muddy substrates. There appears to be geographical and/or depth segregation by age: generally only juveniles are found off KwaZulu-Natal at depths of , suggesting that most adults may be found in deeper and/or more northerly waters.
Description.
Reaching long, the balloon shark has a stout, firm body and a broad, flattened head. The snout is short and rounded, with each nostril divided by a narrow lobe on its anterior rim. The horizontally oval eyes are equipped with rudimentary nictitating membranes (protective third eyelids) and placed rather high on the head. Above and below each eye are ridges, and behind is a small spiracle. The capacious mouth forms a wide arch and lacks furrows at the corners; the upper teeth are exposed when the mouth is closed. There are around 60 upper and 44 lower tooth rows; each tooth has a strong central cusp flanked on either side by 1–2 tiny cusplets. Of the five pairs of gill slits, the third pair is the longest.
The first dorsal fin is positioned about opposite the pelvic fins; the second dorsal fin is much smaller and placed opposite the anal fin. The pectoral fins are large and broad. The pelvic fins are low; adult males have rather short, thick claspers. The anal fin is smaller than the first dorsal fin but much larger than the second, and is relatively deep. The tail is short, with a deep caudal fin that bears a small lower lobe and a ventral notch near the tip of the upper lobe. The skin is thick and roughened by well-calcified dermal denticles; each denticle is triangular and pointed. This species is light grayish brown to purplish above, including the upper surface of the pectoral fins, and paler below. A series of 6–7 faint darker saddles are present along the back and tail, which are more obvious in younger sharks. The fins lack obvious lighter margins.
Biology and ecology.
Like other members of its genus, the balloon shark is capable of greatly inflating its stomach with water or air as a defense mechanism. A juvenile long has been found in the stomach of a coelacanth ("Latimeria chalumnae"). The diet of the balloon shark consists mainly of lobsters, shrimps, and cephalopods, while bony fishes and other elasmobranchs may also be consumed. It is oviparous, with females producing encapsulated eggs two at a time, one per oviduct. Deposited eggs have yet to be recovered, implying that spawning occurs in deeper and/or more northerly waters that are frequented by the adults. Young sharks hatch at roughly long; both sexes mature at approximately long.
Human interactions.
The balloon shark has almost no economic value, though the skin may be utilized. It is regularly caught incidentally and discarded by commercial bottom trawlers operating in parts of its range, though its population does not yet appear to have been negatively impacted. As a result, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has listed this shark under near threatened, while recommending that relevant fisheries be carefully monitored.

</doc>
<doc id="6979300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979300" title="Heraldry in Spain">
Heraldry in Spain



</doc>
<doc id="6979302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979302" title="William Ure">
William Ure

William Kenneth Ure (December 22, 1913 — February 4, 2001) was a provincial level politician from Alberta, Canada. He served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1959 to 1971 sitting with the governing Social Credit caucus.
Political career.
Ure ran for as a seat to the Alberta Legislature for the first time in the Red Deer electoral district in the 1959 Alberta general election. He defeated incumbent Progressive Conservative MLA William Kirby in landslide to pick up the district for the Social Credit party.
He ran for a second term in the 1963 Alberta general election. His popular support dropped slightly, but he still easily defeated his three challengers by a wide margin to hold his seat.
Ure ran for his third term in office in the 1967 Alberta general election. He ran in a tight election against future MLA James Foster. Ure increased his popular vote slightly from the previous general election, but his margin of victory slid as Foster came a close second out of the four candidates.
The Red Deer electoral district had its boundaries changed due to redistribution in 1971. Ure ran for re-election in the new riding of Innisfail. He was defeated in a hotly contested straight fight with Progressive Conservative candidate Clifford Doan.
Ure's brother David A. Ure served as a Legislative Assembly of Alberta member for Red Deer from 1943 to 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="6979306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979306" title="Cephaloscyllium sufflans">
Cephaloscyllium sufflans



</doc>
<doc id="6979310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979310" title="Glass Cutter (song)">
Glass Cutter (song)



</doc>
<doc id="6979320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979320" title="Dead Wrong (song)">
Dead Wrong (song)

"Dead Wrong" is a song by American rapper The Notorious B.I.G. featuring fellow American rapper Eminem, taken from the former's third overall album, "Born Again." The song features background vocals from Diddy and it was released as a single posthumously in 1999. 
Critical reception.
It was received positively by music critics. Reviewing the "Born Again" album, "Rolling Stone" wrote a positive overview: "The only real find here is the awesome 'Dead Wrong', which shows B.I.G. in his prime." "A.V. Club" wrote that Eminem is a highlight.
In 2024, "Rolling Stone" ranked "Dead Wrong" at number four on their list of "The 50 Greatest Eminem Songs".
Music video.
The video was set out in a similar manner to Tupac's song "Changes", which was released in 1998, in the fact that it features clips of Biggie performing live, in interviews, clips of his music videos and showing pictures of him. Eminem appears in the video in a separate clip, rapping his lyrics in the style of a freestyle video submission. The YouTube version of the video doesn't feature him.
In other media.
This song was mashed up with Led Zeppelin's "Whole Lotta Love" from the 2006/2007 mixtape "Rock Phenomenon", which features the alternate second verse coming from the Notorious B.I.G. in legacy. The line "relax and take notes" is also put in a mix for the mixtape introduction, provided and contributed by DJ Vlad &amp; Roc Raida with Linkin Park's Mike Shinoda as the host for the album. The song was also sampled in the song "Relax And Take Notes", a song by 8Ball &amp; MJG which features Project Pat, from their 2007 album "Ridin High". The last verse and hook were performed at the Up in Smoke Tour by Eminem and D12 member Proof. 

</doc>
<doc id="6979321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979321" title="AmericanDragon">
AmericanDragon



</doc>
<doc id="6979322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979322" title="Atletico Partick AFC">
Atletico Partick AFC



</doc>
<doc id="6979323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979323" title="AmDrag">
AmDrag



</doc>
<doc id="6979324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979324" title="Communes of Niger">
Communes of Niger

The Departments of Niger are subdivided into communes. As of 2005, in the seven Regions and one Capital Area, there were 36 "départements", divided into 265 "communes", 122 "cantons" and 81 "groupements". The latter two categories cover all areas not covered by "Urban Communes" (population over 10000) or "Rural Communes" (population under 10000), and are governed by the Department, whereas Communes have (since 1999) elected councils and mayors. Additional semi-autonomous sub-divisions include "Sultanates", "Provinces" and "Tribes" ("tribus"). The Nigerien government estimates there are an additional 17000 Villages administered by "Rural Communes", while there are over 100 "Quartiers" (boroughs or neighborhoods) administered by "Urban Communes".
The territorial reorganisation of Niger's local administration, known informally as the "Decentralisation process", was carried out through a series of laws from 1998 - 2005. Most important are:
While often translated as "town", Nigerien communes are simply the third level administrative subdivision of the nation. These can be classified "Urban" or "Rural" communes, and while often identical in territory to the administrative unit of a town or city, all areas of the country fall within a commune. The communes are listed below, by Department.
Niamey.
"Communauté Urbaine de Niamey" (CUN) includes five "Urban Communes" and 99 "Quarters", each with elected representatives ("délégués de commune") to the "Council of the Communauté Urbaine de Niamey".

</doc>
<doc id="6979326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979326" title="David L. Williams (politician)">
David L. Williams (politician)

David Lewis Williams (born May 28, 1953) is an American attorney, Republican politician, and a judge from the U.S. state of Kentucky. From the year 1987 to 2012, Williams represented Senate District 16, a position he secured upon the retirement of fellow Republican Doug Moseley. When Republicans gained control of the state senate in 2000, Williams was chosen as President of the Senate, and held that post continuously until his resignation in November 2012. In 1992, he ran for the United States Senate and lost. In 2010, he announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination for governor in the 2011 gubernatorial election. On May 17, 2011, Williams secured the Republican nomination over Tea Party movement-backed Phil Moffet. However, he lost the general election by twenty points to incumbent Democratic governor Steve Beshear. In November 2012, Williams resigned his Senate seat to accept a circuit court judgeship.
Early life and family.
The only child of Lewis and Flossie Williams, David Williams was born in Burkesville in Cumberland County, Kentucky, on May 28, 1953. Lewis Williams was a schoolteacher and basketball coach, but rural Cumberland County High School was unable to pay him sufficient salary to support his family; so he ran for clerk of the Cumberland County Fiscal Court. After his initial election, the senior Williams never faced any opposition for the office, which he held for twenty-eight years. Because of his father's office, David Williams met several politicians over the years, including Republicans, Senator John Sherman Cooper and Representative Tim Lee Carter. Such contacts aroused his interest in politics. In his teenage years, he became affiliated with the Young Republicans.
While attending Cumberland County High School, Williams was a strong student and captain of the football team. He served as class president and successfully lobbied school administrators to re-instate the senior trip to Florida. After high school, he attended the University of Kentucky, where he was a member of Kappa Alpha Order fraternity. He earned a bachelor's degree in 1975; in 1977, he earned his Juris Doctor from the Brandeis School of Law at the University of Louisville. After graduation, he returned to Burkesville, where he began a law practice.
In 1976, Williams married the former Elaine Grubbs. The couple had no children. In 2001, Williams left his wife and filed for divorce, claiming the marriage was "irretrievably broken".
Williams and his second wife, Robyn Williams of Russell County, a former state district court judge, filed for divorce in September, 2012.
State representative.
Immediately after finishing law school in 1977, Williams challenged the incumbent county judge in Cumberland County. Although Republicans had a 3-to-1 voter registration advantage in the county, Williams lost the election. His next run for public office came in 1984, when he challenged incumbent legislator Richard Fryman in the Republican primary election to represent Kentucky's 53rd district (Clinton, Cumberland and Wayne counties) in the Kentucky House of Representatives. In an election where a myriad of local issues resulted in ten incumbents in the House of Representatives losing their respective primaries statewide, Williams garnered 2,450 votes to Fryman's 1,804; a third candidate, Kirby R. Ringley, got 1,519 votes. With no Democratic challenger, Williams took the seat. At age thirty-one, he was the youngest member of the House of Representatives at the time.
As a member of the House, Williams served on the Education Committee. His most notable actions were in opposition to an education reform package proposed by Governor Martha Layne Collins, a Democrat, during a special legislative session in July 1985. Williams opposed a provision of the plan that required county officials to raise additional tax revenue in order to participate in school construction program; he said that counties which were owed large amounts in delinquent taxes would have to raise tax rates above the state minimum in order to collect the requisite funds. He offered several amendments to the plan, including the repeal of a provision to pilot a career ladder program for educators and a requirement that the state retirement system pay the full health insurance premiums of retired teachers and their spouses. All of Williams' amendments were defeated, except one to maintain the same qualifications for writing aides that were required of kindergarten aides. After the session, Williams and Representative John Harper charged that Collins delayed approval of public works grant projects in their districts in retaliation for their opposition to the reform plan; Collins denied that.
State senator.
First term.
After only one term in the House, Williams announced his candidacy for the state senate in 1986. The seat, representing the 16th district (Adair, Casey, Cumberland, Green, Metcalfe, Russell and Taylor counties), was left open by the retirement of incumbent legislator Doug Moseley of Campbellsville. In the Republican primary, Williams defeated Taylor County Attorney Larry Noe, also of Campbellsville, by a vote of 6,695 to 6,032. In the general election, he beat Democrat Willard N. Smith by a vote of 14,461 to 11,534.
In 1987, Williams was named the state organizational chairman for Vice-President George H. W. Bush's presidential campaign, and he was a delegate to the 1988 Republican National Convention. Also in 1988, he became the chairman of the Cumberland County Republican Party.
In December 1988, Governor Wallace Wilkinson, a Democrat, called a special legislative session to consider the creation of a state lottery. Williams proposed an amendment, which did not pass, to allow counties to decide whether or not to sell lottery tickets, similar to the state's existing local option liquor laws. Ultimately, Williams was one of only five senators to vote against the lottery bill.
At the General Assembly's organizational session prior to the 1990 legislative session, Williams announced that he would challenge Jack Trevey for his position as Republican caucus chair. Williams lost his bid by a vote of 5 to 3.
The major issue of the 1990 legislative session was crafting a new, reformed school system due to a 1988 Kentucky Supreme Court decision that declared the entire Kentucky public school system unconstitutional. Although Williams was not a voting member of the Assembly's education task force, he regularly attended their meetings and contributed his input. When the Kentucky Education Reform Act was presented on the Senate floor, Williams supported it. His position drew the ire of many in his party not only because he crossed party lines to support the bill, but also because the bill included steep tax increases to pay for the education reforms. The bill passed, and Williams was praised by the "Lexington Herald-Leader" as one of the best legislators of 1990.
Following the 1990 session, Republican caucus chairman Jack Trevey died, and Williams gained the support of four of the Senate's seven Republicans to succeed Trevey as interim caucus chairman. Senate minority leader John Rogers was not among those who supported Williams and did not make the motion to seat Williams on the Legislative Research Commission, a seat to which Williams' position entitled him.
Second term.
After being re-elected in November 1990 without opposition, Williams challenged Rogers for the post of minority leader. The Republican Senate caucus, which gained three members in the 1990 elections, voted to retain Rogers, 6–5. Williams was subsequently stripped of several key committee positions.
Williams considered running for lieutenant governor on a ticket with Congressman Larry Hopkins in 1991, but some within the party worried that Williams' support of the Kentucky Education Reform Act – and its associated tax hike – would hurt Hopkins' ability to campaign on a platform of lowering taxes. Instead, Hopkins named Williams as his campaign manager. Hopkins defeated Larry Forgy in the Republican primary; Williams resigned as campaign manager following that primary.
During the 1992 legislative session, Williams and fellow Republican Gene Huff walked out of the Senate chambers just before a vote on a prevailing wage bill. Williams and Huff were protesting the fact that Senator Tim Shaughnessy would not allow testimony about the bill.
Near the end of the session, the House of Representatives sent three bills related to abortion to the Senate. The bills would have required the consent of a parent or judge for a teenager to receive an abortion, required the distribution of information about abortion alternatives to women seeking an abortion, and imposed additional health regulations on abortion clinics. The bills were assigned to the Senate Judiciary Committee, whose chair refused to bring them up for a committee vote. All eleven Senate Republicans filed a discharge petition to force the bills onto the floor for a vote by the full senate, but no Democrats voted for the petitions, leaving Republicans well short of the 20 votes needed for approval. Williams and fellow Senator Tim Philpot filed suit to have the Senate rules declared unconstitutional, to force a vote on the bills. The suit was based on a non-binding advisory opinion issued in 1978 by then-Attorney General Robert L. Stephens which said that legislative rules could not contradict the state constitution, and cited a section of the state constitution, "Whenever a committee refuses or fails to report a bill submitted to it in a reasonable time, the same may be called up by any member."
A Franklin County circuit court judge ruled that the committee system was not unconstitutional and further, that lawmakers could not be sued for actions taken in their capacity as legislators because of the state constitution's doctrine of separation of powers. Williams and Philpot appealed to the Kentucky Court of Appeals who, in a 2–1 decision, stated that "We believe that the appellants have raised a significant question concerning the constitutional validity" of the Senate rules, but added the Court was "not inclined to resolve that question" before the end of the legislative session. The Court of Appeals asked for a full briefing and a hearing at a later date, but Williams and Philpot appealed to the Kentucky Supreme Court in order to force action before the end of the session. The Supreme Court ruled that the case was rendered moot by the fact that the Senate's rules expire at the end of the session,
During the 1994 legislative session, Williams opposed a bill to change workers' compensation because he said it was full of loopholes and did not reduce employer costs enough, which he claimed unnecessarily inflated the cost of doing business in Kentucky and cost the state jobs. An amendment offered by Williams that would have reduced the number of claims an employee could file was rejected. Williams also charged that the bill had been unduly influenced by special interests representing doctors and lawyers and made thinly veiled accusations that legislators in the House of Representatives, including state AFL-CIO president Ron Cyrus, may have been motivated by personal interests in crafting it.
1992 U.S. Senate bid.
In 1992, Williams announced he would seek the Republican nomination to challenge incumbent Democratic senator Wendell H. Ford. In the Republican primary, Williams faced opposition from Philip Thompson, executive director of the Kentucky Republican Party and a previous president of the Kentucky Chamber of Commerce, and Denny Ormerod, a machinist from Louisville who ran only a limited campaign. Though Williams and Thompson represented opposing factions in the state Republican Party – Williams managed Larry Hopkins' 1991 primary campaign while Thompson worked full-time for Hopkins' primary opponent Larry Forgy – the two virtually ignored each other in the primary campaign, choosing instead to focus their rhetoric against Ford. Thompson did question Williams' conservative credentials on grounds that he voted in favor of the tax increase associated with the Kentucky Education Reform Act. Ormerod's campaign largely focused on socially conservative issues, but it was Williams who secured the endorsement of Kentucky Right to Life, who cited his lawsuit to free the three abortion bills from committee in the 1992 legislative session. As a result of the largely uninspiring primary campaigns, there was only an 18% voter turnout in the Republican primary. Williams won the nomination with 49,918 votes to Thompson's 25,017 and Ormerod's 7,158.
In the general election, Ford, the Senate Majority Whip and a former governor, raised $2.4 million for his campaign, about eight times the amount Williams raised. Given his limited finances, Williams relied on news conferences and interviews on small town radio stations to get his message out. Williams repeatedly lamented that Ford would not agree to a formal debate; Ford said that could not be arranged because Congress was still in session and he needed to be in Washington. During the campaign, Williams attempted to paint Ford as too liberal for Kentucky voters, citing his votes against the Gulf War and Clarence Thomas' confirmation to the U.S. Supreme Court. Both candidates declared their support for a Balanced Budget Amendment, but Williams said that Ford's support of pork barrel projects for the state and a procedural vote that kept the amendment from a vote in 1991 were evidence that Ford's support was not genuine. Williams received only 477,002 votes (36%) to Ford's 834,678 (63%).
Commonwealth Attorney race, 1993.
After his loss in November 1992, Williams declared his candidacy for Commonwealth's Attorney for the 29th district (Adair, Cumberland, Casey, and Monroe counties). He was defeated in the Republican primary in May 1993 by his childhood friend, Fred Capps. Williams cited his late start in campaigning due to a special legislative session called by Governor Brereton Jones as the main factor in his defeat.
Third term.
Williams was re-elected to his Senate seat without opposition in November 1994.
At the 1997 organizational session of the General Assembly, Senate Republicans, outnumbered 20–18, banded with four discontented Democrats from Eastern Kentucky to oust Senate President John "Eck" Rose in favor of conservative Democrat Larry Saunders. The dissident Democrats said that their region had been ignored by Senate leadership. Republicans agreed to support Saunders in exchange for more seats on the powerful Senate Appropriations and Revenue Committee, majority membership on two unspecified Senate committees, half of the seats on the Senate Education Committee, and chamber rules that reduced the power of the majority party. Under those rules, Saunders said any proposed legislation that had the votes to pass would come to the floor rather than being killed by a committee; with this provision in place, Republicans were able to pass more of their legislative agenda, including the restrictions on abortion that Williams and colleague Tim Philpot sought in the 1992 session. Williams was the only Republican who did not vote for Saunders; having already promised his vote to Rose, he abstained after the alliance of Republicans and Democrats was revealed.
In 1996, Governor Paul E. Patton, a Democrat, named Williams to his Task Force on Postsecondary Education. The group was charged with devising ways to reform the state's system of higher education, including reducing the duplication of effort between the state's community colleges and technical schools. When the plan was presented to the legislature in 1997, Williams successfully pushed for an amendment to earmark $2 million for programs to improve basic literacy education, citing estimates that up to 44% of the state's population was illiterate or not educated enough to take advantage of postsecondary education. During the 1997 session, the Kentucky Center for Public Issues, a private, nonprofit public policy center, conducted a survey of legislators, lobbyists and journalists that showed Williams as the tenth most effective state senator, second among Republicans. The same survey showed Williams as the most admired Republican in the Senate.
In February 1998, Williams was a major player in a power struggle among Senate Republicans. In the middle of the legislative session, he led an attempt to replace Republican minority leader Dan Kelly. When the Republican caucus met, Kelly survived by a vote of 9–9, but his influence was weakened by the challenge. During the caucus meeting, Williams charged Kelly ally and fellow Republican senator Gex Williams of trying to recruit an opponent for him in the Republican primary. Gex Williams readily admitted to the recruitment, saying primaries were good for the party. The incident was one of several clashes between the two Williams, who are not related. David Williams was regarded as a party moderate for, among other things, his vote in favor of the Kentucky Education Reform Act and its related tax increase; Gex Williams was a hard-line religious conservative who spent much of his career trying to repeal or weaken the Act.
Fourth term.
Despite the attempts to recruit an opponent, Williams was unopposed in his 1998 re-election bid.
In 1998, Gex Williams had entered the race to replace Jim Bunning as Fourth District congressman, David Williams backed Rick Robinson, his rival's primary opponent. David Williams claimed that he was trying to counter the effect of Gex Williams' endorsements by Gary Bauer and William Bennett, who he said were outsiders who lacked knowledge of the two House candidates. Saying he knew both candidates personally, David Williams characterized Gex Williams as mean-spirited and "a full-time anarchist". Robinson lost the primary, but Gex Williams was defeated by Democrat Ken Lucas in the general election. When Gex Williams, who did not seek re-election to his Senate seat in order to run for the House, left the chamber at the end of 1998, David Williams blocked a resolution commending his years of service, a traditional honor for long-serving legislators.
In early 1999, weakened by the attempt to remove him as floor leader, Dan Kelly did not seek the post again at the General Assembly's organizational meeting. Williams declared his candidacy for the position, and ally Charlie Borders became a candidate for minority caucus chairman. Williams' leadership team was elected, and Democrat Larry Saunders was re-elected unanimously as President of the Senate. As minority leader, Williams negotiated an agreement with Saunders to allow Republicans to hold a majority in three Senate committees and to allow Republicans to chair those committees.
In July 1999, State Senator Dan Seum of Louisville switched his party affiliation from Democrat to Republican, shifting the balance of power from a 20–18 edge for the Democrats to a tie between Democrats and Republicans. The switch called into question how legislation would proceed through the chamber. Historically, the flow of legislation on the floor had been managed by the majority leader, but with an equal number of Democrats and Republicans, neither Williams nor Democratic floor leader David Karem could be considered the majority leader. Among the options considered were allowing Karem to retain control as before, allowing Williams and Karem to alternate control daily or weekly, allowing members of the chamber to choose between the two, or flipping a coin to determine who would be in control. Bob Leeper of Paducah rendered the discussion moot when, after talking with Williams, he also switched party affiliations from Democratic to Republican in August 1999, giving Republicans control of that chamber for the first time in state history.
Following Leeper's switch, Williams announced that the Republicans, now in the majority, would oust Senate President Larry Saunders and elect a new president. Williams cited the party's deteriorating relationship with Saunders after he called a Democratic caucus meeting, held before Leeper's switch, in which Democrats pledged to block Republicans from exercising floor leadership during the upcoming legislative session. Williams called the move an act of bad faith by Saunders. Saunders pledged to resist the Republicans' ouster, claiming the state constitution called for the election of the Senate President to a two-year, uninterrupted term during the Assembly's odd-year organizational sessions and made no provision for unseating him in the interim. After requesting an advisory opinion on the issue from Attorney General Ben Chandler and threatening to take the case to the Kentucky Supreme Court, Saunders backed down in October 1999, announcing he would resign rather than wage a protracted legal battle. The move left Williams, the longest-serving Republican in the Senate and the third-longest serving members in the entire chamber, as Sauders' presumptive replacement.
With Democratic governor Paul Patton, freed from a constitutional one-term limit by a constitutional amendment in 1992, seeking re-election in 1999, Williams gave Patton his endorsement, snubbing Republican candidate Peppy Martin. Martin won the Republican nomination after most of the party's potential high-profile candidates chose not to run, citing concerns that the state's campaign finance laws would make challenging an incumbent difficult. Although Republican senator Jim Bunning endorsed Martin and encouraged fellow party leaders to do the same, most Republicans shied from Martin's candidacy because of her erratic campaign style and open support of abortion rights. In the general election Patton garnered 352,099 votes, 60.6 percent of the total; Martin finished with just 128,788 votes, barely besting Reform Party candidate Gatewood Galbraith, who received 88,930 votes.
President of the Senate, 2000–2012.
On January 5, 2000, Larry Saunders' promised resignation became official, and Williams was elected President of the Senate. The transition was generally regarded as cordial and smooth, although Democratic minority leader David Karem asked that the Senate journal reflect that the shift in majority was due to party defection, not a vote of the people. Democrats were also upset that Williams removed a minority seat from the powerful rules committee, giving the majority party a 5–3 advantage in representation. Williams defended the move, saying it was a return to the traditional composition of the committee; a 5–4 split between the majority and minority was part of a deal brokered with Saunders by Republicans for the 1998 session only, Williams said.
Williams and Democratic Speaker of the House Jody Richards both criticized Governor Patton early in the legislative session for presenting his budget and plan for tax reform to the legislature as a single package, rather than separately, as had been customary for previous governors. Elements of the tax plan – in particular, a seven-cent-per-gallon hike in the gasoline tax – were considered unlikely to pass in isolation, and Williams and Richards believed Patton had bundled the budget and tax plan in order to make it harder for legislators to oppose these elements. Senate Republicans remained firmly against enacting any new taxes for most of the session, hampering the General Assembly's ability to pass a bundled budget. Williams was able to hold his caucus together against tax increases until the last few days of the session, when they acquiesced on enacting a six percent tax on out-of-state phone calls. Still, Republicans claimed victory for having defeated Patton's larger tax plan.
During the session, Williams also forcefully criticized Patton for trying to reverse elements of a workers' compensation reform package Patton had passed during his first term and opposed a Democrat-backed plan for distributing federal money from the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement to county governments instead of allowing the state government to allocate it toward a centralized plan for reducing the state's dependence on tobacco. Late in the session, Williams accused Patton of approaching two unnamed Republican senators and asking them to vote with the Democratic caucus to oust him as Senate president. Patton acknowledged meeting with "more than two" Republican senators, but insisted that the legislators had initiated the meetings to express their displeasure with Williams' leadership and that he never asked them to help oust Williams. After the session, and in the lead-up to the 2000 legislative elections, the strained relationship between Patton and Williams deteriorated when Patton said Williams had pledged to help him pass his proposed gasoline tax increase at a meeting at the Governor's Mansion in December 1999. Patton claimed Williams had made a list of Republican senators who would support the increase, those who would oppose it, and those who might be persuaded to support it. Williams denied that he ever pledged to help pass the tax and claimed Patton might have been mistaken regarding the details of their December meeting because, during the meeting, he was "drinking liquor and talking big." "He wasn't falling down drunk. He was mouthy drunk," Williams said. The fractured relationship between Patton and Williams endured for the remainder of Patton's term in office.
In the 2000 legislative elections, Republicans maintained their 20–18 advantage in the Senate. Previously limited to 60-day meetings in even-numbered years, the Kentucky General Assembly was allowed a 30-day session in odd-numbered years by a constitutional amendment passed in 2000. As the 2001 session opened, the Republican-controlled Senate and Democrat-controlled House clashed over the makeup of joint committees that meet in the interim between legislative sessions to study issues and draft legislation for the upcoming session. Senate Republicans called for equal representation on the committees to reflect their control of that chamber; Democrats insisted that, because the House had more members, the House should be represented by more members on the joint committees. Late in the session, Williams introduced a proposal to the bipartisan Legislative Research Commission – which was made up of eight Democrats and eight Republicans – that would have allowed each chamber to name their own members to the joint interim committees, helping to resolve the parity issue. The vote was an 8–8 tie along strict party lines, and the issue remained unresolved. The disagreements over committee parity dominated the session, which counted legislation to clean up brownfield land, to outlaw racial profiling in police departments receiving state aid, and to designate the Appalachian dulcimer as the state's official musical instrument among its few accomplishments. In July 2001, Williams and House Speaker Jody Richards reached an agreement to allow committees of four representatives and three senators to meet up to three times in advance of the 2002 legislative session.
One of the items left unaddressed in the 2001 legislative session was approving a redistricting plan for the state based on the 2000 Census. Republicans advocated for Governor Patton to call a special legislative session following the 2001 regular session for the purpose of considering redistricting, but Patton refused to call such a session unless House and Senate leaders had an agreed-upon plan in place first. Republicans charged that Patton was intentionally delaying the redistricting so that the 2002 legislative elections would take place with districts drawn by the Democrat-controlled General Assembly a decade earlier to favor Democratic candidates. Patton denied that charge. In September 2001, a group of Democratic senators claimed that the official census figures underrepresented the state's population by approximately 50,000 people, especially minorities, children, and the homeless. They asked that the Census Bureau release scientifically adjusted figures that would account for those underrepresented populations. Williams decried this request as another attempt by Democrats to forestall the redistricting debate until after the 2002 elections. In October 2001, the Census Bureau announced that it believed the adjusted figures were unreliable and refused to release them.
In the opening days of the 2002 General Assembly, House Democrats angered Senate Republicans by submitting maps of proposed districts for the House and Senate. Previously, each chamber had only submitted maps for its own districts. During the ensuing negotiations, Williams promised that Senate Republicans would vote for any redistricting plan the House devised for its districts if House Democrats would agree to do the same for the Senate, but House Speaker Jody Richards refused. After weeks of negotiations, the Assembly approved a plan that gave House Democrats most of what they wanted with regard to House districts and Senate Republicans most of what they wanted with regard to Senate districts. After Senate Democrats complained about the bill, House Majority Leader Greg Stumbo chided them for "not [accepting] the fact that 20-18 means Republicans control the Senate" and encouraged them to campaign hard to win back the chamber in future elections.
Williams remained President of the Senate until November 2012, being re-elected to represent his Senate district in November 2002, November 2006, and November 2010. In 2009, he announced that he would remain in the state Senate and not challenge incumbent Jim Bunning in the 2010 Republican senatorial primary. Bunning later announced that he would not seek reelection to a third term.
2011 gubernatorial campaign.
On September 1, 2010, Williams announced he would seek the governorship in 2011. He ran unsuccessfully against Democratic governor Steve Beshear on a ticket with lieutenant-governor nominee, state Agriculture Commissioner and former Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball standout Richie Farmer. A third perennial candidate in the field, Gatewood Galbraith, who finished with 9 percent of the vote, died two months after the election.
Circuit judge.
Late in 2012, a seat on the Kentucky 40th Circuit Court, which includes Cumberland County, opened up when Eddie Lovelace died from a fungal infection apparently caused by tainted steroid injections. Williams was named to the three-person shortlist for the seat and was officially appointed by his former political rival, Governor Beshear, on October 26. Williams accepted the appointment, and formally resigned from the Senate on November 2.

</doc>
<doc id="6979340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979340" title="Bink Dawg">
Bink Dawg



</doc>
<doc id="6979342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979342" title="Seq">
Seq



</doc>
<doc id="6979348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979348" title="Carolyn Dennis">
Carolyn Dennis

Carolyn Dennis (born April 12, 1954), sometimes known professionally as Carol Dennis or Carol Dennis-Dylan, is an American singer best known for her work with and marriage to Bob Dylan.
Career.
Dennis sang back-up on most of Bob Dylan's albums during the era between "Street-Legal" (1978) and "Down in the Groove" (1988). She has also sung back-up for Wonderlove, Minnie Riperton, Táta Vega, The Carpenters, Kenny Loggins, Bruce Springsteen, and Michael Jackson's "". In 1982, Dennis performed the role of Poppea in a modern adaptation of Monteverdi's "L'Incoronazione di Poppea" (The Coronation of Poppea) at Xenon Discothèque in New York City. She was the singing voice for the 1991 made-for-television movie "The Josephine Baker Story" starring Lynn Whitfield as Josephine Baker. Dennis was also part of the performance group the Young Americans.
On Broadway, she was a member of the original cast of musicals including "Big River" (1985) and "The Color Purple" (2005).
Personal life.
Dennis married Bob Dylan in June 1986; she was Dylan's second wife. The two of them have a child, Desiree Gabrielle Dennis-Dylan, born on January 31, 1986. The couple divorced in October 1992. 
Their marriage and parenthood was unknown to both Dylan's fans and the media until the 2001 publication of "" by Howard Sounes.

</doc>
<doc id="6979351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979351" title="Prix d'Harcourt">
Prix d'Harcourt

The Prix d'Harcourt is a Group 2 flat horse race in France open to thoroughbreds aged four years or older. It is run over a distance of 2,000 metres (about 1¼ miles) at Longchamp in April.
History.
The event is named in memory of Emmanuel d'Harcourt (1844–1928), a former president of the Société d'Encouragement. It was established in 1929, and was originally contested over 2,400 metres.
The Prix d'Harcourt was held at Auteuil in 1940, and at Maisons-Laffitte in 1943 and 1944. On the latter occasion its distance was 2,000 metres.
The race's distance was changed to 2,150 metres in 1946. It was cut to 2,100 metres in 1953, and to 2,000 metres in 1958. It reverted to 2,100 metres in 1961, and was extended to 2,200 metres in 1969.
The event was formerly staged a few weeks after the Prix Ganay. The dates of the two races were interchanged in 1971, and from this point the Prix d'Harcourt was run over 2,000 metres.
Records.
Most successful horse (2 wins):
Leading jockey (5 wins):
Leading trainer (10 wins):
Leading owner (6 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="6979357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979357" title="Carol Dennis">
Carol Dennis

Carol Dennis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6979362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979362" title="Esteban Guerrieri">
Esteban Guerrieri

Esteban Guerrieri (born 19 January 1985) is an Argentine racing driver currently competing in the FIA TCR World Tour for the GOAT Racing Honda team. His early career in single-seaters saw him become Formula Renault Eurocup champion in 2003, finish third in Formula Renault 3.5 in 2010, and claim the runner-up spot in Indy Lights in 2011 and 2012. In the WTCR touring car series, he was the most successful driver in terms of race wins and was overall runner-up in 2019. He also won the Nürburgring 24 Hours in the TCR class in 2020.
Early career.
Formula racing.
After graduating from karts, Guerrieri competed in various Formula Renault 2000 championships from 2001 to 2003. He won the Formula Renault 2000 Masters series in 2003, with 124 points and three wins from eight races in total.
For 2004, he took the large step up to Formula 3000, driving for BCN Competición. He performed well in his début year, finishing tied on 28 points in seventh place with compatriot and fellow rookie José María López. His best result came at the Hockenheim round of the season, where he finished in third place.
Despite this impressive showing, Guerrieri was unable to get a drive when F3000 changed into the GP2 Series for 2005, and spent that year and 2006 in the Formula 3 Euro Series, both seasons with Manor Motorsport. He finished fourth in the standings, with 58 points, two wins and two pole positions.
He competed in British Formula 3 for 2007 with Ultimate Motorsport Team finishing thirteenth overall in the final standings. Returning for 2008, he achieved the best result for him and his team with a second place on Monza, the third race of the year. After that race, he moved to the Formula Renault 3.5 Series. He took his first FR3.5 win in the final race of the season. He did however return to F3 at the Bucharest meeting taking a pair of fourth positions.
In 2009, Guerrieri drove for various teams in the Superleague Formula series, winning two races in the process. For 2010 he has returned to Formula Renault 3.5 full-time, although budgetary concerns have caused him to miss races.
In August 2010, Guerrieri revealed that he has a priority contract with the Virgin Racing Formula One team for a race seat, providing that he can raise $8 million. Guerrieri's manager has held discussions with the Argentine Interior Minister on the subject of possible government funding. The Argentine government has previously provided financial support to compatriot José María López's attempts to enter Formula One.
For 2011, Guerrieri went to the United States with the ultimate goal of racing in the IndyCar Series, starting with Indy Lights. During the 2011 Indy Lights season, Guerrieri drove for Sam Schmidt Motorsports. He finished the season runner-up to teammate Josef Newgarden with three wins. In 2012, he again finished second in the championship behind his teammate Tristan Vautier, taking three wins, including the Indianapolis 500 support race. Due to budget constraints, he moved back to Argentina for 2013.
Touring car career.
Argentina.
In 2013, Guerrieri switched to the Argentinian touring car series Turismo Carretera to drive a Dodge for Oil Competición. He also raced in Top Race V6 for Midas Racing Team.
Having previously raced as a guest driver in various TC 2000 races between 2009 and 2011, winning the 200 km de Buenos Aires in 2011, Guerrieri joined the Toyota team for the 2014 Súper TC 2000 season. He finished 16th in the 2014 drivers' standings, before finishing eighth in 2015 with a single win, and then seventh with another victory in 2016. Guerrieri moved from Toyota to Citroën for the 2017 season, resulting 11th in the championship with one win.
World Touring Cars.
In August 2016, he got a chance from Campos Racing to compete in the Argentinian round of the World Touring Car Championship with a Chevrolet Cruze TC1 car. Guerrieri was successful on his first appearance as he finished the main race in sixth and scored the fastest lap of all during the weekend.
For the 2017 season, Guerrieri became a full-time driver at Campos Racing, driving the team's only car. During the first seven rounds, he won the opening races in Marrakech and China. With three rounds remaining in the season, the Honda factory squad signed him to replace the injured Tiago Monteiro. He then took pole position and main race victory in the final round at Qatar, ending up fourth in the drivers' standings.
After the series became the World Touring Car Cup in 2018, Guerrieri remained at Honda, now with Münnich Motorsport running the cars. In 2018 he won at Nürburgring and Macau to place third in the standings. For the following season, he took four wins to finish as championship runner-up; he was recognised by "TouringCarTimes" as the best driver of the WTCR season. Guerrieri won four times again in 2020, breaking the record for most wins in WTCR, and finished fourth in the drivers' cup. He scored five podiums, although no wins, across the 2021 and 2022 seasons, finishing them sixth and eighth overall respectively. No driver managed to match or surpass Guerrieri's tally of 10 wins, and as the WTCR ended after 2022, Guerrieri became the series' most successful driver in terms of victories.
Guerrieri joined the FIA TCR World Tour in 2024 with the GOAT Racing Honda team.
Hypercar career.
For 2023, Guerrieri would move to the Floyd Vanwall Racing Team in the World Endurance Championship, driving a Vanwall Vandervell 680 alongside Tom Dillmann and Jacques Villeneuve. The team's best and only points finish of eighth being at the opening round. Guerrieri had a spin during the 6 Hours of Spa-Francorchamps before Villeneuve crashed out. Guerrieri failed to finish his debut 24 Hours of Le Mans as the Vanwall's engine failed on lap 165, the team having been hampered with power and suspension issues up to that point. Guerrieri was the only Vanwall driver to compete at every round and finished the season in 16th place. With the Vanwall team's failure to gain entry to the 2024 season Guerrieri returned to touring cars.
Racing record.
Career summary.
† – Team standings.
‡ As he was a guest driver, Guerrieri was ineligible to score points.
Complete Formula 3 Euro Series results.
† As Guerrieri was a guest driver, he was ineligible for championship points.
Complete World Touring Car Championship results.
‡ Half points awarded as less than 75% of race distance was completed.
Complete World Touring Car Cup results.
† Driver did not finish the race, but was classified as he completed over 90% of the race distance.
References.
l

</doc>
<doc id="6979372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979372" title="1910 Finnish parliamentary election">
1910 Finnish parliamentary election

Parliamentary elections were held in the Grand Duchy of Finland on 1 and 2 February 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="6979376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979376" title="1993 BTCC season">
1993 BTCC season



</doc>
<doc id="6979381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979381" title="BUIE">
BUIE



</doc>
<doc id="6979386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979386" title="Alum-root">
Alum-root



</doc>
<doc id="6979387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979387" title="List of Islands in the Caribbean">
List of Islands in the Caribbean



</doc>
<doc id="6979393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979393" title="Cannon (company)">
Cannon (company)



</doc>
<doc id="6979395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979395" title="Omnibus (American TV program)">
Omnibus (American TV program)

Omnibus is an American, commercially sponsored, educational variety television series.
History.
"Omnibus" was created by the Ford Foundation, which sought to increase the education level of the American public. The show was conceived by James Webb Young who hired Robert Saudek as producer. Saudek believed that Omnibus could "raise the level of American taste" with educational entertainment.
The show was broadcast live, primarily on Sunday afternoons at 4:00pm EST, from November 9, 1952, until April 16, 1961. "Omnibus" originally aired on CBS, and later on Sunday evenings on ABC. The show was never commercially viable on its own, and sources of funding dwindled after the Ford Foundation ended its sponsorship in 1957. That year, the program moved to NBC, where it was irregularly scheduled until 1961. The show's first season had an audience of 4 million, which grew to 5.7 million at its peak in 1957. ABC aired a brief revival of the series in 1980-1981.
The series won more than 65 awards, including eight Emmy Awards (it was nominated for thirteen) and two Peabody Awards. The series is held at the Library of Congress and Global ImageWorks, among other archives. The Bernstein "Omnibus" programs were released in a 4-DVD set for Region 1 and Region 2 in 2010.
Programming.
The show, hosted by Alistair Cooke in his American television debut, featured diverse programming about science, the arts, and the humanities. The program featured original works by playwrights such as William Saroyan, interviews with public figures such as architect Frank Lloyd Wright, and performances by many of the most prominent entertainers of the day such as Jack Benny and Orson Welles. A heavily abridged version of Shakespeare's "King Lear" starring Orson Welles, staged by Peter Brook and directed by Andrew McCullough, was telecast on 18 October 1953 on CBS. Leonard Bernstein and Jonathan Winters made their first television appearances in the series. Bernstein gave his first televised music lectures on the program, and conducted one of the earliest telecasts of excerpts from Handel's "Messiah" on it. The best remembered episode featuring Bernstein was his first, transmitted on November 14, 1954: an analysis of Beethoven's Fifth Symphony in which the conductor demonstrated what the music might have been like if Beethoven had left some of his discarded music sketches in the symphony.
Hans Conried was featured in the 1958 episode "What Makes Opera Grand?", an analysis by Leonard Bernstein showing the powerful effect of music in opera. Conried played Marcello in a spoken dramatization of act 3 of Puccini's "La bohème". The program demonstrated the effect of the music in "La bohème" by having actors speak portions of the libretto in English, followed by opera singers singing the same lines in the original Italian.
Author Stuart Kallen, in his 2012 work, ' The History of American Pop ', (Greenhaven Publishing), claims that the show, in 1953, was the first American television programme to play a rock and roll record, '(Crazy Man Crazy)', by Bill Haley and His Comets. It was used in the soundtrack of ' Glory in the Flower ', starring James Dean.

</doc>
<doc id="6979398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979398" title="Alum root">
Alum root

The common name for the Alumroot is Coral bells. The scientific name of the Alumroot is Heuchera. The First Nations or Inuit name for the Alumroot is rat root.
Alum root or Alumroot is a common name for some species of two different genera of flowering plants:

</doc>
<doc id="6979400" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979400" title="GU001">
GU001



</doc>
<doc id="6979402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979402" title="Epsilon Minus (Huxley)">
Epsilon Minus (Huxley)



</doc>
<doc id="6979405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979405" title="Bay Beach">
Bay Beach



</doc>
<doc id="6979407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979407" title="Gabriel Jones">
Gabriel Jones

Gabriel Jones may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6979409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979409" title="Blotchy swellshark">
Blotchy swellshark

The blotchy swellshark or Japanese swellshark (Cephaloscyllium umbratile) is a common species of catshark, belonging to the family Scyliorhinidae. The Blotchy swellshark is found at depths of in the northwestern Pacific Ocean, from Japan to Taiwan. It is benthic in nature and favors rocky reefs. Reaching in length, this thick-bodied shark has a broad head, large mouth, and two unequally-sized dorsal fins positioned far back past the pelvic fins. It can be identified by its dorsal coloration, consisting of seven brown "saddles" and extensive darker mottling on a light tan background. This species has often been confounded with the draughtsboard shark ("C. isabellum") and the Sarawak pygmy swellshark ("C. sarawakensis") in scientific literature.
Voracious and opportunistic in feeding habits, the blotchy swellshark is known to consume numerous types of fishes and invertebrates, including an unusually high diversity of cartilaginous fishes. Like other "Cephaloscyllium" species, it is capable of rapidly inflating its body as a defense against predators. This species is oviparous, with females laying encapsulated eggs two at a time. There is no well-defined breeding season and reproduction occurs year-round. The eggs hatch after approximately one year. The blotchy swellshark is harmless and fares well in captivity. It is caught as bycatch in commercial bottom trawls, though its population does not seem to have suffered from fishing activity.
Taxonomy.
American ichthyologists David Starr Jordan and Henry Weed Fowler described the blotchy swellshark in a 1903 volume of "Proceedings of the United States National Museum", based on a long stuffed dry skin originally obtained from Nagasaki, Japan. They gave it the specific epithet "umbratile" (from the Latin "umbratilis", meaning "shaded") and assigned it to the genus "Cephaloscyllium".
The taxonomy of the blotchy swellshark has a history of confusion. The holotype dried skin could not be located when shark expert Stewart Springer prepared his 1979 review of the catsharks, and in its absence he synonymized "C. umbratile" with "C. isabellum" on the basis of "inconclusive morphometric differences". Some authors followed Springer's judgment while others, particularly in Japan, preferred to keep referring to "C. umbratile". The taxonomy of this species was further muddled by the application of the name "C. umbratile" to a similar but smaller species sharing part of its range. This second species, once referred to as "pseudo-"umbratile"" by Leonard Compagno, has since been identified as "C. sarawakensis". Recently, the holotype was found again, and in 2008 "Cephaloscyllium umbratile" was re-described as distinct from "C. isabellum" by Jayna Schaaf-Da Silva and David Ebert.
Distribution and habitat.
The blotchy swellshark is known to inhabit the northwestern Pacific Ocean from Hokkaido, Japan southward to Taiwan, including the Yellow Sea. Its range may extend as far as New Guinea. This abundant species is a bottom-dweller that inhabits rocky reefs on the continental shelf, at depths of .
Description.
The maximum reported length of the blotchy swellshark is . It has a firm, stout body with a soft, distensible abdomen, and a short, broad, flattened head. The snout is proportionately long and rounded, with large nostrils divided by short, triangular flaps of skin in front. The small, horizontally oval eyes are placed high on the head and equipped with rudimentary nictitating membranes (protective third eyelids). A tiny spiracle lies closely behind each eye. Behind the spiracle are five pairs of gill slits, which are short and become progressively smaller posteriorly. The capacious mouth forms a broad arch, and lacks furrows at the corners. The small teeth have a central cusp flanked by a smaller cusplet on both sides. There are around 59 tooth rows in the upper jaw and 62 tooth rows in the lower jaw.
The pectoral fins are moderately large and wide, with rounded tips. The dorsal fins have rounded apexes and are placed well back on the body, the first originating behind the midpoints of the small pelvic fins. The first dorsal fin is about twice as high as the second. The anal fin is nearly as large as the first dorsal fin and placed slightly ahead of the second dorsal fin. The caudal fin is large and broad, with the upper lobe longer than the lower and bearing a prominent ventral notch near the tip. The skin is thick and sparsely covered by large, well-calcified dermal denticles; each denticle has a diamond-shaped crown with three horizontal ridges. This shark is cream-colored with dark brownish to grayish mottling on the back and sides, and seven dark brown dorsal "saddles" on the body and tail. The mottling intensifies with age, while the saddles fade and may become obscured. Older sharks may also have a dark blotch on either side between the pectoral and pelvic fins. The underside is pale, with scant darker marks.
Biology and ecology.
Like other members of its genus, when threatened the blotchy swellshark is capable of rapidly inflating its stomach with water or air. This allows the shark to wedge itself inside a rocky crevice, becoming extremely difficult to remove. This species is an opportunistic, highly voracious predator; one recorded female long had 10 fish about long and 15 squid about long in her stomach. Predominantly piscivorous, this species is known to prey upon hagfish and at least 50 species of bony fishes, including fast-swimming types that inhabit open water; significant prey species include the mackerel "Scomber japonicus", the sardine "Sardinops melanostictus", the filefish "Thamnaconus modestus", and the hakeling "Physiculus japonicus". Unusually for such a small shark, it also feeds on at least 10 species of cartilaginous fishes, including lantern sharks, catsharks (particularly the cloudy catshark, "Scyliorhinus torazame", and its eggs), the electric ray "Narke japonica", and skates (including their eggs). It also cannibalizes smaller members of its own species. Cephalopods, mostly the squid "Doryteuthis bleekeri" and the cuttlefish "Sepia" spp., are also frequently taken, while crabs, shrimp, and isopods are occasionally consumed. The dietary composition of juveniles varies notably from place to place.
The blotchy swellshark is oviparous, and reproduction proceeds throughout the year with no obvious seasonal cycling. Adult females have a single functional ovary, on the right, and two functional oviducts. The species is thought to be relatively prolific, as the ovary contains numerous ova at various stages of development. Pairs of eggs are laid at a time, one per oviduct. Females have been documented producing eggs even after years without male contact, suggesting that they may be able to store sperm. The purse-shaped egg capsules are relatively large and thick, measuring around long and across. The capsule surface is smooth with lengthwise striations, and opaque cream in color with yellow margins. Long, coiled tendrils extend from the four corners of the capsule. When the embryo is long, the external gills have been lost, the dermal denticles have begun to develop, and light brown saddles are present. The eggs take roughly one year to hatch; newly emerged sharks measure long. From a series of captive rearing experiments, Sho Tanaka reported that hatchling sharks grew in length by up to per day. Males and females attain sexual maturity at the size of and respectively; the growth rate after maturity is very low. Known parasites of this species include the nematode "Porrocaecum cephaloscyllii", and the leech "Stibarobdella macrothela".
Human interactions.
Harmless to humans, the blotchy swellshark adapts readily to captivity and has reproduced in public aquariums. This species is caught incidentally by Japanese and Taiwanese bottom trawlers and brought to market. Intensive commercial fishing within its range do not yet appear to have impacted its numbers. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has listed it as Near Threatened.

</doc>
<doc id="6979410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979410" title="The Milwaukee Electric Railway and Light Company">
The Milwaukee Electric Railway and Light Company

The Milwaukee Electric Railway and Light Company , also referred to as the Milwaukee Interurban Lines or TMER&amp;L, is a defunct railroad that operated in and around Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It was the largest electric railway and electric utility system in Wisconsin, and combined several of the earlier horsecar, steam dummy, and streetcar lines into one system. Its Milwaukee streetcar lines soon ran on most major streets and served most areas of the city. The interurban lines reached throughout southeastern Wisconsin. TMER&amp;L also operated the streetcar lines in Appleton, Kenosha, and Racine, as well as its own switching operations at the Port Washington and Lakeside power plants.
The first electric streetcar in Milwaukee operated on Wells Street on April 3, 1890. The Waukesha Beach Railway was formally opened on June 25, 1895. The first interurban ran between Milwaukee and Kenosha on June 1, 1897. Other lines soon reached Watertown, Burlington, and East Troy. In 1922, TMER&amp;L acquired the Milwaukee Northern Railway and added their Milwaukee to Sheboygan interurban line to the system.
During the Great Depression, services on streetcar and interurban lines were reduced, replaced with buses, abandoned, or sold. Abandonments ceased during World War II when gas and tires were rationed and defense workers needed transportation. After the war, riders returned to their automobiles and abandonments resumed. The last streetcar to run in Milwaukee and the entire state operated on Wells Street on March 2, 1958. Electric locomotives continued operating at the power plants until the early 1970s.
The last two remaining sections of interurban lines were to Hales Corners and Waukesha. They continued in operation until June 30, 1951 as part of the Milwaukee Rapid Transit and Speedrail Company's rapid transit service, as it had essentially lost the remainder of its postwar ridership following a collision in Greenfield, Wisconsin that killed 8 people and injured around 40, just the year before. The outer end of the East Troy branch (beyond Mukwonago) continues to operate as the East Troy Electric Railroad, a long heritage railroad. There were plans to extend the Watertown line to Madison, the East Troy line to Delavan, and the Burlington line to Lake Geneva. However, none of these plans came to fruition.

</doc>
<doc id="6979416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979416" title="Cephaloscyllium umbratile">
Cephaloscyllium umbratile



</doc>
<doc id="6979423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979423" title="GU003">
GU003



</doc>
<doc id="6979430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979430" title="Mrs. Botwin's Neighborhood">
Mrs. Botwin's Neighborhood



</doc>
<doc id="6979434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979434" title="1911 Finnish parliamentary election">
1911 Finnish parliamentary election

Parliamentary elections were held in the Grand Duchy of Finland on 2 and 3 January 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="6979436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979436" title="Unsupervised classification">
Unsupervised classification



</doc>
<doc id="6979440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979440" title="Ao Tu Than">
Ao Tu Than



</doc>
<doc id="6979444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979444" title="Amaryllis family">
Amaryllis family



</doc>
<doc id="6979448" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979448" title="Áo tứ thân">
Áo tứ thân

The áo tứ thân (, "four-piece shirt"), is a traditional Vietnamese dress commonly worn in Northern Vietnam. The dress is related to the áo ngũ thân ("five-piece shirt") and the áo đối khâm ("parallel-flap robe").
History.
The áo tứ thân was worn widely by women centuries before the áo dài. As Vietnam expanded southward during Nam tiến, áo tứ thân gradually became associated specifically with northern women.
Dress.
The áo tứ thân was the dress of peasant women, which explains why it was often made with plain fabric in dark colors, except when it was to be worn at special occasions such as festivals or weddings.
Regardless of its many different forms, the basic áo tứ thân consists of:
Áo tứ thân in modern-day Vietnam (worn almost exclusively in northern-related festivals) tends to be extremely colorful, using different hues throughout the dress, from the tunic to the bodice and the skirt.
Place in modern-day Vietnam.
Áo tứ thân is now obsolete in terms of its daily use in Vietnam. However, it can be seen often in traditional occasions such as festivals, especially in northern Vietnam. It is still sometimes worn as formal wear by some ethnic minorities, such as the Tày, Sán Chay, and some Thổ people.
In southern Vietnam, the simpler silk two-piece ensemble áo bà ba is preferred for day-to-day use.

</doc>
<doc id="6979451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979451" title="STCP">
STCP

STCP might be an acronym or abbreviation for:
See also

</doc>
<doc id="6979454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979454" title="Emily Perry (actress)">
Emily Perry (actress)



</doc>
<doc id="6979484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979484" title="American laurel">
American laurel



</doc>
<doc id="6979487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979487" title="SBC Senior Classic">
SBC Senior Classic



</doc>
<doc id="6979496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979496" title="Alajos Hauszmann">
Alajos Hauszmann

Alajos Hauszmann (also called as "Alois", June 9, 1847 – July 31, 1926), from 1918 Hauszmann de Velencze, was a Hungarian architect, professor, and member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.
Life.
Hauszmann was born in Buda in 1847 into a family of Bavarian origin as the son of Ferenc Hauszmann and Anna Maár (siblings: Hermina (1845–1929), Ferenc (1850–1918) and Kornélia (1854–1837)). He studied painting from 1861, then became a bricklayer's apprentice. In 1864 he attended the Royal Joseph University, and in 1866 he continued architecture studies at the Bauakademie in Berlin, along with Ödön Lechner.
Hauszmann employed several architects who later became prominent in their own right, including Albert Kálmán Kőrössy. In 1912 Hauszmann retired, and a year later he created a foundation for young architects graduating from the Royal Joseph University. In 1914 he went on an extended journey to Egypt and the Holy Land. In recognition of his work, he was ennobled by King Charles IV of Hungary with the suffix "de Velencze" on March 10, 1918. In the following year, his private home was confiscated during the Hungarian Soviet Republic. In 1924 he was elected an honorary member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. He died, aged 79, in Velence. He is buried in the Kerepesi Cemetery in Budapest.

</doc>
<doc id="6979498" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979498" title="Je danse dans ma tête">
Je danse dans ma tête

"Je danse dans ma tête" (meaning "I dance inside my head") is a song by Canadian singer Celine Dion from her tenth studio album, "Dion chante Plamondon" (1991). It was written by French-Canadian lyricist Luc Plamondon and Italian composer Romano Musumarra, and produced by Musumarra. In March 1992, "Je danse dans ma tête" was released as the third promotional single in Quebec and the lead commercial single in France. It reached number three on the airplay chart in Quebec. The music video, directed by Alain DesRochers, won the Much Music Video Award for Best Adult Contemporary Video in 1992.
Background and release.
"Je danse dans ma tête" was written by French-Canadian lyricist Luc Plamondon and Italian composer Romano Musumarra, and produced by Musumarra. It was one of four new songs written for the album "Dion chante Plamondon", which was released in Canada in November 1991. In March 1992, "Je danse dans ma tête" was issued as the third promotional single in Quebec, after "Des mots qui sonnent" and "L'amour existe encore". The same month, "Je danse dans ma tête" was released commercially as the lead single in France, where the album was renamed "Des mots qui sonnent" and issued in May 1992. The commercial single included other songs from the album, "Un garçon pas comme les autres (Ziggy)" and "Les uns contre les autres", and the promotional single featured two remixes created by Mark Frank and Musumarra. On 18 May 1992, Dion performed "Je danse dans ma tête" during TV show "Stars 90" in France. In 2005, it was included on her greatest hits album, "On ne change pas".
Critical reception.
According to "Music &amp; Media" magazine, Dion took an unexpected turn towards dance in "Je danse dans ma tête", but she sounds confident in her new role. They wrote that the chorus with the word "danse" sung in a deliberate stuttering voice is one of the funniest gimmicks of late.
Commercial performance.
"Je danse dans ma tête" entered the airplay chart in Quebec on 23 March 1992 and peaked at number three. It stayed on the chart for fourteen weeks.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Alain DesRochers and released in March 1992. It won the Much Music Video Award for Best Adult Contemporary Video in September 1992. In 2005, it was included on Dion's greatest hits DVD collection, "On ne change pas".

</doc>
<doc id="6979500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979500" title="1913 Finnish parliamentary election">
1913 Finnish parliamentary election

Parliamentary elections were held in the Grand Duchy of Finland on 1 and 2 August 1913. In 1914, the Russian government decided to suspend the Finnish Parliament for the duration of World War I.
Campaign.
Finnish voters' growing frustration with Parliament's performance was reflected by the low voter turnout; the Social Democrats and Agrarians, championing the cause of poor workers and farmers, kept gaining votes at the expense of the Old Finns, whose main concern was the passive defence of Finland's self-government. They disagreed on the social and economic policies, and thus did not formulate very clear positions on them.

</doc>
<doc id="6979509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979509" title="Leo Vasseur">
Leo Vasseur

Leo Vasseur is a politician from Alberta, Canada. He was elected in the 1993 Alberta general election defeating Ernie Isley of the Progressive Conservatives.
He was defeated by Denis Ducharme from the Progressive Conservatives during the 1997 Alberta general election after his district was abolished and he ran in the new Bonnyville-Cold Lake riding. He only served one term in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.
Vasseur currently serves as regional chair for the northwest region on the Alberta Liberal Party executive.

</doc>
<doc id="6979513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979513" title="U-Go-Girl">
U-Go-Girl

"U-Go-Girl" is a song by South Korean recording artist Lee Hyori, featuring rapper Nassun. It was first made available to digital outlets in South Korea a three days prior to the release of her third studio album, "It's Hyorish", on July 12, 2008. A dance-pop number with hip hop influences, "U-Go-Girl" was written and produced by songwriting duo E-Tribe, who would later compose Girls' Generation's "Gee" (2009) and Miss A's "Hush" (2013). "U-Go-Girl" was made available via Mnet.com along with the second title track "Hey, Mr. Big" as one of the pre-releases.
Background.
Lee's third studio album along with its two title tracks were unveiled on July 9, 2008, and was originally intended to be released a week later on July 16. The album marked Lee's first album since "Dark Angel" in 2006. Mnet Media initially planned to pre-release five of the upcoming album's songs, including "U-Go-Girl" and "Hey, Mr. Big", on July 14. After several of the album's songs were illegally leaked to YouTube, however, Mnet Media pushed up the release of "U-Go-Girl" to July 12, 2008. The full album was released a day earlier than intended, on July 15.
Composition and promotion.
"U-Go-Girl" is a hip-hop dance number with its lyrical content directed towards her female fans, featuring lyrics that loosely translate to "don't be shy, show yourself boldly". Lee appeared and promoted the single on several South Korean music programs, including "Music Bank", "Show! Music Core", and "Inkigayo". In December 2008, Lee performed the song at her first solo concert titled Lee Hyori the Invincible at the Jamsil Indoor Stadium.
Music video.
The music video for "U-Go-Girl" was shot during the first week of July 2008. An official from Mnet said that the video's concept would be "fit for the summer mood." Upon the video's release, however, it was met with controversy as Lee, who wore a nurse outfit in the video, was accused of representing nurses as a sexual object. Several scenes in the video was also criticized for resembling Christina Aguilera's work. The music video was soon re-uploaded and the controversial scenes were deleted.
Covers.
The song has been covered various times by other K-pop artists. Girls' Generation covered "U-Go-Girl" on the 200th episode special of "Show Music Core" on February 20, 2010. In 2015, the song was performed by Nayeon, Chaeryeong, Mina, and Jeongyeon during the girl group survival show "Sixteen"; while the show's final lineup, who formed the girl group Twice, performed the same song at the 2016 MBC Korean Music Festival on December 31, 2016. Seventeen also performed a cover of the song at the 2016 "SBS Gayo Daejeon", while (G)I-dle covered it on a "Show! Music Core" special stage on August 11, 2018. Everglow performed a cover of the song for CON:nected Live in 2020, while Itzy's Yuna performed the song at the 2022 KBS Song Festival on December 16.

</doc>
<doc id="6979514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979514" title="Love Is the Law (Toyah album)">
Love Is the Law (Toyah album)

Love Is the Law is the fifth and final studio album by British new wave band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox, released in 1983 by Safari Records. It reached number 28 in the UK Albums Chart and included the Top 40 hit single "Rebel Run". It was the last album to be released by the band before singer Willcox embarked on a solo career and retained 'Toyah' as her stage name.
Background.
Willcox said the making of the album was the happiest period of her life. She reflected that "in 1983 everything was going right. I was starring in a stage play called "Trafford Tanzi", which won me especially huge critical acclaim, and I was about to star in a film, "The Ebony Tower" with Lord Laurence Olivier just as soon as the album was finished. Because my schedule was incredibly full, the band moved into my house in Finchley, London, where we transformed my gym into a makeshift recording studio to pre-write and programme all the material in the daytime. I'd then go to the theatre for five o'clock and meet the band at the Marquee Studios to do the main recording of the vocals after midnight. It was a killer timetable but I loved it with a passion. (...) Sometimes my head would be racing so much that the only way to get me to calm down was to give me a sleeping pill. This is not something I would readily admit, but it was the only way the producer could get me to sit long enough to finish a track and is the reason "Rebel of Love" and "Martian Cowboy" sound so relaxed for a Toyah song!"
The phrase "love is the law" is from "The Book of the Law", the central sacred text of Thelema, written (or received) by Aleister Crowley. "I was never a fan of what he represented, which was mainly dark, devious and debauched, but I thought the phrase 'Love Is the Law' was possibly one of the most beautiful to ever be uttered because it crosses every social and tribal divide", she said. The title track features guest vocals from Toyah fans camping outside the recording studio, who were spontaneously invited in to chant "love is the law" in the song's chorus. One of them inspired the ballad "Martian Cowboy". "I Explode" was inspired by the idea that Crowley was so powerful as a Satanic person that he managed to explode and disappear, and is "about intense emotions that destroy the essence of who you are". Cover photography was taken by John Swannell.
Release and promotion.
The album was promoted by two singles: the uptempo "Rebel Run" which was a Top 40 hit and the ballad "The Vow" which only peaked at number 50. The album itself was moderately successful and reached number 28 in the UK Albums Chart. It was supported with the Rebel Run Tour which ran across England in November and December 1983.
"Love Is the Law" was first released on CD in 2005 with five additional bonus tracks, including B-sides and the standalone single "Be Proud Be Loud (Be Heard)". In 2013, Toyah embarked on the Love Is the Law &amp; More tour to commemorate the 30th anniversary of the album.
In November 2024, "Love Is the Law" was re-issued by Cherry Red Records in an expanded 2 CD+DVD package, with previously unreleased demo versions.
Track listing.
Original release.
All songs by Toyah Willcox and Joel Bogen, except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="6979518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979518" title="Sabbath Elevator">
Sabbath Elevator



</doc>
<doc id="6979523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979523" title="Barberry family">
Barberry family



</doc>
<doc id="6979526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979526" title="46th Street (IND Queens Boulevard Line station)">
46th Street (IND Queens Boulevard Line station)



</doc>
<doc id="6979533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979533" title="Network Q Rally of Great Britain">
Network Q Rally of Great Britain



</doc>
<doc id="6979536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979536" title="Eriba-Adad I">
Eriba-Adad I

Eriba-Adad, inscribed m-d or m-d10 ("[the god] Adad has replaced"), was king of Assyria from 1390 BC to 1364 BC. His father had been the earlier king Aššur-bel-nišešu, an affiliation attested in brick inscriptions, king-lists and a tablet although a single king list gives his father as Aššur-rā’im-nišēšu, probably in error. He succeeded his nephew, Aššur-nādin-aḫḫe II, being succeeded himself by the rather more prominent king Aššur-uballiṭ I, who was his son. He was the 72nd on the Assyrian King List and ruled for 27 years.
Biography.
The circumstances surrounding his accession are unknown, although most nephew-uncle successions recorded in Assyrian history were bloody affairs. He styled himself “regent of Enlil”, the first Assyrian monarch to do so since Šamši-Adad I. His uninscribed royal seal shows a heraldic group which includes two winged griffin-demons flanking a small tree and supporting a winged sun-disc above their wings and a double-headed griffin-demon holding two griffin-demons by their ankles, a radical departure from the earlier style, which was to set a precedent for the later Assyrian glyptic. It was found impressed into middle Assyrian contract tablets.
He probably began his reign overshadowed by the powerful Mitanni. However, the Mitanni Empire became entangled in a dynastic battle between Tushratta and his brother Artatama II, and after this, his son Shuttarna III, who called himself king of the Hurri, while seeking support from the Assyrians. A pro-Assur faction appeared at the royal Mitanni court, which enabled Assyria to finally break Mitanni influence upon Assyria, and in turn make Assyria an influence on Mitanni. His son and successor Ashur-uballiṭ I would take full advantage of this and destroy the Mitanni Empire.
Several of the Limmu officials, the noblemen from which the Assyrian Eponym dating system was derived, are known for this period as they date commercial records, but relatively few can be assigned directly to Eriba-Adad's reign rather than that of his successor. One official might be Aššur-muttakil, (the governor of Qabra, a fortress on the lesser Zab), who inherited his position from his father Aššur-dayyān and bequeathed it to his son. Eriba-Adad I's stela was the earliest of the stelae identified in the Stelenriehe, "row of stelae," the two rows of stone monuments uncovered in Aššur. The later Assyrian king, Ninurta-apal-Ekur, son of Ilī-padâ, was to claim descent from him in his inscriptions.

</doc>
<doc id="6979541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979541" title="Just chromatic semitone">
Just chromatic semitone



</doc>
<doc id="6979544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979544" title="Intel VRT">
Intel VRT



</doc>
<doc id="6979546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979546" title="Septimal chromatic semitone">
Septimal chromatic semitone

In music, a septimal chromatic semitone or minor semitone is the interval 21:20 (). It is about 84.47 cents. The septimal chromatic semitone may be derived from the harmonic series as the interval between the twentieth and twenty-first harmonics.
The septimal chromatic semitone equals a just chromatic semitone (25:24) plus a septimal semicomma (126:125).
When added to the 15:14 semitone, the 21:20 semitone and 28:27 semitone produce the 9:8 tone (major tone) and 10:9 tone (minor tone), respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="6979548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979548" title="F17">
F17

F17 or F-17 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6979550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979550" title="Cities in Canada">
Cities in Canada



</doc>
<doc id="6979552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979552" title="Half Moon (shipwreck)">
Half Moon (shipwreck)

The Half Moon (also known as the Germania and Exen) was a racing sailboat; it sank in 1930 near Miami, Florida, United States. The wreck is outside Bear Cut, which separates Virginia Key from Key Biscayne. Christened "Germania", the racing yacht featured a chrome-nickel steel hull built by Krupp-Germania-Werft in 1908 in Kiel, Germany. During a visit to England in 1914, the yacht was seized as a 'war prize'. After changing owners several times, and surviving an especially-violent storm off Virginia, the yacht became a floating restaurant and dance hall off Miami. It sank near Key Biscayne in 1930.
In 2000, the wreck became the seventh Florida Underwater Archaeological Preserve.
In 2001, it was added to the US National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="6979554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979554" title="Helena of Hungary, Queen of Croatia">
Helena of Hungary, Queen of Croatia

Helen of Hungary, also known as Helen the Fair (; ) (d. 1091), was a queen consort of Croatia.
Family.
Helen was born as a Hungarian princess and was the daughter of Árpád dynasty's king Bela I, sister to Ladislaus I of Hungary, granddaughter of Polish king Mieszko II Lambert.
Marriage.
Helen became queen of Croatia during her marriage with Croatian king Demetrius Zvonimir, a distant relative whom she married in 1063. They had a son named Radovan, who died in his late teens or early twenties, and daughters named Claudia and Vinica.
Helen had excellent family connections, being an aunt to Irene, the mother of the Byzantine Emperor Manuel I Komnenos.
Helen was very popular with the Croats, and they often called her "Jelena Lijepa" ("Helen the Beautiful"). She is thought to have been an influential consort.
Upon the death of Zvonimir, Helen was said to have been quietly plotting the inheritance of the Croatian Crown for her brother, the King of Hungary. This situation caused a decade of war and instability in the kingdom, resulting in the personal union of Croatia and Hungary that lasted until 1918. Helen died around 1091.
Notes.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6979556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979556" title="Sweeney Todd (disambiguation)">
Sweeney Todd (disambiguation)

Sweeney Todd is a fictional homicidal barber.
Sweeney Todd may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6979572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979572" title="Gibson L6-S">
Gibson L6-S

The Gibson L6-S is a solid body electric guitar. It was the descendant of the L5S jazz solid-body electric guitar. It was the same shape, very much like a wide Gibson Les Paul, but with a 24-fret neck, the first Gibson guitar to have this.
Model history.
The L6-S was the first cooperation between Bill Lawrence and Gibson. It was designed in 1972 and first released in 1973. The idea was to make a "multi-sound system" under a very tight budget.
The popularity of the L6-S gradually dropped after 1974, despite high-profile endorsements from the likes of Al Di Meola and Carlos Santana. Pat Martino, John McLaughlin, Keith Richards, Tom Johnston, Paul Stanley, Mike Oldfield, Dave Davies, Brad Delp, Rich Williams, Bob Mothersbaugh, Bob Casale, Martha Davis of The Motels, Allison Robertson, Angus Young and Prince also used the model during this period. All models were dropped from price lists in 1979. The L6-S Custom remained in the catalog in 1980 and was still being made in the Nashville plant.
The original L6-S came in three variants; all were maple-bodied with twin super-humbucking pickups.
Late in 2011 The Gibson company re-issued this guitar, with slight alterations:
The bridge is a standard Gibson Tune-o-matic, less heavy than the Schaller-made rectangular bridges from the mid-1970s, often called "harmonica" bridges. The pick-ups are not the original's ceramic sealed Bill Lawrence-designed "super humbuckers", but two humbucking pickups with four-conductor split-coil wiring—a 490R in the neck and a hotter 498T in the bridge. This is similar to what is on offer in some Les Pauls. Colours on sale in 2012 are "Antique natural" - like the original 1970s all-maple maple neck L6-S - and "Silverburst" with a baked maple fretboard. No ebony fretboard model is on sale. The current L6S neck does not feature the unique "narrow at the nut and wider near the body" taper of the 1970s guitar, but a conventional Gibson shape. The chamfered body shape and 24 frets are of similar design to the 1970s classic, except that the newer version is a two-piece maple body, as opposed to a one-piece (I own one verified by Gibson to be a 1976 L6-S Custom that’s a 2-piece maple body)bodywork on the original.
Josh "Josh 2" Hager of Devo uses a L6-S. It is unknown what type of L6-S it is.
L6-S models.
L6-S Custom 1973–1980.
Over 12,000 L6-S Custom instruments were made. Each guitar is made out of a one-piece (my personal L6-Custom is a 2 piece and Gibson verified thru serial number)maple body and a three-piece set neck, with a choice of rosewood, maple or ebony fingerboard. Finishes; Natural Maple, Ebony, Silver Burst, Tobacco Sunburst &amp; Cherry Sunburst. A Double Cutaway Model was also available in Ebony and Maple (used by Malcolm Young in 1975). Controls include a six position pickup selector, master volume, mid-range and treble roll-off controls. At the time of its introduction, the L6-S Custom was simply called the L6-S, not gaining the "Custom" badge until later, when the simpler L6-S Deluxe was introduced. The L6-S and L6-S Custom are identical.
The L6-S Custom has a six way rotary selector switch, complete with "chicken head" pointer knob. Starting with switch position #1, in the most counter-clockwise position, the available pickup switching options are as follows:
The capacitor in the #4 position gives a fuller tone than the otherwise very nasal out of phase tone. The capacitor serves to limit the low end response of the neck pickup, and also phase delays the signal from that pickup, resulting in a fuller tone, not too unlike the #2 and #4 switch positions on a Fender Stratocaster guitar.
Note that these switching options are for the original 1970s L6-S with sealed ceramic Bill Lawrence Humbuckers and are somewhat different for the 2011- reissue L6S, which use 490R/498T split coil pickup switching and different wiring.
L6-S Midnight Special 1974–1979.
Some 2,000 L6-S Midnight Special instruments were produced, with maple body, and bolt-on 3 piece maple neck with a maple fingerboard and a maple face on the head-stock, these Colors were available; Natural Maple, Wine Red &amp; Ebony. Controls include a pickup selector, master volume, and tone control, with a Schaller "Harmonica Bridge", it is strung through the body, with the back string ferrules burrowed into the middle of the body. The guitar was actually designated as an "L6 Midnight Special" by Gibson note; the absence of the "S". It was never advertised, or listed in the Gibson catalogs or the Gibson price listings. This first model the finish was Cream with Sparkles (on this model only; legend has it only 160 were made in this color). This was the model Paul Stanley of Kiss used from December 1974 to June 1975.
L6-S Deluxe 1974–1979.
Around 3,500 L6-S Deluxe guitars were produced. The Deluxe had a set maple neck (some were actually Stamped "Deluxe" on the back of the Head-stock), with a rosewood fingerboard. Two "Tar Back" pickups (rating 6.4k Bridge and 5.8k in the neck) with non-standard 3 adjustment screws (one on each side and 1 in front or back) and completely unique pentagon (5 sided) Mounting Rings. Controls include a pickup selector, master volume, and tone control. Strung through the body, with a "String Plate" mounted on back instead of string ferrules. Finishes; Natural Maple, Ebony, Wine Red &amp; Purple Sparkle. With a re-designed angled cut-away pick-guard.
Mike Oldfield used this model around 1979 for the recording of Incantations and for the tour. Later, the guitar was modified by English luthier Tony Zemaitis and the black pickguard was changed with a handmade metal pickguard. The headstock was sanded and a metal pickguard was made to cover the logo. He used the guitar to record Platinum and it can be seen at the 1980 Knebworth concert. Prince used a natural maple model in 1978–79. Punkrocker 'Claus Danger' from the Scandinavian garage-rock scene, has been using an all black 1978 version since 1996 for both concerts and recording sessions around the world. It can be heard from many live recordings around the Danish punkrock scene, especially around the late 90s.
L6S reissue 2011–2012.
Now called the L6S rather than L6-S, this is basically a re-issue of the classic L6-S Custom model, not the Deluxe version. The new guitar consists of a three-piece set maple neck and two-piece "butterfly" maple body, unlike the original L6-S, which had a one-piece maple body
. Additionally, 490T/498R Alnico split-coil humbuckers are now used, a six- position switch, a standard Tune-o-matic bridge and stop tailpiece. The neck uses Gibson construction: a maple fingerboard over the trussrod and maple neck, rather than an insert in the back of the neck like Fender maple fingerboard/necks. The 6-position switch in the original L6-S previously provided all possible connections of two pickups. Now, instead, according to the Gibson literature, the series in-phase, series out of phase, and parallel out of phase positions have been deleted in favor of 3 new split-coil positions utilizing "four-conductor split-coil wiring" resulting in these selections: bridge humbucker, bridge single coil, both single, both humbucking, neck single and neck humbucking. This provides more pleasant selections, but eliminates the previous more radical special-purpose settings of the original Bill Lawrence design. Each L6S is now setup on the Plek machine, resulting in consistently good action direct from the factory.

</doc>
<doc id="6979577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979577" title="1916 Finnish parliamentary election">
1916 Finnish parliamentary election

Parliamentary elections were held in the Grand Duchy of Finland on 1 and 3 July 1916.
Background.
The Finnish Parliament had not been in session during the early years of World War I. The Russian army's severe losses to the German army started to awaken among the Finns the hope that they could regain self-government. The Russian government's plan to totally Russify Finland had been leaked to several Finnish newspapers in 1914, and had been heavily criticized. Its implementation had been suspended for the duration of the war.
Campaign.
The workers' and tenant farmers' discontent with their social and economic problems was growing; workers still had to work an average of ten hours per day, and the tenant farmers still rented their lands from the landowning peasants, and they could be expelled from those lands if they did not fulfill their contracts' quite strict conditions. The Social Democrats managed to win their first and so far only parliamentary majority in the Finnish elections by promising more effectively than the bourgeois parties to help the poor and underprivileged people among the Finns.
Aftermath.
The elections would have significant consequences for Finland's political, administrative and social history. This was the first time the left had held a majority in Finnish parliament, which was only defeated in October 1917 after all the opposition parties, the Finnish Party, Young Finns, Swedish People's Party and Agrarians formed an electoral alliance, the "Bourgeoisie block". The Tokoi Senate was formed under Socialist Oskari Tokoi, one of the first "de facto" socialist prime ministers in the world (though his title was Chairman of the Senate).
In March 1917 the February Revolution essentially forced Tsar Nicholas II, who had the highest authority in the Grand Duchy of Finland, and who could dissolve the Finnish parliament, to refuse any new laws and appoint a governor-general when he abdicated. This began an administrative crisis, both for the socialists and the bourgeoisie block, on how to proceed. The Provisional Republican Russian government was still in power and administration continued relatively normally, but domestic issues including rising inflation, food shortages and political radicalism was a daily issue in both cities and the countryside.
During the July Days, when then-capital of the Russian provisional Republic, Petrograd, was experiencing anarchic chaos from both military units, anarchists and Bolsheviks, the Finnish parliament came to an agreement to pass and enforce the "Autonomy Law"/"Legality Act" ("Valtalaki"), which declared that the Finnish Parliament and its Senate was the highest political authority in Finland. The law was passed on 18 July 1917, but was never fully enforced. Just the passage of the Valtalaki act complicated the legal administrative situation, as the (Swedish) Instrument of Government of 1772, which was the ruling law for political administration of the Grand Duchy of Finland, declared the Tsar to be the highest political authority in Finland, but now Nicholas II had abdicated and there was chaos in Petrograd. However, Petrograd's legal government regained control in late July and moderate Alexander Kerensky was appointed prime minister, while the Russian government under Kerensky refused to sign the Valtalaki into law as it would have essentially ceded all political and administrative powers of Finland except foreign and military policy to the Finnish parliament. Kerensky and the Petrograd government, still the highest political authority, decided to release a manifesto to break the Finnish Parliament. The manifesto declared, that the Russian provisional government was, legally speaking, the highest authority for the Grand Duchy of Finland, unless the Russian parliament or a Russian-based constitutional convention decided otherwise. This was a win for the "Bourgeoisie block", as in the upcoming elections they united against a common enemy, the Social Democrats, and managed to remove the Social Democrats' parliamentary majority.

</doc>
<doc id="6979585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979585" title="John Grochowski">
John Grochowski

John Grochowski (born c. 1952) is a gambling columnist and author. His weekly newspaper column began at the "Chicago Sun-Times" and is now syndicated nationally. In 1994, the monthly Las Vegas Advisor reported that Grochowski was the first casino gambling columnist at a major U.S. newspaper. In 2012, he also began a weekly Sun-Times column on baseball sabermetrics, the first of its kind in a daily newspaper.
Early life.
Grochowski was born in 1952 in Aurora, Illinois, and grew up in the western Chicago suburb of Lisle.The eldest of five children, he graduated from Lisle High School in 1970, then attended the University of Illinois in Urbana-Champaign. While at the University of Illinois, Grochowski joined the staff of the student newspaper, the "Daily Illini", and served one year as its sports editor.
He then pursued a newspaper career, first working as a sportswriter for the "Suburban Trib" in Hinsdale, Illinois. From there, he moved to the "Colorado Springs Gazette Telegraph" in Colorado Springs, Colorado, before returning to Illinois as a sports copy editor for the "News-Sun" in Waukegan, Illinois. In 1982, he was hired as a copy editor by the "Chicago Sun-Times", and it was there he started writing about casinos and casino games with a weekly column starting in 1994.
Career.
In February 2017, Grochowski was ranked No. 9 on a list of top gambling experts by GamblingSites.com. It compared Grochowski to his former Chicago Sun-Times colleague, film critic Roger Ebert, for making his specialty a topic of mainstream conversation.
He published his first gambling book in 1996 entitled "Gaming: Cruising the Casino with a Syndicated Gambling Columnist". He then began a series of books all aimed at answering questions about a specific topic or game. The 1998 book "The Casino Answer Book" explained the basics of casino gambling for beginners. His other books include "The Video Poker Answer Book" 2000, "The Craps Answer Book" 2001 and "The Slot Machine Answer Book" 2005.
The author also contributes articles to magazines and internet publications. His articles can be found online at the Casino City Times website and in a number of magazines including "Casino Player," "Strictly Slots," "Southern Gaming and Destinations" and "Midwest Gaming &amp; Travel" magazines for players. He also writes for a number of industry publications, including "Casino Journal" and "Slot Manager" magazines.
Grochowski was one of the first to warn players about the high house edge on games that pay 6:5 on blackjacks instead of the traditional 3:2. Advantage play expert Eliot Jacobson, PhD, wrote, In August 2002, the Flamingo and a few other strip casinos introduced 6:5 blackjack. In September, 2002, John Grochowski wrote the first article bringing the house edge for 6:5 to light, “Avoid 6-5 Single-Deck Blackjack Games.”
The author also has gone into broadcasting. His one-minute "Casino Answer Man" tips began airing on news-talk WLS-AM (890) in Chicago in July 2010. Before that, he did one-minute "Beat the Odds tips" on all-news WBBM-AM (780) and a one-hour "Casino Answer Man" talk show on WCKG-FM (105.9), both in Chicago. The WBBM spots aired from May 2005 through June 2010. The WCKG-FM talk show made its debut in February 2006, and last aired Oct. 28, 2007. It was canceled when the station changed formats.
Grochowski has been featured on three Travel Channel specials, "Las Vegas: What Would You Do If ...", "Vegas: What's New 2005" and "Vegas: What's New 2006". He also had a moment in the limelight as a game show contestant, winning $125,000 in July 2000 on ABC's "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire" with Regis Philbin.

</doc>
<doc id="6979588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979588" title="Virginia State Route 18">
Virginia State Route 18

State Route 18 (SR 18) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. Known for most of its length as Potts Creek Road, the state highway runs from SR 311 in Paint Bank north to U.S. Route 60 (US 60) and US 220 in Covington.
Route description.
SR 18 begins at an intersection with SR 311 (Paint Bank Road) in the community of Paint Bank in Craig County. The state highway heads northeast as Potts Creek Road through the valley of Potts Creek, which was formerly known as Carpenter Creek. The Potts Creek valley is bookended by Potts Mountain to the east and Peters Mountain to the west; the latter mountain forms part of the Virginia – West Virginia state line. SR 18 enters Alleghany County and passes through the hamlets of Potts Creek, Jordan Mines, and Boiling Spring. At the state highway's final crossing of Potts Creek just south of its confluence with the Jackson River, the highway enters the city of Covington and becomes Indian Valley Road. At its intersection with Pitzer Ridge Road at the former site of Fort Carpenter, SR 18 becomes Carpenter Drive and crosses the Jackson River. The state highway crosses over CSX's Alleghany Subdivision. SR 18 parallels the railroad tracks north under Interstate 64 to its northern terminus at Madison Street, which carries US 60 and US 220, south of downtown Covington.

</doc>
<doc id="6979594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979594" title="Scalable TCP">
Scalable TCP

Type of Transmission Control Protocol which is designed to provide much higher throughput and scalability.
Standard TCP recommendations as per RFC 2581 and RFC 5681 call for congestion window to be halved for each packet lost. Effectively, this process keeps halving the throughput until packet loss stops. Once the packet loss subsides, slow start kicks in to ramp the speed back up. When the window sizes are small, say 1 Mbit/s @ 200 ms round trip time and the window is about 20 packets, this recovery time is quite fast—on the order of a few seconds. But as transfer speeds approach 1 Gbit/s, the recovery time becomes half an hour and for 10 Gbit/s it's over 4 hours.
Procedure.
Scalable TCP modifies the congestion control algorithm. Instead of halving the congestion window size, each packet loss decreases the congestion window by a small fraction (a factor of 1/8 instead of Standard TCP's 1/2) until packet loss stops. When packet loss stops, the rate is ramped up at a slow fixed rate (one packet is added for every one hundred successful acknowledgements) instead of the Standard TCP rate that's the inverse of the congestion window size (thus very large windows take a long time to recover). This helps reduce the recovery time on 10 Gbit/s links from 4+ hours (using Standard TCP) to less than 15 seconds when the round trip time is 200 milliseconds.

</doc>
<doc id="6979595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979595" title="F17 Torpedo">
F17 Torpedo



</doc>
<doc id="6979600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979600" title="Bell thistle">
Bell thistle



</doc>
<doc id="6979604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979604" title="Virginia State Highway 18">
Virginia State Highway 18



</doc>
<doc id="6979611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979611" title="Route 18 (Virginia)">
Route 18 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6979613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979613" title="State Route 18 (Virginia)">
State Route 18 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6979618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979618" title="State Route 18 (Virginia 1933)">
State Route 18 (Virginia 1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6979622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979622" title="Miguel Núñez de Sanabria">
Miguel Núñez de Sanabria

Doctor Miguel Núñez de Sanabria (1645 or 1646 – 1729) was a Spanish official in Peru and an "oidor" (judge) of the "Audiencia" of Lima. Twice he was interim viceroy of Peru (September 1705 to May 1707 and April 22 to September 14, 1710), in virtue of his office as president of the Audiencia.
Biography.
Núñez de Sanabria was born in Lima. He was a knight of the Order of Santiago and a professor of laws at the University of San Marcos, Lima. He bought a position as criminal "alcalde" before the Audiencia of Lima, and later became an oidor of the same Audiencia. He had much influence with his fellow "oidores".
As president of the Audiencia at the time of the death of Viceroy Melchor Portocarrero, 3rd Count of Monclova on September 15, 1705, Núñez de Sanabria took over the government of the colony on an interim basis, until Manuel de Oms y de Santa Pau succeeded him in May 1707. He served as interim viceroy again, briefly, from April to September 1710. He was still a member of the Audiencia in 1715.
He left Peru for Spain, where he was a member of the Council of the Indies and also of the Council of War. He died in Madrid in 1729.

</doc>
<doc id="6979623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979623" title="State Route 800 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 800 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6979625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979625" title="SoG technology">
SoG technology



</doc>
<doc id="6979629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979629" title="State Route 800 (Virginia 1928-1933)">
State Route 800 (Virginia 1928-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6979634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979634" title="Depressionism">
Depressionism



</doc>
<doc id="6979636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979636" title="Women as Imams">
Women as Imams



</doc>
<doc id="6979640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979640" title="State Route 800 (Virginia 1928)">
State Route 800 (Virginia 1928)



</doc>
<doc id="6979648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979648" title="Larry Scott (radio personality)">
Larry Scott (radio personality)

Larry Scott (September 27, 1938 – July 10, 2016) was an American country music disc jockey who hosted a number of country music shows in the U.S. 
First announcing on a radio station in Neosho, Missouri in 1955, Larry received a call from Al Brumley, originally from Powell, Missouri. Al and his brother, Tom, were in Bakersfield, California, playing country music. Al told Larry that if he ever wanted to be anybody in country music he needed to get out there. Larry packed his bags and headed West. He went to work for Cousin Herb Henson at KUZZ. He was there when it all happened, the Bakersfield Sound. He had an air shift at a KUZZ television show, produced Barbara Mandrell's first 45, plus making lifelong friends with Buck Owens, Merle Haggard, Bill Woods, and the other greats of Bakersfield music scene. Scott later moved to Los Angeles where he worked at radio stations KBBQ and KLAC from 1967 to 1982. 
During the Los Angeles time, his boss and dear friend, Bill Ward, knew the talent, but wanted him to gain more experience, KVEG, Las Vegas and WiL. St. Louis. Then he returned to Los Angeles. Bill and Larry had met in Dallas at a Gordon McLendon station. They were the first all country Station. Larry did the night shift, Bill was daytime. Larry still had his old California friends and knew about country music going to Los Angeles. He asked Bill if he wanted to go to California. They left Dallas for Burbank and KBBQ.
Next stop KFDI, Wichita, Kansas 1975 as program director and on-air personality. During this venture. Larry's love for Bob Wills and The Texas Playboys revived. They were in contact with Leon McAuliffe and Smoky Dacus in Arkansas. The band members were playing single dates. It was Larry and Mike's efforts with the assistance and permission of Betty Wills, assistance of Smoky and Leon to book them again as Bob Wills' Texas Playboys. They booked them for the Cotillion Ballroom in Wichita, Kansas. PACKED and SRO.
1977, Phoenix, AZ, KNIX
1979, Dallas, TX KRLD
1980, KLAC
1981, KWKH Shreveport, LA.
Born in Modesto, California, Scott was noted in country music circles for hosting "The Interstate Road Show" which aired overnight on KWKH from Shreveport, Louisiana and on KVOO (now KOTV) in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The show involved a mix of country music, news, vital weather reports and road conditions for truckers that were on the road. Mr. Scott is also known as a devotee of Western swing music and hosted Western Swing revival shows across the Southwestern United States. The most recent show honoring this genre occurred in Wichita Falls, Texas in 2006.
He was Entertainment Director for The Lincoln County Cowboy Symposium. Ruidoso, New Mexico, 25 years, booking the greats of Western Swing, with The Playboys featured and honored for 3 nights. Sold out crowds for 4 days and 3 nights.
Larry Scott also released an album of truck driving songs for Alshire Records in 1972 titled "Keep On Truckin' " (A/S). One song on the LP, "Phantom 570," alluded to his Phantom 570 truckers' show in which he played host on KLAC (570) radio in Los Angeles. A popular track from the album was "Diesel Cecil."
Larry Scott was retired from the radio business for a time and ran a trucking service out of Terrell, Texas. He returned to Shreveport to host several one-hour shows on KWKH on Sunday mornings until KWKH instituted a format change to sports talk in May 2012.
Larry Scott received the Deejay of the Year 1981 from the Country Music Association and from the Academy of Country Music Disc Jockey of the Year (1971, 72) and Radio Personality (1968, 74). Larry is also an inductee into the Texas Gospel Music Hall of Fame. Other awards include:
Larry Scott died in Oak Ridge, Kaufman County, Texas months before his 78th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="6979654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979654" title="Calmoun">
Calmoun



</doc>
<doc id="6979657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979657" title="Gamil Rodrigue Gharbi">
Gamil Rodrigue Gharbi



</doc>
<doc id="6979659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979659" title="System Service Processor">
System Service Processor

The System Service Processor (often abbreviated as SSP) is a SPARC-based computer that is used to control the Sun Microsystems Enterprise 10000 platform. The term SSP is often used to describe both the computer hardware and the software that are necessary to accomplish this task.
Functionality.
The System Service Processor software provided for the following functionality:
Several utilities were provided with the SSP software packages, including "hostview", a program that provided an X Window System interface for platform maintenance, and several CLI programs.
Implementation.
Normally, two System Service Processors were used per platform. One was configured as "Main" and the other as "Spare". Only the SSP in the role of "Main" could control the platform at any given time. Failover between "Main" and "Spare" was performed automatically by the SSP software.
Supported hardware platforms.
The following systems were supported for use as System Service Processors:

</doc>
<doc id="6979663" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979663" title="Basil (name)">
Basil (name)

The name Basil ("royal, kingly") comes from the male Greek name Vassilios (, female version ), which first appeared during the Hellenistic period. It is derived from "basileus" (), a Greek word of pre-Hellenic origin, meaning "king", from which words such as basilica and basilisk (via Latin) as well as the eponymous herb basil (via Old French) derive, and the name of the Italian region Basilicata, which had been long under the rule of the Byzantine Emperor (also called "basileus").
Derived names in different languages include Barsegh in Armenian; Basile in French; Basilius in German; Basilio in Italian and Spanish; Basílio in Portuguese; Basileo in Galician; Vasyl in Ukraine; Vasile in Romanian; Vasil in Bulgarian; Vasilije in Serbian; Vasiliy in Russian; Bazil, Bazsó, Vászoly and Vazul in Hungarian.
Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="6979675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979675" title="Benjamin Gavanon">
Benjamin Gavanon

Benjamin Gavanon (born 9 August 1980) is a French former professional footballer who played as a central midfielder.
Career.
Born in a suburb of Marseille, Gavanon started his career at his local club, Olympique de Marseille. However, Gavanon found it difficult to break into the Marseille first team, and played a total of seven minutes in six years as a professional at the club.
At the end of his time at Marseille, Gavanon spent a spell on loan at English club Nottingham Forest, then in the second tier of English football. However, Gavanon failed to break into the Forest first team and returned to France.
On his return, in the summer of 2003, Gavanon found himself unwanted, and his contract was terminated. He then signed a two-year contract with Ligue 2 club Nancy, and after impressing, earned himself a two-year extension, keeping him at the club until 2007.
After Nancy's promotion in 2005, Gavanon began to struggle with Ligue 1 football, but worked hard to regain his place towards the end of the season. He became a regular as Nancy continued in the top flight.
On 29 February 2012, China League One club Shenzhen Ruby announced that Gavanon had signed a two-year contract with the club.
Honours.
Nancy

</doc>
<doc id="6979684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979684" title="Jon the Dentist">
Jon the Dentist

John David Vaughan (born 2 October 1965), known professionally as Jon the Dentist, is a British hardhouse and trance music record producer. He released many popular singles including "Feel So Good" and "Imagination" with Ollie Jaye, both of which reached the UK Singles Chart.
Vaughan was born to parents Shirley and David in Eltham, London, and grew up in nearby Shooter's Hill with his sister Kate. A short period of time training to be a dentist resulted in his professional DJ name. 

</doc>
<doc id="6979685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979685" title="Otto Selz">
Otto Selz

Otto Selz (14 February 1881 – 27 August 1943) was a German psychologist, born in Munich, Bavaria. He formulated the first non-associationist theory of thinking, in 1913. Influenced by the German phenomenological tradition, Selz used the method of introspection, but unlike his predecessors, his theory developed without the use of images and associations. Wilhelm Wundt used the method of introspection in the 1880s, but thought that higher-level mental processes could not be studied in the scientific laboratory.
Work.
Selz's ideas anticipated some major concepts in modern cognitive psychology, including the following:
Selz was an associate professor of legal philosophy at the University of Bonn, 1921–1923. From 1923 to 1933, Selz was a full professor of philosophy, psychology, and pedagogy of the Mannheim Business School. He also served as the Rector of the Graduate School of Mannheim, 1929–1930. Selz's career was shortened by Nazi policies in Europe, which banned him from his profession in Germany because he was Jewish. In 1938, he was imprisoned in Dachau concentration camp, but was released after five weeks. In 1939, Selz emigrated to the Netherlands, teaching and researching (sometimes unofficially) in Amsterdam until 1943. On 24 July 1943 he was arrested and detained in Westerbork concentration camp. A month later, on 24 August, he was transported to Auschwitz concentration camp. Three days later, on 27 August 1943, Selz died in the vicinity of Auschwitz.
Aside from two pupils, Julius Bahle (a psychologist who applied Selz's psychology of productive thinking to the psychology of musical composition) and Adriaan de Groot, Selz never founded a school and after 1933 his name disappears almost completely from the German psychological literature.
Until recently, his works were largely untranslated from German into English.
In 2004, philosopher and psychologist Michel ter Hark, University of Groningen, published a book called "Popper, Otto Selz and the Rise of Evolutionary Epistemology", in which he argues that Karl Popper got part of his ideas from Selz. Selz himself never published these ideas, partly because of the rise of Nazism which forced him to quit his work in 1933, and the prohibition of referencing to Selz' work.

</doc>
<doc id="6979687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979687" title="Canada lily">
Canada lily



</doc>
<doc id="6979690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979690" title="Hardhouse">
Hardhouse



</doc>
<doc id="6979691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979691" title="Katie Puckrik">
Katie Puckrik

Katie Puckrik (born July 12, 1962) is an American broadcaster and newspaper columnist. Born in Virginia, Puckrik is best known for hosting British youth magazine shows "The Word" and "The Sunday Show" in the 1990s. She also created and hosted the British television talk show "Pyjama Party" and subsequently its American remake "Pajama Party".
She runs a fragrance-themed YouTube series and blog called "Katie Puckrik Smells", writes a column for magazines and newspapers including "The Guardian", and is a stand-in DJ on BBC Radio 6 Music, BBC Radio 2 and most recently Talkradio. She also co-hosts the history podcast "We Didn't Start the Fire" with Tom Fordyce.
Biography.
Born in Virginia, United States, Puckrik moved to London in 1984. She worked as a dancer, including on Michael Clark's "I Am Curious, Orange" in 1988 and the Pet Shop Boys' 1991 "Performance" tour. Following the end of this tour, she auditioned to become a presenter on Channel 4's late-night magazine show "The Word", beating more than five thousand hopefuls for the job. She co-presented the show's second and third series from 1991 to 1993 alongside Dani Behr, Terry Christian and Mark Lamarr before moving on to present Channel 4's coverage of the Glastonbury Festival in 1994, "4 Goes to Glastonbury", alongside Mark Kermode.
In 1995 she moved to the BBC, contributing showbiz reports to Mark Radcliffe and Marc Riley's BBC Radio 1 show "The Graveyard Shift", presenting the first two series of BBC Two's "The Sunday Show" with Donna McPhail, and fronting BBC Radio 5 Live's arts magazine "Entertainment Superhighway", having previously presented "Fashion Icons", a six-part series exploring fashion trends for BBC Radio 5 in February and March 1992. In 1996, Puckrik left the BBC to devise, produce and present "Pyjama Party" for ITV's post-primetime schedule. As part of a revamp of programming which saw the ITV Network form a uniform schedule through the night for the first time, "Pyjama Party" aired on Saturday evenings from January 1996. "The Independent" described the show as one in which "young women in frilly nightwear try to recreate their conspiratorial teenage years".
In 1999, at the age of 37, she published an autobiography, "Shooting from the Lip", in which the chapters were named after songs with personal significance.
In 2017, she presented a two-part radio series on power pop. In 2019, she presented a two-part BBC TV series on yacht rock, titled "I Can Go For That: The Smooth World of Yacht Rock". It was accompanied by a three-part BBC radio series. Since January 2021, Puckrik has hosted the "We Didn't Start the Fire" podcast with Tom Fordyce explaining the subjects referenced in lyrics of the song "We Didn't Start the Fire" by Billy Joel. Another podcast series presented by Puckrik started in October 2021, "dot com", exploring the people behind the internet.

</doc>
<doc id="6979697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979697" title="Katie Puckrick">
Katie Puckrick



</doc>
<doc id="6979698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979698" title="State Route 395 (Virginia pre-1928)">
State Route 395 (Virginia pre-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="6979700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979700" title="Yeah, You Want It!">
Yeah, You Want It!



</doc>
<doc id="6979711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979711" title="ARP-410 Airlines">
ARP-410 Airlines



</doc>
<doc id="6979717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979717" title="Sync on green">
Sync on green



</doc>
<doc id="6979723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979723" title="GU006">
GU006



</doc>
<doc id="6979730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979730" title="GU005">
GU005



</doc>
<doc id="6979732" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979732" title="Naughty Naughty (Porcelain Black song)">
Naughty Naughty (Porcelain Black song)



</doc>
<doc id="6979733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979733" title="Jelena">
Jelena

Jelena, also written Yelena and Elena, is a Slavic given name. 
The name is a Slavicized form of the Greek name Helena, and it signifies the word ‘Greek’ (Ελληνικά) meaning bright, light. Helena comes from Helios meaning 
shining and sunlight.
Diminutives of the name include Jelica, Jelka, Jele, Jela, Lena, Lenochka, Jeca, and Lenka.
Related names.
Helen, Helena, Yelena, Elena, Elaine, Ellen, Alyona, Alyena, Aliena, Olyena, Alena

</doc>
<doc id="6979740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979740" title="Conceptual clustering">
Conceptual clustering

Conceptual clustering is a machine learning paradigm for unsupervised classification that has been defined by Ryszard S. Michalski in 1980 (Fisher 1987, Michalski 1980) and developed mainly during the 1980s. It is distinguished from ordinary data clustering by generating a concept description for each generated class. Most conceptual clustering methods are capable of generating hierarchical category structures; see Categorization for more information on hierarchy. Conceptual clustering is closely related to formal concept analysis, decision tree learning, and mixture model learning.
Conceptual clustering vs. data clustering.
Conceptual clustering is obviously closely related to data clustering; however, in conceptual clustering it is not only the inherent structure of the data that drives cluster formation, but also the Description language which is available to the learner. Thus, a statistically strong grouping in the data may fail to be extracted by the learner if the prevailing concept description language is incapable of describing that particular "regularity". In most implementations, the description language has been limited to feature conjunction, although in COBWEB (see "" below), the feature language is probabilistic.
List of published algorithms.
A fair number of algorithms have been proposed for conceptual clustering. Some examples are given below:
More general discussions and reviews of conceptual clustering can be found in the following publications:
Example: A basic conceptual clustering algorithm.
This section discusses the rudiments of the conceptual clustering algorithm COBWEB. There are many other algorithms using different heuristics and "category goodness" or category evaluation criteria, but COBWEB is one of the best known. The reader is referred to the bibliography for other methods.
Knowledge representation.
The COBWEB data structure is a hierarchy (tree) wherein each node represents a given "concept". Each concept represents a set (actually, a multiset or bag) of objects, each object being represented as a binary-valued property list. The data associated with each tree node (i.e., concept) are the integer property counts for the objects in that concept. For example, (see figure), let a concept formula_1 contain the following four objects (repeated objects being permitted). 
The three properties might be, for example, codice_5. Then what is stored at this concept node is the property count codice_6, indicating that 1 of the objects in the concept is male, 3 of the objects have wings, and 3 of the objects are nocturnal. The concept "description" is the category-conditional probability (likelihood) of the properties at the node. Thus, given that an object is a member of category (concept) formula_1, the likelihood that it is male is formula_3. Likewise, the likelihood that the object has wings and likelihood that the object is nocturnal or both is formula_4. The concept description can therefore simply be given as codice_7, which corresponds to the formula_1-conditional feature likelihood, i.e., formula_6.
The figure to the right shows a concept tree with five concepts. formula_7 is the root concept, which contains all ten objects in the data set. Concepts formula_1 and formula_9 are the children of formula_7, the former containing four objects, and the later containing six objects. Concept formula_9 is also the parent of concepts formula_12, formula_13, and formula_14, which contain three, two, and one object, respectively. Note that each parent node (relative superordinate concept) contains all the objects contained by its child nodes (relative subordinate concepts). In Fisher's (1987) description of COBWEB, he indicates that only the total attribute counts (not conditional probabilities, and not object lists) are stored at the nodes. Any probabilities are computed from the attribute counts as needed.
The COBWEB language.
The description language of COBWEB is a "language" only in a loose sense, because being fully probabilistic it is capable of describing any concept. However, if constraints are placed on the probability ranges which concepts may represent, then a stronger language is obtained. For example, we might permit only concepts wherein at least one probability differs from 0.5 by more than formula_15. Under this constraint, with formula_16, a concept such as codice_8 could not be constructed by the learner; however a concept such as codice_9 would be accessible because at least one probability differs from 0.5 by more than formula_15. Thus, under constraints such as these, we obtain something like a traditional concept language. In the limiting case where formula_18 for every feature, and thus every probability in a concept must be 0 or 1, the result is a feature language base on conjunction; that is, every concept that can be represented can then be described as a conjunction of features (and their negations), and concepts that cannot be described in this way cannot be represented.
Evaluation criterion.
In Fisher's (1987) description of COBWEB, the measure he uses to evaluate the quality of the hierarchy is Gluck and Corter's (1985) category utility (CU) measure, which he re-derives in his paper. The motivation for the measure is highly similar to the "information gain" measure introduced by Quinlan for decision tree learning. It has previously been shown that the CU for feature-based classification is the same as the mutual information between the feature variables and the class variable (Gluck &amp; Corter, 1985; Corter &amp; Gluck, 1992), and since this measure is much better known, we proceed here with mutual information as the measure of category "goodness".
What we wish to evaluate is the overall utility of grouping the objects into a particular hierarchical categorization structure. Given a set of possible classification structures, we need to determine whether one is better than another.

</doc>
<doc id="6979743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979743" title="D.P. 7">
D.P. 7



</doc>
<doc id="6979747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979747" title="GU004">
GU004



</doc>
<doc id="6979755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979755" title="Pilot (Ugly Betty)">
Pilot (Ugly Betty)

"Pilot" is the first episode and the series premiere of the American comedy-drama series "Ugly Betty". It first aired on September 28, 2006 on the ABC network in the United States. This is also the most watched episode of the season and the series with more than 16 million viewers.
Plot.
Betty Suarez, an unglamorous woman in her 20s, starts work for a fashion magazine called "MODE", and in the process is introduced to the harsh treatment she will have to deal with from her more beautiful co-workers. She also meets with her boss, Daniel Meade, who was just named the new editor in chief by his father, Bradford Meade. Daniel succeeds the revered Fey Sommers, who was killed in a suspicious car accident. The announcement of Daniel being named editor-in-chief does not sit well with Wilhelmina Slater, the magazine's creative editor who has been vying for the position herself.
Daniel is not keen about having Betty working with him because she is homely, so he plots to have her quit by giving her difficult and outrageous tasks. When Betty gets wind of this from the company seamstress, Christina McKinney, she is badly hurt and says that perhaps that is the way she was supposed to land a job. After Daniel makes Betty stand in for an embarrassing modeling shoot, he has a change of heart after realizing what he is putting her through and halts the shoot as Betty walks out in anger and tears, leaving a regretful Daniel behind.
In her personal life, Betty has to deal with her sister Hilda Suarez, a single mother who thinks that her college-educated sister is not cut out for work in the fashion world, and wants Betty to join her in selling Herbalux. Betty takes responsibility for her father Ignacio Suarez by phoning his HMO to get treatment for his health condition. As well as this, Betty's boyfriend, Walter, dumps her for her neighbor Gina Gambarro. After going to Gina's house to complain about her dating activities, and walking in on her making out with another man, Betty learns that Gina was using Walter in order to get a discount on a plasma TV. Fuming, Betty storms out of Gina's house, accidentally destroying the TV in the process.
Daniel later learns that he is in danger of losing the Fabia cosmetics account, unaware that he is being sabotaged by Wilhelmina and his best friend, a photographer who has been known to plagiarize other people's work (after Betty mentions a layout he did) and is responsible for the aforementioned shoot that Betty was in. After seeing a new cosmetics layout proposal created by Betty, Daniel realizes that he needs her. Walter later ends things with Gina and tries to convince Betty to take him back. However, they are interrupted when Daniel walks in, so Betty tells Walter to leave, after which Daniel makes a passionate plea to her to return after seeing her layout proposal. Betty eventually returns and in the process not only saves the campaign, but also his job.
Meanwhile, Wilhelmina pays a visit to a person whose face is partially wrapped up and it is revealed that the two are already discussing behind-the-scenes sinister plans to take over Meade Publications. While she looks in the mirror, she also says that they should keep a close eye on Betty.
Production.
Casting.
America Ferrera was cast as the titular character, after Hayek approached her about the role. Ferrera said she read the script and "fell in love with the character". Ferrera compared Betty to Bridget from "Bridget Jones's Diary", calling her an "underdog". In February 2006, Christian Toto from "The Washington Times" reported that Eric Mabius had joined the cast as Daniel Meade, the son of the publisher who was made editor-in-chief of "MODE". Actress Charlotte Ross was originally cast as Wilhelmina Slater, but she pulled out before filming to join the pilot for ABC comedy show "Pink Collar". Vanessa L. Williams replaced Ross.
Becki Newton did not expect to get the role of receptionist Amanda Tanen, after she attended two unsuccessful pilot auditions on the same day. Of her casting, Horta said "We were trying to find a girl that is gorgeous and funny, and that's a lot tougher than you think. It's really rare. And Becki came in and she was beautiful and she just nailed it." Michael Urie knew that his role of Wilhelmina's assistant Marc St. James was a one episode appearance, as an original story idea had Wilhelmina firing her assistants each week. Urie explained that he only had a few scenes in the pilot, but Williams made sure he stood close to her, so they could perform some funny moments together and then she would "bark" the character's name, so his scenes were not cut. Urie became a series regular when Horta noticed that he had good comic timing.
Ana Ortiz originally auditioned for the role of Betty. She made an effort to change her appearance for the character, but she knew she was not right for the part. She said, "I was super plain. I just put on some glasses and kept my hair kind of flat and layered on the clothing. My objective was mainly to go in there and give a really good audition because I was so excited about the project." Ortiz was asked to play Betty's older sister Hilda instead.
British actress Ashley Jensen was cast as Christina McKinney, a seamstress and Betty's confidante. Shortly after acquiring an American agent, Jensen travelled to Los Angeles in January 2006 for pilot season. She was sent the script for "Ugly Betty" and later attended a screen test at the studio, which she described as "terrifying". Christina was originally American, but the producers liked Jensen's Scottish accent so much they changed the character's nationality in order for her to keep it and remain British. As well as producing the series, Hayek makes an appearance as a maid on a telenovela watched by the Suarez family. Venezuelan telenovela star Lupita Ferrer also appears in the scene.
Filming.
Horta had a specific idea of what Betty's world and the "MODE" offices would look like. He compared his vision to the directorial style of Pedro Almodóvar, calling it "a bit of heightened reality, but a real sort of grounded, emotional factor". Richard Shepard was chosen to direct the pilot, after Horta saw his work on "The Matador" (2005). He thought the bright colors and the balance of comedy and emotion that Shepard set in the film was also the right tone for "Ugly Betty". The pilot was shot in early 2006 on location in New York City and at the Silvercup Studios. The Woolworth Building in Manhattan stood in for the headquarters of Meade Publications, while Betty's home in Queens was shot on-location in the borough. After the pilot was filmed, production for the rest of the season was moved to Los Angeles as filming in New York was believed to be too expensive at the time.
Costumes and make-up.
Former "Sex and the City" costume designer Patricia Field worked on the clothing for the pilot. Shephard told Field that he wanted an explosion of color in the episode, which appealed to her, as she was often told to hold back. Field and her team created Betty's "garish" Guadalajara poncho after they could not find one that was "tacky enough" to fit the brief. Several different ponchos and a Mexican jacket were reconstructed into the end product. Betty's signature red Alain Mikli glasses originally belonged to Field. She and her team had had trouble finding the right pair, when Ferrera noticed Field wearing the glasses on her head and asked to try them on. Field donated the glasses to the show, as the distinctive "cat-eyed shape" drew attention to Betty's bushy eyebrows and hair.
To create Betty's bushy eyebrows, make-up artist Beverly Jo Pryor used a specially designed brush to apply a cream eye liner to Ferrera's face that gave an appearance of individual hairs. Pryor also used a little blush, lip moisturizer and a skin moisturizer that was lighter than Ferrera's real skin color to complete the character's look. Betty's braces were created using a plastic piece, similar to a retainer, that fitted over Ferrera's teeth. The actress went to a dentist, who made a mold of her teeth, so the piece would fit correctly. Hairstylist Roddy Stayton made a dark brown wig out of real hair for the character. He said, "the look is supposed to be that she got up, shampooed her hair and just let it dry."
Reception.
Ratings.
In its original airing, "Pilot" attracted 16.32 million viewers and a 5.0 rating/14 share among adults 18-49, making it ABC's best demo result with a regular scripted series since the debut of "My So-Called Life" in 1995.
In the United Kingdom, "Pilot" originally aired on Channel 4 on January 5, 2007, attracting 4.89 million viewers, giving it a 19% audience share between 9.30pm and 10.30pm. "Ugly Betty" had the third highest audience for any US series launch on Channel 4, after "Lost" and "Desperate Housewives".
In Australia, the episode pulled in 2.13 million viewers, making it the highest rated show in the country for February 18, 2007.
Critical response.
The episode received mostly positive reviews. Robert Bianco of "USA Today" gave the episode 3 and a half stars, and wrote "There is no new show more likable, but that affection may waver if Betty can't give Ferrera the scripts and support she deserves. Even intense charm can curdle if you lean on it exclusively." Rob Owen from the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" deemed the episode "pretty good", but he wondered if the "premise may be too slight" to maintain a full series. "The New York Times" Virginia Heffernan praised Mabius and Ferrera's "sparkling rapport" and said "the two have a valet-hero back-and-forth that, if the writers really explore it, might make them a prime-time Wooster and Jeeves." Heffernan added that the show was "worth watching" for its humor and sweetness. Michael Slezak from "Entertainment Weekly" observed that the episode was full of clichés, but thought Ferrera's performance was good enough to hide the fact they had all been seen before. He added "Despite a pilot episode that doesn't contain a single surprising plot point, Betty comes off as remarkably fresh."
Michael Ausiello, writing for "TV Guide", chose the episode as his "most satisfying pilot", adding "Allow me to be the first to say, 'God bless America Ferrera!'" A writer for PopSugar said "We enjoyed the first episode and can't wait to see where it's headed." They thought that the show's format would have been ideal for a thirty-minute sitcom instead of being an hour long, but hoped the network's decision would prove them wrong in the long term. The "Liverpool Echo's" Paddy Shennan praised the episode for having "substance as well as style" and for its "extremely likeable" main character. Shennan quipped "It's all far-fetched nonsense, but it's fun, far-fetched nonsense". Hadley Freeman of "The Guardian" also noted the clichés, but thought some of the jokes were funny and enjoyed Ferrera's performance. Freeman stated that she was "not only appealing with palpable intelligence, she manages to play the outsider without recourse to sneering at the world in which she works."
Accolades.
The episode was nominated for and won several awards following its broadcast. At the 9th ALMA Awards, Horta won the Outstanding Writer for a Television Series, Mini-Series, or TV Movie accolade. While Shepard won the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directorial Achievement in a Comedy Series. Junie Lowry Johnson and Bernard Telsey won the Comedy Pilot Casting award from the Casting Society of America. Lowry Johnson also received a nomination in the Best Comedy Episodic Casting category.
At the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards, Shepard won Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series and Ferrera won Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series. The episode had been submitted for consideration in the categories of Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series and Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series (for Sussman) respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="6979767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979767" title="High mpg">
High mpg



</doc>
<doc id="6979768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979768" title="Alceu Valenca">
Alceu Valenca



</doc>
<doc id="6979776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979776" title="Circumcison">
Circumcison



</doc>
<doc id="6979780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979780" title="Hofmann Isonitrile synthesis">
Hofmann Isonitrile synthesis



</doc>
<doc id="6979782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979782" title="Metirosine">
Metirosine



</doc>
<doc id="6979791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979791" title="Krasnoye Selo">
Krasnoye Selo

Krasnoye Selo (, lit. "Red (or beautiful) village") is a municipal town in Krasnoselsky District of the federal city of St. Petersburg, Russia. It is located south-southeast of the city center. Population: 
It was founded in the early 18th century as simply Krasnoye, as a suburban village south of St. Petersburg. In 1764, the village had a paper mill, located near the road leading to St. Petersburg. During the 19th century, Krasnoye Selo developed as a recreational suburb of the capital with numerous summer dachas and villas, including the summer residences of the royals. In 1884, the famous airplane designer Alexander Mozhaysky tested his early monoplane there, achieving a power-assisted take off or 'hop' of .
In late pre-revolutionary times, Krasnoye Selo was the location of the annual military manoeuvres presided over by the ruling Emperor himself. It was in Krasnoye Selo that, on Saturday July 25, 1914, the council of ministers was held at which Tsar Nicholas II decided to protect Serbia in its conflict with Austria, thereby bringing about Russia's entrance in the First World War.
During World War II, Krasnoye Selo was under German occupation from 12 September 1941 until 19 January 1944.
Krasnoye Selo was granted town status in 1925, and in 1973 it was transferred under the jurisdiction of the city of Leningrad (St. Petersburg's name in 1924–91).

</doc>
<doc id="6979794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979794" title="High mileage competition">
High mileage competition



</doc>
<doc id="6979795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979795" title="Sun Lake Aircraft">
Sun Lake Aircraft



</doc>
<doc id="6979798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979798" title="X (Xbox show)">
X (Xbox show)

X (sometimes called the X0 events) was an annually held trade show hosted by Microsoft Gaming, showcasing its Xbox portfolio of hardware, software, and services.
Microsoft Canada also organised an X0 event every year to present its games primarily for the Canadian press, rather than an international audience. This show first started in 2002 and was open to the public in 2006. The last Canadian event, X13 Media Preview was held in Toronto in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="6979807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979807" title="RK Metković">
RK Metković

Rukometni klub Metković – Zalmo is a men's professional handball club from Metković, Croatia. It is the only club to win a domestic title and the Croatian Cup, except RK Zagreb. Mostly due to financial difficulties, the club has not competed in the Croatian Handball Premier League between 2010 and 2022.
History.
The first club was founded on 26 September 1963 under the name Mehanika ('Mechanics'). RK Metković has changed its name several times since his foundation, so it played under the names of Razvitak ('Progress'), Metković Jambo, and another team, Metković 1963, until reunification.
Accomplishments.
In the 2000–01 season of the Croatian League, Metković and RK Zagreb tied for first place, but RK Zagreb had a home advantage in the finals, which were not completed. Metković finished first in the 2001–02 season of the Croatian League, but because of a player Blaženko Lacković whose transfer from RK Zagreb to Metković was not completed (it was still a case in arbitration; he played for them in a friendly match under a different name) they were moved to second place. 

</doc>
<doc id="6979809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979809" title="Stephen II of Croatia">
Stephen II of Croatia

Stephen II () was the last member of the Trpimirović dynasty and last native king of Croatia to rule the entire medieval Croatian Kingdom. Stephen's father was Gojslav, the younger brother of Peter Krešimir IV of Croatia. Stephen was duke of Croatia under Krešimir around 1066.
He was due to succeed Peter Krešimir IV but was sidelined by the people and clergy in 1075 who instead bestowed the title of king on Demetrius Zvonimir, previously a ban in Slavonia.
Stephen II was forced to live in the monastery of St Stephen Beneath the Pines ("Sv. Stjepan pod borovima") on the peninsula of Sustipan, near Split. The formal reason for life in the monastery is an alleged illness, so in his charter from 1078, Stephen writes:"I, Stephen, once glittering Prince of the Croats, devastated by a bad illness, call upon the honorable priests of the Croatian kingdom to find a remedy for my sins. Of their advice I took heed, and let myself be brought to the monastery of St Stephen. Here I was relieved of all my honours and had chosen the grabe, recommending the monastery's leader to mention me in his prayers."King Demetrius Zvonimir was a member of the junior Svetoslavić branch of the House of Trpimirović (descendants of Svetoslav Suronja). By the time Demetrius Zvonimir died in 1089, Stephen was old and seriously affected by ill health. Nevertheless, he assumed the throne after being persuaded by the aristocracy and clergy.
Stephen's rule was relatively ineffectual and lasted less than two years. He spent most of this time in the tranquility of the monastery near Split, where he stayed before becoming king. Zvonimir's widow, Queen Jelena, reportedly plotted the inheritance of the Croatian Crown for her brother, King Ladislaus I of Hungary.
Stephen II died peacefully in December 1090, or at the beginning of 1091, without leaving an heir. War and unrest broke out in Croatia shortly afterward, with the southern nobility electing Petar Snačić as King of Croatia in 1093, immediately entering into conflict with the Hungarian king Ladislaus. The war culminated in the Battle of Gvozd Mountain in 1097 leading to a personal union of Croatia and Hungary in 1102, ruled by Coloman.

</doc>
<doc id="6979811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979811" title="X01">
X01



</doc>
<doc id="6979817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979817" title="X02">
X02



</doc>
<doc id="6979820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979820" title="Al Assi River">
Al Assi River



</doc>
<doc id="6979821" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979821" title="X03">
X03



</doc>
<doc id="6979823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979823" title="GU008">
GU008



</doc>
<doc id="6979826" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979826" title="Belhurst Castle">
Belhurst Castle

Belhurst Castle is a former private residence on the shores of Seneca Lake in Geneva, New York, United States. It was designed by architects Fuller &amp; Wheeler and built between 1885 and 1889. The three-story, nine bay wide Romanesque Revival style mansion is constructed of Medina sandstone. It has a slate gable roof, one-story solarium, and four rectangular stone chimneys. It features projecting porches, bays, towers with conical and pyramidal roofs, eyebrow windows, and a porte cochere with Syrian arch.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
Supplemented by modern facilities, Belhurst Castle has been adapted for hotel and retail uses. It holds a hotel with three choices of lodging (Vinifera Inn, Chambers in the Castle, and White Springs Manor); two ballrooms to host weddings, two restaurants (Edgar's Restaurant and Stonecutters); spa, and a winery.
Belhurst Castle has previously been used as a speakeasy during Prohibition, casino, and supper club.

</doc>
<doc id="6979828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979828" title="X04">
X04



</doc>
<doc id="6979831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979831" title="Instruction creep">
Instruction creep

Instruction creep or rule creep occurs when instructions or rules accumulate over time until they are unmanageable or inappropriate. It is a type of scope creep. The accumulation of bureaucratic requirements results in overly complex procedures that are often misunderstood, irritating, time-wasting, or ignored. 
Instruction creep is common in complex organizations, where rules and guidelines are created by changing groups of people over extended periods of time. The constant state of flux in such groups often leads them to add or modify instructions, rather than simplifying, consolidating, or generalizing existing ones. This can result in a loss of clarity, efficiency, and communication, or even of consistency. Alternatives to instruction creep include applying the KISS principle, articulating general principles rather than specific rules, and trusting people to use their best judgment.
The fundamental fallacy of instruction creep is believing that people read instructions with the same level of attention and comprehension, regardless of the volume or complexity of those instructions. A byproduct is the advent of many new rules having the deliberate intent to control others via fiat, without considering consensus or collaboration. This tends to antagonize others, even when it appears to the instigators that they are acting with proper intent.
Characteristics.
Instruction creep slowly accumulates, which makes it harder for people to notice the accumulating burden of complex rules and procedures. As the changes happen slowly, the phenomenon of creeping normality results in people adapting to each individual change without realizing how abnormal or undesirable the overall system has become. In some cases, so many rules are in place that compliance becomes impossible.
Many of the rules added over time are intended to cover edge cases or other uncommon situations. For example, a rule will say that everyone must wear work boots at an industrial workplace, and later the rule will be expanded to say that employees working in office buildings are exempt, and still later it will be expanded to specify whether a person must change shoes when moving from one part of the building to another. In other instances, rule creep results in a rule being applied more broadly than originally intended. For example, the rule will say that everyone must wear work boots, and this internal rule will be applied to package delivery drivers.
Instruction creep reduces the scope for people to use their judgement and discretion. For example, instead of telling employees that reasonable expenses will be reimbursed for business travel, rules may accumulate over time to specify precisely which expenses will be reimbursed under which circumstances. Expecting people to follow the rules instead of using their judgement is a form of micromanagement.
Results.
Employees may spend excessive amounts of time dealing with red tape in the form of complying with the rules or documenting their compliance with the procedures. Bad processes and complexity may distract employees from important goals. The rules restrict individuals and teams from meeting their goals or finding better solutions to problems.
In the civil sphere, rule creep can slowly create or extend some unjustified rules that erode individual liberties. It can be difficult to find a balance and determine which rules are justified, because a rule that restricts one person (e.g., someone who wants to have a noisy party late at night) can also benefit another person (e.g., neighbors who do not want noisy parties when they need to sleep).
Removing rules.
When rules become excessive, it may be necessary to systematically remove the rules. Companies such as Thrivent and Google have intentionally identified and removed rules. Netflix has a corporate policy to minimize rules. Removing and resisting rules requires conscious effort. In some cases, rules may be modified to be less onerous, such as submitting a photo of a receipt instead of an original paper receipt. In other cases, specific rules may be replaced with statements of more general principles and a decision to empower people to use their best judgment.

</doc>
<doc id="6979832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979832" title="GU007">
GU007



</doc>
<doc id="6979834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979834" title="X05">
X05



</doc>
<doc id="6979836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979836" title="Jeffrey van Hooydonk">
Jeffrey van Hooydonk

Jeffrey van Hooydonk (born 1 October 1977) is a Belgian racing car driver.
A native of Antwerp, Van Hooydonk began racing karts in 1990 and graduated to open-wheel racing five years later. For the next three seasons, he was successful in Formula Renault, winning the European Formula Super Renault championship in 1997. He progressed to German Formula Three the following year, finishing sixth in the championship, and then moving up to Formula 3000 in 1999. Despite scoring one pole position, the next two years were largely unsuccessful, and he switched to the Belcar series in 2001 with a Porsche 996.
After returning the German F3 in 2002, and finishing fifth overall, van Hooydonk was again promoted to F3000 and remained there for the 2003 and 2004 seasons, with moderate success. This was not enough to get him a drive in the new GP2 Series which replaced F3000 in 2005, and, despite a test with the MF1 Formula One team, he returned to tin-top racing by competing in the European Mégane Trophy for that year, finishing the championship in fourth whilst driving for ex-F1 driver Thierry Boutsen's team. He also is the first Champion of the Porsche Carrera Cup Benelux, winning it in 2013.
Van Hooydonk has also competed in endurance races at Zolder, Spa-Francorchamps and Le Mans.

</doc>
<doc id="6979837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979837" title="Supermassive Black Hole (Muse song)">
Supermassive Black Hole (Muse song)



</doc>
<doc id="6979838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979838" title="X06">
X06



</doc>
<doc id="6979845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979845" title="Domen, Norway">
Domen, Norway

, , or is a mountain on the Varanger Peninsula in eastern Finnmark county, Norway. The tall mountain is located near the coast between the small fishing village Kiberg and the island of Vardøya. Domen is bare and flat-topped, with a steep slope towards the Barents Sea below. The European route E75 highway runs along the western side of the mountain from Svartnes to Kiberg. The road is often closed in the winter due to bad weather.
Name.
The Old Norse name of the Arctic Sea was "Dumbshaf" . This sea ("haf") was named after the mountain "Dumbr" (an old form of "Domen"). The name is probably related to the English word "dumb", but in what meaning is unclear.
History and folklore.
Domen is often associated with the witch trials in Finnmark during the 17th century. Vardø was the site of approximately 70 witch trials between 1601 and 1663. This was a large number, since there were only a couple of hundred inhabitants in the area at that time.
According to folklore, Vardø and Domen became infamous as "the end of the world", Ultima Thule and the entrance to Hell was said to be somewhere around Domen or Vardø, and so witches flew to Domen to meet the devil for sabbath.

</doc>
<doc id="6979852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979852" title="GU009">
GU009



</doc>
<doc id="6979854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979854" title="Dog Trainer">
Dog Trainer



</doc>
<doc id="6979859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979859" title="Natanleod">
Natanleod

Natanleod, according to the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle", was a king of the Britons. His inclusion in the "Chronicle" is widely believed to be the product of folk etymology.
History.
Under the year 508, a date which is not to be relied upon, the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" reports that Cerdic and Cynric "killed a certain British king named Natanleod, and 5 thousand men with him – after whom the land as far as Cerdic's ford was named "Natanleaga"". Cerdic's ford is identified with North Charford and South Charford in modern Hampshire and "Natanleaga" with a marshy area, Netley Marsh, close to the town of Totton in Hampshire. This claim is disputed by Andrew Breeze, who takes the account to be genuine. Bernard Mees, while agnostic to the entry's truth, notes that the story could be a garbled recollection of Brythonic infighting in sub-Roman Britain given Cerdic's own name is known to be of Celtic origin.
"Natanleaga", however, is generally thought not to preserve the name of a defeated British king, but is instead derived from the Old English element ("wet") (in its weak oblique form ). However this hypothesized weak oblique form is not otherwise attested according to Bernard Mees. Potential onomastic evidence for a Celtic origin exists: a recent find of pottery at a Roman settlement at Healam Bridge west of Pickhill, North Yorkshire contains the Gaulish name "Natonus", which could be linguistically related. According to this theory the second element of this name is the Old English "lēod" ("prince" or "chief") and the source used by the "Chronicle"'s complier may have read something like "Natan leod". Edwin Guest in 1842 suggested a similar derivation, although lacking the Healam Bridge evidence supposed ""Nate" to be a fem. subst. signifying a district, "Natanleod" will mean the Prince of Nate, and "Natanleaga" the lea of Nate."
If his origin is as an invented persona, Natanleod is not unique in the early part of the "Chronicle". Similar folk etymologies are believed to have produced the Jutish king Wihtgar, Port, the supposed eponym of Portsmouth, and others. James Campbell notes the similarity between such Anglo-Saxon traditions and the Middle Irish language "dindshenchas", such as the "Metrical Dindshenchas", which record traditions about places.
In the 18th and 19th centuries, Natanleod was frequently identified with Ambrosius Aurelianus, or even Uther Pendragon. Edward Gibbon, in "The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire", refers to this identification with scepticism: "By the unanimous, though doubtful, conjecture of our antiquarians, Ambrosius is confounded with Natanleod, who lost his own life and five thousand of his subjects in a battle against Cerdic, the West Saxon."

</doc>
<doc id="6979860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979860" title="Teekay Petrojarl">
Teekay Petrojarl

Teekay Petrojarl was the largest Floating Production Storage and Offloading (FPSO) operator in the North Sea with a daily production of 339,000 barrels of oil per day and a storage capacity of of crude oil. Teekay Petrojarl operated five FPSO vessels, two shuttle tankers and one storage tanker. It was owned by Teekay, a large operator of tankers until purchased by Brookfield Asset Management, becoming Altera Infrastructure.
History.
Teekay Petrojarl started off as Golar Nor Offshore and was part of Petroleum Geo-Services (PGS) in 1998 when it acquired Golar-Nor and two FPSO vessels, Petrojarl I and Petrojarl Foinaven. Within a year two more vessels were delivered Petrojarl Banff and Petrojarl Varg. In 2005 the company acquired the shuttle tanker Rita Knutsen with possibilities for FPSO conversion. In 2007, the Russian tanker "Che Guevara" was converted into FPSO Petrojarl Cidade de Rio das Ostras by the Polish Remontowa S.A.
Petrojarl ASA was demerged from Petroleum Geo-Services in 2006 and listed on Oslo Stock Exchange in June. Teekay acquired majority ownership in December and Petrojarl ASA became Teekay Petrojarl ASA.

</doc>
<doc id="6979867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979867" title="Tribute to Tonny Koeswoyo">
Tribute to Tonny Koeswoyo



</doc>
<doc id="6979875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979875" title="List of College Athletic Programs by US State">
List of College Athletic Programs by US State



</doc>
<doc id="6979880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979880" title="GU010">
GU010



</doc>
<doc id="6979894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979894" title="Geroge F. Rogers">
Geroge F. Rogers



</doc>
<doc id="6979897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979897" title="Drazen Muzinic">
Drazen Muzinic



</doc>
<doc id="6979900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979900" title="Steven irwin">
Steven irwin



</doc>
<doc id="6979904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979904" title="CD Sutchipequez">
CD Sutchipequez



</doc>
<doc id="6979911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979911" title="George F. Rogers">
George F. Rogers

George Frederick Rogers (March 19, 1887 – November 20, 1948) was an American businessman and politician from New York, serving one term in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1945 to 1947.
Life.
Rogers was born on March 19, 1887, in Harwood, Ontario. He immigrated to the United States in 1899. He was educated in Canada and in Rochester, New York. Rogers became a merchant in Rochester. He served for three years as president of the Monroe County Retail Food Merchants' Association
Political career.
He was a member of the Board of Supervisors of Monroe County from 1934 to 1935. He was a member of the New York State Senate (46th D.) in 1937 and 1938.
Congress.
He was elected as a Democrat to the 79th United States Congress, holding office from January 3, 1945, to January 3, 1947. He unsuccessfully ran for re-election in 1946 against Kenneth B. Keating and was defeated again by Keating in 1948.
Death and burial.
Rogers died on November 20, 1948, in Cobourg, Ontario. He was buried at Riverside Cemetery in Rochester.

</doc>
<doc id="6979913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979913" title="Khatukai">
Khatukai

Khatukai may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6979917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979917" title="1917 Finnish parliamentary election">
1917 Finnish parliamentary election

Parliamentary elections were held in the Grand Duchy of Finland on 1 and 2 October 1917. The general voter turnout was higher than in previous elections. The Social Democrats lost the absolute majority that they had had in the previous two elections (although they, like the other parties, had increased their number of votes in absolute terms). In other words, the "bourgeois" (non-socialist) parties taken together now had more than half the seats.
Background.
The elections were the result of the constitutional crisis in Finland caused by the Russian revolution. As Russian Tsar Nicholas, head of state in Finland, had abdicated without a successor, the Finnish Parliament stated that it would become the highest power in internal matters. The Russian Provisional Government did not accept this, but ordered premature parliamentary elections, which was thought illegal by the Socialists.
Campaign.
The Social Democrats demanded the quick implementation of eight-hour work day and the quick freeing of tenant farmers. The bourgeois parties, on average, wanted first to ensure that Finland would become fully independent, and only then to implement such social and economic reforms.

</doc>
<doc id="6979928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979928" title="Homegrown (NZ Idol album)">
Homegrown (NZ Idol album)



</doc>
<doc id="6979937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979937" title="Global Underground 10">
Global Underground 10



</doc>
<doc id="6979942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979942" title="Ivyann Schwann">
Ivyann Schwann



</doc>
<doc id="6979946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979946" title="George Frederick Rogers">
George Frederick Rogers



</doc>
<doc id="6979953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979953" title="GU011">
GU011



</doc>
<doc id="6979959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979959" title="Egg (bank)">
Egg (bank)



</doc>
<doc id="6979961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979961" title="Supermassive Black Hole (Muse single)">
Supermassive Black Hole (Muse single)



</doc>
<doc id="6979964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979964" title="Gemna Horde">
Gemna Horde



</doc>
<doc id="6979966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979966" title="Petar Svacic">
Petar Svacic



</doc>
<doc id="6979967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979967" title="3dMark">
3dMark



</doc>
<doc id="6979969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979969" title="Yahsar">
Yahsar



</doc>
<doc id="6979974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979974" title="GU012">
GU012



</doc>
<doc id="6979982" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979982" title="List of recurring characters on The Simpsons">
List of recurring characters on The Simpsons



</doc>
<doc id="6979984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979984" title="Litter (rescue basket)">
Litter (rescue basket)

A litter is a stretcher designed to be used where there are physical obstacles that impair movement, including other hazards such as, in confined spaces, on slopes or uneven terrain, or in densely forested areas. Typically it is shaped to accommodate an adult in a face up position and it is used in search and rescue operations. The person is strapped into the basket, making safe evacuation possible. The person generally is further protected by a cervical collar and sometimes a long spine board, so as to immobilize the person and prevent further injury.
A litter essentially is a stretcher with sides (or just a raised edge) and a removable head and/or torso cover. They are most notably remembered from Korea and Vietnam images of United States Air Force Pararescue airmen or more recent Coast Guard video clips of helicopters rescuing injured people from isolated areas. Some will also recall the images from the TV shows "Emergency!" and "M*A*S*H" of fixed stretchers on either side of medical evacuation helicopters.
One widely used style of litter is the Stokes basket.
Uses.
After the person is secured in the litter, the litter may be wheeled, carried by hand, mounted on an ATV, towed behind skis, snowmobile, or horse, lifted or lowered on high angle ropes, or hoisted by helicopter.
Litters are used to rescue victims in confined spaces, such as inside a ship or a cave network. Litters used in surface water rescue are equipped with floats. Litters used in mountain rescue usually are equipped with a cover or other material to protect the person from falling rocks. Litters used in search and rescue often can be disassembled for easier carrying. Some litters can be mounted on a wheel.
Stokes basket.
A Stokes basket, also called a Stokes stretcher or Stokes litter, is a metal wire or plastic litter widely used in search and rescue.
Originally designed by Charles F. Stokes, these baskets have been notorious for spinning under the downdraft from the rotating helicopter blades. Design improvements have included using multiple attachment points, separate hold-down cables, and powered extension hoists to help save more lives. Recently the U.S. Navy has used the Stokes basket to transport patients through narrow corridors and doorways.
History.
During the United States Civil War, horse-mounted litters were used to transport wounded soldiers from battlefields. Rear Admiral Charles Francis Stokes, retired Surgeon General of the Navy from 1910 to 1924, devised the Stokes stretcher.

</doc>
<doc id="6979989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979989" title="World Design Organization">
World Design Organization

The World Design Organization (WDO) was founded in 1957 from a group of international organizations focused on industrial design. Formerly known as the International Council of Societies of Industrial Design, the WDO is a worldwide society that promotes better design around the world. Today, the WDO includes over 170 member organizations in more than 40 nations, representing an estimated 150,000 designers.
The primary aim of the association is to advance the discipline of industrial design at an international level. To do this, WDO undertakes a number of initiatives of global appeal to support the effectiveness of industrial design in an attempt to address the needs and aspirations of people around the world, to improve the quality of life, as well as help to improve the economy of nations throughout the world. 
History.
 first presented the idea to form a society to represent the industrial designers internationally at the Institut d’Esthetique Industrielle's international congress in 1953. The International Council of Societies of Industrial Designers was formally founded at a meeting in London on June 29, 1957. The name of Icsid demonstrates the spirit which is to protect the interests of practicing designers and to ensure global standards of design. The individuals first elected officials to the Executive Board therefore did not act upon personal conviction, but represented the voice of society members and the international design community.
The organization then officially registered in Paris and set up their headquarters there. Icsid's early goals were to help public awareness of industrial designers, to raise the standard of design by setting standards for training and education, and to encourage cooperation between industrial designers worldwide. To do this, in 1959 Icsid held the first Congress and General Assembly in Stockholm, Sweden. At this first Congress the Icsid Constitution was officially adopted, along with the first definition of industrial design which may be found on their website (please see external references). During this Congress, Icsid's official name was changed from the "International Council of Societies of Industrial Designers" to the "International Council of Societies of Industrial Design" to reflect that the organization would involve itself beyond matters of professional practice.
Throughout Icsid had continued to grow and now has members from all over the world in both capitalist and non-capitalist countries. Icsid has now hosted the Congress in places such as Venice, Paris, Vienna, Montreal, Slovenia, Glasgow, Taipei, Toronto, Sydney, Kyoto and London.
In 1963, Icsid was granted special status with UNESCO, with whom Icsid continues to work on many projects, using design for the betterment of the human condition. As their humanitarian interests grew, Icsid decided to create a new type of conference that would join industrial designers in a host country to study a problem of both regional and international significance. This new conference held in Minsk in 1971, became the first Icsid Interdesign seminar. These seminars provided opportunities for professional development of mid-career practicing designers, and to allow them to focus their abilities on resolving issues of international significance. This first Interdesign conference and the ones that followed, consolidated Icsid's position as a driving force of international collaboration.
In 1974, the Icsid Secretariat moved from Paris, France, to Brussels, Belgium, moving onto Helsinki, Finland, and in 2005, it settled to Montreal, Quebec, Canada, where it currently resides.
In the 1980s, collaboration became even more important so a joint Icsid/Icograda/IFI Congress was held in Helsinki. The impetus for this joint conference was a direct recommendation made by Icsid members to explore closer ties with other world design organizations. At their General Assemblies, all participants unanimously approved a directive to investigate options for a closer working relationship in the future. These organizations then joined with UNESCO to bring together doctors, industrial and graphic designers, and assistants to develop basic furniture for rural health centers, packaging, transport, refrigeration, and injection of vaccines and the design of data collecting devices for field use.
In 2003, Icsid and Icograda ratified an agreement between both organizations during their respective General Assemblies to form the "International Design Alliance", a multidisciplinary partnership that supports design. In 2008, the IDA partners welcomed a third member, IFI (International Federation of Interior Architects/Designers). Together in 2011, all three partners held a historical joint Congress in Taipei, Taiwan called the IDA Congress. The alliance was terminated in November 2013.
In 2017, in January the Icsid officially became the World Design Organization (WDO).

</doc>
<doc id="6979991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979991" title="When I Get Old">
When I Get Old

"When I Get Old" is a song by the American punk rock band the Descendents, released as the second single from their 1996 album "Everything Sucks". The single also includes "Sick-O-Me" from the album and "Gotta", a B-side written by and featuring the band's original bassist Tony Lombardo.
The music video for "When I Get Old" was directed by Dave Robinson. It depicts the band performing the song in a house full of fans, interspersed with footage of the band members riding bicycles and flip book animations of the band's Milo caricature acting out themes from the song's lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="6979995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979995" title="GU013">
GU013



</doc>
<doc id="6979998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6979998" title="Fereydoon Batamanghelidj">
Fereydoon Batamanghelidj



</doc>
<doc id="6980002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980002" title="Soccer Fever">
Soccer Fever

Soccer Fever (サッカーフィーバー) is a 1994 sports anime produced by Tokyo Movie Shinsha and RAI. It was broadcast by NHK and Rai Uno.
This anime is part of "Eisei Anime Gekijō" (衛星アニメ劇場). "Eisei Anime Gekijo" is an anthology program which broadcasts both new ongoing and older completed programs. It was started in 1990 and is broadcast by NHK-BS2.
Plot.
"Soccer Fever" revolves around a theatrical reiteration of all the stories that happened in the previous FIFA World Cups. It covers all the world cups from the 1930 edition which was held in Uruguay till the then most recent one in 1994 which was held in United States. It follows the stories revolving around the former world cup winners and the circumstances leading to their wins.
The main protagonist of the story is an ex-reporter by the name of Brian Thompson. He leads the audience into the great matches played by the various former world cup winners. In the middle we are also shown glimpses from Brian's youth. The show covers all the great players who lead their respective countries to world Cup glory.We also see the game brilliantly reborn through spectacular players like Franz Beckenbauer, Müller Gard, Eusebio and the greatest of them all, Diego Armando Maradona.

</doc>
<doc id="6980003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980003" title="Don and Juan">
Don and Juan

Don and Juan were an American R&amp;B vocal duo from Long Beach, New York, United States, consisting of Roland "Don" Trone (July 2, 1936 – May 1982) and Claude "Juan" (aka "Sonny") Johnson (November 24, 1934 – October 31, 2002). Johnson had previously sung with a doo-wop group called the Genies, who reached No. 71 on the "Billboard" pop chart in 1959, with "Who's That Knocking" on the Shad record label. Johnson had also co-written "Who's That Knocking".
Don and Juan's sole top 40 hit was "What's Your Name" on Big Top Records 45-3079, released in late 1961 which reached No. 7 on the "Billboard" pop chart in 1962. Later they had a less successful follow-up record with "Magic Wand", Big Top 45-3121.
After the death of Roland Trone in May 1982 at age 45, Claude Johnson continued performing with different partners, including Alexander "Buddy" Faison of the Genies, up to the early 1990s.
Claude Johnson died on October 31, 2002, at age 67.
In 1981 the NYC based Afro-Cuban rumba vocal/percussion group, Totico y Sus Rumberos, recorded a rumba/guaguanco version of the song that was released on the Montuno Records label that became a cult classic in the city's Latino community.
"What's Your Name", was featured on the soundtrack of "It Came from Hollywood" in 1982. This song was nominated to the Doo-Wop Hall of Fame. "What's Your Name" was also mentioned in the film, "Flipped", by fictional characters portraying "Don and Juan". In the 1998 film, "Slam", there is a brief scene where two police officers are driving while arguing over the lyrics to "What's Your Name".

</doc>
<doc id="6980012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980012" title="Bríd Rodgers">
Bríd Rodgers

Bríd Rodgers (; born 20 February 1935) is an Irish nationalist former politician. She was born and raised in Gweedore in the west of County Donegal, Ireland.
Although born and brought up in a "Gaeltacht" area within the Republic of Ireland, she was politically active in Northern Ireland, where she was Deputy-Leader of the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) from 2001 to 2004, and a Member of the Legislative Assembly for Upper Bann from 1998 until 2003.
Political career.
Rodgers was educated in Monaghan and University College Dublin (UCD), and has lived in Northern Ireland since 1960. She was involved in the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association (NICRA) from 1965. She was a founder member of the SDLP, becoming Chairman in 1978 and General Secretary in 1981. In 1983, she was nominated to Seanad Éireann by Taoiseach Garret FitzGerald, and served until 1987.
Rodgers was the leader of the SDLP team in the talks that led to the Good Friday Agreement. She was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly for the constituency of Upper Bann in June 1998. She was appointed to the first Northern Ireland Executive in November 1999 as Minister for Agriculture and Rural Development, the first woman ever appointed as a full-ranking Agriculture Minister anywhere in Ireland; she remained in that position until the suspension of the Executive in October 2002. She became deputy leader of the SDLP in November 2001. She stood down as MLA at the Assembly elections of November 2003, and as deputy leader in February 2004, when she was replaced by Alasdair McDonnell.
Personal life.
Rodgers was married to Antoin Rodgers until his death in 2021. They had six children. She is a distant relative of Irish American mobster Vincent Coll. She is a native Irish-language speaker and also speaks French and Italian.

</doc>
<doc id="6980015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980015" title="GU014">
GU014



</doc>
<doc id="6980019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980019" title="155th Street (IND Concourse Line station)">
155th Street (IND Concourse Line station)



</doc>
<doc id="6980031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980031" title="Occidental Life Insurance">
Occidental Life Insurance



</doc>
<doc id="6980040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980040" title="Diocese of Chatham">
Diocese of Chatham



</doc>
<doc id="6980058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980058" title="An-32">
An-32



</doc>
<doc id="6980063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980063" title="Enteritis regionalis">
Enteritis regionalis



</doc>
<doc id="6980077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980077" title="GU015">
GU015



</doc>
<doc id="6980082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980082" title="Hogue Creek">
Hogue Creek

Hogue Creek is a tributary stream of Back Creek in Frederick County, Virginia. Hogue Creek rises on Great North Mountain and flows into Back Creek at Graves Hill.
Tributaries.
Tributary streams are listed from headwaters to mouth.

</doc>
<doc id="6980098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980098" title="FS Surcouf (F711)">
FS Surcouf (F711)



</doc>
<doc id="6980100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980100" title="Dr. John Quincy Howe House">
Dr. John Quincy Howe House

The Dr. John Quincy Howe House is a notable house located in Phelps, New York. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the house is thought to be the only house in the state of New York with a two-story privy and the only house in the United States with a two-story brick privy.
The house is owned by the Phelps Community Historical Society and is operated as a museum.
History.
It was built in 1869 by Moses Barlow on the site of a former tavern, and is a -story, Second Empire style brick dwelling with a slate mansard roof. The house has several asymmetrically placed side and rear wings. It features a two-story six-hole (three up, three down) privy thought to be the only house with such a structure. Access to the unique feature can be obtained from both levels of the house.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
The house was purchased by an anonymous donor in 1999 and presented as a gift to the Phelps Community Historical Society. The house has been renovated and is now open to the public for tours.

</doc>
<doc id="6980104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980104" title="18th Street (IRT Broadway-Seventh Avenue Line station)">
18th Street (IRT Broadway-Seventh Avenue Line station)



</doc>
<doc id="6980112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980112" title="New York Life Champions">
New York Life Champions



</doc>
<doc id="6980120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980120" title="John Doyle (Irish musician)">
John Doyle (Irish musician)



</doc>
<doc id="6980123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980123" title="GU016">
GU016



</doc>
<doc id="6980130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980130" title="Miss Sport">
Miss Sport



</doc>
<doc id="6980135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980135" title="Miss World Sport">
Miss World Sport



</doc>
<doc id="6980137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980137" title="GU017">
GU017



</doc>
<doc id="6980144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980144" title="Ka-26">
Ka-26



</doc>
<doc id="6980146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980146" title="Hyatt Senior Tour Championship">
Hyatt Senior Tour Championship



</doc>
<doc id="6980149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980149" title="28th Street (IRT Broadway-Seventh Avenue Line station)">
28th Street (IRT Broadway-Seventh Avenue Line station)



</doc>
<doc id="6980152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980152" title="Geography of the maldives">
Geography of the maldives



</doc>
<doc id="6980153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980153" title="Warren Street Bypass">
Warren Street Bypass

The Warren Street Bypass is a limited-access bypass in the Reading area in Berks County, in the eastern part of the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It consists of segments of:

</doc>
<doc id="6980156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980156" title="WGL Holdings">
WGL Holdings

WGL Holdings, Inc., is a public utility holding company that serves more than 1 million customers in the District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia. A subsidiary of AltaGas, it provides natural gas, electricity, sustainable energy, carbon neutrality and energy services, and also is engaged in natural gas exploration, production, and storage. The company operates four divisions: Washington Gas, WGL Energy, WGL Midstream, and Hampshire Gas.
The company dates to 1848. Today, 19th-century traces of the company include the Civil War-era aqueduct across Rock Creek Park between Georgetown and Foggy Bottom and the gas and electric street lamps installed nearby.
History.
Company formation.
Two petitions were sent to Congress in April 1848, and on July 8 of that year, lawmakers issued the first Congressional charter for a company that would extract gas from coal. The nation's capital had its first gas company, the Washington Gas Light Company. The company was established on the tenth street of the Foggy Bottom neighborhood, and eventually led to the area's urbanization.
1850-1900.
George Washington Riggs became the president of the company in 1856. Two years later, the company began to build a new, more efficient factory, the West Station Works, between 26th and G Streets NW.
Meanwhile, a new plant was constructed in Foggy Bottom in 1858 at the intersection of New Hampshire and Virginia avenues NW. This location, at the head of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal, gave it access to barges carrying coal from West Virginia and Pennsylvania.
During the American Civil War, coal and transportation grew scarce. "The cost of making gas increased one hundred and twenty-five percent, and another problem appeared when Congress reduced the gas rate seventeen percent." The company sought help from the Secretary of War and from President Abraham Lincoln, who he wrote to John W. Garrett, president of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, asking him to "bring coal to the city and afford the continuation of the necessary gas lighting." Production levels for gas went down during the Civil War, they soon returned to normal.
In the 1870s, several large holding tanks (gasometers) were erected at the Foggy Bottom site.
In 1891, one of the gasometers exploded; the cause was attributed to a large storm.
20th century.
The Foggy Bottom plant operated until the 1950s. In 1964, the Washington Gas Light Company sold development rights for the location in a deal that stipulated that the new structure would be supplied exclusively by the company. The site became home to the Watergate Complex, and the last building on the site was completed in 1971.
In 1997, in response to newly deregulated gas and energy markets, Washington Gas formed "Washington Gas Resources Corp" to serve as a holding company for non-utility subsidiaries. Also in 1997, the company created an unregulated energy company, Washington Gas Energy Services, as a subsidiary of that holding company.
2000s.
In 2014, the company rebranded itself as WGL, aiming to project the image of "a new kind of energy company: answer-oriented, technology and data driven, responsive and built for the complex energy markets of today and tomorrow". Around the same time, the company launched ProjectPIPES, which aimed to replace "all the aging, leak-prone pipeline structures with the highest risks and leak rates” that the company had installed.
On July 6, 2018, the company was acquired by AltaGas. After the deal was closed, CEO and Chairman Terry McCallister retired from WGL and COO Adrian Chapman took the position. The AltaGas/Washington Gas merger agreement approved by the DC Public Service Commission required the company to develop a plan to comply with DC's commitment of carbon neutrality. On March 16, 2020, Washington Gas released its "Climate Business Plan," which called for the continued combustion of fossil fuels while adding limited non-fossil fuel gases that also pollute the climate. In filings before the DC Public Service Commission, the DC Department of Energy and Environment and the DC Office of Attorney General said the plan is "incompatible with the District's climate policy."
In 2022, Washington Gas lobbied the DC Council to significantly weaken legislation to transition DC buildings from gas to clean energy, but the utility's effort was not successful. The Washington City paper reported that in 2024, Washington Gas hired multiple lobbyists who used deceptive tactics to seek to kill the Healthy Homes Act, legislation that would help low-income residents switch from carcinogen-leaking fossil fuel appliances to cleaner electric alternatives. Despite the gas utility's effort, the Healthy Homes Act passed the DC Council unanimously.
Company performance.
On January 18, 2024 a building on Marion Barry Avenue SE exploded due to a leak on a Washington Gas line. A disaster was narrowly averted as a daycare was evacuated minutes before its building was leveled. One person suffered non-fatal injuries from the flying debris. The cause of the leak was unknown but may have been caused by a car hitting a gas line.
A 2021 study by the DC Department of Energy and Environment and 2022 research by the Beyond Gas DC coalition found many of Washington Gas’s pipelines are leaking, some at potentially explosive levels. In 2024, another study found 77% of homes with gas stoves in DC had dangerous levels of nitrogen dioxide, a chemical compound linked to respiratory issues and cardiovascular diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="6980158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980158" title="Highland Junior High School">
Highland Junior High School

Highland Junior High School, Highlands Junior High School or Highlands Junior School may refer to:
In Canada:
In the United States:
In the UK:

</doc>
<doc id="6980161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980161" title="GU018">
GU018



</doc>
<doc id="6980167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980167" title="Hatukay">
Hatukay



</doc>
<doc id="6980169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980169" title="Hetuqwai">
Hetuqwai



</doc>
<doc id="6980172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980172" title="Hatukaj">
Hatukaj



</doc>
<doc id="6980179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980179" title="Transport truck">
Transport truck



</doc>
<doc id="6980181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980181" title="Hatquai">
Hatquai



</doc>
<doc id="6980182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980182" title="Tatukai">
Tatukai



</doc>
<doc id="6980183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980183" title="Exosolar planets">
Exosolar planets



</doc>
<doc id="6980184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980184" title="Gatukai">
Gatukai



</doc>
<doc id="6980185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980185" title="Jody Richards">
Jody Richards

Walter Demaree "Jody" Richards Jr. (born February 20, 1938) is an American politician who served as a Democratic member of the Kentucky House of Representatives from 1976 until 2019. He is the longest serving Speaker of the House in the history of the Kentucky legislature, having served from 1994 to 2008, a total of 14 years. Richards represented Kentucky's 20th District.
Biography.
Richards graduated from Adair County High School, Kentucky Wesleyan College with an AB in 1960, and a masters in journalism from the Missouri School of Journalism in 1962. He served with the United States Army Reserve and the Kentucky National Guard from 1962 to 1968.
Richards, who began his career as a teacher at Western Kentucky University, first ran for office in 1975, when he won the 20th District seat in the Kentucky House of Representatives. While still in his first term, Speaker Richards was called upon to chair the House's Education Committee. He later played an instrumental part in engineering Kentucky's sweeping education reforms by chairing one of the committees that helped draft the Kentucky Education Reform Act, and he has shown the same commitment in leadership roles in the Southern Legislative Conference's Education Committee and the Legislative Advisory Council of the Southern Regional Education Board.
In 1987, Richards was chosen by his Democratic colleagues in the House to serve as their Majority Caucus Chairman, one of the body's five leadership positions. In 1995, Richards was elected the Speaker of the Kentucky House. On January 6, 2009, Richards, was defeated by Greg Stumbo in the internal election for the position of Speaker of the House.
In 2003 Richards ran for Governor of Kentucky on a slate with Tony Miller (Kentucky), losing in the Democratic primary to Ben Chandler and Charlie Owen.
Richards again sought the Democratic nomination for Governor of Kentucky in the 2007 election, with John Y. Brown III, former Kentucky Secretary of State and son of former governor and KFC magnate John Y. Brown Jr., as his running mate. Richards finished a distant fourth in the primary with just over 45,000 votes (13%), far behind the 142,000 votes (41%) garnered by nominee Steve Beshear.
Personal life.
Richards is the owner of Superior Books, Inc., a wholesale book sales and distribution company in Bowling Green, and is a long-time member of Greenwood Park Church of Christ. He has a son, Roger, a daughter-in-law, Ellen, and a granddaughter, Holly Beth. Richards and his wife, Neva, live in Bowling Green.

</doc>
<doc id="6980186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980186" title="Gatiukai">
Gatiukai



</doc>
<doc id="6980187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980187" title="Khatoukhay">
Khatoukhay



</doc>
<doc id="6980188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980188" title="GU019">
GU019



</doc>
<doc id="6980191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980191" title="XJS">
XJS



</doc>
<doc id="6980193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980193" title="Hatõkuay">
Hatõkuay



</doc>
<doc id="6980198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980198" title="Hatuhuay">
Hatuhuay



</doc>
<doc id="6980203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980203" title="Hatiiq°aj">
Hatiiq°aj



</doc>
<doc id="6980213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980213" title="Hatiiqaj">
Hatiiqaj



</doc>
<doc id="6980216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980216" title="GU020">
GU020



</doc>
<doc id="6980219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980219" title="Jagdish Khattar">
Jagdish Khattar

Jagdish Khattar (18 December 194226 April 2021) was an Indian businessman and civil servant. He was the managing director of Maruti Udyog Limited from 1999 to 2007. He first joined Maruti in July 1993 as a director (marketing). He was appointed managing director in 1999 as the government nominee, and reappointed in May 2002 as the Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC) nominee. During his tenure, he oversaw a restructuring of the company in the face of foreign competitors entering the Indian market.
Prior to joining Maruti, Khattar was an officer of the Indian Administrative Service for more than 27 years. In 2008, he decided to set up an independent national sales and service network in the automobile sector, which became Carnation Auto.
Early life.
Khattar was born on 18 December 1942 into a family of entrepreneurs who had set up an electricity generation and supply company in Dera Ismail Khan (now in Pakistan) before Partition. He completed his Bachelor of Arts (Honours) degree from St. Stephen's College, Delhi and his LLB from Delhi University.
Career.
Khattar was an Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officer of the Uttar Pradesh cadre. As a bureaucrat he served as the officer of the Uttar Pradesh state government between 1965 and 1979, during which he served as the district magistrate of Chamoli between 1969 and 1972, and the managing director of the Uttar Pradesh State Industrial Development Corporation between 1975 and 1978. He was the director of the Tea Board of India in London between 1979 and 1983. He was with the Ministry of Commerce as the chairman of the Tea Board between 1983 and 1984 and served as the chairman and managing director of the Uttar Pradesh State Cement Corporation between 1984 and 1986, and as the secretary and chairman of the Uttar Pradesh Road Transport Corporation between 1986 and 1988. He went on to be the joint secretary at the Ministry of Steel with the Government of India between 1988 and 1992.
He was brought in as an Officer on Special Duty to Maruti Udyog in 1992 by the then managing director R. C. Bhargava. He joined the company in 1993 as a director of marketing and went on to become its executive director before being promoted to being its joint managing director in 1999. This was the time of differences between Suzuki Motor Corporation and the Government of India which were joint venture partners in the company. He was noted to have laid the foundation of the company's growth after the Indian government began its disinvestment from the joint venture in 2002. During this period of disagreement between the venture partners, Khattar dealt with issues on ownership, technology transfer, as well as industrial relations including a workers strike in the Gurgaon plant of the company in 2000. In 2002, he was re-nominated as the managing director by Suzuki Motor Corporation and served as the managing director until his retirement in 2007. At the time of his retirement, the company had more than fifty percent of the market share of the Indian passenger vehicles market. He was also noted for his representations of the Indian auto industry for changes in taxation structure and regulations with the government, working with the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM).
His last day in office at Maruti as MD, at age 65, was on 18 December 2007. After his retirement from Maruti Udyog in 2007, he founded Carnation Auto, a multi-brand car service chain with investments from Premji Invest and Gaja Capital. He was charged by the CBI and Carnation Auto in 2019 of causing losses of INR 110 crores to the Indian public sector bank, Punjab National Bank. However, an independent forensic audit found no evidence of wrongdoings.
Death.
Khattar died on 26 April 2021 from a cardiac arrest. He was aged 78.
Recognition and awards.
Khattar had an honorary Doctor of Business Administration award from the London Metropolitan University for his services to the automobile industry. In addition, some of his managerial awards included:

</doc>
<doc id="6980220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980220" title="Hatokuay">
Hatokuay



</doc>
<doc id="6980221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980221" title="S. Wallace Dempsey">
S. Wallace Dempsey

Stephen Wallace Dempsey (May 8, 1862 – March 1, 1949) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from New York.
Born in Hartland, New York, Dempsey was an assistant United States Attorney from 1899 to 1907. He was a special assistant to the Attorney General from 1907 to 1912 and was in charge of the prosecutions of Standard Oil and certain railroad companies.
In 1914, Dempsey was elected to Congress and served from March 4, 1915, to March 3, 1931.
S. Wallace Dempsey died at age 86 in Washington, D.C. He is interred in Rock Creek Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="6980224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980224" title="Angela Forrest">
Angela Forrest



</doc>
<doc id="6980230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980230" title="Scottish Crofters Union">
Scottish Crofters Union



</doc>
<doc id="6980232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980232" title="Stephen Wallace Dempsey">
Stephen Wallace Dempsey



</doc>
<doc id="6980235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980235" title="Stephen Dempsey">
Stephen Dempsey



</doc>
<doc id="6980236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980236" title="Times Two">
Times Two

Times Two was an American male musical duo composed of vocalists and keyboardists Shanti Jones and Johnny Dollar, both from Point Reyes, California. They wrote most of their own material and either produced or co-produced it as well.
History.
They debuted in 1988 with their Warner Bros./Reprise album "X2", which reached No. 137 on the Billboard 200. In the U.S., their biggest hit was "Strange But True," which peaked at No. 21 on the Billboard Hot 100.
That year, Debbie Gibson's manager, Douglas Breitbart, signed Times Two as the opening act for her Out of the Blue Tour.
Their second U.S. single, "Cecilia" (a cover of Simon &amp; Garfunkel's hit, featuring contributions from Paul Simon himself and produced by Club Nouveau's Jay King), was far less successful, reaching only No. 79 on the Billboard Hot 100. However, the song topped the charts in New Zealand for three weeks in 1988 and spent a total of 14 weeks on the chart. The album "X2" reached No. 13 in New Zealand, buoyed by the success of the single, and spent 11 weeks on the chart.
Poor sales figures eventually led to the duo being dropped by Warner/Reprise. However, they resurfaced in 1990 on EMI Records with the EP "Danger Is My Business". The track "Jack the Jill" prominently featured samples from Blue Swede's 1974 cover of B. J. Thomas's 1969 hit song "Hooked on a Feeling."
The EP was initially intended to serve as a teaser for their next full-length album, "Hi-Fi &amp; Mighty". A limited number of promotional copies of the album were distributed, which included the tracks from the previous EP, some new songs, and a few remixes. However, problems with management led to the cancellation of its commercial release, and the album was shelved. Soon afterward, Times Two disbanded.
Post-breakup.
Shanti Jones fronted a band called Sex &amp; Reverb, which has produced several CDs.
Johnny Dollar subsequently performed under the name Giovanni Di Morente and played with El Radio Fantastique in the San Francisco Bay Area.
In 2021, a user named Carl92 posted a 17-second song snippet to WatZatSong. Since its posting, the snippet has acquired the unofficial name "Everyone Knows That (Ulterior Motives)" and has sparked a Reddit community dedicated to finding the full song. Various musicians, bands, and DJs have been contacted, including members of Times Two. People have noted similarities between the snippet's vocalist and Johnny Dollar, who was known for trading vocals with primary vocalist Shanti Jones.
Although initially uninterested in the search, Johnny Dollar's curiosity was piqued by the public's interest. He responded to Reddit user Chancellor, explaining that the snippet sounded like him trying to blend with or intimidate Shanti Jones. Dollar noted that he played the snippet for his current bandmates and his ex-wife, all of whom thought it was him. He mentioned that, although his memory is fuzzy, he believes the record label was pushing the band to record a song called "Ulterior Motives." Dollar expressed a desire to know who sang the demo of the song "3 into 2" before it was recorded by the band, considering it a potential clue. 
However, on Sunday, April 28th, it was discovered that the song was recorded by Christopher Saint Booth and Philip Adrian Booth and featured in the pornographic film "Angels of Passion". This discovery ruled out Times Two as the artist behind the song.

</doc>
<doc id="6980239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980239" title="Stephen W. Dempsey">
Stephen W. Dempsey



</doc>
<doc id="6980240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980240" title="Pennsylvania Route 662">
Pennsylvania Route 662

Pennsylvania Route 662 (PA 662) is a state highway located in Berks County in eastern Pennsylvania. Its southern terminus is at U.S. Route 422 (US 422) in Douglassville and its northern terminus is at PA 61 in Shoemakersville. The route is a two-lane undivided road its entire length and passes through rural areas. PA 662 heads north from Douglassville, intersecting PA 562 in Yellow House before becoming concurrent with PA 73 northwest through Oley. From here, PA 662 continues north and meets PA 12 in Pricetown before passing through the borough of Fleetwood and coming to a junction with US 222 in Moselem Springs. After this, the route continues west and intersects PA 143 before reaching its terminus at PA 61.
Between 1859 and 1897, the portion of road between Douglassville and Yellow House was a turnpike known as the Douglassville and Yellow House Turnpike. PA 662 was first designated by 1930 between US 422 in Douglassville and PA 562 in Amityville. In the 1930s, the route was extended north to US 122 (now PA 61) in Shoemakersville, replacing a part of PA 562 between Amityville and Yellow House. By 1966, PA 662 was realigned to its current alignment concurrent with PA 73 through Oley.
Route description.
PA 662 begins at an intersection with US 422 in the community of Douglassville in Amity Township, Berks County. The road heads to the north on two-lane undivided Old Swede Road, passing residential neighborhoods in the community of Amity Gardens to the west and industrial development to the east. The route passes more homes as it turns northwest and passes through the community of Amityville. Past Amityville, PA 662 enters more agricultural surroundings with a few residences. In Yellow House, the road crosses PA 562 and enters Oley Township, where the name of the road becomes Memorial Highway. The route heads north-northwest through farmland in the Oley Valley region before reaching a roundabout with PA 73 in the community of Oley. At this point, PA 662 forms a concurrency with PA 73 by turning northwest onto that road, with the name remaining Memorial Highway. The two routes pass a few businesses in Oley, bypassing the residential center of the community to the southwest, before heading into areas of farms and woods.
The road crosses into Ruscombmanor Township before PA 662 splits from PA 73 at a roundabout by making a turn to the northeast to remain along Memorial Highway. A short distance later, the route makes a northwest turn. The road leaves the Oley Valley and heads northwest and then north over a wooded mountain prior to coming to the community of Pricetown. In this area, the road passes a few homes and businesses at the intersection with the eastern terminus of PA 12.
Past this area, PA 662 crosses over wooded South Mountain, where there are several homes. After crossing the mountain, the route heads north into the borough of Fleetwood, where it becomes South Richmond Street and passes through residential areas. After crossing Norfolk Southern's Reading Line at-grade, the route turns east onto West Main Street and enters the commercial downtown of Fleetwood. A short distance later, PA 662 turns north onto North Franklin Street, passing more homes. The road leaves Fleetwood for Richmond Township, at which point the name becomes Moselem Springs Road. PA 662 heads northwest through agricultural areas prior to reaching a roundabout with US 222 near businesses in the community of Moselem Springs.
Following the roundabout at US 222, the route heads through more farmland prior to passing a golf course and reaching an intersection with the southern terminus of PA 143. At this point, PA 662 turns west into woodland, crossing the Maiden Creek into Perry Township. Upon entering Perry Township, the road heads into farmland, passing through a sharp S-curve to the north and west. After this, the route makes another sharp turn to the north before a sharp turn to the west. PA 662 passes through agricultural areas with some homes before coming to its northern terminus at PA 61 on the eastern border of the borough of Shoemakersville. Past this intersection, the road continues west into Shoemakersville as East Noble Avenue, which is designated as a quadrant route numbered State Route 4025.
History.
The section of PA 662 between Douglassville and Yellow House was originally known as the King's Highway. In 1859, this road became a turnpike known as the Douglassville and Yellow House Turnpike, which existed until 1897. When routes were legislated in Pennsylvania in 1911, present-day PA 662 was not legislated as part of a route. By 1928, what would become PA 662 was paved between Douglassville and Yellow House, in the Oley area, and between Pricetown and Moselem Springs. PA 662 was first designated by 1930 to run from US 422 in Douglassville north to PA 562 in Amityville, while PA 562 was designated along the portion of road between Amityville and Yellow House. In the 1930s, PA 662 was extended north from Amityville to US 122 (now PA 61) in Shoemakersville. The route replaced the PA 562 designation between Amityville and Yellow House. At this time, the entire length of PA 662 was paved. By 1966, PA 662 was rerouted to its current alignment through Oley along with PA 73, having previously passed through the community along Deturk Road, Friedensburg Road, and Main Street.
A roundabout was constructed at the intersection with US 222 in Richmond Township in order to reduce traffic congestion. The project, which cost $6.6 million, replaced the signalized intersection between the two routes with a roundabout, with US 222 widened to four lanes at the roundabout. Construction of the roundabout began on September 6, 2016. The roundabout opened to traffic on May 22, 2018, with all lanes at the roundabout opened on July 20, 2018. On March 29, 2019, the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation announced plans to construct roundabouts at both intersections between PA 73 and PA 662 in Oley Township. Construction of the roundabouts, which cost $5.7 million, began in April 2019. The roundabout at PA 73 and PA 662 on the eastern end of Oley opened on August 19, 2019 while the roundabout at PA 73 and PA 662 on the western end of Oley opened in November 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="6980243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980243" title="Ivano Balić">
Ivano Balić

Ivano Balić (; born 1 April 1979) is a Croatian former professional handballer who is currently part of the coaching staff at RK Split. Renowned for his speed, creativity, movement and charisma as a player, Balić won the 2003 World Championship and the Olympic gold medal in 2004 with the Croatian national team, and thirteen titles playing for clubs in Croatia, Spain and Germany. He also earned two World Championship silver medals (2005, 2009), two European Championship silver medals and one bronze medal (2008, 2010, 2012), and one Olympic bronze medal (2012) with the national team.
Regarded as one of the greatest players in handball history, Balić was voted the most valuable player in five consecutive major international competitions and is one of only five male handball players to receive the IHF World Player of the Year award on more than one occasion (2003, 2006). In 2010, he was voted the best handball player in history in an online poll organized by the International Handball Federation (IHF). Balić was inducted into the European Handball Hall of Fame in 2023.
Early life.
Born in Split, Ivano was the only child of handball players, mother Stjepanka and father Žarko Balić. After the first three months of his birth, Balić moved with his parents to Italy because of his father's professional career. During his time in Italy, Balić lived in Rovereto and Prato. Aged seven, Balić and his mother returned to Split. When his father came back to play for in the Yugoslav Second League, Balić was always in attendance of the games.
Balić started playing basketball for KK Split due to him being a big fan of the club, which at the time was three time European champion. He played basketball until 1995 when his father's friend and then-coach of RK Split, Mate Bokan, suggested he play handball.
Club career.
Balić began his senior handball career with RK Brodomerkur Split in 1997, which competed in the top-tier Croatian First A League. In his first season with the club, Brodomerkur finished second in the league and got to the semi-finals of the EHF Cup where they lost to THW Kiel, the eventual winners of the cup. He played for Brodomerkur for three more seasons, reaching top positions in the league and the quarter-finals of the EHF Cup.
In 2001, Balić moved to RK Metković Jambo. In his first season with the team, he won the Croatian Cup and league championship. However, their league title was stripped away administratively and given to Badel 1862 Zagreb. This season was also Balić' first season playing the EHF Champions League. Balić spent the next few seasons perfecting his game, which was shown in 2003 when he became the first Croatian handballer to win the IHF World Player of the Year award and was voted Croatian Handballer of the Year in 2004.
Balić moved to Spanish team Portland San Antonio in 2004. He chose San Antonio in order to play with his idol Jackson Richardson. During his first season, he helped the club win the league championship and reached the quarter-final of the Champions League. The next season saw Balić in his first and only Champions League final, where San Antonio lost to a BM Ciudad Real in both final matches (losing 19–25 in the first leg and 28–37 in the second leg). Although he did not win the Champions League, he received his second IHF World Player of the Year award in 2006. In 2007, Balić was voted best Croatian athlete by "Sportske novosti".
Between 2008 and 2012, Balić played for the Croatian team RK CO Zagreb, winning the Croatian Premier League and Croatian Cup four times.
In 2012, Balić returned to Spain to play for Atlético Madrid. He was forced to leave the club after one season as it went through bankruptcy, but won the IHF Super Globe and Copa del Rey with the team, in addition to finishing second in the league championship.
In 2013, Balić signed with German team HSG Wetzlar. Towards the end of the 2014–15 season, Balić announced his retirement from professional handball. On 5 June 2015, Balić played his last professional handball game in a 29–24 win against Göppingen, in which he scored one goal and made five assists.
International career.
In 1998, Balić started playing for Croatia under-20 and under-21 national teams at the same time. The following year, he was called up to play for the senior Croatia men's national team, but was sent home due to pneumonia. In December 2000, Balić was called up to train for the 2001 World Championship. In training, Balić sustained an injury trying to catch a reflected ball which caused Petar Metličić to fall on his foot and rupture his ligaments. The injury forced Balić to miss the World Championship in France.
Balić made his debut for the senior national team at the 2001 Mediterranean Games in Tunisia where Croatia won first place. The following year, Balić played at the 2002 European Championship in Sweden where Croatia finished in last place. Although they finished last in the tournament, they shocked the world a year later at the 2003 World Championship in Portugal where they won first place; after losing their opening match against Argentina (29–30), they beat Saudi Arabia, Russia, France, Hungary, Egypt, Denmark, Spain, and lastly Germany in the final.
In January 2004, Balić was included in Croatia's squad for the 2004 European Championship in Slovenia. The Croatian team had a good start in the group stage beating Spain and Denmark, and conceding a draw against Portugal. The team reached he semi-finals where they lost against hosts Slovenia and finished fourth after losing to Denmark in a third place game. Balić was voted the most valuable player (MVP) of the tournament and included in the all-star team as best play maker. In August of that same year, Balić was selected to play at the 2004 Summer Olympics where the national team won the gold medal. Croatia went through the tournament undefeated and Balić was voted MVP and best play maker at the tournament. For winning the gold medal, all players were awarded the Franjo Bučar State Award for Sport yearly award. Balić won the award with the team, as he also received another yearly award by himself.
At the 2005 World Championship in Tunisia, Croatia came in second place after losing to Spain in the final game. Balić was voted MVP and best play maker of the tournament. At the 2006 European Championship in Switzerland, Croatia placed fourth. Balić was once again voted MVP of the tournament and the best play maker, and was also the fourth-placed top goalscorer with 43 goals and top field goalscorer. The same year, Balić was also part of the team that won the Stratoil World Cup in Sweden and Germany. During this tournament, Balić invented the nickname of the Croatian national team: ().
At the 2007 World Championship in Germany, Croatia came in fifth place, with Balić being voted MVP for a fifth consecutive major international tournament. Balić and the national team placed second at the 2008 European Championship in Norway after losing to Denmark in the final. The silver medal was the first European championship medal Balić had won. Balić was also voted best centre back and was joint top goalscorer alongside Nikola Karabatić and Lars Christiansen with 44 goals. That same year, Balić was selected to be Croatia's flag bearer at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Croatia finished the tournament in fourth place after losing the third place match against Spain.
At the 2009 World Championship in Croatia, Balić and the national team went undefeated through the group and knockout stages, but lost in the final against France where a rivalry between Balić and Nikola Karabatić emerged, named by the media as the "clash of the titans". At the 2010 European Championship in Austria, Croatia won another silver medal after losing to France in the final game.
Following an unsuccessful 2011 World Championship where Croatia came in fifth place, Balić won bronze medals with Croatia in 2012 at the European Championship in Serbia and at the Olympics in London. Prior to the 2013 World Championship in Spain, Balić was dropped from the squad by then-head coach Slavko Goluža and subsequently retired from the national team.
Post-playing career.
Following his retirement from playing professional handball, Balić joined the Croatia men's national handball team coaching staff under newly appointed head coach Željko Babić as the team's coordinator, alongside his old colleagues Petar Metličić as assistant and Valter Matošević as goalkeeper coach. As part of the staff, he won the bronze medal at the 2016 European Championship in Poland with the national the team, and was also part of the fifth-place placement at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
On 8 April 2021, the Croatian Handball Federation appointed Balić as assistant coach to Hrvoje Horvat in the coaching staff of the senior Croatian national handball team. Balić left the national team coaching staff in 2023. On 12 January 2024, Balić joined the coaching staff at RK Split.
Personal life.
From 1999 to 2006, Balić was married to his wife Ivana. They have one son together, Dino, born 2000. In 2014, Balić and his girlfriend Mirela Delić welcomed their first child together, a son named Vigo. In 2016, Balić and Delić became parents to their first daughter, Nola.
One of Balić' favorite sports is basketball.

</doc>
<doc id="6980250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980250" title="Al Unser (baseball)">
Al Unser (baseball)

Albert Bernard Unser (October 12, 1912 – July 7, 1995) was an American Major League Baseball catcher who played for the Detroit Tigers (1942–1944) and Cincinnati Reds (1945). He was a native of Morrisonville, Illinois and the father of MLB center fielder Del Unser.
Biography.
Although Unser's major league career was short, he had a lengthy career in minor league baseball. He began his professional career in , playing for three different minor league teams that season. He was picked up by the St. Louis Cardinals organization in , playing in their farm system until . In , he served as manager of the class-D Gastonia Cardinals of the Tar Heel League, guiding them to the league championship.
In , Unser joined the Tigers' farm system, spending that season with the Beaumont Exporters of the Texas League. He spent most of the season as a player-manager with the Winston-Salem Twins of the Piedmont League, and at the end of the season he joined the major league club. Unser became one of many baseball players who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II, making his major league debut at age 29 on September 14, 1942, in a home game against the Washington Senators at Briggs Stadium.
Over the next two seasons, Unser played sparingly for Detroit, spending part of each season in the minors with the Buffalo Bisons. The following season, he joined the Reds, where he had his best season in . In his only full season in the majors, Unser batted .265 in 67 games with 3 home runs and 21 runs batted in (RBI). His career MLB totals for 120 games include a .251 batting average (85-for-338), 4 home runs, 30 RBI, 41 runs, .322 on-base percentage, and a slugging percentage of .355.
In , Unser returned to the minor leagues with the Hollywood Stars of the Pacific Coast League, spending two seasons with the club. In , he played with the Tulsa Oilers, then returned to the Stars in . In , he played with the minor league Baltimore Orioles, then played for the minor league Milwaukee Brewers the next two seasons. In , he was named the Most Valuable Player of the American Association, batting .293 with 17 home runs. In , Unser returned to managing, serving as player-manager for the Austin Pioneers of the Big State League.
After splitting among three teams, he returned to the Cardinals organization as essentially a full-time manager and occasional player. While managing the Midwest League Decatur Commodores from 1955 to 1957, he appeared in just 11 and 7 games in the first two seasons, and just a single game in 1957. That year, Unser won his second league championship as a manager. In , he managed the Winston-Salem Red Birds, then spent the next two seasons managing the Keokuk Cardinals. He made his last appearance as a player for Keokuk in at age 48. He managed one last season in the Milwaukee Braves farm system in , taking the helm of the Boise Braves. He later served as a scout for the Braves and the Cleveland Indians.
Unser died at the age of 82 in Decatur, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="6980257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980257" title="Witch-hazel cone gall aphid">
Witch-hazel cone gall aphid

The witch-hazel cone gall aphid ("Hormaphis hamamelidis") is a minuscule insect, a member of the aphid superfamily, whose presence on a witch-hazel ("Hamamelis virginiana") plant is easily recognizable by a conical gall structure. The gall is green at first, then turns bright red. This gall, rich in nutrients, provides both food and shelter for the female aphid. 
"H. hamamelidis" have three generations per year, each with a different part in the life cycle. At the start of spring, females or "stem mothers" crawl to witch-hazel leaf buds. As the leaf grows, the aphid injects it with a substance, possibly an enzyme or hormone, that causes that the galls to form around her. Once inside her gall, the stem mother reproduces parthenogenically and fills the gall with 50–70 female offspring. The second generation develops wings and disperses, repeating the process. The third generation includes both males and females. Towards the end of summer, the third generation reproduces sexually and lays eggs on the bark of the witch-hazel. The cycle begins anew in the following spring.
"Hormaphis hamamelidis" is sometimes mistaken with "Hormaphis cornu". The two are closely related, both live in the eastern US, and both form galls on witch-hazel. However, while "H. hamamelidis" is autoecious and has three generations in a year, "H. cornu" lays eggs on both witch-hazel and river birch and has seven generations in year. "H. hamamelidis" is often found at higher elevations, while "H. cornu" is typically observed at lower elevations. The two species readily interbreed, but hybrids are probably inviable.
Like galls formed by other insects, the galls of "H. hamamelidis" may deter herbivory.
Life history.
The first generation of the year is composed entirely of female fundatrices (also called stem mothers), which hatch from winter eggs laid on the bark of witch-hazel. Shortly following bud break, she begins to feed on leaf tissue. She then repeatedly “stings” the abaxial surface of the leaf to induce gall formation. A gall forms around her approximately 7–14 mm tall on the adaxial (upper) side of the leaf. She then reproduces around 45 female offspring through parthenogenesis.
The second generation consists of alate sexuparae, which are winged females. As the second generation matures within the gall, the stem mother and juveniles feed on witch-hazel phloem and push waxy detritus through the gall opening on the leaf's underside. All the offspring from a given gall mature at the same time and become winged migrants. At maturity, the females leave the gall and begin to lay the eggs of the third generation on surrounding leaves, often on the same plant that they emerged from.
The third generation comprises both male and female sexuales. Individuals begin mating after their final molt. Mating may occur on the leaves where the aphids hatched or on the plant's winter buds. There, females deposit between five and ten eggs, which remain throughout the winter.
Gall formation.
The process of “stinging” the leaf to induce gall formation is distinct from normal feeding behavior. While feeding occurs seemingly haphazardly, a stem mother must repeatedly sting a site over some time to induce gall growth. When stinging, the aphid repeatedly inserts her stylets into the leaf over a small circular area. She injects a substance produced in glands near the stylar canal. This substance is distinct from saliva, and the cells of the leaf respond rapidly.
Higher fecundity is linked to larger gall size, as well as increased levels of condensed tannins. Galls also have higher vacuolar invertase activity than surrounding leaf tissue, and greater cell wall invertase activity is positively correlated with fecundity.

</doc>
<doc id="6980264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980264" title="GU022">
GU022



</doc>
<doc id="6980268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980268" title="Samajwadi">
Samajwadi



</doc>
<doc id="6980269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980269" title="Wave-making resistance">
Wave-making resistance

Wave-making resistance or wave resistance is a form of drag that affects any object moving on a surface of a fluid, such as boats and ships moving on the surface of water, and reflects the energy required to push the water out of the way of that body. For example, the hull of a moving watercraft creates waves (a wake) which carry energy away and resist the motion of the watercraft. Wave resistance is only one of the components of the total resistance or drag experienced by a body moving on a surface of a fluid, others being viscous drag and pressure drag.
Physics background.
For small displacement hulls, such as sailboats or rowboats, wave-making resistance is the major source of the marine vessel drag.
A salient property of water waves is dispersiveness; i.e., the greater the wavelength, the faster it moves. Waves generated by a ship are affected by her geometry and speed, and most of the energy given by the ship for making waves is transferred to water through the bow and stern parts. Simply speaking, these two wave systems, i.e., bow and stern waves, interact with each other, and the resulting waves are responsible for the resistance. If the resulting wave is large, it carries much energy away from the ship, delivering it to the shore or wherever else the wave ends up or just dissipating it in the water, and that energy must be supplied by the ship's propulsion (or momentum), so that the ship experiences it as drag. Conversely, if the resulting wave is small, the drag experienced is small.
The amount and direction (additive or subtractive) of the interference depends upon the phase difference between the bow and stern waves (which have the same wavelength and phase speed), and that is a function of the length of the ship at the waterline. For a given ship speed, the phase difference between the bow wave and stern wave is proportional to the length of the ship at the waterline. For example, if the ship takes three seconds to travel its own length, then at some point the ship passes, a stern wave is initiated three seconds after a bow wave, which implies a specific phase difference between those two waves. Thus, the waterline length of the ship directly affects the magnitude of the wave-making resistance.
For a given waterline length, the phase difference depends upon the phase speed and wavelength of the waves, and those depend directly upon the speed of the ship. For a deepwater wave, the phase speed is the same as the propagation speed and is proportional to the square root of the wavelength. That wavelength is dependent upon the speed of the ship.
From kinematics to design implications. Having established that the interference pattern is governed by speed relative to waterline length, we can articulate the corresponding design-oriented statement and how it guides practical reduction of wave-making drag:
Thus, the magnitude of the wave-making resistance is a function of the speed of the ship in relation to its length at the waterline. In the ship wave system, a crest normally happens just after a high pressure point and trough happens just after a low pressure point in order to reduce the wave making resistance, the wave crest needs to be reduced and wave trough needs to be filled, so the general principles for reducing wave resistance involve reducing pressure just ahead of wave crest and increasing pressure just ahead of trough.
Put differently, hull forms and appendages are arranged to manipulate the near-body pressure field so that the bow- and stern-generated waves are encouraged to interfere destructively rather than constructively over the operating range of speeds.
Returning to an intuitive picture, this same dependence can be visualized as follows:
A simple way of considering wave-making resistance is to look at the hull in relation to bow and stern waves. If the length of a ship is half the length of the waves generated, the resulting wave will be very small due to cancellation, and if the length is the same as the wavelength, the wave will be large due to enhancement.
The phase speed formula_1 of waves is given by the following formula:
formula_2
where formula_3 is the length of the wave and formula_4 the gravitational acceleration. Substituting in the appropriate value for formula_4 yields the equation:
formula_6
or, in metric units:
formula_7
These values, 1.34, 2.5 and very easy 6, are often used in the hull speed rule of thumb used to compare potential speeds of displacement hulls, and this relationship is also fundamental to the Froude number, used in the comparison of different scales of watercraft.
When the vessel exceeds a "speed–length ratio" (speed in knots divided by square root of length in feet) of 0.94, it starts to outrun most of its bow wave, the hull actually settles slightly in the water as it is now only supported by two wave peaks. As the vessel exceeds a speed-length ratio of 1.34, the wavelength is now longer than the hull, and the stern is no longer supported by the wake, causing the stern to squat, and the bow to rise. The hull is now starting to climb its own bow wave, and resistance begins to increase at a very high rate. While it is possible to drive a displacement hull faster than a speed-length ratio of 1.34, it is prohibitively expensive to do so. Most large vessels operate at speed-length ratios well below that level, at speed-length ratios of under 1.0.
Ways of reducing wave-making resistance.
Since wave-making resistance is based on the energy required to push the water out of the way of the hull, there are a number of ways that this can be minimized.
Reduced displacement.
Reducing the displacement of the craft, by eliminating excess weight, is the most straightforward way to reduce the wave making drag. Another way is to shape the hull so as to generate lift as it moves through the water. Semi-displacement hulls and planing hulls do this, and they are able to break through the "hull speed" barrier and transition into a realm where drag increases at a much lower rate. The disadvantage of this is that planing is only practical on smaller vessels, with high power-to-weight ratios, such as motorboats. It is not a practical solution for a large vessel such as a supertanker.
Fine entry.
A hull with a blunt bow has to push the water away very quickly to pass through, and this high acceleration requires large amounts of energy. By using a "fine" bow, with a sharper angle that pushes the water out of the way more gradually, the amount of energy required to displace the water will be less. A modern variation is the wave-piercing design. The total amount of water to be displaced by a moving hull, and thus causing wave making drag, is the cross sectional area of the hull times distance the hull travels, and will not remain the same when prismatic coefficient is increased for the same lwl and same displacement and same speed.
Bulbous bow.
A special type of bow, called a "bulbous bow", is often used on large power vessels to reduce wave-making drag. The bulb alters the waves generated by the hull, by changing the pressure distribution ahead of the bow. Because of the nature of its destructive interference with the bow wave, there is a limited range of vessel speeds over which it is effective. A bulbous bow must be properly designed to mitigate the wave-making resistance of a particular hull over a particular range of speeds. A bulb that works for one vessel's hull shape and one range of speeds could be detrimental to a different hull shape or a different speed range. Proper design and knowledge of a ship's intended operating speeds and conditions is therefore necessary when designing a bulbous bow.
Hull form filtering.
If the hull is designed to operate at speeds substantially lower than hull speed then it is possible to refine the hull shape along its length to reduce wave resistance at one speed. This is practical only where the block coefficient of the hull is not a significant issue.
Semi-displacement and planing hulls.
Since semi-displacement and planing hulls generate a significant amount of lift in operation, they are capable of breaking the barrier of the wave propagation speed and operating in realms of much lower drag, but to do this they must be capable of first pushing past that speed, which requires significant power. This stage is called the transition stage and at this stage the rate of wave-making resistance is the highest. Once the hull gets "over the hump" of the bow wave, the rate of increase of the wave drag will start to reduce significantly. The planing hull will rise up clearing its stern off the water and its trim will be high. Underwater part of the planing hull will be small during the planing regime.
A qualitative interpretation of the wave resistance plot is that a displacement hull resonates with a wave that has a crest near its bow and a trough near its stern, because the water is pushed away at the bow and pulled back at the stern. A planing hull simply pushed down on the water under it, so it resonates with a wave that has a trough under it. If it has about twice the length it will therefore have only square root (2) or 1.4 times the speed. In practice most planing hulls usually move much faster than that. At four times hull speed the wavelength is already 16 times longer than the hull.

</doc>
<doc id="6980270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980270" title="IBHOF">
IBHOF



</doc>
<doc id="6980272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980272" title="Numbering machines">
Numbering machines



</doc>
<doc id="6980273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980273" title="GU021">
GU021



</doc>
<doc id="6980284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980284" title="List of art installations by Ilya Kabakov">
List of art installations by Ilya Kabakov

The Ukrainian-American conceptual artist Ilya Kabakov completed 155 installations between 1983 and 2000, which were installed around the world.
Installations.
The series of albums "Ten Characters" (1972–1975) helped formulate much of Kabakov's later work. In the albums he offers the viewer a narrative of a fictional character, which, in 1983, he began to transform into complete immersive experiences.
List.
The Man Who Flew Into Space From His Apartment.
Created in 1984, the viewer enters the installation through a single door and is invited to visit the separate rooms, only one of which cannot be entered and must be viewed through cracks in a door that has been shoddily boarded up. The Man Who Flew into Space from His Apartment tells the story of one of the residents who built a catapult-like contraption to shoot himself through the roof into outer space, where he would travel on powerful streams of energy. A text describes the story as narrated by three of the other residents, one of whom happened to know the cosmonaut better than the others yet admits, “I didn’t know him well.” The room still contains the contraption, a gaping hole in the ceiling, and scientific drawings and diagrams tacked to a wall that is covered with wallpaper composed of old Soviet propaganda posters. A diorama of the town shows the man's expected projectile path into outer space. The text explains that shortly after the man went into orbit authorities arrived and boarded up the room.
The Untalented Artist.
In this room, three large canvases rest on the floor against the walls. Each canvas is divided in half horizontally and depicts various scenes, including a soccer match, a drawing class in an art academy, a group of workers, and three views of the countryside with assorted landmarks or industrial settings. The narrative of The Untalented Artist describes the man as 50 years old (approximately Kabakov's age when he created this work), who took some art classes when he was younger and now works for the state. The paintings resemble the crude works created for propaganda, agitation and advertisements for official events. The narrative suggests the works are “a dreadful mixture of hack-work, simple lack of skill.” 
The Man Who Never Threw Anything Away.
Another character, The Man Who Never Threw Anything Away collects and treasures ordinary and discarded items. The walls are adorned with Three Green Paintings along with another of Kabakov's artworks; also called The Ropes, strings are tied in rows several feet above the floor, from one wall to the other. Countless items hang from the strings and below each item a small piece of paper explains its origin. The character writes about garbage, lamenting that the world that surrounds him is a dump and wondering if every other country is likewise covered with garbage. He points out that the land, owned by no one, has become a dump and looms threateningly beyond the walls, submerging the apartment. 
Red Wagon.
"Red Wagon" was exhibited in 1991 at the Kunsthalle in Düsseldorf, Germany. Compared to other installations, Red Wagon is rather simple. Entering a large gallery with a high ceiling, the viewer finds an unfinished wooden ramp and a series of ladders and platforms. Able to explore the construction, the viewer discovers the final ladder is directed upwards diagonally but does not lead anywhere. Moving past the unpainted wooden construction, the viewer enters what might appear to an American to be a trailer home but which is modeled on a Russian wagon, which at one time could have been used as a railroad car. The exterior is decorated with Socialist Realist paintings. Music emanates from the wagon's darkened interior, and, upon crossing the threshold, the viewer finds a mural depicting an idyllic Soviet city, peaceful, harmonious, and prosperous, with a blue sky filled not with clouds but apparently with an airshow of biplanes, hot-air balloons, and zeppelins. Benches are placed opposite the mural, allowing the viewer to rest and take in the music and imaginary scenery. At the rear of the wagon a final door takes the viewer to a room strewn with piles of garbage, but, unlike most of Kabakov's other installations, a narrative is not offered to clarify the setting.
The Toilet.
"The Toilet" is an installation that was erected in 1992 for Documenta IX in Kassel, Germany. Visitors entered a small building to find a public restroom containing six toilet stalls. The room, however, was filled with furniture and appeared to have been used as a living space with a bed, crib, dresser, nightstand and a table that looks as if it were in the midst of being set for dinner. There was more clutter left about and some of the toilet stalls became storage closets. As in many of Kabakov's installations, the viewer was left with the impression that the inhabitant had just stepped out and might return at any moment. 
The Palace of Projects.
The Palace of Projects is an installation that was originally conceived in 1998 for Roundhouse, an art space in London. Mimicking the building's structure and perfectly placed within a central ring of columns is a smaller enclosure in the shape of a spiral, glowing from within and illuminating the otherwise dim interior of the Roundhouse. Built of wood, steel and fabric, the structure resembles Tatlin’s Monument to the Third International. Kabakov’s building was ironically designed with less ambition than Tatlin’s but is far more functional. 
The text provided states, “the installation displays and examines a seemingly commonly known and even trivial truth: the world consists of a multitude of projects, realized ones, half-realized ones, and ones not realized at all.” Thus, despite the immediate reference to the Soviet Union's utopian project, the viewer is told that this installation refers to the entire world. The text continues and promises the viewer that within the palace are over 60 projects, some complete, many not, but one that, perhaps, is the viewer's own and which will give meaning and significance to his life. The text insists that a life is worth living only if it has a project of some sort. 
Monument to a Lost Glove.
The concept of the monument is a motif used throughout Kabakov's oeuvre. "Monument to a Lost Glove" was a public project created in 1996 for Lyon, France, to coincide with the G7 summit. Later in the year it was placed on the corner of Broadway and 23rd Street in New York. A red plastic woman's glove is attached to the ground and around it is placed a semicircle of nine metal music stands, each engraved with a text from a different imaginary character and written in poetic form. The texts, written in four languages (French, English, German and Russian), are recollections of the woman inspired by the dropped glove. 
In a text separate from, but pertaining to, the public project, Kabakov explains his focus of attention for Monument to a Lost Glove. From the 17th through the 19th centuries, the ability to create a sonnet, eulogy, or epigraph was highly valued. By the end of the “iron twentieth century” the literary tradition had been lost. “To resurrect it is the goal of our project”, the artist declares. Therefore, the glove symbolizes the lost tradition of poetic verse and the ability to “shroud…thoughts in poetic form.” 
Monument to a Lost Civilization.
"Monument to a Lost Civilization" is at once the most comprehensive retrospective to date and Kabakov's grandest statement. Originally exhibited in Palermo, Italy, in 1999, the monument includes 38 installations out of a self-declared oeuvre of 140 artworks. The installations within Monument were chosen because they all reference the Soviet Union, or the lost civilization. The monument serves as a reminder to the Sicilians in Palermo who hope to create a new society. Emilia Kabakov warns, “Don’t repeat our mistakes, look at your dreams clearly, but don’t sacrifice the people in the name of ideology.” 
According to Kabakov's plans, Monument to a Lost Civilization is to exist below ground in a space without any windows, which might allow the viewer to find solace through the sight of the sky. The space was to be designed like a cavernous lair impossible to navigate where visitors will get lost. They will ask directions to the garden and be told they must find the final room, only to discover the door to the garden, which the artist equate with paradise, locked. In part due to the monument's enormous size, viewers would enter and forget where the exit is, but never forget what is outside as they begin to feel an atmosphere resembling the Soviet Union, thus giving “an idea of totalitarianism.” 
Looking Up, Reading the Words.
The concept of the sky as a route to escape is used repeatedly by Kabakov. "Looking Up, Reading the Words" is a public project that was installed in 1997 for the Skulptur.Projekte in Münster, Germany. The sculpture resembles a radio antenna. At the top, aerials protrude horizontally creating an oblong shape. The aerials form lines on notebook paper and there are words made from metal letters sandwiched between, with the sky used as a backdrop. The words, written in German, read:
The text simultaneously directs the viewer's gaze to the sky and obstructs his view. Furthermore, as Iwona Blazwick points out, the transmission from the text crackles with irony: “Why was such an exquisite piece of new technology devoted to something so simple as a handwritten text? We had come here (to the park) to escape but, with his tender irony, Kabakov had reconnected us with the pains and the neglected pleasures of reality.”
The Artist's Despair.
"The Artist’s Despair", or the "Conspiracy of the Untalented" of 1994 tells the story of an exhibition. The text informs the viewer that the three paintings, which are part of the work, are chosen for an exhibition. The night after the opening the artist returns and damages the artworks. An influential art critic then convinces the gallerists to add some props and call it an installation, which they do. Kabakov's text offers the criticism from a fictional artist, who denounces the series of events as a conspiracy. The final imaginary statement is from an art historian who accepts “the naturalness of this process.” The story is meant to be ironic, and maybe even critical, of the way in which the art world can work at times. Through the voice of the art historian everything from the creation to destruction and subsequent rebirth of the artwork is justified. The message is left ambiguous, just as the very title allows the viewer to be the final judge of, and contributor to, the artwork.
Where is Our Place?
Since emigrating to the West, Kabakov's work has slowly and cautiously taken on new meaning. His installation at the 2003 Venice Biennale was an independent exhibition, rather than in the Russian or American pavilions.
Kabakov's "Where is Our Place?" is a literal question posed to viewers. A gallery is decorated with an exhibition of modern art, specifically small black-and-white photographs surrounded by white mats and black frames. Above the modern art hang the bottom portions of oversized, antiquated gold-leaf frames of 19th century paintings. The frames are cut off by the ceiling, as are two pairs of giant legs garbed in 19th century attire, the only visible portions of the oversized exhibition. 
With the works Where is Our Place? and The Artist's Despair, Kabakov has moved from Soviet era conceptualism concerned with readdressing historical narratives to Western postmodernism that deals ironically with art for art's sake. His oeuvre, however, continues to evolve as some of his former motifs are altered to address new issues.
In the Closet.
Kabakov's "In the Closet" of 2000 was another installation shown at the Venice Biennale in the Utopia Station pavilion, a group show without allegiance to any country, composed of a diverse collection of artworks. 
In the Closet resembles a simple wooden armoire crammed with decorations and belongings that suggest it was being used for someone's living space. The closet is dreary and drab, similar to the burrows in the communal apartments Kabakov had previously recreated, but with far fewer imaginative devices; even more notable is that nothing refers to the former Soviet Union, and it is only the knowledge of Kabakov's previous installations that lends itself to comparison. The diminutive installation does not offer text to further explain the closet, but the concept behind the group show, utopia, informs the viewer what is being addressed. In the Closet effectively updates Kabakov's earlier installations of the Soviet era communal living spaces by conflating the idea of privacy with a phrase, ‘in the closet’, that is almost universally defined as a hidden deviance from the norm. Thus, Kabakov finds the idea of utopia, a recurring interest of his, in anything but the average and everyday. More significant, perhaps, is the artist's preference for a private utopia, rather than a colossal public project.
References.
For a details regarding all of Kabakov's installations, please see: 

</doc>
<doc id="6980288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980288" title="Uncle wanja">
Uncle wanja



</doc>
<doc id="6980290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980290" title="Gordon/Evernham Motorsports">
Gordon/Evernham Motorsports



</doc>
<doc id="6980291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980291" title="Rilkean">
Rilkean



</doc>
<doc id="6980294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980294" title="Quelqu'un que j'aime, quelqu'un qui m'aime">
Quelqu'un que j'aime, quelqu'un qui m'aime

"Quelqu'un que j'aime, quelqu'un qui m'aime" (meaning "someone I love, someone who loves me") is a song by Canadian singer Celine Dion from her tenth studio album, "Dion chante Plamondon" (1991). It was written by Luc Plamondon and Erown, and produced by Jannick Top and Serge Perathoner. The song was released as the fourth promotional single in Quebec in August 1992. It topped the airplay chart in Quebec for seven weeks and was nominated for the Félix Award for Most Popular Song of the Year.
Background and release.
"Quelqu'un que j'aime, quelqu'un qui m'aime" was written by French-Canadian lyricist Luc Plamondon and Italian composer Roberto Masala aka Erown, and produced by Jannick Top and Serge Perathoner. It was one of four new songs written for the album "Dion chante Plamondon", which was released in Canada in November 1991. In August 1992, "Quelqu'un que j'aime, quelqu'un qui m'aime" was issued as the fourth promotional single in Quebec, after "Des mots qui sonnent", "L'amour existe encore" and "Je danse dans ma tête".
Accolades.
In 1993, the song was nominated for the Félix Award for Most Popular Song of the Year in Quebec.
Commercial performance.
"Quelqu'un que j'aime, quelqu'un qui m'aime" entered the airplay chart in Quebec on 29 August 1992 and topped it for seven consecutive weeks. It spent 23 weeks on the chart in total.

</doc>
<doc id="6980295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980295" title="Aircraft Repair Plant 410 (Kyiv)">
Aircraft Repair Plant 410 (Kyiv)

Plant 410 Civil Aviation () is a Ukrainian aircraft services company, based in Kyiv adjacent to the Kyiv Zhuliany International Airport.
Primary services provided are repair of An-24, An-26, An-30, An-32 aircraft and their modifications; testing and restoration of An-72, An-74 aircraft and their modifications; repair of D-36 engines for Yak-42 and An-74 aircraft; maintenance of Ka-26 helicopters; repair of wheels and brake assembly of Boeing 737 aircraft.
The company also operated, until 2007, ARP 410 Airlines, performing charter flights for cargo and passengers.
History.
Beginning — 2000.
On November 6, 1948 Aviation Repair Base № 410 of Civil Air Fleet was established.
In 1972, the plant mastered the repair of Ivchenko AI-9 aircraft auxiliary power unit for the Yak-40 passenger aircraft.
In November 1988, the plant mastered the overhaul of the Ivchenko Progress D-36 turbofan aircraft engine.
In February 1991, the Union of Aviation Engine Building Association was established on the basis of the main department of the USSR Ministry of Aviation Industry, which included aircraft repair and engine building enterprises of the USSR (including the 410th Aircraft Repair Plant).
After the proclamation of Ukraine's independence, the 410th Aircraft Repair Plant was renamed into 410th Civil Aviation Plant.
In May 1999, ARP-410 Airlines was established on the basis of the plant's air fleet. It provided 1% of Ukraine's passenger traffic in 2005. It ceased operations in 2007.
2001—2014.
On July 12, 2001, the Government of Ukraine adopted a law on state support of enterprises in the aircraft industry of Ukraine. The list of enterprises included the 410th plant.
In January 2004, the 410th Civil Aviation Plant presented a demonstration model of UAV model Arctur.
In September 2004, the plant was granted the status of a special exporter.
In July 2005, the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine adopted a resolution on the establishment of the national vertically integrated research and production association Antonov, which included among others Kyiv 410th Civil Aviation Plant.
In February 2007, the plant delivered one An-26 aircraft to the Ukrainian Navy.
On June 15, 2009, the Ministry of Defense of India and the Ukrainian state company Spetstechnoexport signed a contract for the overhaul and modernization of 40 Indian An-32 aircraft to be conducted by the 410th Civil Aviation Plant.
In the early 2014, the Ukrainian government banned military-technical cooperation with Russia which had a negative impact on the plant.
2016.
In 2016, the plant repaired six An-26 for the state law enforcement agencies of Ukraine.
In May 2016, the plant received a NATO AQAP 2120 certificate of conformity for the modernization of An-26 aircraft according to NATO standards.
On July 30, 2016, an An-74TK-300 aircraft of Ukraine Air Enterprise arrived at the plant for maintenance.
On August 29, 2016, an An-72-100D aircraft of the Sudanese Armed Forces arrived at the plant for maintenance (it was repaired and handed over to Sudan on February 3, 2017).
On December 30, 2016, the plant handed over the second repaired An-72 and the repaired An-26 of the Air Defense Forces of Kazakhstan.
2017.
On February 14, 2017, the plant took part in the exhibition "Aero India - 2017".
On March 16, 2017, the plant received the An-32 aircraft of the Ministry of Defense of the People's Republic of Bangladesh for overhaul.
On March 30, 2017, he handed over to Kazakhstan two repaired An-26 of the Ministry of Defense of the Republic of Kazakhstan.
On May 3, 2017, an An-74-200 aircraft of the Sudanese government arrived at the plant for overhaul.
2019.
In February 2019, the plant began providing repair and maintenance services for Boeing with two Boeing 737-500 aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="6980303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980303" title="Augustinian Sisters, Servants of Jesus and Mary">
Augustinian Sisters, Servants of Jesus and Mary

The Augustinian Sisters, Servants of Jesus and Mary was founded in Frosinone in 1827 by Maria Teresa Spinelli. They follow the Rule of St. Augustine.

</doc>
<doc id="6980310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980310" title="Vietnamese clothing">
Vietnamese clothing

Việt phục (Chữ Hán: 越服), or Vietnamese clothing, is the traditional style of clothing worn in Vietnam by the Vietnamese people. The traditional style has both indigenous and foreign elements due to the diverse cultural exchanges during the history of Vietnam. This all eventually led to the birth of a distinctive Vietnamese style of clothing, including the birth of the unofficial national dress of Vietnam, the .
For daily wear in Vietnam, Vietnamese people just wear normal everyday clothing (đồ Tây; Western clothing), but the common name for everyday clothing is quần áo thường ngày (literally "normal day clothing").
History.
The clothing and textile history of Vietnam reflects the culture and tradition that has been developed since the ancient Bronze Age wherein people of diverse cultures were living in Vietnam, the long influence of the Chinese and their associated cultural influence, as well as the short-lived French colonial rule. The dynamic cultural exchanges which took place with those foreign cultural influences had a significant impact on the history of clothing in Vietnam; this has eventually lead to the birth to a distinctive Vietnamese clothing style, the áo dài is only one of such clothing for example. Moreover, as Vietnam has multiple ethnicities, there are many distinctive styles of clothing which reflect their wearer's ethnicity.
Since the ancient times, textiles used and produced in Vietnam have been silk in Northern Vietnam, barkcloth, and banana fiber cloth; kapok and hemp were also generally used prior to the introduction of cotton.
For at least a thousand years, Vietnam was ruled by the Chinese in the north while the south of Vietnam was ruled by the Indian-culture influenced, independent kingdom of Champa. During this period, the clothing styles which were developed in Vietnam contained both indigenous and imported foreign elements; the upper classes tended to be more easily influenced by those foreign influences than the common people. The upper classes of Vietnam in Northern Vietnam tended to wear clothing which mirrored and was influenced by the fashions of the Chinese, and this style of clothing persisted even after the end of the Chinese rule in the independent kingdom of Đại Việt and in Champa.
For centuries, peasant women typically wore a halter top ("yếm") underneath a blouse or overcoat, alongside a skirt ("váy" or "quần không đáy"). It was until the 1920s in Vietnam's north area in isolated hamlets where skirts were worn. Before the Nguyễn dynasty, the cross-collared robe (áo tràng vạt) was worn popularly.
Bách Việt period (1000 BC - 1 BC).
Most of ancient northern Vietnam was referred as the Lạc Việt which was considered to be part of the Baiyue region in ancient Chinese texts. Prior to the Chinese conquest, the Tai nobles first came in Northern Vietnam during the Đông Sơn era, and they started to assimilate the local Mon-Khmer and Kra-dai people in a processed referred as "Tai-ization" or "Tai-ification" as the Tai people were politically and culturally dominant in Baiyue; this led to the adoption of the Tai people's clothing and the formation of dress style influenced by the Tai people.
The Han Chinese referred to the various non-Han "barbarian" peoples of North Vietnam and Southern China as "Yue" (Việt) or Baiyue, saying they possessed common habits like adapting to water, having their hair cropped short and having tattoos.
Nanyue.
Nanyue (204 BC–111 BC) was an independent state which was founded by a Chinese general. However, in the Kingdom of Nanyue, it was the elite who were primarily influenced by Chinese clothing as the presence of the Chinese was limited. The clothing of the elites of Nanyue was mixed of Tai and Chinese clothing styles. The clothing of the Elites include Chinese fashion from the Warring States period and the Qin dynasty; the style of clothing was mainly a V-shaped collar gown which was tight fitting that was folded to the right. The clothing was multi-layered; it was common to wear three layers of clothing and tended to have narrow and straight sleeves. The elites women on the other-hand tended to wear a blouse and a skirt.
Chinese Conquest Period of Vietnam.
The Kingdom of Nanyue (204 BC–111 BC) was conquered and ruled by the Han Chinese under the Han dynasty in 111 BC. The Chinese ruled over Northern Vietnam for 1000 years until c. 900 AD. This time, it was the Chinese which lead to acculturation process referred as Sinicization. The clothing of officials in Northern Vietnam followed the regulations of the Chinese dress. However, even during the Han dynasty (202 BC – 220 AD), there was still very little Chinese migration into Northern Vietnam. It was in the subsequent centuries after the fall of the Han dynasty that there was a large influx of Chinese in the region of Annan.
From 43 AD to 939 AD, the direct rule of the Chinese in Northern Vietnam led to the Chinese clothing influence on the local clothing styles, especially the local elites; this also included the leaders who rebelled against the rule of the Chinese who typically wore Chinese-style clothing. The Elites wore clothing made of silk which were colourful and decorated while commoners wore plain hemp-based clothing. According to the Book of the Later Han by Fan Ye, the civilization of Lingnan started with Ren Yan and Xi Guang (both Han Officials in Jiaozhi and Jiuzhen respectively) who were credited for introducing hats and sandals to the people of Lingnan along with many other aspects, such as agriculture.
Non-Chinese immigrants were attracted to the Tang dynasty-ruled Annan, and non-Chinese migrants started settling in the neighbouring areas; the blending of Chinese culture, Mon-Khmer, and Tai-Kradai in northern Vietnam led to the development of the national majority, the Vietnamese people. The elites followed the Chinese clothing system more closely once the regions had been incorporated into the Chinese imperial system. During the thousand years of imperial domination, the Vietnamese adopted Chinese clothing, but local customs and styles yet were not assimilated and lost.
Lý dynasty to Trần dynasty (1009–1400).
After Northern Vietnam became independent from China, the Vietnamese elites both followed the Chinese fashions and created distinctive, but still heavily Chinese-influenced local Vietnamese styles. The Chinese style dress gradually spread to Vietnamese commoners and among the people who were living in the surrounding regions which was being formally ruled by the Vietnamese; however, the form of the commoner clothing were distinct from those worn by the elite class. Almost all male commoners of the Việt ethnic and ethnic minorities started to wear Chinese style trousers and shirts.
Vietnamese wore a round neck costume, which was made from 4 parts of cloth called áo tứ điên. Both men and women wore it. There are also other types such as: áo tràng vạt (long-flap robe). The garments "áo" (áo is for the upper part of body) are below knee length, and round neck garments have buttons when the long-flap robe is tied to the right.
Short hair or a shaven head was popular in Vietnam since the ancient period. Vietnamese men had shaven head or short hair during Trần dynasty. This can be seen in the painting "The Mahasattva Trúc Lâm Coming Out of the Mountains" which portrayed Emperor Trần Nhân Tông and his men during the Trần dynasty as well as the Chinese encyclopedia "Sancai Tuhui" from 17th century. The convention was popular until the Fourth Chinese domination of Vietnam.
Hồ dynasty (1400–1407).
In 1400s, Emperor Lê Quý Ly wrote a poem to describe his country and his government to the Ming dynasty envoys, explaining shared cultural status between Đại Ngu and Ming by referring to the Han and Tang dynasties during a time when Đại Việt was a part of China, ""You inquire about the state of affairs in Annan. Annan’s customs are simple and pure. Moreover, official clothing is according to the Tang system. The rites and music that control intercourse between the ruler and the officials are those of the Han" [...]""."
Fourth Chinese domination of Vietnam (1407–1427).
When the Han Chinese ruled the Vietnamese in the Fourth Chinese domination of Vietnam, due to the Ming dynasty's conquest during the Ming–Hồ War they imposed the Han Chinese style of men wearing long hair on short-haired Vietnamese men. The Vietnamese were ordered to stop cutting their hair and instead to grow their hair long and switch to Han Chinese clothing within a month by a Ming official. Ming administrators said their mission was to civilize the unorthodox Vietnamese barbarians. Women had to wear Chinese style clothing. The Ming dynasty only wanted the Vietnamese to wear long hair and to stop teeth blackening so they could have white teeth and long hair like Chinese.
Later Lê dynasty (1428–1789).
In 1435, Nguyễn Trãi, a scholar official, and his colleagues compiled the based on the lessons he had taught to the prince, who then became Emperor Lê Thái Tông; his teachings also included how Vietnamese were different from their neighbours in terms of language and clothing customs: "The people of our land should not adopt the languages or the clothing of the lands of the Wu [Ming], Champa, the Lao, Siam, or Zhenla [Cambodia], since doing so will bring chaos to the customs of our land". They viewed the Ming as having been affected by Mongolian customs in terms of clothing customs (e.g. with their hair hanging down the back, white teeth, short clothing, long sleeves, and bright and lustrous robes and caps) despite returning to the ways of Han and Tang and the people of Lao as wearing Indian-style clothing like the robes of Buddhist monks "like the irrigated fields of dysfunctional families". Therefore, they considered that all those styles, including those of Champa and Khmer, should not be worn as they disregarded the customs of the Vietnamese, who continued to follow the rites of Zhou and Song dynasties: in the "Dư địa chí," it is written that according to the scholar Lý Tử Tấn, during the reign of Trần Dụ Tông, Emperor Taizu of Ming bestowed a poem saying, ""An Nan [Đại Việt] has the Trần clan, and its customs are not those of the Yuan [Mongols]. Its clothing and caps are in the classic pattern of the Zhou dynasty. Its rites and music follow the relationship between ruler and minister, as in the Song dynasty"” and therefore Emperor Taizu promoted the ambassador of Đại Việt (Đoàn Thuận Thân) by 3 ranks to be equal that of Joseon.
The Lê dynasty encouraged the civilians to return to traditional customs: teeth blackening as well as short hair or shaved heads. A royal edict was issued by Vietnam in 1474 forbidding Vietnamese from adopting foreign languages, hairstyles and clothes like that of the Lao, Champa or the "Northerners" which referred to the Ming. The edict was recorded in the 1479 Complete Chronicle of Đại Việt of Ngô Sĩ Liên.
Revival Lê dynasty.
The dragon robe (áo Long Bào) was worn in Vietnam since the Restored Late-Lê period, Phan Huy Chú wrote in the "Categorized Records of the Institutions of Successive Dynasties" (Lịch triều hiến chương loại chí):
Through many portraits and images of rulers during the Ming, Joseon, and more recently, during the Nguyễn dynasty, one could see that this standard (the wearing of Long Bào) existed for a long period of time within a very large region.
Đàng Trong and Đàng Ngoài.
Before 1744, people of both Đàng Ngoài (Tonkin) and Đàng Trong (Cochinchina) wore áo tràng vạt with a "thường" (a kind of long skirt; 裳). The tràng vạt dress appeared very early on in Vietnamese history, possibly during the first Chinese domination by Eastern Han, after Ma Yuan was able to finally defeat the Trưng Sisters’ rebellion. Those of the lower classes would prefer sleeves with reasonable widths or tight sleeves, and of simple colors. This stemmed from its flexibility in work, allowing people to move around with ease. Both male and female had loose long hair.The Nguyễn lords were key players in promoting Chinese-influenced clothing in Central and Southern Vietnam where they expanded their territories and extended control over all the territories which used to be ruled by Champa and the Khmer Empire. While expanding their territories, Vietnamese people immigrated to the south and the Nguyễn lords allowed Ming dynasty Chinese refugees to settle in those areas, thus creating a mixed society which was composed of Vietnamese, Chinese, and Cham peoples. Both Vietnamese and the Chinese brought their own clothing style in Đàng Trong (Huế) and continued to wear their clothing until a proclamation by Lord Nguyễn Phúc Khoát who decreed that all the people under his rule had to changed their clothing into Ming-influenced Chinese clothing in order to make his people dressed differently from those under the rule of the Trịnh lords. As a result, the gown and skirt which was worn by the Vietnamese and which was common in the north was replaced by trousers and gown with Chinese-influenced fasteners; this new form of clothing was described by Lê Quý Đôn as the predessor to the áo dài, the áo ngũ thân which was composed of a 5-piece gown. In 1744, Lord Nguyễn Phúc Khoát of Đàng Trong (Huế) both men and women at his court wear trousers and a gown with buttons down the front. The members of the Đàng Trong court (southern court) were thus distinguished from the courtiers of the Trịnh Lords in Đàng Ngoài (Hanoi), who wore "áo tràng vạt" with long skirts.
Nguyễn dynasty (1802–1945).
During unified period of Vietnam, the people in the northern and southern regions of Vietnam (i.e. previously Champa) continued to wear their local ethnic clothing. In the Southern regions, the people continued to wear their local clothing and became increasingly similar whereas in the northern regions, the clothing worn was very varied. When the Vietnamese started to assimilate the majority of the Cham and the Khmer Krom living in their new conquered southern territories; and the Vietnamese-ification of the Cham and the Khmer Krom lead to them adopting Vietnamese style clothing while at the same time retaining several distinctive ethnic elements.
Áo ngũ thân (predecessor of the current áo dài, which made of 5 parts) with standing collar and trousers was forced on Vietnamese people by the Nguyễn dynasty. Skirts (váy) were banned due to Emperor Minh Mệnh's extreme Neo-Confucianism. However, it was up to the 1920s in Vietnam's north area in isolated hamlets where skirts were worn.
The Vietnamese had adopted the Chinese political system and culture during the 1,000 years of Chinese rule, but after the Qing conquest of China, Han Chinese were forced to adapt to Manchurian customs like wearing a queue. So the Vietnamese viewed their surrounding neighbors like Khmer and the Han Chinese under the Qing dynasty as barbarians and themselves as a small version of China (the Middle Kingdom) who still maintained Han culture (civilised culture). By the Nguyễn dynasty, the Vietnamese themselves were ordering the Khmer to adopt Han Chinese culture by ceasing "barbarous" habits like cropping hair and ordering them to grow it long besides making them replace skirts with trousers.
Áo tràng vạt was still worn during Nguyễn dynasty. Other styles of clothing were also created during this time such as the áo nhật bình and the (formal wear for rituals and formal occasions).
The áo dài was created when tucks which were close-fitting and compact were added in the 1920s to the áo ngũ thân. The Chinese-influenced clothing in the form of trousers and tunic were mandated by the Nguyễn dynasty. The Chinese Ming dynasty, Tang dynasty, and Han dynasty clothing was referenced in order to be adopted by the Vietnamese military and bureaucrats by the Nguyễn Lord, Nguyễn Phúc Khoát (Nguyễn Thế Tông) from 1744. 
Twentieth century.
From the twentieth century onward, Vietnamese people began wearing Western clothing due to modernisation and French influence. The áo dài was briefly banned after the fall of Saigon, but was reintroduced back into the scene. It is worn in white by high school girls, often as part of school uniform in Vietnam. It is also worn by female receptionists and secretaries. Styles can differ in Northern and Southern Vietnam. The most popular type of Vietnamese clothing today, is the áo dài for men and women, and suits or sometimes áo gấm (modified áo dài) for men.
Twenty-first century.
In the 21st century, some companies and individuals are working on reviving, preserving, and upholding Vietnamese traditional culture, including Vietnamese clothing and designs. In 2013, researcher Trần Quang Đức published the book "Ngàn năm áo mũ", marking the first step in restoring traditional costumes in Vietnam. Currently, there are many companies that research and reproduce traditional Vietnamese clothing, for example, a company called "Ỷ Vân Hiên" started to provide tailoring services of ancient Vietnamese clothing which included the "áo ngũ thân" and "áo tràng vạt". "Ỷ Vân Hiên" company largely reproduces clothing worn in the Nguyễn dynasty period. Other tailoring companies, such as Trần Thị Trang's company specializes in making ancient Vietnamese clothing which was typically worn between the Ngô dynasty and the Nguyễn dynasty. Painter Cù Minh Khôi and his friends launched the "Hoa Văn Đại Việt project" which digitized 250 ancient Vietnamese decorative patterns which spanned from the Lý dynasty to Nguyễn dynasty and applied them to variety of modern products such as keychains, calendars, T-shirts, and lucky money packets.
In 2018, a book called "Dệt Nên Triều Đại" in Vietnamese language and "Weaving a Realm" in English language was published by the Vietnam Centre, an independent, non-government and non-profit organization which aims to promote Vietnamese culture to the world. The book contained historical facts about ancient Vietnamese fashion, illustrations and photos. The book "Dệt Nên Triều Đại" only covers the early years of the Later Lê era's clothing traditions from 1437 to 1471 AD after the Ming dynasty's forces were defeated by Emperor Lê Lợi.
In 2008, there was a festival in Huế, where the Nam Giao ceremony was performed again after being revived again for the first time in 2004. Traditional clothing was worn during the ceremony and highlighted the clothing worn during the Nguyễn dynasty (however, some of the clothing of the Nguyễn dynasty in this event are still inaccurate).
Types of clothing.
Áo dài.
The áo dài is considered to be the traditional Vietnamese national garment. Besides suits and dresses nowadays, men and women can also wear áo dài on formal occasions. It is a long, split tunic worn over trousers. "Áo" translates as shirt "and dài" means "long". The outfit was derived from its predecessor, the áo ngũ thân, a five piece outfit that was worn in the 19th and early 20th centuries. The male version of áo dài or modified áo dài are also worn during weddings or formal occasions. The áo dài can be paired with the "nón lá" or the "khăn vấn".
Khăn vấn.
Khăn vấn or khăn đóng is a kind of turban traditionally worn by Vietnamese people. The word vấn means "coil around". The word khăn means cloth, towel or scarf. It is typically worn with other outfits, most often the áo dài. The Nguyễn Lords introduced the predecessor to the áo dài, the "áo ngũ thân". It was traditionally worn with a handwrapped turban. The members of the Đàng Trong court (southern court) were thus distinguished from the courtiers of the Trịnh Lords in Đàng Ngoài, who wore "áo tràng vạt" with long skirts and loose long hair. Hence, wrapping scarf around head became a unique custom in the south then. From 1830, Minh Mạng emperor force every civilian in the country to change their clothes, that custom became popular in the all of Vietnam.
Áo tứ thân.
Áo tứ thân is a traditional Vietnamese dress for women, especially popular in the Northern region. It is made from four pieces of cloth, two front panels and two back panels. According to researchers, Áo tứ thân may have originated from the Lý dynasty. Initially, Áo tứ thân was worn by both men and women, but gradually became the traditional dress of women.
Áo tứ thân is a symbol of Vietnamese culture. It is associated with the image of Vietnamese women who are gentle, graceful, and capable. Today, Áo tứ thân is not as widely used as before. However, Áo tứ thân is still loved by many people and worn on traditional festivals such as chầu văn festivals, village festivals, and Mid-Autumn festival...

</doc>
<doc id="6980316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980316" title="Saddle tanks (submarine)">
Saddle tanks (submarine)



</doc>
<doc id="6980319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980319" title="A Story About a Girl">
A Story About a Girl



</doc>
<doc id="6980323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980323" title="St Luke's">
St Luke's

St. Luke's may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6980329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980329" title="Hilaria Supa Huamán">
Hilaria Supa Huamán



</doc>
<doc id="6980331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980331" title="GU023">
GU023



</doc>
<doc id="6980336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980336" title="Hilaria Supa Huaman">
Hilaria Supa Huaman



</doc>
<doc id="6980341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980341" title="GU024">
GU024



</doc>
<doc id="6980343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980343" title="Hilaria Supa Waman">
Hilaria Supa Waman



</doc>
<doc id="6980347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980347" title="Witchhazel Cone">
Witchhazel Cone



</doc>
<doc id="6980353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980353" title="Luke Varney">
Luke Varney

Luke Ivan Varney (born 28 September 1982) is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker. Across his career he had spells with 11 different teams.
He began his career with non-League club Quorn, a club in his home county of Leicestershire, before moving to league football with Crewe Alexandra. His performances during Crewe's 2006–07 campaign, where he was named in the League One "Team of the Year" despite Crewe's finishing only mid-table and scoring against Manchester United in the League Cup saw him come to the attentions of bigger clubs and consecutive £1m-plus transfers to the Championship followed, as he joined Charlton Athletic and then Derby County. He had made over 200 league appearances, and scored his 50th career league goal, and career first top-flight goal, in the Premier League, with a 76th-minute strike against Fulham on his debut for Blackpool.
Career.
Crewe Alexandra.
Varney was born in Leicester and played for Leicester youth up front and began his career as a semi-professional footballer at non-league level with Quorn before being spotted by Crewe's scout Darryl Finney. The Englishman signed for the Railwaymen in 2003 and spent four years at the club, appearing in 95 league games and scoring 27 goals. Varney signed for Crewe Alexandra from non-league Quorn in 2003 for £50,000. Varney's deal also had a 20% sell-on clause with the Leicestershire club. Whilst at Quorn, he worked as a quality controller at a factory. Varney made his Crewe debut five months later in a 3–1 away defeat to Wimbledon. The young Englishman also managed to get his first goal for the club four games after his debut in Crewe's 3–1 away win over Crystal Palace, Dean Ashton scoring the other two goals for The Railwaymen. Unfortunately, Varney picked up a shoulder injury during January 2004, denying him a chance of making any further appearances during the rest of the 2003–04 season.
Varney recovered from his injury in time for the following season, making 26 appearances for Crewe, scoring four goals in those appearances. The striker also picked up two yellow cards during the course of the year. He became more involved in the first team during the 2004–05 season, making 27 appearances and scoring five goals.
In 2006, Crewe Alexandra were relegated to League One. Varney would make his name during the 2006–07 season, scoring 25 goals in all competitions during the season, which saw the Englishman take the honour of the League's third top goalscorer. Varney also formed a notable partnership with Nicky Maynard, as the two became League One's most productive partnership, scoring a total of 44 goals between them.
However, it was Varney's performance against Manchester United in the League Cup that gained attention from the bigger clubs as during the weeks following the game, which saw Varney score the goal that forced extra time, FA Premier League clubs such as Portsmouth were reported to be interested in signing him. On the contrary, however, Varney himself played down any talk of him moving clubs. Varney's season however was cut short in March 2007 after breaking his toe in Crewe's 1–1 draw with Brighton &amp; Hove Albion.
Charlton Athletic.
Varney completed a move to Charlton Athletic for £2 million in May 2007 with a percentage of the fee going to Quorn, rising to £2.5 million depending on appearances. Charlton manager Alan Pardew commented that "Luke is an exciting young player and perfectly fits the mould of a Charlton player". "The deal was done very quickly" Dario Gradi recalled, "Alan [Pardew] rang me out of the blue really and asked me about Luke. It was a surprise because I had no indication that they were interested before. I said what we wanted for him and then we discussed his strengths and his weaknesses" he added. Varney's first goal for the Addicks came against Leicester City in September 2007, the club he had supported as a boy. Varney scored eight goals in 39 league appearances. In the 2008–09 season, Varney made a further 18 league appearances, scoring twice, joining Derby County on loan.
Derby County.
He signed for Derby County on loan on 27 November 2008 with a view to a £1m transfer in January 2009. On 6 December he scored on his home debut for Derby in a match against Crystal Palace. The move became permanent in January 2009 for a fee of just over £1 million. After suffering from various niggling injuries, illness and a loss of form, Varney joined Sheffield Wednesday on a month's loan on 20 March 2009. Varney made four appearances at Wednesday, scoring two goals – a brace against Southampton. He returned to Derby on 21 April 2009, saying that "The loan was enjoyable and now I'm fit and ready to put my all into the last few games with Derby. It feels like a fresh start, a clean slate. When you go out on loan you do think "am I needed here [at Derby]?", but the manager said I was 100% in his plans for next season. It has been an unsettling season as a whole coming from Charlton, the quick change of manager at Derby, and the injuries and illness. But I wish the season was not about to end because I've come into a bit of form and I'm enjoying my football." He rejoined Sheffield Wednesday on a four-month loan on 21 August 2009. On his return to Derby he hinted at a return to Sheffield Wednesday either on loan or permanently, Sheffield Wednesday caretaker manager Sean Mcauley also hinted at this. New permanent Wednesday manager Alan Irvine signed Varney on loan for the remainder of the season on 21 January 2010. Despite Varney's goals he was unable to prevent Sheffield Wednesday slipping to relegation on the final day of the 2009–10 season and returned to Derby his future still very much up in the air.
Prior to the 2010–11 season, Varney was linked with a move to Southampton but remained at Derby and played a part in the club's pre-season preparations, albeit often employed out of position at right back. When employed up front, he put in a Man of the Match display during Derby's 3–1 Bass Charity Vase, scoring twice. Despite this, he was still linked with a move away from the club, with Queens Park Rangers and Crewe Alexandra amongst those expressing an interest before he made a surprise return to the Derby side with his first Derby appearance since 18 August 2010, and his first start since May 2009, in a 1–2 defeat to Cardiff City on 14 August 2010, in which he provided Tomasz Cywka for the Derby goal.
Blackpool (loan).
On 27 August 2010, Varney joined newly promoted Premier League club Blackpool on a season-long loan with a view to a permanent deal in the region of £500,000. The following day he scored on his debut in "the Seasiders"' first Premier League match at Bloomfield Road, a 2–2 draw with Fulham. He scored his second league goal on 3 October 2010 as Blackpool defeated Liverpool 2–1 at Anfield with Varney's first half goal proving to be the winner, In a performance which saw him named in the week seven 2010–11 Premier League Team of the Week, alongside teammate Charlie Adam. In November, after Varney scored four times in his opening 11 appearances, Blackpool confirmed their desire to sign Varney on a permanent deal in the January 2011 transfer window. Manager Ian Holloway claimed that Blackpool had a "massive clause" in the loan deal which meant they could sign Varney for just £250,000 in the January 2011 transfer window, though Derby denied this saying Varney could be sold to any club and that no deal is in place with Blackpool.
Varney scored his fifth for the club with the second in a 2–2 draw at Bolton Wanderers on 22 November 2010 before embarking on a fifteen match goalless run which saw him dropped to the bench for the 1–1 draw at home to Newcastle United on 23 April 2011. After appearing as a substitute versus Newcastle, and the following game against Stoke City, Varney made just one appearance in the remaining three games of the campaign, coming on for the last 15 minutes in a 4–2 defeat against Manchester United which confirmed Blackpool's relegation from the Premier League after one season. Varney ended the season with five goals from 30 appearances, but enduring an 18-game goalless streak.
Portsmouth.
After lengthy speculation, it was confirmed on 6 July 2011, that Varney would join Portsmouth for a fee of £750,000. Varney scored his first league goal for Portsmouth on 6 August 2011 against Middlesbrough. He then scored his second goal for the club in a 4–3 away defeat to West Ham, deflecting in off Carlton Cole, after he volleyed Liam Lawrence's corner. He was then moved up front in a 4–4–2 formation after the departure of Steve Cotterill, where scored three goals in three games, once in a televised home 2–0 victory over Barnsley, and then a brace, again at home, in a 3–1 victory over Doncaster.
Leeds United.
After a number of weeks of rumours his signing for Leeds United was confirmed by manager, Neil Warnock on 23 July 2012.
Varney scored his first Leeds United goal in his debut against Bodmin Town to make it 1–0 to Leeds and the game finished 4–0. Varney was allocated the number 11 shirt for the 2012–13 season on 3 August.
Varney made one and scored one in his competitive debut for Leeds in the first game of the season against Shrewsbury Town in the League Cup on 11 August. Varney made his league debut for Leeds in their 1–0 victory against Wolverhampton Wanderers. In Leeds' 3–0 League Cup win against Southampton, Varney was famous for a miss which was described by Neil Warnock as 'miss of the century', when he missed a wide open goal from 2–3 yards out. Warnock later apologised for coming across "as a dinosaur, although I'm not sure which one."
Varney was sent off for a deliberate elbow against Millwall on 18 November. Varney scored his second goal for Leeds in their 2–1 victory over Tottenham Hotspur in the Fourth Round of the FA Cup in January.
Varney scored in consecutive games against two of his former clubs, scoring a goal in a 2–1 loss to Charlton Athletic before following it up with a brace against Sheffield Wednesday in Brian McDermott's first game in charge in a 2–1 win on 13 April.
Following Leeds 1–1 draw with Ipswich on 28 January 2014, then Leeds manager Brian McDermott revealed that Varney had refused to play for Leeds for the game, due to an offer coming in from league rivals Blackburn and him not wanting to get injured.
On 8 February 2014, Varney joined Blackburn Rovers on loan until 11 May 2014 with a view to a permanent move. On 16 May 2014, Varney was released by Leeds United.
Blackburn Rovers.
On 1 July 2014, Varney signed a one-year deal with former loan club Blackburn Rovers after his release from Leeds United.
Ipswich Town.
On 20 February 2015, Varney joined Ipswich Town on loan for an initial one-month period with the option to extend this loan until the end of the season, having made 11 appearances for Blackburn Rovers, all from the bench.
He was injured in the Playoff Semi-Final game against Norwich City but remained at the club before signing permanently in December 2015, taking the number 42 shirt. Varney went on to make 18 appearances for Ipswich in the Championship in 2015–16, most as a substitute. He scored once, a last-minute winner in his final game for the club, a 3–2 home win over MK Dons on 30 April 2016.
He signed a new contract in August 2016 as cover for the injured Brett Pitman. His contract with Ipswich was cancelled in January 2017, allowing him to join Burton Albion.
Burton Albion.
Varney scored his first goal for Burton in a 1–1 draw with Barnsley on 29 April 2017. He was released by the club at the end of the 2017–18 season, following their relegation.
In August 2018, Varney was released by Burton Albion.
Cheltenham Town.
Varney joined League Two side Cheltenham Town on 28 September 2018 after appearing on trial and scoring in a reserve team friendly against Hartpury College a few days earlier. Varney made his Cheltenham Town debut as a sub against Lincoln City on 29 September 2018.
Despite scoring 7 goals in 23 games across the 2019–20 season, he was released by Cheltenham Town at the end of the season.
Return to Burton Albion.
On 12 August 2020, he returned to Burton Albion as a player-fitness coach on a one-year deal. On 12 May 2021 it was announced that he would be one of 12 players leaving Burton at the end of the season.
Return to Quorn.
On 23 June 2021, Quorn announced that he had re-signed for the club he began his career at.
In November 2021, having made nine league appearances on his return to Quorn, he announced his retirement from his playing career, aged 39.
Controversy.
Ian Holloway criticised him for a dive in a game between Crystal Palace and Leeds United in the 2012–13 season, stating in a post-match interview: "He got a booking for a complete waste-of-time of a dive and he was laughing about it but he basically tried to get a penalty and that ain't funny". Playing for Blackburn Rovers against Leeds in the 2014–15 season, Varney dived to win a penalty that proved to be decisive in the match. The decision was called a "joke" by Leeds manager Neil Redfearn. Varney has also been accused of diving by Gus Poyet in a game between Brighton and Hove Albion and Leeds in the 2012–13 season.
Honours.
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="6980354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980354" title="Not Enough">
Not Enough

Not Enough may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6980358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980358" title="Witchhazel cone gall">
Witchhazel cone gall



</doc>
<doc id="6980361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980361" title="42nd Street (BMT Broadway Line station)">
42nd Street (BMT Broadway Line station)



</doc>
<doc id="6980365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980365" title="Hormaphis hamamelidis">
Hormaphis hamamelidis



</doc>
<doc id="6980368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980368" title="Maritime College of Forest Technology">
Maritime College of Forest Technology

The Maritime College of Forest Technology (French: Collège de Technologie forestière des Maritimes) is a Canadian post-secondary college with campuses located in Fredericton, New Brunswick (English instruction) and Bathurst, New Brunswick (French instruction).
History.
The Maritime College of Forest Technology (MCFT), formerly the Maritime Forest Ranger School (MFRS), in Fredericton, New Brunswick was established in April 1946, as a co-operative effort of the provincial governments of New Brunswick and Nova Scotia, and the wood-using industries of the two provinces. The MCFT fulfils a regional mandate.
The original location for MFRS was on the grounds owned by the University of New Brunswick which housed Alexander College and is known today as the Fredericton Exhibition Grounds. In 1949 MFRS moved to its new location overlooking the Saint John River Valley; at that time MFRS was the sole occupant of the land until the new campus was constructed in 1986. The current campus is part of the Hugh John Flemming Forestry Centre and is shared with the Canadian Forest Service and Department of Natural Resources. Present facilities at the Fredericton Campus were completed in 1986. The francophone campus in Bathurst was established in 1980 and the campus is shared with the Collège communautaire du Nouveau-Brunswick.
From 1946 to 2003 the college was known as the Maritime Forest Ranger School and its curriculum was one year in length. In 2003 the college began its new two-year program and with that came the change in name to the Maritime College of Forest Technology. In 2008 MCFT began offering, in addition to the Forest Technology Program, an Advanced Diploma in Forest and Fish &amp; Wildlife Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="6980369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980369" title="Thomas Schaller">
Thomas Schaller

Thomas F. Schaller (born January 17, 1967) is Professor of Political Science at University of Maryland, Baltimore County (UMBC). He was a student of the State University of New York at Plattsburgh. Formerly a weekly political columnist for the "Baltimore Sun", he has published commentaries in a variety of publications, including the "New York Times", "Washington Post", "Boston Globe", "Salon", "The American Prospect" and "The Nation".
He is author of "Whistling Past Dixie: How Democrats Can Win Without the South" (). He is also the author of "The Stronghold: How Republicans Captured Congress but Surrendered the White House" (Yale University, 2015) and "Common Enemies: Georgetown Basketball, Miami Football and the Racial Transformation of College Sports" (University of Nebraska Press, 2021), and "" (Penguin Random House, 2024). From 2009 to 2010, Schaller was a regular contributor to FiveThirtyEight.com.
He is of German and Italian descent.
During the 2000 presidential election, Schaller was listed as a Maryland state co-chair of GoreNet. GoreNet was a group that supported the Al Gore campaign with a focus on grassroots and online organizing as well as hosting small dollar donor events.

</doc>
<doc id="6980375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980375" title="GU025">
GU025



</doc>
<doc id="6980383" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980383" title="Pennsylvania Route 66">
Pennsylvania Route 66

Pennsylvania Route 66 (PA 66) is a state highway in Western Pennsylvania. Its southern terminus is at U.S. Route 119 (US 119) near Interstate 70 (I-70) near New Stanton. Its northern terminus is at US 6 in Kane.
The southernmost of the route is a controlled-access toll road named the Amos K. Hutchinson Bypass and is signed as PA Turnpike 66, a part of the Pennsylvania Turnpike System serving as a bypass of Greensburg. The Bypass runs between US 119 and US 22. This portion is also part of Corridor M of the Appalachian Development Highway System.
Route description.
Amos K. Hutchinson Bypass.
PA Turnpike 66 begins in New Stanton at a cloverleaf interchange with US 119, near Interstate 70 and Interstate 76/Pennsylvania Turnpike. Up to Arona Road, its first interchange, no tolls are collected. The route then meets PA 136 before reaching the Hempfield Toll Plaza.
Near Jeannette, PA Turnpike 66 interchanges with US 30 and PA 130. North of here, the road meets PA 66 Business before reaching the northern terminus of the same route further north.
At this point, PA Turnpike 66 becomes PA 66 and the freeway ends at a traffic signal just north. PA 66 then meets US 22 at a single-point urban interchange.
Westmoreland County.
North of the Amos K. Hutchinson Bypass, PA 66 enters Salem Township as Sheridan Road. In Delmont, PA 66 is called Sheridan Road. In Washington Township, PA 66 passes west of Beaver Run Reservoir.
In the village of Mamont, PA 66 intersects Pennsylvania Route 286. In the village of Poke Run north of PA 286, PA 66 intersects the eastern terminus of Pennsylvania Route 366. Then PA 66 intersects Pennsylvania Route 380, PA 380 west heads for downtown Pittsburgh.
South of Oklahoma, PA 66 intersects the southern terminus of Pennsylvania Route 356. In the village of Paulton, PA 66 intersects the southern terminus of Pennsylvania Route 66 Alternate.
PA 66 Alternate goes into Vandergrift and PA 66 goes into Apollo. In Oklahoma, PA 66 meets the northern terminus of Pennsylvania Route 819. In downtown Oklahoma, PA 66 turns to the east and crosses the Kiskiminetas River.
Armstrong County.
After crossing the Kiskiminetas River, PA 66 enters Armstrong County and begins a concurrency with Pennsylvania Route 56 in Apollo. As they began their concurrency, PA 56/PA 66 are called Warren Avenue in Apollo. As PA 56/PA 66 enter the boro of North Apollo they parallel the Kiskiminetas River. In the village of North Vandergrift, the concurrency between PA 56 and PA 66 ends when PA 66 intersects PA 66 Alternate and PA 56 and PA 66 ALT begin their own concurrency into Vandergrift.
As PA 66 continues to parallel the Kiskiminetas River, it is called Lincoln Avenue. While paralleling the Kiskiminetas River, PA 66 has snake like curves. In Leechburg, PA 66 becomes Market Street, 3rd Street, and Pershing Avenue. As PA 66 exits Leechburg it does not parallel the Kiskiminetas River.
In Bethel Township, PA 66 meets the northern terminus of PA 66 Alternate. In Ford City, PA 66 becomes Main Street and intersects the northern terminus of Pennsylvania Route 128 at an "Y" intersection.
Southeast of Kittanning, PA 66 begins a concurrency with U.S. Route 422 and Pennsylvania Route 28 at an interchange. At the next exit US 422 leaves the concurrency and PA 28/PA 66 continue north at-grade.
In Rayburn Township, PA 28/PA 66 intersect the western terminus of Pennsylvania Route 85. PA 28/PA 66 continue towards the northeast without intersecting a route for more than .
In South Bethlehem, PA 28/PA 66 become Broad Street and meet the northern terminus of Pennsylvania Route 839. The route then crosses the Redbank Creek into Clarion County after spending 43 miles in Armstrong County.
Clarion County.
After crossing the Redbank Creek, PA 28/PA 66 enter Clarion County. In New Bethlehem, the concurrency between PA 28 and PA 66 ends when PA 66 leaves PA 28.
North of PA 28, PA 66 becomes Wood Street and intersects the eastern terminus of Pennsylvania Route 861. In Clarion Township, PA 66 begins a concurrency with Interstate 80 at exit 64. Then I-80/PA 66 meet Pennsylvania Route 68 at exit 62.
After crossing the Clarion River, PA 66 leaves I-80 at exit 60 (trumpet interchange). PA 66 continues north at grade. In Paint Township, PA 66 intersects U.S. Route 322 as Paint Boulevard. PA 66 continues towards the north paralleling rail road tracks.
In Farmington Township, PA 66 intersects Pennsylvania Route 36.
Forest, Elk, and McKean counties.
As PA 66 enters Forest County, PA 66 intersects the northern terminus of Pennsylvania Route 899. In Jenks Township, PA 66 enters Allegheny National Forest. As PA 66 enters Elk County, PA 66 has a concurrency with Pennsylvania Route 948. Northeast of PA 948, PA 66 becomes Kane-Russell City Road. PA 66 enters McKean County as Fraley Street. In Kane, PA 66 ends at a "T" intersection with U.S. Route 6.
History.
The original road was designated in 1927.
In 1930, the section from West Virginia to Greensburg was decommissioned in favor of US 119. Following this, in 1935, the northern terminus was relocated to Tioneasta.
Construction on the US 22/PA 66 cloverleaf was completed in 1958.
In 1960, the designation was moved from Courthouse Road to bypass Kittanning on a new alignment.
In 1968, route moved onto I-80 to bypass Clarion and onto its current route between Clarion Junction and Kane. That same year, PA 66 was routed onto its current alignment from US 322 north to its current terminus.
In 1982, the road was widened to four lanes with a median from Ford City to US 422.
From August 1990 to December 1993, the Amos K. Hutchinson Bypass was opened as an extension. It was designated as PA Turnpike 66 and designated as the Amos K. Hutchinson Bypass. It was tolled, and supported cash, as well as a system known as the PTC Credit Card.
From 1999 to 2000, the interchange with US 22 was rebuilt into a SPUI.
From 2000 to 2001, the Kittitang Bypass was opened.
E-ZPass was added to the Amos K. Hutchinson Bypass in October 2006.
In Westmoreland County, part of the road was dangerous in Winter due to ice. This was corrected in 2011 as part of a resurfacing.
In 2016, Exit one was officially named the David B. Sheridan Memorial Interchange.
Tolls along PA 66 were originally paid with toll plazas. At the mainline ones, a staffed full-service lane existed, accepting cash or credit cards. For most exit ramp tolls, exact change was required; however some automatic toll collection machines accepted paper money and gave change. All toll collecting machines gave receipts. On October 27, 2019, all-electronic tolling was implemented along the Amos K. Hutchinson Bypass section of PA 66.
Tolls.
The Amos K. Hutchinson Bypass portion of the route has tolls. Tolls are collected once during travel on the road, either at the mainline toll barrier, or at the exit or entrance point, depending on the possibility of reaching the mainline toll barrier during travel. No toll is charged for travel between exits 0 and 1 or north of exit 12.
The Amos K. Hutchinson Bypass uses all-electronic tolling, with tolls payable by toll-by-plate (which uses automatic license plate recognition to take a photo of the vehicle's license plate and mail a bill to the vehicle owner) or E-ZPass. , the mainline toll barrier between exits 4 and 6 costs passenger vehicles $5.50 using toll-by-plate and $2.90 using E-ZPass. At the northbound exit and southbound entrance at exit 4 and the southbound exit and northbound entrance at exit 6, passenger vehicles are charged $4.70 using toll-by-plate and $1.90 using E-ZPass. The southbound exit and northbound entrance at exits 8 and 9 costs passenger vehicles $3.50 using toll-by-plate and $1.50 using E-ZPass.
Special routes.
PA 66 Alternate.
Pennsylvania Route 66 Alternate (PA 66 Alt.) is an alternate route through Westmoreland County and Armstrong County, Pennsylvania.
It leaves its parent route in Washington Township and travels through the center of Oklahoma and Vandergrift, while the mainline route bypasses residential neighborhoods along the riverfront.
PA 66 Alt. merges with PA 56 to cross the Kiskiminetas River. It becomes a separate route again in Parks Township (North Vandergrift), avoiding several riverfront towns as it travels along a hilly, rural stretch, before rejoining mainline PA 66 in Bethel Township.
From 1928 to 1938, the segment from North Vandergrift to the northern terminus was designated as PA 566.
Major intersections
PA 66 Business.
Pennsylvania Route 66 Business (PA 66 Bus.) is an business route in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, connected two fingers of suburbia located east of Pittsburgh. The highway was signed PA 66 Business after PA 66 was shifted onto a newly created toll road bypass.
The route begins nearly a mile south of the original terminus of PA 66, at a juncture with US 30 (which loops as a freeway around the city). It is cosigned with US 119 and PA 819 to the city center, before traveling on its own accord through several suburbanized miles.
The route then becomes more rural, as it provides a free connection to the east-central edge of suburban Pittsburgh at Delmont. The highway is designated by PennDOT SR 0119 between US 30 and Pittsburgh Avenue in Greensburg (along the concurrency with US 119), then is part of SR 0066 north of there.
Major intersections

</doc>
<doc id="6980386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980386" title="Dancing with the Stars (US)">
Dancing with the Stars (US)



</doc>
<doc id="6980389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980389" title="Thomas Danielson">
Thomas Danielson



</doc>
<doc id="6980391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980391" title="GU026">
GU026



</doc>
<doc id="6980394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980394" title="Witch hazel cone gall aphid">
Witch hazel cone gall aphid



</doc>
<doc id="6980398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980398" title="Casimir Davaine">
Casimir Davaine

Casimir-Joseph Davaine (19 March 1812 – 14 October 1882) was a French physician known for his work in the field of microbiology. He was a native of Saint-Amand-les-Eaux, department of Nord.
In 1850, Davaine along with French pathologist Pierre François Olive Rayer, discovered a certain microorganism in the blood of diseased and dying sheep. In the diseased blood, Rayer and Davaine observed the bacillus that is known today as "Bacillus anthracis", the causative bacterium of anthrax. Soon afterwards, Rayer published a description of the bacillus in a paper titled, "Inoculation du sang de rate" (1850).
In 1863, Davaine demonstrated that the bacillus could be directly transmitted from one animal to another. He was able to identify the causative organism, but was unaware of its true etiology. Later on, German microbiologist Robert Koch investigated the etiology of "Bacillus anthracis", and discovered its ability to produce "resting spores" that could stay alive in the soil for a long period of time to serve as a future source of infection.
Casimir Davaine is also credited for pioneer work in the study of sepsis (blood poisoning).

</doc>
<doc id="6980399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980399" title="Faustina Bordoni">
Faustina Bordoni

Faustina Bordoni (30 March 1697 – 4 November 1781) was an Italian mezzo-soprano.
In Hamburg, Germany, the Johann Adolph Hasse Museum is dedicated to her husband and partly to Bordoni.
Early career.
She was born in Venice and brought up under the protection of the aristocratic brother composers Alessandro and Benedetto Marcello. Her singing teacher was another composer, Michelangelo Gasparini. For many years in the service of the Elector Palatine, she made her operatic debut at Venice in 1716 in Carlo Francesco Pollarolo's "Ariodante", singing in her home city until 1725 in operas by Albinoni, the Gasparini brothers, Giacomelli, Leonardo Leo, Giuseppe Maria Orlandini, the Pollarolos, father and son, and Leonardo Vinci, amongst others. In 1718 and 1719 in Venice she sang alongside Francesca Cuzzoni, later to become her great rival. During this period she also performed several times at Reggio nell'Emilia, Naples and Parma, and at least once in Milan, Modena and Florence. After her German début in 1723, singing in Pietro Torri's "Griselda" at Munich, she was a great favourite north of the Alps during the 1720s, also enjoying great success in Vienna (1725–26). Her nickname was the "new siren", and she was commonly known simply as "Faustina".
"The Rival Queens".
Her London début, as Rossane in Handel's "Alessandro", took place on 5 May 1726, alongside Senesino and Cuzzoni. During the next two seasons she created four more Handel roles: Alceste in "Admeto" and Pulcheria in "Riccardo Primo" (both 1727), and Emira in "Siroe" and Elisa in "Tolomeo" (1728). She also sang in a revival of "Radamisto", and in operas by Ariosti and Giovanni Bononcini. In a performance of the latter's "Astianatte" on 6 June 1727, a riot broke out in the audience between her followers and those of her 'rival' Cuzzoni in the , in front of Caroline, Princess of Wales. This furore seized the public imagination and a great deal of journalistic exaggeration – the pamphleteer John Arbuthnot published "The DEVIL to pay at St. JAMES's: Or A full and true ACCOUNT of a most horrid and bloody BATTLE between Madam FAUSTINA and Madam CUZZONI", in which he lambasted the two ladies: "TWO of a Trade seldom or ever agree … But who would have thought the Infection should reach the Hay-market and inspire Two Singing Ladies to pull each other's Coiffs, to the no small Disquiet of the Directors, who (God help them) have enough to do to keep Peace and Quietness between them. … I shall not determine who is the Aggressor, but take the surer Side, and wisely pronounce them both in Fault; for it is certainly an apparent Shame that two such well bred Ladies should call Bitch and Whore, should scold and fight like any Billingsgates." Recent research has shown, however, that it was the singers' supporters who were behaving badly, rather than the singers themselves, who had worked together before in Italy and continued to work together for the Royal Academy until the directors were forced to dissolve it in 1728 owing to mounting debts.
Later career.
Unlike Cuzzoni, Faustina never returned to England. During the years 1728–1732, she was again much in evidence on the stages of major Italian cities, especially Venice. In 1730, she married the German composer, Johann Adolf Hasse, and the following year the couple were summoned to the court of Augustus the Strong at Dresden, where Faustina enjoyed a great success in her husband's opera "Cleofide". They were described by the famous librettist Metastasio as "truly an exquisite couple".
Hasse remained at the Saxon court for more than thirty years, and his wife sang in at least fifteen of the operas he composed between "Caio Fabricio" in 1734 and "Ciro riconosciuto" (1751). Faustina was, however, permitted to make many long trips to Italy, appearing again in Naples, Venice, Parma and elsewhere in operas by Pergolesi, Porpora and Vinci, alongside those of her husband. Though she retired from the theatre in 1751, Faustina kept her salary and title of "virtuosa da camera" to the Elector until the death of Augustus' successor, Frederick Augustus II in 1763.
At this point, she and her husband moved to Vienna, before removing finally to Venice in 1773. Mozart gave her a visit in 1769. They had two daughters, both trained singers. On a visit in 1772, Charles Burney described Faustina as "a short, brown, sensible, and lively old woman ... with good remains … of that beauty for which she was so much celebrated in her youth." Unlike her rival Cuzzoni, who died in poverty, Faustina had a happy and prosperous old age. She is buried together with his husband in the church of San Marcuola.
Bordoni as an artist.
The composer Quantz gave a description of Bordoni's qualities, as given to Charles Burney:
Burney himself remarked on the strength of the note E (E5) in her voice, and that half of the arias written for her by Handel are in E or A (minor or major), keys which could give this note particular prominence.

</doc>
<doc id="6980401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980401" title="Supervised classification">
Supervised classification



</doc>
<doc id="6980409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980409" title="Champione">
Champione

"Champione" is the 6th single from the Japanese band Orange Range. It was used as the theme song for the Japanese broadcast of the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany. The B-Side song "Walk On" was used as the ending theme song for the Japanese movie "Check it out yo!". Many fans find this single to be notable because three of the band members forgot their lyrics on stage while performing it for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="6980415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980415" title="Red Puckett">
Red Puckett



</doc>
<doc id="6980416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980416" title="Montreal General Hospital">
Montreal General Hospital

The Montreal General Hospital (MGH) () is a hospital in Montreal, Quebec, Canada established in the years 1818–1820. The hospital received its charter in 1823. It is currently part of the McGill University Health Centre (MUHC) and is located on Mount Royal, at the intersection of Pine Avenue (Avenue des Pins) and Côte-des-Neiges Road. It has six pavilions: A, B, C, D, E and Livingston (L); plus a research centre in a separate building next to the L pavilion.
The first MGH was built at the corner of Craig Street (today St. Antoine) and St. Lawrence Boulevard and only had 24 beds. Having outgrown this space, it moved to a new 72-bed building on Dorchester Boulevard (now René-Lévesque) between St. Dominique and De Bullion Streets; today this facility is a long-term care centre. In 1924, the hospital merged with the Western General Hospital (currently the D &amp; E wings of the former Montreal Children's Hospital) building at the corner of Tupper Street and Atwater Avenue. The current location was opened on October 4, 1955, by Mary, Princess Royal and Countess of Harewood. 
The MGH has been designated by the Quebec government as one of three Level I trauma centres in the province, the others being the Hôpital du Sacré-Cœur de Montréal and Hôpital de l'Enfant-Jésus in Quebec City.
The MGH has been affiliated with McGill since 1832 and was one of the first teaching hospitals.
In 2019, Newsweek ranked the hospital 6th in Canada and 2nd in Quebec.
History.
Fund-raising to establish an English hospital in Montreal was undertaken in the years 1818-1820 after an initial petition for a new public hospital was accidentally denied by the lowest level of the colonial government of Lower Canada at the time, the House of Assembly. The growing needs of the English-speaking population led to several charities, among them the Female Benevolent Society of Montreal and the Society for the Relief of Immigrants, to ask for help in building a new hospital. At this time, Montreal had two hospitals: the Grey Nuns' Hopital General and the Hôtel-Dieu de Montréal).
In 1819 enough money had been received to lease a building on Craig Street to accommodate 24 patients and this small hospital opened on May 1, 1819. By 1820 enough money had been subscribed to purchase property on Dorchester and St Dominique streets. The cornerstone of the new Montreal General Hospital was laid in 1821 and the 72-bed hospital building opened in 1822. The hospital received its first charter in 1823.
Famous Montreal beer-brewer John Molson of "Molson's beer" (founded in 1786 and still sold to this day under the name "Molson Canadian Lager") and his three sons John Jr., Thomas, and William contributed to the hospital financially through the purchasing of the Dorchester Street lot, the construction of the main building itself, and physically - with John Molson being the presenter of the initial petition to the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada (after being sick and seeking hospital care himself, becoming personally invested) to create a new public hospital in Montreal in 1820, however the petition would be denied only because of a procedural error. Therefore the Montreal General would become a privately funded institution.
At the same time four Edinburgh-trained physicians Andrew Fernando Holmes, William Robertson, William Caldwell and John Stephenson were working to establish medical teaching in Montreal. They founded the Montreal Medical Institution in 1823 as a teaching unit of the hospital. In 1829 the Institution became part of McGill University, then known as McGill College. It was McGill's first faculty and Canada's first faculty of medicine.
On May 30, 1955, the Montreal General Hospital moved to its present location near Mount Royal on Cedar Avenue, at the corner of Côte-des-Neiges Road and one block north of Pine Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="6980420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980420" title="St Lukes">
St Lukes



</doc>
<doc id="6980435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980435" title="Black Ivory (R&amp;B group)">
Black Ivory (R&amp;B group)



</doc>
<doc id="6980437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980437" title="GU027">
GU027



</doc>
<doc id="6980441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980441" title="Bođani">
Bođani

Bođani (Serbian Cyrillic: Бођани ) is a village located in the Bač municipality which is in the South Bačka District of Serbia. The village is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The population of Bođani numbering 1,113 people (2002 census), most of whom are ethnic Serbs.
Name.
The name of the settlement in Serbian is plural.
Demographics.
Ethnic groups (2002 census):

</doc>
<doc id="6980444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980444" title="Clinton-Macomb Public Library">
Clinton-Macomb Public Library

The Clinton-Macomb Public Library (CMPL) is a district library headquartered in Clinton Charter Township, Michigan, United States.
Formed in 1992, Clinton-Macomb Public Library has three facilities - the Main Library in Clinton Township, North Branch in Macomb Township, and the South Branch in Clinton Township. The Library has a board of eight trustees appointed by Clinton and Macomb Township officials. Funding comes from property taxes and operates as a non-profit status as a Michigan Municipal Corporation.
The Library was founded on March 16, 1992, and began operations on May 1, 1992, under State Public Act 24 of 1989 which created the initial district library agreement. The addition of certified staff and 66 open service hours qualified the Clinton-Macomb Public Library for public library certification by the State of Michigan. Once certified by the Library of Michigan, the CMPL began to receive state aid and was enabled to join the Suburban Library Cooperative.
It originally occupied space in the Community Education Wing of Seneca Middle School. In May 1997 the library board signed a lease for a storefront and the library moved from Seneca to the new location in the Campus Plaza Shopping Center.
In August 2000 the library opened its first branch. The South Branch is located in Clinton Township. The branch was designed to be a popular materials center catering to families in the immediate area. The South Branch moved to a new expanded 19,000-square-foot (1765 m2) location in 2014.
The North Branch was opened in July 2001. Also designed to be a popular materials center, the North Branch is .
On October 26, 2003, the new Main Library opened in Macomb County. The building is the largest library in Macomb County.

</doc>
<doc id="6980450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980450" title="Emotional Arithmetic">
Emotional Arithmetic

Emotional Arithmetic is a 2007 Canadian drama film directed by Paolo Barzman, based on the novel by Matt Cohen, about the emotional consequences for three Holocaust survivors when they are reunited decades later. The film stars Gabriel Byrne, Roy Dupuis, Christopher Plummer, Susan Sarandon, and Max von Sydow. It opened at the Toronto International Film Festival, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, on September 15, 2007, and was released, in Canada, on April 18, 2008.
When released by Image Entertainment on DVD in the US, on July 22, 2008, the film's title differed from that of its theatrical release; the US DVD is called Autumn Hearts: A New Beginning.
Plot.
"Emotional Arithmetic" focuses primarily on three people who formed a bond in the Drancy internment camp, where they were imprisoned by the Nazis during World War II: Jakob Bronski (Sydow), who saw goodness in two orphaned children in the camp, Melanie (Sarandon) and Christopher (Byrne), and who helped them to survive. Decades after their release from Drancy, their emotional wounds still affect their lives in different ways when they meet again.
Now in her 50s, Melanie is married to David Winters (Plummer), a cold and grouchy older professor of history, who was once her teacher and who has been unfaithful to her with his current students. A now-elderly poet, Jakob, having survived the gulag, has recently been released from a Russian psychiatric hospital. Christopher, a non-Jewish Irishman who had been interred at Drancy by mistake, now works as an entomologist in Paris.
The three are reunited at a farm in the Eastern Townships of Quebec, where Melanie and David live with their grown son, Benjamin (Dupuis), a gourmet cook, who prepares a "life-changing" meal served outside, at a table set up under a tree.
The film's title highlights the complex "emotional arithmetic" of bitterness, jealousy, and love exposed as the characters confront the past, reconcile their feelings about one another, and struggle to move on.
Critique.
Reviewing the TIFF début of the film, Rocchi writes: "Emotional Arithmetic" plays out in a series of fairly predictable scenes — resentments simmer, past pain comes to light, rapprochements are formed. "Emotional Arithmetic" tries to paint a picture of the long-term emotional effects of political atrocities, which is certainly an important topic. But, again, it feels like a film that was made to be about an important topic — it's a little too obvious, a little too on-the-nose, a little familiar. "Emotional Arithmetic" has the best of intentions; it's just that its whole is far less than the sum of the parts.
In contrast, Foundas is kinder to the film, observing that it is:less a straight matter of addition or subtraction than it is a complex algebra equation, with multiple variables that all have a bearing on the sum. It is also, much like the film that opened Toronto this year, Jeremy Podeswa's "Fugitive Pieces," another visually lush, dramatically obvious story of Holocaust survivors still wrestling with the ghosts of their past, several decades on from the end of World War II. Generally solid performances and Barzman's sensitive handling help to elevate the pic above the realm of the familiar and could result in okay arthouse biz among auds not yet exhausted by the subject matter.
Yet, echoing Marchand's title (""Munch Ado about Nothing: 'Emotional Arithmetic': Dreary by the Numbers"), in a review after the film's release, Braun observes: "How people deal with the aftermath of tragedy is a fascinating subject, but the feelings involved are never conveyed in this film. Emotional Arithmetic is all about the math, not the emotion; it's all brain and no heart as far as the filmmaking goes."

</doc>
<doc id="6980453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980453" title="Prix Corrida">
Prix Corrida

The Prix Corrida is a Group 2 flat horse race in France open to thoroughbred fillies and mares aged four years or older. It is run at Saint-Cloud over a distance of 2,100 metres (about 1 mile and 2½ furlongs), and it is scheduled to take place each year in May.
History.
The event is named after the successful mare Corrida, a dual winner of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in the 1930s. A different race with the same title was created at Le Tremblay in 1950, and it was staged each year until the venue closed in 1967. It was transferred to Vichy for the following two seasons, and it was discontinued thereafter.
The present Prix Corrida was established at Saint-Cloud in 1979, and it originally held Group 3 status. It was contested at Évry in 1994 and 1995, and at Lyon over 2,200 metres from 1996 to 1999. It was promoted to Group 2 level in 2004.
Records.
Most successful horse:
Leading jockey (5 wins):
Leading trainer (8 wins):
Leading owner (5 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="6980463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980463" title="Cariaccess Communications">
Cariaccess Communications

CariAccess Communications was a leading Internet and telecommunications company in Barbados, Saint Lucia and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. The company offered Internet service, webhosting and domain name registration services. The company was based in the country of Barbados and in all countries, it competed against its main competitor Cable and Wireless. The company was founded by a Saint Vincentian, Anthony Gunn.
History.
In 1999 CariAccess Communications, Inc had applied for several licenses to provide services in the southern Caribbean-countries of Barbados, the Commonwealth of Dominica, St. Lucia, St. Vincent, Trinidad. In the United States it also operated under the name Phone Line Co. based-in Atlanta, Georgia. CariAccess has filed several legal challenges in recent years concerning the corporate policies of Cable and Wireless in the region. These challenges were brought under the claim that C&amp;W engages in activities that are discriminatory of competing providers in the newly liberalised telecommunications markets in the Caribbean.
CariAccess previously had an agreement to merge with Barbados-based Sunbeach Communications, Inc. at which time both companies had planned to jointly form a venture with AT&amp;T Wireless. Soon after the deal collapsed for the joint-venture, another partnership with Sunbeach also fell through.
In 2007, the company's founder, Gunn passed away due to health complications. the company continued to operate for some time before winding up its operations.

</doc>
<doc id="6980472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980472" title="Marietta High">
Marietta High



</doc>
<doc id="6980473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980473" title="Sioux Empire College">
Sioux Empire College

Sioux Empire College, also known as SEC0, was a community college located near the north side of the town of Hawarden in Sioux County, Iowa. The school was founded in 1965; and, first semester was held in the fall of 1967. The college was closed in May 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="6980476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980476" title="Grizzlies Stadium">
Grizzlies Stadium



</doc>
<doc id="6980481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980481" title="Carnosaur 2">
Carnosaur 2

Carnosaur 2 is a 1995 action horror film directed by Louis Morneau, and the sequel to the 1993 film "Carnosaur". It is the second installment in the "Carnosaur" film series. It stars John Savage, Cliff DeYoung, Rick Dean, Ryan Thomas Johnson, Arabella Holzbog and Don Stroud. The film is about a team of technicians who go to the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository to investigate problems concerning power and communications. They discover that the facility has been overrun by cloned dinosaurs. The film's plot shares many similarities with the 1986 film "Aliens".
Before its predecessor had completed production, "Carnosaur 2" was already being planned by executive producer Roger Corman. Effects artist John Buechler returned for the sequel, which re-used his dinosaur models from the original "Carnosaur". Filming took place during an 18-day shoot, including a week of filming at a power plant near Castaic Lake in California. "Carnosaur 2" was released direct-to-video on February 15, 1995. It received mixed reviews; criticism was aimed at its special effects, although the cast was generally praised. The film was followed by a sequel, "", in 1996.
Plot.
At a desert facility called the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository, orphaned teenage hacker Jesse is caught trying to steal dynamite. His uncle Joe, a worker at the site, stops him. That night, unknown animals appear at the facility's mess hall and kill everyone except Jesse.
When communications from the facility cease, a repair team of civilian technicians are called in to investigate, as the site had been experiencing power issues. The team's leader, Major Tom McQuade of the Department of Defense, explains that Yucca Mountain is a military operated uranium mine, usually off limits to civilians. However, the facility has a schedule to keep, and the group was the closest team available on such short notice. The investigators find the place deserted; three go to the control room to try to reboot the computer system, while the other three form a search party. They locate Jesse, catatonic and in a state of shock, and take him to the control room.
The team realizes that the issues with the communications equipment cannot be resolved from the control room, concluding that they must venture down into the facility to find the cause of the problem. Although the lowest levels are classified, the team proceeds to investigate them as well, despite objections from McQuade. Helicopter pilot Galloway and computer expert Moses stay in the control center with Jesse. When an animal kills team member Kahane, the rest of the crew flee the lower floors. Jesse, listening to their radio chatter, realizes what happened and flees the room just before a "Velociraptor" appears and kills Moses. Galloway flees to the helicopter and starts the engine. Before the crew can reach her, a "Velociraptor" in the back seat attacks her. During a struggle, the helicopter is inadvertently lifted. The dinosaur kills Galloway and the helicopter crashes, stranding the crew.
The group returns to the control room. They demand answers from McQuade, who reluctantly reveals the dinosaurs' origins: two months earlier, a biotech firm had been working with fossilized DNA and genetic experiments, finding a way to recreate dinosaurs. The government had sent in a team to contain the situation, and dozens of eggs were discovered and were stored at Yucca Mountain. The dinosaurs later hatched and killed the facility workers. Jesse informs the team of the facility's dynamite, and they decide to use it to blow up the plant and its dinosaurs, despite McQuade's objections. McQuade eventually says that the lower levels of the facility are a repository for atomic waste, including dozens of warheads. Radiation is now leaking from a containment unit, damaged by the dinosaurs, and a repository failure will occur in less than two hours, potentially setting off the warheads.
Jesse devises a plan to crash the computers to send the site into emergency mode, which should get an evacuation squad to rescue them. Following the plan, the group begins making their way back to the surface, using dynamite rigged with tripwires to hold off the dinosaurs while getting to the elevator. A "Velociraptor" breaks into the elevator and kills Rawlins. The elevator's cables snap and it crashes. After they escape the elevator, Monk is injured as he accidentally activates a tripwire while fleeing from a "Velociraptor". Too injured to walk, Monk and McQuade blow themselves up to kill the remaining "Velociraptors".
Jesse and Reed continue onward, but Reed trips over a wire and dangles from a platform, eventually suffering a long fall. Jesse reaches the surface and finds the evacuation team waiting, but they refuse to retrieve Reed due to the facility's imminent explosion. Jesse runs back in himself and helps Reed. En route to the rescue helicopter, they narrowly avoid a "Tyrannosaurus rex".
Jesse runs back and grabs the remote detonator to trigger the remaining dynamite. The "T. rex" bursts out of the building and kills a rescue team member. Jesse gets in a telescopic handler and uses it to battle the dinosaur, eventually pushing it down an elevator shaft. The helicopter takes off, and Jesse detonates the rest of the dynamite, destroying the facility and preventing a meltdown.
Production and release.
Before the completion of "Carnosaur" (1993), executive producer Roger Corman already wanted a sequel. "Carnosaur 2" writer Michael Palmer said that everybody felt the first film would do well, and Roger wanted to be ready with a sequel. Effects artist John Carl Buechler said that because "Carnosaur" was the most successful film ever made by Corman and his company New Horizons, they had to make a sequel. Palmer's first draft of the script was finished in three weeks, and it underwent two rewrites. The film's ending battle, with a "T. rex" against a forklift, is a recreation of its predecessor's finale. While "Carnosaur" is considered a horror film, Palmer wrote the sequel as an action film, although some reviewers consider it a horror film as well. The sequel's plot has many similarities to the 1986 film "Aliens", directed by James Cameron.
"Carnosaur 2" was directed by Louis Morneau, who originally was going to direct the first film, but had to pass because of commitment to another project. For the cast, John Savage and Don Stroud were Morneau's first choices. The film's budget was similar to its predecessor, which had a reported budget between $800,000 and $1.5 million. Like the original film, shooting lasted 18 days. This included a week of filming at a power plant near Castaic Lake in California. Steadicam was used for a large portion of the filming. Shooting typically lasted 12 to 16 hours a day.
Buechler and Magical Media Industries returned to create the special effects for "Carnosaur 2", which re-used the same dinosaur models from the first film, saving the production team money. The dinosaurs had been made with foam latex, which has a limited lifespan. The dinosaurs' mechanical parts also did not move as accurately, as a year had passed since the models were created. The dinosaurs received touch-ups for "Carnosaur 2". The "Velociraptors" were portrayed through puppetry and a creature suit; the latter was altered to make the animals look more like the raptors in "Jurassic Park". Miniature effects, created by Anthony Doublin, were also used on the film. Buechler had more freedom on "Carnosaur 2" compared to its predecessor. After filming, a week of post-production work was spent working on the dinosaur effects.
Originally, Corman planned to release the film theatrically in autumn 1994, although it eventually was released direct-to-video on February 15, 1995. It was released on DVD on April 18, 2000.
Reception.
The "Houston Chronicle" wrote that the film "takes an exploitation-film approach to "Jurassic Park". That is to say, it's cheap and shamelessly derivative. Yet it also sports a fine cast, including two-time Oscar nominee John Savage, and is galvanized by the scrappy resourcefulness and unpretentious spirit that low-budget filmmaking allows". The "New York Daily News" considered "Carnosaur 2" an improvement over the original film, and praised the cast, especially Savage and Stroud. "Missoulian" criticized the special effects but praised Savage's performance, and wrote that the film was done with "energy and a bit of style and a tiny bit of wit". J.R. Taylor of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the film a "B+" and called it an ""Aliens" rip-off".
Brian J. Dillard of AllMovie rated it one star out of five and criticized the dinosaur effects, while stating: "The best that can be said of "Carnosaur 2" is that it gives good gore". TV Guide considered the film derivative and predictable, rating it two stars out of five. It wrote that Morneau and the cast "do what they can, but their efforts are further hamstrung by the lack of menacing monsters". TV Guide stated that the dinosaurs "look no more realistic than they did in the first film, but at least Morneau appears to recognize this, and films their attacks in quick flashes for the first half of the movie".
Critic John Kenneth Muir, in 2011, rated it one and a half stars out of four, and noted the similarities with "Aliens". He considered the film an improvement over its predecessor, calling the sets "decent" and stating that the cast performances were largely acceptable. He also made note of Rawlins' death: "Before this scene, she had 'final girl' written all over her, so her death is authentically surprising".
In 2013, critic Mike Mayo wrote that the acting was above average, and that Morneau "keeps things moving quickly enough that the plot lapses and less-than-stellar special effects aren't fatal". Mayo also stated that the film's dialogue has "that gritty quality" that made Cameron's early films "so much fun".

</doc>
<doc id="6980487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980487" title="Lucy Monostone">
Lucy Monostone



</doc>
<doc id="6980496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980496" title="French ship Le Malin">
French ship Le Malin

Four ships of the French Navy have borne the name Le Malin ("clever one" in French, or alternatively "the naughty" or "the devil").

</doc>
<doc id="6980500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980500" title="Gaelic broadcasting in Scotland">
Gaelic broadcasting in Scotland

Gaelic broadcasting in Scotland is a developing area of the media in Scotland which deals with broadcasts given in Scottish Gaelic and has important links with the efforts of Gaelic revival in Scotland. As well as being informative, Gaelic broadcasting in Scotland has acquired some symbolic importance. Whilst opinion polls show that the vast majority of Gaels feel they have been ill-served by broadcasting media, Scotland now has Gaelic broadcasting all over Scotland both on television and radio.
History.
1923–1945.
The first BBC radio broadcast in the Gaelic language was aired throughout Scotland on Sunday 2 December 1923; this was a 15-minute religious address by Rev. John Bain, recorded in the High United Free Church in Aberdeen. Two weeks later, a recital of Gaelic singing was broadcast, though it was introduced in English.
The first regular programme was singer Neil MacLean's ('Stories and songs'), broadcast from the Aberdeen studio. The first Gaelic radio play, entitled , was aired in 1933. It is perhaps indicative of the status of Gaelic broadcasting at this time that the producer of knew no Gaelic.
A series of lessons for Gaelic learners was broadcast in 1935. In 1936, Scotland's first outside broadcast was a Gaelic service from Iona Abbey. In 1939 a weekly Gaelic news review was launched.
In 1935, Hugh MacPhee was appointed head of the BBC's first Gaelic department, which moved to Glasgow in 1938; this seems to have been the first attempt to put Gaelic broadcasting on a serious footing.
In 1940, requested an increase of output to two news programmes and a children's programme each week. This was refused, which resulted in questions being raised in the House of Commons.
The post-war years.
After the Second World War, Finlay J. Macdonald (later co-founder of ) joined Hugh MacPhee in the Glasgow studios; he was replaced in 1954 by Fred Macaulay. With two full-time producers, the regular programming was expanded to 90 minutes per week. There was a Friday evening news slot which George Orwell, writing at that time in Jura, criticised for its "amateurishness". A number of radio plays were produced, including , a translation by Lachlan MacKinnon of Henrik Ibsen's "The Wild Duck" (1951).
Television.
Because few areas of the West Highlands and virtually none of the islands could receive television signals before the early 1960s, Gaelic TV was not an issue at first, though there had been coverage of the . As with radio, Gaelic TV broadcasting began with Gaelic songs introduced in English, such as ('Music of the Gaels'), introduced by James Shaw Grant (1962). The first genuine Gaelic TV programme was in the light entertainment category: ('You're welcome') in 1964. The first current affairs television series, , was launched in 1970. The first Gaelic educational programme began in 1971. Gaelic schools programmes began in 1975. The first Gaelic children's TV programme, , was aired in 1977, followed by "Bzzz" in 1981, and the first programme for pre-school children, , in 1982. The pre-school "classic" was broadcast from 1985.
Radio Highland.
In 1976, BBC Radio Highland began broadcasting from Inverness. In 1979, BBC opened in Stornoway with starting in October 1985.
1980–2000.
The Thatcher government increased the funding for Gaelic broadcasting, largely because of Scottish Secretary George Younger's personal enthusiasm for the Gaelic community. With the funding the BBC were able to produce a small number of children's Gaelic programmes during term-time starting in October 1985, with , and "Bzzz". BBC One Scotland broadcast the programmes in the morning usually before "Children's BBC" at 10:1010:30am, before moving to 9:45am in October 1986 as part of new BBC Daytime line up. Since then, the timeslots have varied for children's Gaelic programmes during the daytime hours varying from around 9am – 2pm on BBC One Scotland between 1987 and 1995, From October 1995, The new timeslots were mostly in the mid-afternoon (3pm – 3:30pm from October 1995 - June 1998 and subsequently 2:55pm – 3:25pm from January 1999 - June 2002) with an occasional lunchtime slot at around 12 - 1pm (12:05pm – 12:30pm from February 1996 - May 1996 and again in January - March 1997, 12:25pm – 12:50pm from October - December 1998 and 12:30pm – 1pm from February - June 1999 and briefly in November 2001). The BBC introduced a new two-hour Thursday evening Gaelic block on BBC Two Scotland in September 1993, including , Gaelic comedy, documentaries, music, and current affairs . The programming block has continued until April 2011, virtually all the programmes were moved to BBC ALBA following the completion of the digital switchover with the exception of Children's Gaelic programmes which continued to be broadcast on weekday mornings during CBeebies until March 2013 and the long-running current affairs programme Eòrpa until January 2019. Eòrpa is currently being repeated on BBC Parliament on Saturday nights.
The Broadcasting Act 1990 established a Gaelic Television Fund, administered by a Gaelic Television Committee (). The committee were given a £9 million budget, which was given independent producers, BBC, Grampian and STV. Grampian was required to broadcast in Gaelic for nearly an hour a day on average and STV for half an hour, which included a weekly 30mins slot in peak time. This was originally every weekday at 6:30pm before programmes were spread out, to late night and weekends. Programmes included ("Win, Lose or Draw"), , , and more others.
The Broadcasting Act 1996 resulted in improved funding, and also renamed the funding body 'Gaelic Broadcasting Committee' (). In 1999 , the first Gaelic language TV channel was launched, which broadcast daily for one hour (between 6pm and 7pm) on Digital Freeview. was established in October 1999 as the first dedicated Gaelic TV channel in Scotland and provided a limited Gaelic service on Freeview until May 2011. Broadcasts were limited to an hour slot between the hours of 6pm and 7pm. The channel stopped broadcasting in May 2011 and was displaced by BBC ALBA.
21st-century Gaelic broadcasting.
Television.
On 11 February 2002, "CBeebies Alba" was launched as the new programming slot for Children's Gaelic Programmes, initially broadcast on BBC One Scotland at 2:55pm – 3:25pm every weekday from the initial launch, BBC One Scotland stopped showing Children's Gaelic programmes (which for some reason had Channel 4's "Natalie" programme as part of the slot starting in 1993) in June 2002 (with the exception of the children's Mod repeat until October 2009) and they moved to BBC Two Scotland during CBeebies under the name "CBeebies ", beginning in November 2002, Like BBC One Scotland, The timeslot varied in the earlier years. Initially it was broadcast from 9am to 9:30am from November 2002 to June 2003, later at 8:309am from October to December 2003. For a while it was at 9:3010am from January - June 2004 but moved back to 8:309am from October 2004 until December 2012 and from 7:50am - 8:20am for a brief period in January - March 2013. In between it has come on at different times in the school holidays at 10:2510:50am in April 2003, 9:4010:10am in April 2004, and 7:308am from July 2006 to September 2010.
Following the removal of children's shows from the mainstream channels BBC One and Two after the completion of the digital switchover, the programming slot was discontinued and all programmes moved to BBC Alba. Children's programmes along with other Gaelic programming can be seen every day on BBC Alba 57pm. It broadcasts until midnight (sometimes 1am due to sports coverage).
BBC Alba is a joint venture channel between the BBC and . It is the first channel to be delivered under a BBC licence by a partnership. It broadcasts for up to seven hours a day in the evening. BBC Alba is broadcast on Freeview in Scotland as well as satellite and cable television providers and BBC iPlayer in the UK.
The popular Gaelic drama "Bannan" was first broadcast in 2014.
Radio.
 is the most widely broadcast Scottish Gaelic radio station and is available on FM frequencies throughout Scotland; webcast on the BBC website; and on cable and satellite channels in the United Kingdom. Gaelic language programmes are broadcast during the day from Monday to Saturday and the channel joins BBC Radio Scotland after closing transmission. Gaelic and bi-lingual programmes also feature on several north-west coast local radio stations, including Two Lochs Radio, Isles FM, An Radio and . A bilingual Scottish Pop Chart show, produced to commission by MFR (Moray Firth Radio) in Inverness is also broadcast each week on several of these stations.
Broadcasting for Gaelic learners.
The broadcasting media have also carried Gaelic lessons for learners of the language. The first was a short radio series in 1934, six fortnightly Gaelic lessons in Gaelic by J. Nicolson. The weekly series "Learning Gaelic" by Edward Purcell with John M Bannerman and Archie Henry began in 1949.
Among the early BBC TV courses for beginners' Gaelic was (1979). The current series for beginners is "Speaking our Language", which is now repeated regularly on BBC ALBA. In 2021, BBC Alba, in collaboration with Sabhal Mòr Ostaig and the Scottish Government, introduced 'SpeakGaelic', presented by Joy Dunlop. 
With the spread of Gaelic-medium units in primary schools, attended also by children from English-speaking households, there was a need for education series aimed at children in the early stages of immersion-phase language-learning: (TV) and (Radio) both appeared in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="6980505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980505" title="Cairo Rail Bridge">
Cairo Rail Bridge

Cairo Rail Bridge is the name of two bridges crossing the Ohio River near Cairo, Illinois in the United States. The original was an 1889 George S. Morison through-truss and deck truss bridge, replaced by the current bridge in 1952. The second and current bridge is a through-truss bridge that reused many of the original bridge piers. As of 2018, trains like the "City of New Orleans" travel over the Ohio River supported by the same piers whose construction began in 1887.
Original bridge.
On July 1, 1887, construction began on the first caisson for the foundations of the bridge piers. The first caisson descended into the riverbed at a rate of around per day. Two men died and several more were seriously injured sealing the first caisson at a depth of . Despite increased precautions following the deaths, a total of five men died of decompression sickness during construction. February 19, 1889, the last pier was completed. The first train crossed the bridge from Illinois to Kentucky on October 29, 1889. Work continued until it was turned over to the railroad on March 1, 1890. Total cost of the structure exceeded $2.6 million, with nearly $1.2 million for the substructure alone. In order to comply with regulations meant to allow steam boat travel on the Ohio, the bridge was required to be above the river's high-water mark. This resulted in the structure extending nearly from the bottom of the deepest foundation to the top of the highest iron work. The bridge, substructure and superstructure weighed 194.6 million pounds (88,270 t), excluding the approaches.
On October 31, 1895, a magnitude 6.6 earthquake on the New Madrid Seismic Zone with an epicenter at Charleston, Missouri, cracked a pier on the bridge. The quake is the biggest quake since the 1812 New Madrid earthquake which at 8.3 was the biggest recorded quake in the contiguous United States.
Cairo bridge's two main spans were the longest pin-connected Whipple truss spans ever built. Pier IX, the largest, alone weighed . At the time, the bridge was the largest and most expensive ever undertaken in the United States. At , it was the longest metallic structure in the world. Its total length was including wooden approach trestles. Its construction completed the first rail link between Chicago and New Orleans and revolutionized north–south rail travel along the Mississippi River.

</doc>
<doc id="6980506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980506" title="Hōjō Tokiyuki (Scouting)">
Hōjō Tokiyuki (Scouting)

 was an educator, mathematician and politician in Meiji period Japan. He was the twelfth head of Gakushūin Peers’ School, and an early Japanese Scouting notable.
Biography.
Hōjō was born as the second son of a samurai retainer of the Maeda clan of Kanazawa Domain, (now Kanazawa City, Ishikawa Prefecture. His family claimed descent from the famous Hōjō family of Kamakura. His name as a child was .
In 1885, Hōjō graduated from the Mathematics Department, Science Faculty of Tokyo Imperial University. He was hired as a teacher at Ishikawa Prefectural Technical School in his home town of Kanazawa, but returned to Tokyo in 1888 to attend the graduate school of Tokyo Imperial University. In 1894, he became deputy principal of Yamaguchi High School in Yamaguchi Prefecture, becoming principal of the same school in 1896. However, in 1898, he was transferred to assume the job of principal of Ishikawa Prefecture Technical School, which had by that time been renamed the Fourth High School. He then transferred in 1902 to become first principal of Hiroshima Normal High School (now Hiroshima University).
In 1908, Hōjō attended an international conference on morality in London, England, at the request of Japanese Minister of Culture, . One of the reasons for his trip was to conduct a survey of the British Scouting organization, and its applicability towards furthering the Japanese government's program of instilling moral education in schools. He returned to Japan with Scout uniforms and documents on Scouting, and took an active role in promoting the Japanese Scouting movement in Hiroshima and elsewhere in Japan.
In 1913, Hōjō was appointed head of Tohoku Imperial University. He became head of the Gakushūin Peers's School in 1917.
In 1920, Hōjō became an advisor to the Imperial Court, and was appointed a member of the House of Peers of the Diet of Japan.
On April 27, 1929, he died of liver cancer, aged 71.
Sources.
Much of this article was translated from the , as referenced on December 23, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="6980508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980508" title="R.A.G.E.">
R.A.G.E.



</doc>
<doc id="6980512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980512" title="Multipotentiality">
Multipotentiality

Multipotentiality is an educational and psychological term referring to the ability and preference of a person, particularly one of strong intellectual or artistic curiosity, to excel in two or more different fields.
It can also refer to an individual whose interests span multiple fields or areas, rather than being strong in just one. Such traits are called multipotentialities, while "multipotentialites" has been suggested as a name for those with this trait.
By contrast, those whose interests lie mostly within a single field are called "specialists".
History.
Etymology.
An early instance of the term in the record comes from relevant research in giftedness.
In 1972, R.H. Frederickson et al. defined a multipotentialed person as someone who, "when provided with appropriate environments, can select and develop a number of competencies to a high level".
On October 22, 2008, Douglas Hannay began a blog that lasted some eight years. His first blog referred to multipotentializing as excelling in multiple fields of energy. The blog was then copied in its entirety to Facebook on September 22, 2016, after viewing Emilie Wapnick's TED talk on being a multipotentialite during October 2015.
In 2010, multipotentiality appeared again in Tamara Fisher's article in "Education Week". She defines it thus:
During 2015, Emilie Wapnick coined the term "multipotentialite", perhaps to establish a shared identity for the community. They define it this way:
Relevant terminology.
While the term "multipotentialite" is often used interchangeably with polymath or Renaissance Person, the terms are not identical. One need not be an expert in any particular field to be a multipotentialite.
Indeed, Isis Jade makes a clear distinction between multipotentiality and polymaths. Multipotentiality refers simply to one's potential in multiple fields owing to his/her diverse interests and attempts. Polymaths, on the other hand, are distinguished by their mastery and expertise in several fields. In this sense, multipotentialites can be viewed as potential polymaths.
Other terms used to refer to multipotentialites are "scanners", "slashers", "generalist", "multipassionate", "RP2", and "multipods", among others.
Context.
With the advent of the industrial age, cultural norms have shifted in favor of specialization. Indeed, in the modern day, the more narrow the specialization, the higher the pay and respect accorded, for example: PhD graduates, and specialized lawyers, doctors, and engineers. The aphorism Jack of all trades, master of none emphasizes this. Older emphasis towards generalism and multiple potentials such as Renaissance humanism and the Renaissance man were replaced.
However, the convergence economy, Internet age, connectivity, the rise of the Creative Class, and other modern developments are bringing about a return of a more positive opinion for generalists and multipotentialites.
In Specialization, Polymaths And The Pareto Principle In A Convergence Economy, Jake Chapman writes:
Business.
Organizations such as startups that require adaptability and holding multiple roles can employ several multipotentialites and have one specialist as a resource.
In Specialization, Polymaths And The Pareto Principle In A Convergence Economy, Chapman said:
Stretch Magazine discusses the role of multipotentialites in organizations and how they will believe they will be more in demand in the future.
Criticism of specialization.
Historical context, current conventional wisdom, comparative advantage, USP, among others contribute to the wide acceptance of specialization.
Proponents of specialization above cite excellence and its perceived higher rewards compared to mediocrity in everything. Proponents of multiple capabilities below emphasize the importance of adaptability.
In "Master of Many Trades", Robert Twigger goes so far as to coin the word "monopath": "It means a person with a narrow mind, a one-track brain, a bore, a super-specialist, an expert with no other interests — in other words, the role-model of choice in the Western world."
This sentiment is not new. In Time Enough for Love (1973), Robert A. Heinlein wrote:
In an article on the decline of polymathy, Felipe Fernández-Armesto wrote, "Universities bear some responsibility for its extinction. Classical Greece, Renaissance Italy and Victorian England all revered and rewarded generalists, for whom today universities have little or no space or patience. Enclosed departments in discrete spaces, with their own journals and jargons, are a legacy of lamentable, out-of-date ways of organising knowledge and work."
Impact.
In a world that overvalues specialization, the term and its increasing popularity (especially among the blogging community) have contributed to the revival of awareness on the importance of generalists. It was even used in a competition's training session.
In the current economy, Creativity and the rise of the Creative Class are linked to divergent thinking and innovative solutions to current problems. Because new ideas can be found in the intersection of multiple fields, they would benefit from the advantages of multipotentialites.

</doc>
<doc id="6980515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980515" title="Marks and spencer">
Marks and spencer



</doc>
<doc id="6980517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980517" title="Old Gorhambury House">
Old Gorhambury House

Old Gorhambury House located near St Albans, Hertfordshire, England, is a ruined Elizabethan mansion, a leading and early example of the Elizabethan prodigy house.
History.
The old house.
It was built in 1563–68 by Sir Nicholas Bacon, Lord Keeper, and was visited a number of times by Queen Elizabeth I. It is a Grade I listed building. 
The house was built partly from bricks taken from the old Abbey buildings at St Albans, then in process of demolition following the Benedictine priory's dissolution some 25 years earlier. It was used as a residence by his youngest son, the polymath (scientist, philosopher, statesman and essayist) Sir Francis Bacon, before being bequeathed by him to his former secretary, Sir Thomas Meautys, who married Anne Bacon, the great-granddaughter of Sir Nicholas.
The estate passed in 1652 to Anne's second husband Sir Harbottle Grimston, Master of the Rolls and Speaker in the Convention Parliament of 1660. The estate is owned by the Grimston family to the present day, having been passed via Harbottle Grimston's son Samuel, who died childless in 1700, to his great-nephew William Luckyn, who in turn became the first Viscount Grimston in 1719.
The house fell into ruin after the construction of New Gorhambury House in the 18th century, but was retained as a feature within landscaped parkland. The surviving remains include a two-storey porch, chapel and clock tower.
The new house.
In the years 1777–84, the current Palladian-style Gorhambury House was built nearby. Designed by Sir Robert Taylor and commissioned by James Bucknall Grimston, 3rd Viscount Grimston, it replaced Old Gorhambury House. It remains the home of the Earl of Verulam.
The current house is a member of Historic Houses and is open for tours at certain times.
Garden.
The mason and sculptor William Cure the Elder, father of Cornelius Cure, made and installed a fountain at Redgrave Hall in September 1568. At this time, Bacon was making improvements at both houses, and the masons who made the steps for the fountain at Redgrave were also employed at Gorhambury. A statue of a male water-bearer in Elizabethan dress survives from the Redgrave gardens. It has been suggested that William Cure may have been responsible for contemporary features at Gorhambury. Bacon built similar long walks or avenues from the house to the pale of the park at Redgrave and Gorhambury.
The "pondyards", the remains of water garden near the River Ver, were scheduled in 2020 under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Areas Act 1979. The feature was laid out in the 17th century for Sir Francis Bacon, possibly adapting preexisting ponds.
Access.
The site is maintained by English Heritage and is free to visit.

</doc>
<doc id="6980532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980532" title="Miss World Sports">
Miss World Sports



</doc>
<doc id="6980533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980533" title="Thrust tectonics">
Thrust tectonics

Thrust tectonics or contractional tectonics is concerned with the structures formed by, and the tectonic processes associated with, the shortening and thickening of the crust or lithosphere. It is one of the three main types of tectonic regime, the others being extensional tectonics and strike-slip tectonics. These match the three types of plate boundary, convergent (thrust), divergent (extensional) and transform (strike-slip). There are two main types of thrust tectonics, thin-skinned and thick-skinned, depending on whether or not basement rocks are involved in the deformation. The principle geological environments where thrust tectonics is observed are zones of continental collision, restraining bends on strike-slip faults and as part of detached fault systems on some passive margins.
Deformation styles.
In areas of thrust tectonics, two main processes are recognized: thin-skinned deformation and thick-skinned deformation. The distinction is important as attempts to structurally restore the deformation will give very different results depending on the assumed geometry.
Thin-skinned deformation.
Thin-skinned deformation refers to shortening that only involves the sedimentary cover. This style is typical of many fold and thrust belts developed in the foreland of a collisional zone. This is particularly the case where a good basal decollement exists such as salt or a zone of high pore fluid pressure.
Thick-skinned deformation.
Thick-skinned deformation refers to shortening that involves basement rocks rather than just the overlying cover. This type of geometry is typically found in the hinterland of a collisional zone. This style may also occur in the foreland where no effective decollement surface is present or where pre-existing extensional rift structures may be inverted.
Geological environments associated with thrust tectonics.
Collisional zones.
The most significant areas of thrust tectonics are associated with destructive plate boundaries leading to the formation of orogenic belts. The two main types are: the collision of two continental tectonic plates (for example the Arabian plate and Eurasian plate, which formed the Zagros fold and thrust belt) and collisions between a continent and an island arc such as that which formed Taiwan.
Restraining bends on strike-slip faults.
When a strike-slip fault is offset along strike such that the resulting bend in the fault hinders easy movement, e.g. a right stepping bend on a sinistral (left-lateral) fault, this will cause local shortening or transpression. Examples include the 'Big Bend' region of the San Andreas Fault, and parts of the Dead Sea Transform.
Passive margins.
Passive margins are characterised by large prisms of sedimentary material deposited since the original break-up of a continent associated with formation of a new spreading centre. This wedge of material will tend to spread under gravity and, where an effective detachment layer is present such as salt, the extensional faulting that forms at the landward side will be balanced at the front of the wedge by a series of "toe-thrusts". Examples include the outboard part of the Niger delta (with an overpressured mudstone detachment) and the Angola margin (with a salt detachment).

</doc>
<doc id="6980535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980535" title="CRAP">
CRAP



</doc>
<doc id="6980542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980542" title="1991 AFC Women's Championship">
1991 AFC Women's Championship

The 1991 AFC Women's Championship was an international women's football tournament held in Fukuoka, Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan from 26 May to 8 June 1991. It was the 8th staging of the AFC Women's Championship. The 1991 AFC Women's Championship, consisting of nine teams, served as the AFC's qualifying tournament for the 1991 FIFA Women's World Cup. Asia's three berths were given to the two finalists - China and Japan - and the winner of the third place play-off, Chinese Taipei.
Knockout stage.
Semi-finals.
Winners qualified for 1991 FIFA Women's World Cup.
Third place match.
Winner qualified for 1991 FIFA Women's World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="6980544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980544" title="Hōjō Tokiyuki (samurai)">
Hōjō Tokiyuki (samurai)



</doc>
<doc id="6980553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980553" title="Conulariids">
Conulariids



</doc>
<doc id="6980556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980556" title="Somewhere Out There">
Somewhere Out There

Somewhere Out There may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6980567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980567" title="V.29">
V.29



</doc>
<doc id="6980575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980575" title="GU029">
GU029



</doc>
<doc id="6980576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980576" title="M. S. Narasimhan">
M. S. Narasimhan

Mudumbai Seshachalu Narasimhan (7 June 1932 – 15 May 2021) was an Indian mathematician. His focus areas included number theory, algebraic geometry, representation theory, and partial differential equations. He was a pioneer in the study of moduli spaces of holomorphic vector bundles on projective varieties. His work is considered the foundation for Kobayashi–Hitchin correspondence that links differential geometry and algebraic geometry of vector bundles over complex manifolds. He was also known for his collaboration with mathematician C. S. Seshadri, for their proof of the Narasimhan–Seshadri theorem which proved the necessary conditions for stable vector bundles on a Riemann surface.
He was a recipient of the Padma Bhushan, India's third highest civilian honor, in 1990, and the Ordre national du Mérite from France in 1989. He was an elected Fellow of the Royal Society, London. He was also the recipient of Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize in 1975 and was the only Indian to receive the King Faisal International Prize in the field of science.
Early life.
Narasimhan was born on 7 June 1932 into a rural family in Tandarai in present day Tamil Nadu, as the eldest among five children. His family hailed from the North Arcot district. After his early education in rural part of the country, he joined Loyola College in Madras for his undergraduate education. Here he studied under Father Charles Racine, a French Jesuit professor, who in turn had studied under the French mathematician and geometer Élie Cartan. He joined the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR), Bombay, for his graduate studies in 1953. He obtained his Ph.D. from the University of Mumbai in 1960 where his advisor was the mathematician K. S. Chandrasekharan, who was known for his work on number theory.
Career.
Narasimhan started his career in 1960 when he joined the faculty of the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR); he later went on to become an honorary fellow. His areas of focus while at TIFR included studying partial differential operators and elliptic operators. During this time, he visited France under the invitation of Laurent Schwartz and was exposed to the works of other French mathematicians including Jean-Pierre Serre, Claude Chevalley, Élie Cartan, and Jean Leray. He contracted pleurisy during his time in France and was hospitalized. He would later recount the incident as exposing him to the "real France" and further strengthening his leftist sympathies which were already triggered by his interactions with the Trotskyist Schwartz.
During his time in France he also collaborated with Japanese mathematician Takeshi Kotake working on the analyticity theorems for determining specific types of elliptic operators that satisfied Cauchy–Schwarz inequalities. His work with Kotake was known as the Kotake–Narasimhan theorem for elliptic operators in the setting of ultradifferentiable functions.
He collaborated with Indian mathematician C. S. Seshadri for the ground-breaking Narasimhan–Seshadri theorem which has been at the core of algebraic geometry and number theory for over half a century. The theorem derived the relation between the purely algebraic notion of stable vector bundles on Riemann surfaces. The theorem made a connection between two areas of modern geometry viz. differential geometry and algebraic geometry. Both Seshadri and Narasimhan were elected Fellows of the Royal Society for their work on this topic. He also collaborated with mathematician R. R. Simha on proving the existence of moduli of general type complex structures on a real analytic manifold. These measures were called Simha–Narasimhan measures on Riemann surfaces.
For his work, Narasimhan was considered a pioneer in the study of moduli spaces of holomorphic vector bundles on projective varieties. His work is considered the foundation for Kobayashi–Hitchin correspondence that links differential geometry and algebraic geometry of vector bundles over complex manifolds.
When the National Board of Higher Mathematics was established in India, Narasimhan was the first chairman of the board. In 1992, Narasimhan retired from TIFR, and became the head of the research group in Mathematics at the International Centre for Theoretical Physics in Trieste. He had also served as a visiting scholar at the Institute for Advanced Study, in Princeton, New Jersey in 1968. After retiring from ICTP, he settled in Bangalore.
He was a Fellow of the Royal Society, London as well as recipient of French National Order of Merit in 1989. He was awarded the Padma Bhushan, India's third highest civilian honor, in 1990. He was also the recipient of the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize in 1975, Third World Academy of Sciences Prize for Mathematics in 1987, and the Srinivasa Ramanujan Medal in 1988. He was also the recipient of the King Faisal International Prize for Science in 2006, an award that he won jointly with mathematician Simon Donaldson, Imperial College. As of 2021, he was the only Indian to have won the King Faisal International Prize for Science. Also in 2021, he became a laureate of the Asian Scientist 100 by the "Asian Scientist".
Personal life.
Narasimhan was married to Sakuntala Narasimhan, a classical musician, journalist and a consumer rights activist. The couple had a daughter, Shobhana Narasimhan, a scientist and professor at Jawaharlal Nehru Centre for Advanced Scientific Research, and a son. Narasimhan was interested in Indian classical music, contemporary art and painting, as well as Tamil literature.
Narasimhan died on 15 May 2021, in Bangalore at the age of 88. He had been undergoing treatment for cancer for the previous year.

</doc>
<doc id="6980580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980580" title="Kieffer">
Kieffer

Kieffer is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6980582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980582" title="Jasper Daniel">
Jasper Daniel



</doc>
<doc id="6980583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980583" title="International Commission on Radiological Protection">
International Commission on Radiological Protection

The International Commission on Radiological Protection (ICRP) is an independent, international, non-governmental organization, with the mission to protect people, animals, and the environment from the harmful effects of ionising radiation. Its recommendations form the basis of radiological protection policy, regulations, guidelines and practice worldwide.
The ICRP was effectively founded in 1928 at the second International Congress of Radiology in Stockholm, Sweden but was then called the International X-ray and Radium Protection Committee (IXRPC). In 1950 it was restructured to take account of new uses of radiation outside the medical area and re-named as the ICRP.
The ICRP is a sister organisation to the International Commission on Radiation Units and Measurements (ICRU). In general terms ICRU defines the units, and ICRP recommends, develops and maintains the international system of radiological protection which uses these units.
Operation.
The ICRP is a not-for-profit organization registered as a charity in the United Kingdom and has its scientific secretariat in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
It is an independent, international organization with more than two hundred volunteer members from approximately thirty countries on six continents, who represent the world's leading scientists and policy makers in the field of radiological protection.
The International System of Radiological Protection has been developed by ICRP based on the current understanding of the science of radiation exposures and effects, and value judgements. These value judgements take into account societal expectations, ethics, and experience gained in application of the system.
The work of the Commission centres on the operation of four main committees:
Supporting these committees are Task Groups, established primarily to develop ICRP publications.
The ICRP's key output is the production of regular publications disseminating information and recommendations through the "Annals of the ICRP".
International Symposia.
These have become one of the main means of communicating advances by the ICRP in the form of technical presentations and reports from various committees drawn from the international radiological protection community. They have been held every two years since 2011.
History.
Early dangers.
A year after Röntgen's discovery of X-rays in 1895, the American engineer Wolfram Fuchs gave what was probably the first radiation protection advice, but many early users of X-rays were initially unaware of the hazards and protection was rudimentary or non-existent.
The dangers of radioactivity and radiation were not immediately recognized. The discovery of X‑rays had led to widespread experimentation by scientists, physicians, and inventors, but many people began recounting stories of burns, hair loss and worse in technical journals as early as 1896. In February 1896 Professor Daniel and Dr. Dudley of Vanderbilt University performed an experiment involving X-raying Dudley's head that resulted in his hair loss. A report by Dr. H.D. Hawks, a graduate of Columbia College, of his suffering severe hand and chest burns in an x-ray demonstration, was the first of many other reports in "Electrical Review".
Many experimenters including Elihu Thomson at Thomas Edison's lab, William J. Morton, and Nikola Tesla also reported burns. Elihu Thomson deliberately exposed a finger to an X-ray tube over a period of time and suffered pain, swelling, and blistering. Other effects, including ultraviolet rays and ozone were sometimes blamed for the damage. Many physicians claimed that there were no effects from X-ray exposure at all.
Emergence of international standards – the ICR.
Wide acceptance of ionizing radiation hazards was slow to emerge, and it was not until 1925 that the establishment of international radiological protection standards was discussed at the first International Congress of Radiology (ICR).
The second ICR was held in Stockholm in 1928 and the ICRU proposed the adoption of the roentgen unit; and the 'International X-ray and Radium Protection Committee' (IXRPC) was formed. Rolf Sievert was named Chairman, and a driving force was George Kaye of the British National Physical Laboratory.
The committee met for just a day at each of the ICR meetings in Paris in 1931, Zurich in 1934, and Chicago in 1937. At the 1934 meeting in Zurich, the Commission was faced with undue membership interference. The hosts insisted on having four Swiss participants (out of a total of 11 members), and the German authorities replaced the Jewish German member with another of their choice. In response to this, the Commission decided on new rules in order to establish full control over its future membership.
Birth of ICRP.
After World War II the increased range and quantity of radioactive substances being handled as a result of military and civil nuclear programmes led to large additional groups of occupational workers and the public being potentially exposed to harmful levels of ionising radiation.
Against this background, the first post-war ICR convened in London in 1950, but only two IXRPC members were still active from pre-war days; Lauriston Taylor and Rolf Sievert. Taylor was invited to revive and revise the IXRPC, which included renaming it as the International Commission on Radiological Protection (ICRP). Sievert remained an active member, Sir Ernest Rock Carling (UK) was appointed as Chairman, and Walter Binks (UK) took over as Scientific Secretary because of Taylor's concurrent involvement with the sister organisation, ICRU.
At that meeting, six sub-committees were established:
The next meeting was in 1956 in Geneva. This was the first time that a formal meeting of the Commission took place independently of the ICR. At this meeting, ICRP became formally affiliated with the World Health Organization (WHO) as a 'participating non-governmental organisation'.
In 1959, a formal relationship was established with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), and subsequently with UNSCEAR, the International Labour Office (ILO), the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), and UNESCO.
At the meeting in Stockholm in May 1962, the Commission also decided to reorganise the committee system in order to improve productivity and four committees were created:
After many assessments of committee roles within an environment of increasing workloads and changes in societal emphasis, by 2008 the committee structure had become:
Evolution of recommendations.
The key output of the ICRP and its historic predecessor has been the issuing of recommendations in the form of reports and publications. The contents are made available for adoption by national regulatory bodies to the extent that they wish.
Early recommendations were general guides on exposure and thereby dose limits, and it was not until the nuclear era that a greater degree of sophistication was required.
1951 recommendations.
In the "1951 Recommendations" the commission recommended a maximum permissible dose of 0.5 roentgen (0.0044 grays) in any 1 week in the case of whole-body exposure to X and gamma radiation at the surface, and 1.5 roentgen (0.013 grays) in any 1 week in the case of exposure of hands and forearms. Maximum permissible body burdens were given for 11 nuclides. At this time it was first stated that the purpose of radiological protection was that of avoiding deterministic effects from occupational exposures, and the principle of radiological protection was to keep individuals below the relevant thresholds.
A first recommendation on restrictions of exposures of members of the general public appeared in the commission's part of the 1954 Recommendations. It was also stated that 'since no radiation level higher than the natural background can be regarded as absolutely "safe", the problem is to choose a practical level that, in the light of present knowledge, involves a negligible risk'. However, the Commission had not rejected the possibility of a threshold for stochastic effects. At this time the rad and rem were introduced for absorbed dose and RBE-weighted dose respectively.
At its 1956 meeting the concept of a controlled area and radiation safety officer were introduced, and the first specific advice was given for pregnant women.
"Publication 1".
In 1957, there was pressure on ICRP from both the World Health Organisation and UNSCEAR to reveal all of the decisions from its 1956 meeting in Geneva. The final document, the Commission's 1958 Recommendations was the first ICRP report published by Pergamon Press. The 1958 Recommendations are usually referred to as 'Publication 1'.
The significance of stochastic effects began to influence the commission's policy and a new set of recommendations was published as Publication 9 in 1966. However, during development its editors became concerned about the many different opinions on the risk of stochastic effects. The Commission therefore asked a working group to consider these, and their report, Publication 8 (1966), for the first time for the ICRP summarised the current knowledge about radiation risks, both somatic and genetic. Publication 9 then followed, and substantially changed radiation protection emphasis by moving from deterministic to stochastic effects.
Reference man.
In October 1974, the official definition of Reference man was adopted by the ICRP: “Reference man is defined as being between 20-30 years of age, weighing 70 kg, is 170 cm in height, and lives in a climate with an average temperature of from 10 to 20 degrees C. He is a Caucasian and is a Western European or North American in habitat and custom.” The reference man is created for the estimation of radiation doses without adverse health effects.
Principles of protection.
In 1977 Publication 26 set out the new system of dose limitation and introduced the three principles of protection:
These principles have since become known as justification, optimisation (as low as reasonably achievable), and the application of dose limits. The optimisation principle was introduced because of the need to find some way of balancing costs and benefits of the introduction of a radiation source involving ionising radiation or radionuclides.
The 1977 Recommendations were very concerned with the ethical basis of how to decide what is reasonably achievable in dose reduction. The principle of justification aims to do more good than harm, and that of optimisation aims to maximise the margin of good over harm for society as a whole. They therefore satisfy the utilitarian ethical principle proposed primarily by Jeremy Bentham and John Stuart Mill. Utilitarians judge actions by their overall consequences, usually by comparing, in monetary terms, the relevant benefits obtained by a particular protective measure with the net cost of introducing that measure. On the other hand, the principle of applying dose limits aims to protect the rights of the individual not to be exposed to an excessive level of harm, even if this could cause great problems for society at large. This principle therefore satisfies the Deontological principle of ethics, proposed primarily by Immanuel Kant.
Consequently, the concept of the collective dose was introduced to facilitate cost–benefit analysis and to restrict the uncontrolled build-up of exposure to long-lived radio nuclides in the environment. With the global expansion of nuclear reactors and reprocessing it was feared global doses could again reach the levels seen from atmospheric testing of nuclear weapons. So, by 1977, the establishment of dose limits was secondary to the establishment of cost–benefit analysis and use of collective dose.
Re-evaluation of doses.
During the 1980s, there were re-evaluations of the survivors of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, partly due to revisions in the dosimetry. The risks of exposure were claimed to be higher than those used by ICRP, and pressures began to appear for a reduction in dose limits.
By 1989, the commission had itself revised upwards its estimates of the risks of carcinogenesis from exposure to ionising radiation. The following year, it adopted its 1990 Recommendations for a 'system of radiological protection'. The principles of protection recommended by the Commission were still based on the general principles given in Publication 26. However, there were important additions which weakened the link to cost benefit analysis and collective dose, and strengthened the protection of the individual, which reflected changes in societal values:
21st century.
In the 21st century, the latest overall recommendations on an international system of radiological protection appeared. ICRP Publication 103 (2007), after two phases of international public consultation, has resulted in more continuity than change. Some recommendations remain because they work and are clear, others have been updated because understanding has evolved, some items have been added because there has been a void, and some concepts are better explained because more guidance is needed.
Radiation quantities.
In collaboration with the ICRU, the commission has assisted in defining the use of many of the dose quantities in the accompanying diagram.
The table below shows the number of different units for various quantities and is indicative of changes of thinking in world metrology, especially the movement from cgs to SI units.
Although the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission permits the use of the units curie, rad, and rem alongside SI units, the European Union European units of measurement directives required that their use for "public health ... purposes" be phased out by 31 December 1985.
Awards.
ICRP issues two awards the Bo Lindell Medal which is awarded annually and the Gold Medal for Radiation Protection which is issued by IRPA every four years since 1962.
Gold Medal for Radiation Protection.
The recipients of the gold medal for Radiation Protection are listed below:
Bo Lindell Medal.
The recipients of the Bo Lindell Medal for the Promotion of Radiological Protection are listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="6980587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980587" title="Un Rock Star">
Un Rock Star

"Un Rock Star" is the 9th extended play from the Japanese band Orange Range. This single was used as the cover song for a string of Honda Stream commercials in Japan. It was also used as the theme to a Japanese sports show. This single first entered the Oricon charts at the number 3 spot, breaking the consecutive string of nine number 1 singles. This single was a 100,000 limited-release item.

</doc>
<doc id="6980588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980588" title="GU028">
GU028



</doc>
<doc id="6980593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980593" title="DisembAudio">
DisembAudio



</doc>
<doc id="6980596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980596" title="Disembaudio">
Disembaudio



</doc>
<doc id="6980600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980600" title="ICRP">
ICRP



</doc>
<doc id="6980609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980609" title="Maziar Ashrafian Bonab">
Maziar Ashrafian Bonab

Maziar Ashrafian Bonab (Persian: مازیار اشرفیان بناب) is an Iranian forensic pathologist and a medical geneticist specialising in forensic and cancer genetics (the use of the DNA markers in the investigation of crime, biological anthropology and cancer genetics) and Forensic Facial Reconstruction. Part of his groundbreaking research uses human DNA markers (mainly mtDNA and the Y chromosome markers) to identify the ancestral history of humans/human populations in both anthropological and forensic cases. His main area of research is Cancer Genetics.
Maziar was born in Tehran, Iran (September 1966). Before completing his PhD in Cambridge, he first qualified as a Medical Doctor from Tehran University of Medical Sciences (1984–1991) and worked as a Medical Practitioner in Iran. After completing a postgraduate course in Forensic Medicine at the Iranian Legal Medical Organization (1992), he worked as the head of Hormozgan Province Legal Medical Centre (Iran) for four years (1992–1996). As well as dealing with many different forensic cases and having done more than 400 autopsies, he taught forensic medicine and medical anthropology to the undergraduate and postgraduate degree programmes within the Bandar-Abbas University of Medical Sciences and Bandar-Abbas Islamic Azad University.
From 1996 to 2002, he worked as an academic member of the Iranian Archaeological Research Centre at the Cultural Heritage Organization of Iran (ICHO) - and as a forensic anthropologist, he participated in seventeen archaeological excavations around Iran.
At the same time as the founder and head of The National Museum of Medical Sciences History (Iran), he worked in the first medical museum in the country and the largest one in the Middle East. In 2003 he completed an MSc degree in Archaeology (2002–2003) at the Department of Biomolecular Sciences; University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology, and in October 2003, he started a PhD in the field of Genetics at the University of Cambridge.
He has published various books and papers on his research.
In his current research, he is using genetic tools to investigate the maternal and paternal history of the Iranian ethnic groups and also the emergence of the first farmers in the Iranian Plateau (eastern parts of the Fertile Crescent) and the origin of Aryans (Indo-Iranians) and Indo-Aryan race theory. His research also included the following:

</doc>
<doc id="6980610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980610" title="Broken Boy Soldier (song)">
Broken Boy Soldier (song)

"Broken Boy Soldier" is the title track and the third single to be released from the album "Broken Boy Soldiers" by The Raconteurs, on October 23, 2006 in the UK. This track was used in an episode of the NBC television series "Life".
One of the B-sides to the single is a live rendition of "Headin' for the Texas Border" by Flamin' Groovies.
Music video.
The video for this song features a toy soldier getting built by going through an adventure-like journey that leads to a boy receiving the toy on his birthday and then destroying it.

</doc>
<doc id="6980611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980611" title="Novell Embedded Systems Technology">
Novell Embedded Systems Technology

Novell Embedded Systems Technology (NEST) was a series of APIs, data formats and network protocol stacks written in a highly portable fashion intended to be used in embedded systems. The idea was to allow various small devices to access Novell NetWare services, provide such services, or use NetWare's IPX protocol as a communications system (and later also TCP/IP). Novell referred to this concept as "Extended Networks", and when the effort was launched they boasted that they wanted to see one billion devices connected to NetWare networks by year 2000. NEST was launched in mid-1994 countering Microsoft's similar Microsoft at Work efforts, which had been launched in 1993.
Neither technology saw much third-party support, although some of NEST's code was apparently re-used in Novell Distributed Print Services (NDPS), and thus iPrint.
Architecture.
NEST consisted primarily of a Novell protocol driver stack implemented in ANSI C. The stack included drivers for then-popular networking hardware, including Ethernet, Token Ring, AppleTalk (actually referring to LocalTalk, a common confusion) and ISDN, as well as higher-level modules for protocols such as Novell's own IPX, and AppleTalk, and later TCP/IP.
The "NetWare Services Layer" added support for application protocols, notably NetWare client services such as file servers and network time synchronization, and the "NEST Requester" which acted as a pipe-like endpoint for lightweight communications.
Orthogonal to these services, NEST also included basic implementations of Novell's PSERVER and NPRINTER servers.
Finally, NEST also defined an operating system interface known as "POSE" ("Portable Operating System Extension"), which was a thin translation module defining all of the calls NEST needed to support its own functionality, things like memory management and process creation (as POSIX 1003.1, 1003.4, and 1003.4A subsets), which the developer ported to the particular platform of interest. NEST was deliberately written to be able to run from ROM without secondary storage (i.e., it had no long-term state it needed to store).
Whereas the Digital Research-inherited modular real-time multi-user multi-tasking operating system FlexOS was used by Novell as a primary test platform during development, NEST did not include an operating system of its own, and instead was intended to be used on existing platforms and OSs.
One such third-party OS to support NEST in 1995 was pSOS+ by Integrated Systems (ISI) a company who had bought FlexOS from Novell for US$3,000,000 in July 1994. The deal comprised a direct payment of half this sum as well as shares representing 2% of the company.
The NEST code was deliberately modular, in order to allow developers to use as much or as little of the overall package as they needed. It was expected that developers would pick and choose the components they needed, for instance, a device reporting status over the network might choose only the NEST Requester, IPX and an Ethernet driver, removing the rest from their assembly. In contrast, Microsoft at Work could be used in a similar fashion, but it seemed that it was generally expected that end users would use the complete system as the basis of their devices in a fashion similar to the later Windows CE.
Impact.
Like at Work, however, NEST appears to have seen little real-world use. After the initial release in 1994, there appears to be little news on NEST, followed by another flurry in early 1996 when TCP/IP support was added, at which point Novell claimed there were over 80 companies using NEST, including major office machinery firms like Canon, Hewlett-Packard, Ricoh, and Xerox. However, NEST then went the way of at Work, and was abandoned within Novell in January 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="6980612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980612" title="Sink Or Swim">
Sink Or Swim



</doc>
<doc id="6980614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980614" title="Herman Malchow">
Herman Malchow

Herman Malchow was an American politician who served as a member of the South Dakota House of Representatives from 1893 to 1894. He represented Potter County, South Dakota, where he resided.

</doc>
<doc id="6980618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980618" title="To Miki">
To Miki



</doc>
<doc id="6980625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980625" title="IPod game">
IPod game

An iPod click wheel game or iPod game is a video game playable on the various versions of the Apple portable media player, the iPod. The original iPod had the game "Brick" (originally invented by Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak) included as an easter egg hidden feature; later firmware versions added it as a menu option. Later revisions of the iPod added&lt;ref name="docs.info.apple/304682"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; three more games in addition to "Brick": "Parachute", "Solitaire", and "Music Quiz". Apple later offered iPod games for sale through the iTunes store. These games should not be confused with games for the iPod Touch, which require iOS and are only available on Apple's App Store.
Navigate to Extras → Games and, assuming you have a generation 3 (G3) iPod, you will find Brick, Music Quiz, Parachute, and Solitaire. If you have a G1 iPod, only the Breakout game is available, and that only as an Easter egg (a bit of hidden code on the iPod): access it by navigating to the iPod’s About screen and holding down the button in the centre of the jog wheel for about five seconds. Breakout will appear on your screen. Then, use the jog wheel to move the racket and play while you listen to your favorite songs.&lt;ref name="oreilly/0596007787/ch03s06"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
History.
On 23rd December 2005, CoolGorilla, a new start-up, launched a trivia game for the iPod. It was titled “Rock and Pop Quiz”.
In September 2006, the iTunes Store began to offer nine additional games for purchase with the launch of iTunes 7, compatible with the fifth-generation iPod with iPod software 1.2 or later. Those games were "Bejeweled", "Cubis 2", "Mahjong", "Mini Golf", "Pac-Man", "Tetris", "Texas Hold 'Em", "Vortex", and "Zuma". These games were made available for purchase from the iTunes Store for US$4.99 each. In December 2006, two more games were released by EA Mobile at the same price: "Royal Solitaire" and "Sudoku". In February 2007, "Ms. Pac-Man" was released, followed in April 2007 by "iQuiz". Until this time, all the available games could be purchased in a package, with no discount.
In May 2007, Apple released "" by Gameloft, based on the television show. In June 2007, "SAT Prep 2008" by Kaplan was introduced as 3 separate educational games based on the subjects of writing, reading, and mathematics. In December 2007, Apple released a classic Sega game, "Sonic the Hedgehog", which was originally packaged with the Sega Genesis system in the early 1990s.
With third parties like Namco, Square Enix, EA, Sega, and Hudson Soft all making games for the iPod, Apple's dedicated MP3 player took great steps towards entering the video game handheld console market. Even video game magazines like "GamePro" and "EGM" have reviewed and rated most of their games.
The games are in the form of files (iPod game), which are actually .zip archives in disguise. When unzipped, they reveal executable files along with common audio and image files, leading to the possibility of third-party games, although this never eventuated (with the exception of superficial user-made tweaks). Apple never made a software development kit (SDK) available to the public for iPod-specific development. The iOS SDK covers only iOS on the iPhone and iPod Touch, not traditional iPods.
In October 2011, Apple removed all the click wheel–operated games from its store.
Games.
This is a list of games that were made available for the newest iPods, excluding the iPod Touch. Each game (other than "Reversi" and "Chinese" "Checkers") cost US$4.99 to buy prior to their discontinuation in 2011.
The list contains games that are known to exist. The list is always kept up to date by this .
Default games.
These are the games that originally came with an iPod.
Criticism.
iTunes had come under much criticism due to the UK price of iPod games, GB£3.99 (about US$7.40). Many people from the UK had given the games 1-star ratings, stating that Apple was "ripping off" Britain.
A similar situation occurred in Australia, where the price was A$7.49, even though the Australian dollar was (at the time) worth more than the US dollar (A$7.49 = US$7.76).
Developers had criticized Apple for not creating a software development kit (SDK) for software developers to create new iPod games; this was likely to keep the digital rights management of iPod games closed. Despite this, it did not prevent users from running an alternative OS on the iPod such as Linux, whereby, for example, there are ports of "Doom" that will run on fifth-generation iPods. Running Linux on an iPod retains the music-playing functionality of the device while also adding features such as the ability to create voice memos through the headphones.
When the iPod Classic and iPod Nano third generation were released, games which had previously been purchased could not be synced to the new iPods. Understandably, this made many consumers angry due to losing their investment.
It is also notable that after a game was downloaded, it could not be downloaded again unless a separate purchase was made for the same item. This is different behavior than applications downloaded on the App Store, which can be downloaded an unlimited number of times. These issues were later fixed, however, making it possible to install any single game on any number of iPods registered under the same account.
Unofficial games.
Some older iPod units are capable of using replacement firmware such as iPod Linux and Rockbox. These firmware projects can play many other games, including the aforementioned native port of "Doom"; and, via a native port of the Game Boy emulator Gnuboy, many other games could be played, including "Super Mario Bros.", "Tomb Raider", "Mega Man", "Kirby", "Metroid", "The Legend of Zelda", "Street Fighter", and hundreds more.
Games using the ″Notes″ feature.
With the release of the third-generation iPod in 2003, Apple introduced a ″Notes″ feature to the iPod's firmware. This functionality provided the first opportunity for third-party developers to create simple text and audio games which could be installed and run on an iPod without users needing to replace the official firmware.
With a limit of 1,000 individual .txt files, each with a maximum file size of 4kb, the Notes feature made use of a limited set of HTML tags. Hyperlinks could also be used to link to other .txt files or folders and play audio files stored on the device. The limitation of available html tags meant that developers were restricted to Choose Your Own Adventure–style text-based games or multiple choice–style quizzes with narrated audio. Subsequently, very few developers used the Notes feature as a way of publishing games.

</doc>
<doc id="6980626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980626" title="Province of Verbano Cusio Ossola">
Province of Verbano Cusio Ossola



</doc>
<doc id="6980633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980633" title="Philosophical Explanations">
Philosophical Explanations

Philosophical Explanations is a 1981 metaphysical, epistemological, and ethical treatise by the philosopher Robert Nozick.
The book received positive reviews. Commentators have compared "Philosophical Explanations" to the philosopher Richard Rorty's "Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature" (1979) and praised it for Nozick's discussions of the fundamental questions of philosophy and of topics such as epistemology and ethics, and welcomed it as a convincing response to charges that American academic philosophy is overly concerned with technical issues. Nozick's discussions of knowledge and skepticism have received much critical attention.
Summary.
Nozick discuses branches of philosophy such as metaphysics, epistemology, and ethics, specific philosophical problems concerning issues such as free will, skepticism, the mind–body problem and the problem of other minds, the nature of personal identity, and the meaning of life, and the work of individual philosophers, such as Immanuel Kant. He discusses Kant's "Critique of Pure Reason" (1781).
Publication history.
"Philosophical Explanations" was first published in 1981 by Harvard University Press. By 1994, it was in its eleventh printing.
Reception.
Reviews.
"Philosophical Explanations" received positive reviews from the philosopher Alasdair MacIntyre in "The New York Times Book Review", the philosopher Ian Hacking in "The New Republic", the philosopher David Gordon in "Library Journal", the political scientist Mark Lilla in "The American Scholar", and the philosopher Stephen F. Barker in "Harvard Educational Review". The book was also reviewed by the philosopher Robert Cummings Neville in "Modern Age", the philosopher Robert Fogelin in "The Journal of Philosophy", Russell Hardin in "Ethics", Leslie Stevenson in the "British Journal for the Philosophy of Science", George Weckman in the "Journal of the American Academy of Religion", Anthony Ellis in "Mind", Jeffrey Stout in "The Journal of Religion", and by "The Economist".
MacIntyre considered the book an important, well-written, and rewarding discussion of the central problems of philosophy, writing that it "communicates its author's own excitement about both the problems and his solutions". MacIntyre credited Nozick with showing "striking and imaginative originality" by proposing that philosophy should replace the ideal of proof with "the notion of explanation", vindicating the importance of technical discussions in the philosophy of language and the philosophy of mind with "the uses he finds for their conceptual end products", and indirectly showing "how Continental philosophers who have been explicitly concerned with human value and significance have too often presented us with impoverished and barren discussions on these great issues because they have neglected the more technical discussions of Anglo-American analytic philosophy." He also praised Nozick's discussions of the identity of the self, knowledge, free will, and skepticism, writing that they provide "splendid insights and arguments".
Hacking believed that, like the philosopher Richard Rorty's "Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature", "Philosophical Explanations" had the potential to bring renewed public attention to philosophy in the United States. He believed that the book would also impress philosophy professors. He compared the difficulty of reading it to that of reading the "Critique of Pure Reason", writing that in both works there was "apparent indifference to the reader"; he also considered Nozick's philosophical approach in some ways similar to Kant's. Gordon described the book as "amazingly original", and praised the "extraordinary elegance" of Nozick's arguments, as well as his "vigorous and enthusiastic style." Lilla wrote that the book showed the same "intellectual virtues" as Nozick's previous work "Anarchy, State, and Utopia" (1974), and that it "testifies to the voraciousness of his intellectual appetite." He praised Nozick's chapter on ethics as "probably the most accomplished in the book", and suggested that together with Rorty's "Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature", Nozick may have helped achieve "a revival in American academic philosophy." He credited Rorty and Nozick with confronting philosophy's crisis with "careful reason, wit, and a humane concern for the fundamental questions", thereby showing that academic philosophy is still worth studying. He described both their works as "major books" that directly address the "doubt in which academic philosophy finds itself" due to charges that it is overly technical and ignores or misunderstands continental philosophy.
Barker compared the book to "Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature" and MacIntyre's "After Virtue" (1981), and described it as "powerful", brilliant, and well-written. He welcomed what he saw as Nozick's call for a "calmer and more tolerant tone in philosophical discussions" and praised Nozick's discussions of "the self" and of the metaphysical question, "Why is there something rather than nothing?". However, he maintained that some of the explanations Nozick advanced of various subjects explained them only to a limited degree.
Other evaluations.
"Philosophical Explanations" was discussed by the "National Review", Frederick Kroon in "The Philosophical Quarterly", the philosopher Jim Holt in "The American Scholar", the criminologist Nigel Walker in "Philosophy", the philosopher Alvin Goldman in "Philosophy and Phenomenological Research", and St Hope Earl McKenzie in "Philosophy and Literature".
Kroon, though expressing sympathy for Nozick's view that the claim that people know many facts about an independently existing world can be reconciled with the position that people do not know that certain skeptical possibilities do not obtain, questioned whether Nozick had correctly identified how to accomplish this, and suggested that a better way was available. Holt credited Nozick with having "clever things to say about every issue in contemporary philosophy". Walker, discussing Nozick's justification of punishment, questioned his "analogy between revenge and retribution", arguing that it created problems that "raise questions about Nozick's attitude to utility." He agreed with Nozick that "satisfaction is the point of revenge" but questioned "whether it is also the point of retribution."
The philosopher Bernard Williams credited Nozick with providing "the most subtle and ingenious discussion of propositional knowledge that I know". The philosopher Jonathan Wolff observed that Nozick's discussions of knowledge and skepticism have received much critical attention. The philosopher A. R. Lacey commented that reviewers generally agree that Nozick's chapter on epistemology is the book's best chapter. He credited Nozick with usefully developing ideas first put forward by the philosopher Fred Dretske a decade or more earlier. The philosopher Michael Bratman described the book as "a rich and wide-ranging exploration of some of the deepest issues in philosophy". He praised Nozick's discussion of free will, describing it as "fascinating" and "suggestive". However, he argued that "Nozick's views about personal identity and value themselves raise a host of difficult questions."

</doc>
<doc id="6980636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980636" title="Un garçon pas comme les autres">
Un garçon pas comme les autres

"Un garçon pas comme les autres" ( "A Boy Like No Other") is a song written and produced by Michel Berger and Luc Plamondon for the 1978 musical, "Starmania". It was originally performed by Fabienne Thibeault and released on the "Starmania" album in 1978. The English-language version of the song with lyrics by Tim Rice, titled "Ziggy", was recorded by Canadian singer Celine Dion and released on the "Tycoon" album in 1992. Dion also recorded earlier a French-language version of the song for her tenth studio album, "Dion chante Plamondon" (1991). She released both versions on a two-track single in France in 1993, reaching number two on the chart.
Celine Dion version.
In 1991, Celine Dion covered the 1978 "Starmania" track "Un garçon pas comme les autres" for her tenth studio album, "Dion chante Plamondon". It was produced by Jannick Top and Serge Perathoner, and titled "Un garçon pas comme les autres (Ziggy)". In 1992, she also recorded an English-language version of the song with lyrics by Tim Rice, titled simply "Ziggy", for the "Tycoon" album. Dion released both versions on a two-track single in France on 5 July 1993. The song is telling a story of a woman's impassioned love for a gay man. Dion often performed the song during her concerts. In 2005, it was included on her greatest hits album, "On ne change pas".
Commercial performance.
"Ziggy" peaked at number two in France and was certified Gold. It spent almost a year on the chart, including seven weeks at the second position and 18 weeks in the top 10. It became Dion's biggest hit in France at the time. As a result, "Ziggy" also reached number 55 on the European Hot 100 Singles.
Music video.
There were two similar music videos filmed for the French and English version on 27 April 1993, both directed by Lewis Furey. They feature Dion sitting in the bleachers of a stadium and longing for a football player who is preoccupied with teammates. At the end of the video, he is walking up to what appears to be a guy in a pullover with a hood over his head. When the hood is removed as they kiss, it is revealed to be Dion. The model in the video is Rodney Weber. In 2005, the video was included on Dion's greatest hits DVD collection, "On ne change pas".

</doc>
<doc id="6980640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980640" title="Santry Stadium">
Santry Stadium



</doc>
<doc id="6980641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980641" title="Clerics Regular Minor">
Clerics Regular Minor

The Order of Clerics Regular Minor (), commonly known as the Caracciolini or Adorno Fathers, is a Roman Catholic religious order of priests and brothers founded by Francesco Caracciolo, Giovanni Agostino Adorno, and Fabrizio Caracciolo in 1588 at Villa Santa Maria, Abruzzo. Belonging to the family of Clerics Regular, its members desired to sanctify themselves and the People of God by imitating in their lives the Paschal Mystery of Christ.
Its motto is "Ad Maiorem Dei Resurgentis Gloriam", "For the Greater Glory of the Risen God". The members of the congregation use the acronym CRM. after their names.
Founders.
Augustine Adorno.
Augustine Adorno, born John Augustine Adorno, is considered the first founder and the first father of the Clerics Regular Minor. He was born in Genoa in 1551 to Michele and Nicoletta dei Campanari Adorno. His father's family was very much involved in the political affairs of Genoa. His father was a senator of Genoa and was a respected personage of the city. His mother was a woman of virtue and religious piety.
Adorno received his education in diplomacy, and commerce as well as classical studies. In 1573 his father sent him to the court of Philip II, where he stayed for several years. Adorno was a kind of envoy of Genoa to the King of Spain while at the same time he attended to the financial affairs of the family in Spain. He was a banker in the court of Philip II, lending money to the King and his associates. It was in Valencia, Spain that Adorno met Louis Bertrand who prophesied that he would establish a religious order. Two events could be said to have contributed to Adorno's decision to abandon his career as a banker and financial manager of the family's business: he lost a large amount of money gambling, and the death of his father in 1578. These events led Adorno to the realization of the importance of the 'things in heaven' and that everything on earth soon 'comes to an end.'
Upon his return to Genoa, Adorno had time to reflected on his vocation in life and studied theology and the patrology of the Church Fathers in the seminary of Genoa. It was also in Genoa that Adorno thought of establishing a religious order. At 36 years of age, Adorno was ordained a priest on September 19, 1587, in the Church of Saint Restituta. He continued to exercise his pastoral ministry as a member of the Confraternity of the White Robes of Mercy in Naples, reaching out to the prisoners. Adorno also frequented the Hospital of the Incurabili, where he ministered to the sick and the dying. It was in the course of Adorno's pastoral work in this hospital that he met Fabrizio Caracciolo, a relative of Francis Caracciolo.
Fabbrizio Caracciolo was also noble and rich. After obtaining a law degree and with the prospect of a brilliant career as well as a comfortable life, he chose instead the clerical state and was ordained a priest. Soon he was to join the Compagnia dei Bianchi among whom he distinguished himself for the zeal toward the least, especially the jailed and those condemned to die. When Adorno invited him to join in the foundation of the order, he agreed by renouncing all honors and comforts. 
Francis Caracciolo.
Francis Caracciolo was born Ascanio Caracciolo on October 13, 1563, in Villa Santa Maria, Abruzzo, Italy. At twenty-two, Ascanio Caracciolo was a young man enjoying the exceedingly comfortable life available to an Italian nobleman of the sixteenth century, when he contracted a terrible skin disease. Facing death, he vowed that if he recovered he would give the rest of his life to God, and after his miraculous recovery he immediately began studying for the priesthood and was ordained in 1587 at the age of twenty-five. Ascanio's first work was in Naples, with a confraternity that looked after the spiritual welfare of prisoners and those condemned to death.
In 1587, when he mistakenly received a letter addressed to a relative, Fabrizio Caracciolo, the abbot of St. Mary Major in Naples. In it he learned that the writer, a priest call Augustine Adorno, was planning to found an association of priests whose work would combine both active and contemplative life. The project appealed to Ascanio, and he soon joined forces with Augustine Adorno.
The three priests retreated to the Camaldolese hermitage in Naples to write the first Constitutions of the Order. In addition to the three evangelical counsels of chastity, poverty and obedience, they contemplated a fourth vow: the renunciation of any ecclesiastical dignity. They recruited ten companions and began their foundation. On July 1 of the same year Pope Sixtus V approved the new group, and on April 9, 1589, the co-founders made their solemn vows, Ascanio taking the name Francis, the name by which he was subsequently known.
Members of the congregation, called the Clerics Regular Minor, took the usual vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience, plus a fourth: not to seek any ecclesiastical office either within or outside the order. The priests kept perpetual adoration before the Blessed Sacrament and conducted missions, helped the inmates of hospitals and prisons, and established hermitages for those who felt called to a life of contemplation. Francis was elected the order's first general, and although a very self-effacing man accomplished a great deal for it. He made three trips to Spain, where he founded houses in Madrid, Valladolid, and Alcala. He was popular among people as a confessor and preacher, his fervent sermons making him known as "the Preacher of the Love of God."
In 1607 Francis sensed the approach of death and went into retirement to prepare for it. Since most of his adult life head been directed to God, he now had little to do except to await God's call with confidence. His health declined rapidly, and on June 4, 1608, the end came. Those who watched at his bedside that evening heard him murmur, "Let us Go! Let us Go!" When asked where he wanted to go, Francis replied, "To heaven, to heaven!" Scarcely had the Francis uttered these words when the wish was fulfilled. Francis' body was taken to Naples, where it is now venerated.
History.
On July 1, 1588 Pope Sixtus V approved the new Order of the Clerics Regular Minor as outlined by Augustine Adorno, Fabrizio Caracciolo and Francis Caracciolo.
Augustine Adorno and Francis Caracciolo made their religious profession in the chapel of the White Servants of Mercy, I Bianchi in Naples on April 9, 1589. A few days later, April 17, 1589, they undertook a journey to Spain with the intent of establishing the order there. They were unsuccessful in establishing the institute, but they made contacts with other religious orders and leaders.
On September 29, 1591, Agostino Adorno died prematurely at the age of 40. Most of the responsibilities and concerns of the new religious family fell upon Francis Caracciolo, who became the first superior general and the focal point of reference for everyone.
Pope Clement VIII in 1592 confirmed the order and officially approves the fourth vow of the order: not to seek ecclesiastical honors. He also assigned, with appropriate documentation, the church of St. Mary Major in Naples to the Order.
At the turn of the century, 1600, Francis Caracciolo was very busy in opening and establishing houses in Spain and in Italy. St. Lawrence in Lucina in Rome, which was to be the General Mother House of the order for more than three centuries, was opened by Francis June 11, 1606.
Francis Caracciolo died on June 4, 1608, at the age of 45 in Agnone on the Vigil of Corpus Christi.
The revised text of the constitutions was presented to the Holy See by the third founder, Fabrizio Caracciolo. It was approved by Pope Paul V with apostolic letter on October 8, 1612.
Fabrizio Caracciolo died on May 25, 1615, at age 60.
In the 18th century, the order was particularly engaged in the process of beatification and canonization of Francis Caracciolo. The final proclamation of Francis as a saint was made by Pope Pius VII on May 24, 1807. By the end of this century, the order has grown to five Provinces (three in Italy and two in Spain) and has about 50 communities with a total membership between 700 and 800 religious. The order is involved in parish work, teaching in colleges and universities. It has consultors in various congregations of the Holy See, and some religious are given special and delicate assignments, such as that of Father Ceru' and Father Soffietti who are sent to the Far East to investigate and report on the difficult controversy of the Rites.
In the early 19th century there were great upheavals, which would deal a serious blow to all religious orders and to the Order of Clerics Regular Minor in particular. The French Revolution, the suppression of religious orders, the nationalistic spirit of the times, and other factor contributed to the general disarray and deterioration. Many houses were suppressed, a number of religious were secularized and entire provinces disappeared.
At the beginning of the 20th century, the order has been reduced to a handful of religious houses and members. There were doubts as to the future of the institute. But with the encouragement of the popes, especially Pope Benedict XV, the order started to show new signs of life. Gradually, the order expanded again, in Italy first, then in the United States, Germany and Africa.
Following an invitation of Archbishop Thomas J. Walsh, Michael De Angelis came to America in 1930. He resided for some time in Morristown, New Jersey, as a chaplain of the Religious Teachers Filippini, otherwise known as the Filippini Sisters. After a few years, Archbishop Walsh assigned Angelis as pastor of St. Joseph's Church in Lodi, New Jersey.
On April 1, 1962, a house of studies was opened in Ramsey, New Jersey. Later, the Adorno Center was built to prepare candidates for the priesthood and the religious life. Five priests have studied and been ordained from there.
In 1989, after the ordination of two American priests, the order saw the need to expand. Contacts were made with various dioceses, and the order accepted an offer from the Bishop of Charleston, Ernest L. Unterkoefler, to open a new apostolic work at Immaculate Conception Parish, Goose Creek, South Carolina.
The first missionary foundation of the Adorno Fathers was on February 19, 1984, in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Ex Zaire) with Parochial Ministry in Binja in Nyamilima followed by the opening of the Seminary of St. Joseph in Goma. Adorno Ashram in Mallikassery started on 1993 in Kerala followed by the seminary in Bangalore, Karnataka and seminary in Kiliyanthara in Kerala.
March 1, 2002, marked the official beginning of the Adorno Fathers' presence in the Philippines. Following an invitation by Bishop Benjamin J. Almoneda, a group of Adorno priests went to the Diocese of Daet with the understanding of using the academic diocesan facilities of Holy Trinity College Seminary. The first group of students together with the Adorno priests took up residence temporarily on the campus of Holy Trinity, while the House of Formation was being built in Vinzons, Camarines Norte. Today the seminary is in full operation.

</doc>
<doc id="6980642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980642" title="2008 US Presidential Elections">
2008 US Presidential Elections



</doc>
<doc id="6980651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980651" title="Let's go to prison">
Let's go to prison



</doc>
<doc id="6980652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980652" title="The Gladiators (film)">
The Gladiators (film)

The Gladiators (, alternate title The Peace Game) is a 1969 Swedish drama/science fiction film directed by Peter Watkins. It takes place in a world where the United Nations and the leading Communist countries have introduced "The International Peace Games," in order to secure international peace and security. The Peace Games are deadly miniature battles fought between small teams of drafted soldiers from each country, and broadcast on TV around the world as a popular reality program, with commercials included.
Plot.
 The story begins with an interviewer asking contestants from different countries why they are fighting in the games, of which they give different answers. Meanwhile, officers and colonels from different countries arrive at a castle near Stockholm where Peace Game number 256 is to be arranged by the Swedish Army using the ICAROS-system. There is also a French student (B-3) who infiltrates the Games in order to destroy the system from within. Despite his intentions, he is allowed into the battlegrounds.
The Games begin with the Allied Team being given 2 hours to reach the Control Room. They will have the opportunity to gain points along the way, and the Communist Team will try to stop them. As the Allied Team delay their actions, points are deducted, and bombs are set off in order for them to react. The team advance into the building, following red lights. On their way, they are ambushed by machine-gun fire and capture a female Chinese member from the opposite team. They then encounter a group of scantily dressed hippie-ladies and loses one of their members to injuries. For this, the officers and colonels reward the team with points. Meanwhile, B-3 is approached by a Swedish policeman who asks what he wish to do after destroying the system. The student says he wishes to replace it with a new system. The policeman asks him how he intends to do this and instead offers him a position at the Control Room.
While the Communist Team advances, a member of The Allied team starts to communicate with the female prisoner, which the colonels and officers regard as a grave threat to the stability of the world-system, and therefore asks that the Games be declared an honorable tie. The ICARUS-system is put on autopilot, and policemen are dispatched to dispose of the traitors, but the system also goes haywire. At the end, B-3 reach the Control Room where he tells the operator that he wishes to replace the current system with a system that does not exploit people. The operator tells him that the system exploits everybody, including B-3. Because the student had turned the system on again when he needed it to show him the way to the Control Room, he had doomed the traitors who were the real danger to the system. The operator claims that all systems are basically the same.
Production.
After facing professional isolation and critical attacks on his work, Watkins had become inclined to leave the UK, and after being given creative licence by the cinema distributor Sandrews in Stockholm to produce a new film, he began a permanent exile from his home country. He was to be joined by the young writer Nicholas Gosling for his second feature film, and the production was directly influenced by an upsurge in revolutionary events throughout Europe in 1968. Filming occurred during the summer and autumn of 1968 in a deserted brick factory in the countryside at Kårsta, and in an empty minor castle at Mälsåker. The cast was a mix of professional and non-professional actors. Watkins originally had plans to use a fluid, mobile camera-style, but reverted to a formal static style after finding himself restricted by heavy and non-portable 35mm camera equipment.
Reaction.
The critical reactions in Sweden were mostly dismissive of the film, with words like "vague" and "boring" being repeated, despite underscoring that Watkins was a talented director. Aside from a few screenings on Swedish TV, the film has not been shown in Swedish cinemas again and disappeared after being screened at a few festivals. British critics were more positive of the film, but did echo much of the same criticism. Judith Crist in New York Magazine called "The Gladiators" "the finest Peter Watkins film to date" and "one of the finest anti-war films of recent years".

</doc>
<doc id="6980656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980656" title="Holden &amp; Thompson">
Holden &amp; Thompson



</doc>
<doc id="6980659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980659" title="Let's Go to prison">
Let's Go to prison



</doc>
<doc id="6980678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980678" title="Let's go to Prison">
Let's go to Prison



</doc>
<doc id="6980688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980688" title="MiddleEnglish">
MiddleEnglish



</doc>
<doc id="6980706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980706" title="Phil Thompson (producer)">
Phil Thompson (producer)

Phil Thompson is a UK producer and DJ on the Bedrock Records roster and has released many singles with them under the alias "Moonface". His tracks have been featured on many Bedrock compilations and Global Underground compilations. He has also done remix work for Bedrock.

</doc>
<doc id="6980707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980707" title="State Route 7100 (Fairfax County, Virginia)">
State Route 7100 (Fairfax County, Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6980708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980708" title="Mary Bastian">
Mary Bastian

Mary Bastian (1948 – 6 January 1985) was a Sri Lankan Tamil human rights activist and Catholic priest. He was shot and killed along with 10 other civilians on January 6, 1985, during the Sri Lankan Civil War, allegedly by the Sri Lankan Army.
Biography.
Mary Bastian born in Ilavalai in Jaffna district was ordained as a priest in the year 1975. He served as parish priest first at Manipay and later in Murunkan and Madhu in Mannar district.
Background.
During military offensives by the Sri Lankan Army in 1984 as part of the ongoing Sri Lankan civil war in Mannar region, Bastian and George Jeyarajasingham became the focal point of Human Rights activism on behalf of the local people. He was also the local contact for the Sri Lankan government appointed presidential committee to investigate Human Rights violations in the Mannar district. Jeyarajasingham of the Methodist Church was shot dead on December 13, 1984, when he was traveling in his vehicle. Later his body was burnt along with his vehicle. Bastian had collected the remains of victims including Jeyarajasingham and handed them to the Jeevothayam Methodist Centre.
Death.
On 6 January 1985, Bastian along with 10 others were shot allegedly by the Sri Lankan Army personnel, point blank range in front of the local St. Anne's church.
Reactions.
Sri Lankan Government.
The National Security Minister denied that his forces had killed Bastian. The spokesperson was quoted as saying
On January 9, the government owned Daily News reported that, according to the Minister of National Security Lalith Athulathmudali, Bastian's body had not been found and arms and ammunition were found in the church, which the government alleged was used as a terrorist base. The minister was quoted as saying that the police had spied on Bastian getting into a boat and going across to India.
Later in a report to the United Nations, the Sri Lankan government claimed that the body of Bastian was found but the state was not involved in his murder.
Catholic Church.
In a statement, reported in the Sun on January 8, Marcus Fernando, then Bishop of Chillaw and the president of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of Sri Lanka, said that reports reaching the Catholic Bishops' Conference indicated that the shooting was an unprovoked Sri Lankan Army attack on the church and the incumbent.
On January 8, Thomas Savundranayagam, the then Bishop of Mannar, in a statement to the strongly protested the insinuation by the government that arms were found in the church and he also accused the military of complicity in the murder of Father Mary Bastian.
He was quoted as saying
Amnesty International.
Amnesty International, the London human rights watchdog, in its report stated,
Memorial.
The people of Vankalai later erected a statue of Mary Bastian in the compound of St Anne's Church in his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="6980711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980711" title="State Route 7900 (Fairfax County, Virginia)">
State Route 7900 (Fairfax County, Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6980712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980712" title="State Route 613 (Fairfax County, Virginia)">
State Route 613 (Fairfax County, Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6980713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980713" title="Bai language">
Bai language

Bai (Bai: ; ) is a Sino-Tibetan language spoken in China, primarily in Yunnan Province, by the Bai people. The language has over a million speakers and is divided into three or four main dialects. Bai syllables are always open, with a rich set of vowels and eight tones. The tones are divided into two groups with modal and non-modal (tense, harsh or breathy) phonation. There is a small amount of traditional literature written with Chinese characters, Bowen (), as well as a number of recent publications printed with a recently standardized system of romanisation using the Latin alphabet.
The origins of Bai have been obscured by intensive Chinese influence of an extended period. Different scholars have proposed that it is an early offshoot or sister language of Chinese, part of the Loloish branch, or a separate group within the Sino-Tibetan family.
Varieties.
Xu and Zhao (1984) divided Bai into three dialects, which may actually be distinct languages: Jianchuan (Central), Dali (Southern) and Bijiang (Northern). Bijiang County has since been renamed as Lushui County. Jianchuan and Dali are closely related and speakers are reported to be able to understand one another after living together for a month.
The more divergent Northern dialects are spoken by about 15,000 Laemae ("", Lemei, Lama), a clan numbering about 50,000 people who are partly submerged within the Lisu. They are now designated as two languages by ISO 639-3:
Wang Feng (2012) provides the following classification for nine Bai dialects:
Wang (2012) also documents a Bai dialect in Xicun, Dacun Village, Shalang Township, Kunming City (昆明市沙朗乡大村西村).
Classification.
The affiliation of Bai is obscured by over two millennia of influence from varieties of Chinese, leaving most of its lexicon related to Chinese etyma of various periods. To determine its origin, researchers must first identify and remove from consideration the various layers of loanwords and then examine the residue. In his survey of the field, Wang (2006) notes that early work was hampered by a lack of data on Bai and uncertainties in the reconstruction of early forms of Chinese. Recent authors have suggested that Bai is an early offshoot from Chinese, a sister language to Chinese, or more distantly related (though usually still Sino-Tibetan).
There are different tonal correspondences in the various layers. Many words can be identified as later Chinese loans because they display Chinese sound changes from the last two millennia:
Some of these changes date back to the first centuries AD.
The oldest layer of Bai vocabulary with Chinese cognates, of which Wang lists some 250 words, includes common Bai words that were also common in Classical Chinese, but are not used in modern varieties of Chinese. Its features have been compared with current ideas on Old Chinese phonology:
Sergei Starostin suggests that these facts indicate a split from mainstream Chinese around the 2nd century BC, corresponding to the Western Han period. Wang argues that a few of the correspondences between his reconstructed Proto-Bai and Old Chinese cannot be explained by the Old Chinese forms, and that Chinese and Bai therefore form a Sino-Bai group. However, Gong suggests that at least some of these cases can be accounted for by refining the Proto-Bai reconstruction to take account of complementary distribution within Bai.
Starostin and Zhengzhang Shangfang have separately argued that the oldest Chinese layer accounts for all but an insignificant residue of Bai vocabulary, and that Bai is therefore an early branching from Chinese.
On the other hand, Lee and Sagart (1998) argued that the various layers of Chinese vocabulary are loans, and that when they are removed, a significant non-Chinese residue remains, including 15 entries from the 100-word Swadesh list of basic vocabulary. They suggest that this residue shows similarities with Proto-Loloish. James Matisoff (2001) argued that the comparison with Loloish is less persuasive when considering other Bai varieties than the Jianchuan dialect used by Lee and Sagart, and that it is safer to consider Bai as an independent branch of Sino-Tibetan, though perhaps close to the neighbouring Loloish. Lee and Sagart (2008) refined their analysis, presenting the residue as a non-Chinese form of Sino-Tibetan, though not necessarily Loloish. They also note that this residue includes the Bai vocabulary relating to pig rearing and rice agriculture.
Lee and Sagart's analysis has been further discussed by List (2009). Gong (2015) suggests that the residual layer may be Qiangic, pointing out that the Bai, like the Qiang, call themselves "white", whereas the Lolo use "black".
Phonology.
The Jianchuan dialect has the following consonants, all of which are restricted to syllable-initial position:
The Gongxing and Tuolou dialects retain an older 3-way distinction for stop and affricate initials between voiceless unaspirated, voiceless aspirated and voiced. In the core eastern group, including the standard form of Dali, the voiced initials have become voiceless unaspirated, while other dialects show partial loss of voicing, conditioned by tone in different ways. Some varieties also have an additional uvular nasal that contrasts phonemically with .
Jianchuan finals comprise:
All but , and have contrasting nasalized variants.
Dali Bai lacks nasal vowels. Some other varieties retain nasal codas instead of nasalization, though only the Gongxing and Tuolou dialects have a contrast between and .
Jianchuan has eight tones, divided between those with modal and non-modal phonation. Some of the western varieties have fewer tones.
Syntax.
Bai has a basic subject–verb–object (SVO) order. However, SOV can be found in interrogative and negative sentences.
Writing system.
Latin script.
The old Bai script used modified Chinese characters, but was not widely used. A new script based on the Latin alphabet was designed in 1958, based on the speech of the urban centre of Xiaguan, even though it was not a typical Southern dialect. The idea of romanization was controversial among Bai elites and the system saw little use. In a renewed attempt in 1982, language planners used the Jianchuan dialect as a base, because it represented an area with a significant population, almost all of whom spoke Bai. The new script was popular in the Jianchuan area, but was rejected in the more economically advanced area of Dali, which also had the largest number of speakers, albeit living alongside a large number of speakers of Chinese. The script was revised extensively in 1993 to define two variants, representing Jianchuan and Dali respectively and has since been more widely used.
The retroflex initials "zh", "ch", "sh" and "r" are used only in recent loanwords from Standard Chinese or for other Bai varieties.
The 1993 revision introduced variants "ai"/"er" etc, with the former to be used for Jianchuan Bai and the latter for Dali Bai. In Jianchuan, all vowels but "ao", "iao", "uo", "ou" and "iou" have nasalized counterparts, denoted by a suffixed "n". Dali Bai lacks nasalized vowels.
Suffixed letters indicate tone contours and modal or non-modal phonation. This was the most radical aspect of the 1993 revision:
Bowen script.
Bowen script (), also known as Square Bai Script (), Hanzi Bai Script (), Hanzi-style Bai Script (), or Ancient Bai Script (), was a logographic script formerly used by the Bai people, adapted from Hanzi to fit the Bai language. The script was used from the Nanzhao period to the beginning of the Ming dynasty.
The Shanhua tablet (), from Dali Town in Yunnan, contains a poem written using Bowen text from the Ming dynasty by the Bai poet Yang Fu (), 《詞記山花·詠蒼洱境》.
Examples.
Nge, no – I&lt;br&gt;
Ne, no – you
Cai ho – red flower&lt;br&gt;
Gei bo – rooster&lt;br&gt;
A de gei bo – a rooster
Ne mian e ain hain? – What's your name?&lt;br&gt;
Ngo mian e A Lu Gai. – My name is A Lu Gai.&lt;br&gt;
Ngo ze ne san se yin a biu. – I don't recognize you.
Ngo ye can. – I'm eating.&lt;br&gt;
Ne can ye la ma? – Have you eaten?&lt;br&gt;
Ne ze a ma yin? – Who are you?&lt;br&gt;
Ne ze nge mo a bio. – You are not my mother.&lt;br&gt;
Ngo zei pi ne gan. – I'm taller than you.&lt;br&gt;
Ne nge no hha si bei. – You won't let me go.
References.
Works cited

</doc>
<doc id="6980715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980715" title="Malchow (disambiguation)">
Malchow (disambiguation)

Malchow is a town in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Malchow may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6980725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980725" title="Sheikh Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa">
Sheikh Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa



</doc>
<doc id="6980736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980736" title="Great Voyage Online">
Great Voyage Online



</doc>
<doc id="6980737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980737" title="College Dawson Shooting">
College Dawson Shooting



</doc>
<doc id="6980738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980738" title="State Route 655 (Fairfax County, Virginia)">
State Route 655 (Fairfax County, Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6980742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980742" title="Geophysical survey">
Geophysical survey

Geophysical survey is the systematic collection of geophysical data for spatial studies. Detection and analysis of the geophysical signals forms the core of Geophysical signal processing. The magnetic and gravitational fields emanating from the Earth's interior hold essential information concerning seismic activities and the internal structure. Hence, detection and analysis of the electric and Magnetic fields is very crucial. As the Electromagnetic and gravitational waves are multi-dimensional signals, all the 1-D transformation techniques can be extended for the analysis of these signals as well. Hence this article also discusses multi-dimensional signal processing techniques.
Geophysical surveys can involve a wide range of sensing instruments, with data collected from above or below the Earth’s surface, or from platforms such as aircraft, satellites, or ships. Geophysical surveys have many applications in geology, archaeology, mineral and energy exploration, oceanography, and engineering. Geophysical surveys are used in industry as well as for academic research.
The sensing instruments such as gravimeter, gravitational wave sensor and magnetometers detect fluctuations in the gravitational and magnetic field. The data collected from a geophysical survey is analysed to draw meaningful conclusions out of that. Analysing the spectral density and the time-frequency localisation of any signal is important in applications such as oil exploration and seismography.
Types of geophysical survey.
There are many methods and types of instruments used in geophysical surveys. Technologies used for geophysical surveys include:
Geophysical signal detection.
This section deals with the principles behind measurement of geophysical waves. The magnetic and gravitational fields are important components of geophysical signals.
The instrument used to measure the change in gravitational field is the gravimeter. This meter measures the variation in the gravity due to the subsurface formations and deposits. To measure the changes in magnetic field the magnetometer is used. There are two types of magnetometers, one that measures only vertical component of the magnetic field and the other measures total magnetic field.
With the help of these meters, either the gravity values at different locations are measured or the values of Earth's magnetic field are measured. Then these measured values are corrected for various corrections and an anomaly map is prepared. By analyzing these anomaly maps one can get an idea about the structure of rock formations in that area. For this purpose one need to use various analog or digital filters.
Measurement of Earth's magnetic fields.
Magnetometers are used to measure the magnetic fields, magnetic anomalies in the earth. The sensitivity of magnetometers depends upon the requirement. For example, the variations in the geomagnetic fields can be to the order of several aT where 1aT = 10−18T . In such cases, specialized magnetometers such as the superconducting quantum interference device (SQUID) are used.
Jim Zimmerman co-developed the rf superconducting quantum interference device (SQUID) during his tenure at Ford research lab. However, events leading to the invention of the SQUID were in fact, serendipitous. John Lambe, during his experiments on nuclear magnetic resonance noticed that the electrical properties of indium varied due to a change in the magnetic field of the order of few nT. However, Lambe was not able to fully recognize the utility of SQUID.
SQUIDs have the capability to detect magnetic fields of extremely low magnitude. This is due to the virtue of the Josephson junction. Jim Zimmerman pioneered the development of SQUID by proposing a new approach to making the Josephson junctions. He made use of niobium wires and niobium ribbons to form two Josephson junctions connected in parallel. The ribbons act as the interruptions to the superconducting current flowing through the wires. The junctions are very sensitive to the magnetic fields and hence are very useful in measuring fields of the order of 10^-18T.
Seismic wave measurement using gravitational wave sensor.
Gravitational wave sensors can detect even a minute change in the gravitational fields due to the influence of heavier bodies. Large seismic waves can interfere with the gravitational waves and may cause shifts in the atoms. Hence, the magnitude of seismic waves can be detected by a relative shift in the gravitational waves.
Measurement of seismic waves using atom interferometer.
The motion of any mass is affected by the gravitational field. The motion of planets is affected by the Sun's enormous gravitational field. Likewise, a heavier object will influence the motion of other objects of smaller mass in its vicinity. However, this change in the motion is very small compared to the motion of heavenly bodies. Hence, special instruments are required to measure such a minute change.
Atom interferometers work on the principle of diffraction. The diffraction gratings are nano fabricated materials with a separation of a quarter wavelength of light. When a beam of atoms pass through a diffraction grating, due to the inherent wave nature of atoms, they split and form interference fringes on the screen. An atom interferometer is very sensitive to the changes in the positions of atoms. As heavier objects shifts the position of the atoms nearby, displacement of the atoms can be measured by detecting a shift in the interference fringes.
Existing approaches in geophysical signal recognition.
This section addresses the methods and mathematical techniques behind signal recognition and signal analysis. It considers the time domain and frequency domain analysis of signals. This section also discusses various transforms and their usefulness in the analysis of multi-dimensional waves.
3D sampling.
Sampling.
The first step in any signal processing approach is analog to digital conversion. The geophysical signals in the analog domain has to be converted to digital domain for further processing. Most of the filters are available in 1D as well as 2D.
Analog to digital conversion.
As the name suggests, the gravitational and electromagnetic waves in the analog domain are detected, sampled and stored for further analysis. The signals can be sampled in both time and frequency domains. The signal component is measured at both intervals of time and space. Ex, time-domain sampling refers to measuring a signal component at several instances of time. Similarly, spatial-sampling refers to measuring the signal at different locations in space.
Traditional sampling of 1D time varying signals is performed by measuring the amplitude of the signal under consideration in discrete intervals of time. Similarly sampling of space-time signals (signals which are functions of 4 variables – 3D space and time), is performed by measuring the amplitude of the signals at different time instances and different locations in the space. For example, the Earth's gravitational data is measured with the help of gravitational wave sensor or gradiometer by placing it in different locations at different instances of time.
Spectrum analysis.
Multi-dimensional Fourier transform.
The Fourier expansion of a time domain signal is the representation of the signal as a sum of its frequency components, specifically sum of sines and cosines. Joseph Fourier came up with the Fourier representation to estimate the heat distribution of a body. The same approach can be followed to analyse the multi-dimensional signals such as gravitational waves and electromagnetic waves.
The 4D Fourier representation of such signals is given by 
Wavelet transform.
The motivation for development of the Wavelet transform was the Short-time Fourier transform. The signal to be analysed, say "f"("t") is multiplied with a window function "w"("t") at a particular time instant. Analysing the Fourier coefficients of this signal gives us information about the frequency components of the signal at a particular time instant.
The STFT is mathematically written as:
The Wavelet transform is defined as 
A variety of window functions can be used for analysis. Wavelet functions are used for both time and frequency localisation. For example, one of the windows used in calculating the Fourier coefficients is the Gaussian window which is optimally concentrated in time and frequency. This optimal nature can be explained by considering the time scaling and time shifting parameters "a" and "b" respectively. By choosing the appropriate values of "a" and "b", we can determine the frequencies and the time associated with that signal. By representing any signal as the linear combination of the wavelet functions, we can localize the signals in both time and frequency domain. Hence wavelet transforms are important in geophysical applications where spatial and temporal frequency localisation is important.
Time frequency localisation using wavelets
Geophysical signals are continuously varying functions of space and time. The wavelet transform techniques offer a way to decompose the signals as a linear combination of shifted and scaled version of basis functions. The amount of "shift" and "scale" can be modified to localize the signal in time and frequency.
Beamforming.
Simply put, space-time signal filtering problem can be thought as localizing the speed and direction of a particular signal. The design of filters for space-time signals follows a similar approach as that of 1D signals. The filters for 1-D signals are designed in such a way that if the requirement of the filter is to extract frequency components in a particular non-zero range of frequencies, a bandpass filter with appropriate passband and stop band frequencies in determined. Similarly, in the case of multi-dimensional systems, the wavenumber-frequency response of filters is designed in such a way that it is unity in the designed region of ("k", "ω") a.k.a. wavenumber – frequency and zero elsewhere.
This approach is applied for filtering space-time signals. It is designed to isolate signals travelling in a particular direction. One of the simplest filters is weighted delay and sum beamformer. The output is the average of the linear combination of delayed signals. In other words, the beamformer output is formed by averaging weighted and delayed versions of receiver signals. The delay is chosen such that the passband of beamformer is directed to a specific direction in the space.
Classical estimation theory.
This section deals with the estimation of the power spectral density of the multi-dimensional signals. The spectral density function can be defined as a multidimensional Fourier transform of the autocorrelation function of the random signal.
The spectral estimates can be obtained by finding the square of the magnitude of the Fourier transform also called as Periodogram. The spectral estimates obtained from the periodogram have a large variance in amplitude for consecutive periodogram samples or in wavenumber. This problem is resolved using techniques that constitute the classical estimation theory. They are as follows:
1.Bartlett suggested a method that averages the spectral estimates to calculate the power spectrum. Average of spectral estimates over a time interval gives a better estimate.
2.Welch's method suggested to divide the measurements using data window functions, calculate a periodogram, average them to get a spectral estimate and calculate the power spectrum using Fast Fourier Transform. This increased the computational speed.
4. The periodogram under consideration can be modified by multiplying it with a window function. Smoothing window will help us smoothen the estimate. Wider the main lobe of the smoothing spectrum, smoother it becomes at the cost of frequency resolution.
For further details on spectral estimation, please refer Spectral Analysis of Multi-dimensional signals
Applications.
Estimating positions of underground objects.
The method being discussed here assumes that the mass distribution of the underground objects of interest is already known and hence the problem of estimating their location boils down to parametric localisation. Say underground objects with center of masses (CM1, CM2...CMn) are located under the surface and at positions p1, p2...pn. The gravity gradient (components of the gravity field) is measured using a spinning wheel with accelerometers also called as the gravity gradiometer. The instrument is positioned in different orientations to measure the respective component of the gravitational field. The values of gravitational gradient tensors are calculated and analyzed. The analysis includes observing the contribution of each object under consideration. A maximum likelihood procedure is followed and Cramér–Rao bound (CRB) is computed to assess the quality of location estimate.
Array processing for seismographic applications.
Various sensors located on the surface of Earth spaced equidistantly receive the seismic waves. The seismic waves travel through the various layers of earth and undergo changes in their properties - amplitude change, time of arrival, phase shift. By analyzing these properties of the signals, we can model the activities inside the Earth.
Visualization of 3D data.
The method of volume rendering is an important tool to analyse the scalar fields. Volume rendering simplifies representation of 3D space. Every point in a 3D space is called a voxel. Data inside the 3-d dataset is projected to the 2-d space (display screen) using various techniques. Different data encoding schemes exist for various applications such as MRI, Seismic applications.

</doc>
<doc id="6980744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980744" title="The Nature of Rationality">
The Nature of Rationality

The Nature of Rationality is 1993 book by the philosopher Robert Nozick, in which he explores practical rationality.
Publication history.
"The Nature of Rationality" was first published in 1993 by Princeton University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="6980747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980747" title="State Route 620 (Fairfax County, Virginia)">
State Route 620 (Fairfax County, Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6980750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980750" title="SGSSI">
SGSSI



</doc>
<doc id="6980759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980759" title="J. R. Orci">
J. R. Orci

Jorge Richard Orci (born August 9, 1975) is a Mexican television writer and producer.
Life and career.
Orci was born in Mexico City to a Mexican father and a Cuban mother. His mother fled Cuba after Fidel Castro came to power. He was raised in Mexico City, Canada, Texas, and Los Angeles. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin. Orci is the younger brother of screenwriter Roberto Orci, with whom he worked on the ABC TV series "Alias" as well as on the FOX science-fiction drama "Fringe". He is currently working on the NBC drama "The Blacklist".
"Fringe".
Orci joined the FOX science-fiction/horror series "Fringe", in its first season as writer and supervising producer. He was brought on to the show by his brother Roberto Orci, who is the co-creator (along with J. J. Abrams and Alex Kurtzman). Orci also served as consulting producer and writer during the show's fourth season. Episodes he has contributed to include:

</doc>
<doc id="6980775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980775" title="Tsamadou Beach">
Tsamadou Beach



</doc>
<doc id="6980776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980776" title="MacDonald Harris">
MacDonald Harris



</doc>
<doc id="6980779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980779" title="West Karelia">
West Karelia



</doc>
<doc id="6980780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980780" title="Karl wirsum">
Karl wirsum



</doc>
<doc id="6980782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980782" title="Flaming">
Flaming

Flaming may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6980783" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980783" title="Girlfight (song)">
Girlfight (song)

"Girlfight" is a song by American R&amp;B singer Brooke Valentine featuring American rappers Big Boi and Lil Jon. It served as the lead single from her debut album, "Chain Letter". The song is about a tension between two girls who end up in a catfight and was a US top-thirty hit, peaking at number 23 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in June 2005. A remix was made which features Da Brat, Ms. B and Remy Ma.
Online game.
An online game titled "Brooke Valentine Presents Celebrity Girl Fight" was released online where the user fights female celebrities, including Ciara, Beyoncé, Paris Hilton, Jennifer Lopez, Lindsay Lohan and Lil' Kim.
Track listings.
US 12-inch single
UK CD single
UK 12-inch single
European CD single
Australian CD single

</doc>
<doc id="6980787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980787" title="Forest preserve">
Forest preserve



</doc>
<doc id="6980790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980790" title="University of southern indiana">
University of southern indiana



</doc>
<doc id="6980792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980792" title="Fr. Mary Bastian">
Fr. Mary Bastian



</doc>
<doc id="6980802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980802" title="James E. Kyes">
James E. Kyes

James Elsworth Kyes (April 16, 1906 – 1943) was an American naval officer.
Born in Everett, Washington, Kyes graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1930. As commanding officer of USS "Leary" (DD-158), Commander Kyes was awarded the Navy Cross posthumously for "extraordinary heroism" during action against German submarines in the North Atlantic 23 December 1943. At 1:58-AM, 24 December, after his ship had received three torpedo hits and was sinking, he gave the order to abandon ship. As he prepared to leave "Leary", he checked to see that none of his men remained on board and spied a kitchen mess boy whose life jacket was torn and useless. Commander Kyes removed his own jacket and handed it to the boy. He then calmly climbed over the side and was swallowed up by the waters of the cold Atlantic, gallantly sacrificing his own life to protect a young member of his crew. There is a memorial to him in the ghost town of Monte Cristo where his home burned down in 1944. The Kyes home was the Monte Cristo Hotel, which Kyes' father ran. Nearby Kyes Peak, first climbed by Kyes as a young Eagle Scout, is also named after him.
Legacy.
In 1945, the destroyer USS "James E. Kyes" (DD-787) was named in his honor.
Goblin Peak in the Cascade Mountains was renamed Kyes Peak shortly after the war in commemoration of the Commander's actions. Kyes was a member of the first climbing party to summit the peak, and brought down a sapling from the peak which he then planted in the now-abandoned town of Monte Cristo, Washington. The tree still grows today alongside a plaque and a letter describing the action of December 23.

</doc>
<doc id="6980807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980807" title="Massimiliano Blardone">
Massimiliano Blardone

Massimiliano "Max" Blardone (born 26 November 1979) is a retired World Cup alpine ski racer from Italy. He specialized in the discipline of giant slalom. Since 2016 he has been a sports commentator for RAI.
Biography.
Born in Domodossola in the Piedmont region of northwest Italy, Blardone made his World Cup debut at Sölden, Austria, in October 2000. He made his first World Cup podium in 2004 and his first victory came in 2005. Blardone won seven World Cup races and attained 25 podiums, all in giant slalom. He finished second in the giant slalom season standings in 2006 and 2007, and third in 2004. Blardone represented Italy in three Olympics and six world championships.
At the end of his career as an athlete he embarked on that of sports commentator of alpine skiing in RAI, starting from the 2019-20 season he supports the commentator Davide Labate in the commentary on the men's competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="6980808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980808" title="Prosafe SE">
Prosafe SE

 
Prosafe SE is a company specialized in owning/operating semi-submersible accommodation vessels. The company is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
Operations.
Prosafe’s operations are related to maintenance and modification of installations on fields already in production, hook-up and commissioning of new fields, tie-backs to existing infrastructure and decommissioning.
Prosafe is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange with ticker code PRS.
Accommodation/service rigs.
Prosafe owns and operates six semi-submersible Accommodation, Safety and Support Vessels (ASVs) and one Tender Support Vessel (TSV) that can also operate as an accommodation vessel. 
Prosafe have an agreement with COSCO shipyard for flexible delivery and long-term financing of two new build harsh environment vessels: Safe Nova and Safe Vega. These vessels are completed and ready for delivery as of 31 December 2022.
The vessels are positioned alongside the host installation and are connected by means of a telescopic gangway so that personnel can walk safely to work.
History.
Prosafe was formed in 1997, when the platform drilling and technical services divisions de-merged from Transocean as a separate company and became listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange as Procon Offshore ASA. This company merged with Safe Offshore ASA, thereby entering the business segment of accommodation/service rigs, and changed its name to Prosafe ASA.
Prosafe acquired floating production company Nortrans Offshore in 2001, extending its activities to include the conversion, chartering and operation of FPSOs and FSOs.
In 2005, Prosafe sold the Drilling Services division. In 2006, the company acquired Consafe Offshore AB, which owned three semi-submersible accommodation/service rigs and one accommodation jack-up. This acquisition cemented Prosafe’s leading position in the market for semi-submersible accommodation/service rigs.
In May 2008, Prosafe spun off business division Floating Production. This business division became an independent company, named Prosafe Production Public Limited. On November 25, 2010, BW Offshore completed the 100% acquisition of Prosafe Production Public Ltd., for approximately NOK3,120.92m ($489.88m).

</doc>
<doc id="6980811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980811" title="James Ellsworth Kyes">
James Ellsworth Kyes



</doc>
<doc id="6980812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980812" title="Invariances">
Invariances

Invariances is a 2001 book by American philosopher Robert Nozick, his last book before his death in 2002.
Introduction.
In the introduction, Nozick assumes "orthodox quantum mechanics" and draws inferences from it about indeterminism and nonlocality. He deprecates Bohm's formulation and ignores other no-collapse theories.
Sections of the book.
The book is divided into sections, each comprising several chapters, bearing the following titles.
Truth and Relativism.
Nozick holds that relativism about truth is a coherent position, and he explores the possibility that it is true. A set of truths T contains relative truths if the members of T are true and there is a factor F which can vary such that the truth value of the members of T varies. The truth or falsity of the members of T is a function of F (as well as of meaning, reference, and the way the world is). For instance, variation in gender (F) might affect the truth value of statements (T) not "explicitly "about"" gender.
Nozick argues that the timelessness of truth is a contentful empirical claim that might turn out to be false. A deflationary tack towards putative philosophical necessities such as this timelessness of truth, attempting to convert them into empirical issues, is a salient feature of the book. He takes the topic of truth to be the topic of what "determinately holds" ("A timeless truth that floats free of determinateness is a nonscience fiction") and appeals to quantum mechanics to show that there are problems about timeless truth as understood through determinateness. For instance, he claims QM "on the usual interpretation" undermines the idea that an event E's being determinate at an earlier time implies that it's determinate at all later times that E occurred at the earlier time. Truth is relative to space and time. He dubs his view "the Copenhagen Interpretation of Truth".
Invariance and Objectivity.
Nozick identifies three strands to the notion of an objective fact/truth.
More fundamental than these three is invariance: An objective fact is invariant under various transformations. For instance, space-time is a significant objective fact because an interval involving both temporal and spatial separation is invariant, whereas no simpler interval involving only temporal or only spatial separation is invariant under Lorentz transformations.
Necessity and Contingency.
Nozick is skeptical about the extent and status of necessary truth. He maintains that there are no interesting metaphysical necessities, and even logical and mathematical truths are not ontological necessities. The apparent necessity of various statements is a product of various modes of representation.
The Realm of Consciousness.
Towards identifying the function of consciousness, Nozick distinguishes seven increasing gradations of awareness that correlate with and explain graduated capacity to fit behavior to aspects of situations.
The Genealogy of Ethics.
"Invariances" pursues a theme begun in "The Nature of Rationality" that Nozick calls the genealogy of ethics, in contrast to a justificatory account. It identifies coordination of activity for mutual benefit as the evolutionary source and function of ethics. He focuses on a time frame that starts with our hunter-gatherer ancestors, though he reckons a genealogy could go down the nonexistent evolutionary ladder indefinitely (to the cooperation of genes on the chromosome, etc.). He contrasts his genealogical project with David Gauthier's justificatory account in several respects. One of these is that Nozick does not take cooperation to mutual advantage to be the whole of ethics; rather, he includes other layers as well. He sketched these in "The Examined Life" as a four-layer structure. Its fundamental layer is the Ethic of Respect, essentially the deontological ethic of individual rights defended in "Anarchy, State, and Utopia" as well as in "Invariances", where it becomes the functional "core" of ethics. Evolution has selected us to abhor doing certain things to others and to abhor having those things done to ourselves, and this abhorrence gets systematized in groups of mutual benefit by moral codes that protect individual rights and duties.
An Ethic of Responsiveness builds on the fundamental layer, allowing some rights restrictions in accordance with a principle of "minimum mutilation" to the rights being restricted, in order to respond adequately to some higher value. A school tax would be an example, restricting property rights but not outrageously, in order to respond to the worthy value
of an educated citizenry. The next layer in this subsumption architecture is the Ethic of Care, ranging over affective dispositions
and correlative rights/duties ranging from equal concern and respect for other human beings to love for members of one's family. This layer too is built in accordance with the principle of minimum mutilation, pursuing its higher goals with as little damage as possible to Respect and Responsiveness. The final layer is the Ethic of Light, the ethic of saints and heroes which builds upon the others by one's becoming a selfless vehicle of goodness. Nozick leaves as an open empirical question whether moral progress with regard to the abolition of slavery, women's rights, the civil rights movement, and gay rights has been propelled by the perception of mutual benefit or the higher layers of ethics. He is against the coercive enforceability of the higher moral goals; their
attainment should be left to "individual choice and development". This fits with his attempt to remain true to his libertarian roots, but his new commitment to democracy implies a more or less considerable democratic exploration of higher goals. In "The Examined Life" he celebrates the "zigzag" of democratic politics through the values coercively enforced by different elected parties. Assuming that participating in a democratic decision procedure engages one's individual choice and development even when voting in the minority, perhaps because participating expresses one's belonging to a social union or "we", the four-layer structure demands a very flexible libertarianism.
Reception.
Writing in the "New York Review of Books", philosopher Colin McGinn gave "Invariances" a mostly negative review, praising "Nozick's clear expositions of such a broad range of scientific matters" but ultimately criticized the book for being "philosophically thin".

</doc>
<doc id="6980813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980813" title="Goiânia accident in popular culture">
Goiânia accident in popular culture



</doc>
<doc id="6980816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980816" title="James Kyes">
James Kyes



</doc>
<doc id="6980820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980820" title="Goiania accident in popular culture">
Goiania accident in popular culture



</doc>
<doc id="6980823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980823" title="Jim Couza">
Jim Couza

Jim Couza (April 27, 1945 – August 2, 2009) was an American hammered dulcimer player.
He was born in New Bedford, Massachusetts, United States,
Couza was one of the early musicians at Tryworks Coffeehouse in New Bedford, Massachusetts. In those days he played a well used, but good sounding Gibson guitar, and a banjo, and sang mostly British Isles music with a distinctive voice. He was living in Acushnet, Massachusetts in the early 1970s, which was when he started to play the hammer dulcimer.
He became a resident in England in 1982. In addition to the hammered dulcimer, Couza also played Appalachian dulcimer and guitar. He made several recordings, both solo and with the D'Uberville Ramblers. He also worked with Björk on the album "Post", and with Peter Gabriel on his album, "OVO". (Couza was featured on a track called "The Time Of The Turning (reprise) / Weavers Reel"). He also worked with Celtic singer-songwriter Jim Fox, performing at many venues and festivals around the UK. Couza suffered a number of health problems in his later years, resulting in amputation of both his legs.
Jim Couza died in August 2009 in England, at the age of 64.

</doc>
<doc id="6980830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980830" title="Log4c">
Log4c



</doc>
<doc id="6980835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980835" title="The Balloonist">
The Balloonist



</doc>
<doc id="6980837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980837" title="James E. Keyes">
James E. Keyes



</doc>
<doc id="6980846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980846" title="Ibn Quzman">
Ibn Quzman

Abu Bakr Muhammad ibn Isa Abd al-Malik ibn Isa ibn Quzman al-Zuhri (; 1087–1160) was the single most famous poet in the history of Al-Andalus and he is also considered to be one of its most original. One of the characteristics of his poetry was "satire, verging on the licentious, aimed at religious experts." He deeply admired his "Eastern predecessor" Abu Nuwas.
Life.
He was born and died in Cordoba during the reign of the Almoravids, to a family of possibly Gothic origins, while according to certain scholars he was from an Arab family. as his name suggests and from the fact that he described himself as being blond and blue-eyed in several of his zajals . After leading a lifestyle similar to that of troubadours, traveling to Seville, Granada and Jaén, he became a mosque imam towards the end of his life.
"Diwan".
Only 149 poems from the "Diwan" of Ibn Quzman appear in a manuscript in Saint Petersburg, which was the subject of a notice published in 1881. A facsimile edition of it titled "Le Divan d'Ibn Guzman" was published in 1896 in Berlin by Baron David von Günzburg. 
Most of the extant poems are zajals, the genre by which he earned his fame which are characterized by their colloquial language, as well as a typical rhyming scheme: aaab cccb dddb, where b rhymes with a constantly recurring refrain of one or two lines. As noted by James T. Monroe,
His approach to life as expressed in these melodious poems, together with their mixed idiom (occasionally using words of the Romance languages), shows a resemblance to the later vernacular troubadour poetry of France.
Translations.
The "Diwan" has been translated in Spanish by Federico Corriente (under the title "Cancionero hispanoárabe") and in English by Monroe.

</doc>
<doc id="6980849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980849" title="Faustina Bordogni">
Faustina Bordogni



</doc>
<doc id="6980856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980856" title="Electrician (theatre)">
Electrician (theatre)

In theatre, an electrician is a person who works with the various aspects of lighting. Some of the positions among electricians include the lighting supervisor, master electrician, deck electrician, light board operator, moving light programmer, followspot operator, as well as simply electricians. This group is generally known as the "Electrics" Department or LX Department. 
These people are responsible for receiving the light plot from the lighting designer and translating the design as it is on paper to the lighting that is seen by the audience in the final production. In small theatres, many of these roles may be filled by a single person, while in a large production such as those on Broadway or a large tour, there may be several people filling some of the roles.
Duties.
Theatre electricians are responsible for all non-design aspects of the lighting in a theatrical production. They may also be responsible for special effects (such as fog) and powering other electrical items (such as motors) used in the production.
Electricians install (hang), point and shape the beam (focus), and connect to power (circuit) lighting instruments. Additionally they may add gel to color the light, patterns (or gobos) to create texture or shape a light into pictures, and accessories that give the designer the ability to change some aspect of the light, such as scrollers (color changers) or pattern effects (gobo rotators).
Electricians collaborate with lighting designers and directors to understand the artistic vision of the production. They interpret lighting plots and design schematics to determine the placement of fixtures, types of bulbs, and required power distribution. Installation of lighting equipment involves mounting, wiring, and configuring various types of fixtures such as spotlights, floodlights, and LED panels. Programming and operation of lighting consoles to control intensity, color, and movement of lights during performances. In the past (and even in some theatres today) the electrics department was in charge of all water and water effects used on or offstage (i.e. rain, waterfalls, pools, etc.).
Positions.
Lighting supervisor.
The lighting supervisor is responsible for acting as the go-between for the designers, and the theatre's electrics staff. In the cases of shows done in repertory, they may have to adapt the designs of several designers to work together given the limits of the venue and the equipment, budget, and time available. In the case of a re-mount, they may adapt a design to newer equipment or a different venue than the design was originally created for. While Broadway and high end Off-Broadway productions have this position, the Master Electrician is often responsible for these duties in smaller productions.
Deck electrician.
The deck electrician, "stage electrician", "floor electrician", "floor LX", "deck elec"or just "stage LX" is a member of the running crew for a production and is responsible for all aspects of running the lighting for the show that happen on or backstage. This can include such things as changing color, focusing and readjusting lights that were moved, connecting and disconnecting practical units or set pieces which are electrified, and in some venues, assisting with motor control or effects. On touring or musical productions this individual is also referred to as the Dimmer Technician, as their responsibilities include supervising and maintaining portable dimmer racks.
Load in electrician.
The Load in electrician or "production electrician" in the UK, often referred to simply as an electrician, is a person usually hired on a per day or per project basis (freelance) to hang, circuit and focus the lights. Once the show goes into tech, the Load in Electrician will usually leave, although they may stay around to do "notes" with the lighting designer which may include adding or taking away lights, refocusing, or re-gelling lights. Even small productions usually have at least one or two Load in Electricians who are supervised by the Master Electrician. Electricians work closely with other members of the technical team, including stage managers, sound engineers, and set designers, to coordinate all aspects of the production.
Light board operator.
The light board operator, lighting operator, board op or just LX op is the person who executes cues for a production. This can range from adjusting light levels of individual dimmers, such as on a two scene preset board, to simply pressing a "Go" button on a computer controlled console. They may need to be able to write cues for their lighting board, and to make adjustments quickly to account for equipment failure, or people being in the wrong location. For some live events, such as concerts, this person may also be creating cues and looks on the fly, and functioning both as an operator and a designer simultaneously.
Master electrician.
The master electrician, M.E. or "chief electrician" in the UK, supervises all other Electricians working on a production or show. They are sometimes referred to as the "Head Electrician" or in a touring house, the "House Electrician". Their other duties include:
In certain jurisdictions of North America however, the title of Master Electrician is protected and can only be used by electricians with a formal education and licensed by their professional order.
Lighting programmer.
The lighting programmer, is a person familiar with the lighting board being used who sits next to or in communication with the lighting designer during "tech". He or she is responsible for programming in the lighting cues as dictated to him or her by the lighting designer. This saves the designer the time and attention of using the light board and allows him or her to concentrate on building the cues. Often, especially in smaller theatres, this person is the Light Board Operator for the show's run. They also troubleshoot electrical issues, such as malfunctioning fixtures, dimmers, or control systems, diagnosing problems and implementing solutions quickly to minimize downtime.
Moving light programmer.
The moving light programmer is a person who specializes in the sometimes complex creation of cues for moving lights. For large productions with several moving lights, there may even be a separate control system for the moving lights from that of the "conventional" lighting. Some of these lights, in addition to being able to change focus from one location to another, can include many other features such as color and patterns. The coordinating of these fixtures can be complex enough to require a dedicated person to program. Electricians must be adaptable and innovative, capable of improvising and problem-solving in real-time to meet the evolving needs of the production.
Followspot operator.
The followspot operator is the person who operates the followspot, or spotlight on a production. This is a light which is physically moved by the operator during the production to follow a performer's movement around the stage. A follow spot may also have mechanisms to change color, as well as an iris to change the diameter of the projected circle of light. The followspot operator may have to change several aspects of the beam from their unit simultaneously. This position is more common in musical theatre and concerts than for drama.

</doc>
<doc id="6980863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980863" title="I lituani">
I lituani



</doc>
<doc id="6980865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980865" title="Movies Filmed in Harlem">
Movies Filmed in Harlem



</doc>
<doc id="6980868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980868" title="I lithuani">
I lithuani



</doc>
<doc id="6980873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980873" title="I Lithuani">
I Lithuani



</doc>
<doc id="6980880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980880" title="Raheem Jarbo">
Raheem Jarbo

Raheem Jarbo (born September 3, 1977), also known by his stage names Mega Ran and Random, is an American underground nerdcore rapper, chiptune DJ, author and record producer. In February 2015, he changed his stage name to Mega Ran, removing Random from any releases.
Early life.
Jarbo was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to an American-born mother and African-born father. He has stated in interviews that he wrote his first song in 1993 and began producing in 2000. After college, Jarbo landed a job as an engineer in a Philadelphia studio, and recorded his first demo which caught the ear of Philadelphia emcee Ohene Savant, who had created a label as a home for creative hip-hop music.
Jarbo resided in Philadelphia until a 2006 move to Phoenix, Arizona.
Education.
Jarbo graduated from Martin Luther King High School in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and holds a bachelor's degree from Penn State. He has worked full-time as a special education teacher in Philadelphia, then as a middle school teacher in Phoenix, Arizona. Jarbo maintained both a music and teaching career until 2011, when he retired from teaching to focus on music full-time. Jarbo's albums are currently being utilized in coursework at Penn State University and University of Michigan.
Jarbo was the keynote speaker at the 2022 North American Conference on Video Game Music at Louisiana Tech University
Music.
Jarbo released his debut album "The Call" in 2006, but is noted for releasing an album called "Mega Ran", a tribute to the "Mega Man" video game series in 2007. This album landed Jarbo a licensing agreement with video game distributor Capcom and an opportunity to perform at the Capcom booth at San Diego Comic-Con.
This album gained Jarbo a fan base within the nerdcore genre, as well as press coverage by "Nintendo Power", IGN, Okayplayer, "Complex", "Exclaim", and "Blender" among others.
In 2009, Jarbo released a second Mega Man-based album, "Mega Ran 9", based on the PlayStation Network, WiiWare and Xbox Live Arcade video game "Mega Man 9". The album was released with the blessing of Capcom.
In 2010, Jarbo collaborated with producer K-Murdock of progressive hip-hop group Panacea and released "Forever Famicom", an album containing samples from video games from various publishers on the NES and Super NES consoles.
In 2011, Jarbo created and released Black Materia, an album completely based on the PlayStation and PC game Final Fantasy VII.
In 2012, Jarbo released a remixed version of Black Materia entitled "Black Materia: The Remixes." In March, he launched a Kickstarter campaign to release the three-part album, comic book and video game for "Mega Ran in Language Arts". The goal was achieved, and "Volume One" was released in May, "Volume Two" in August, and "Volume Three" in November.
In 2013, Jarbo announced he would release one EP per month, titled "Time and Space". January, February and March's EP releases were exclusively launched on video game website Destructoid. It was also at this time that Jarbo began referring to his style of music as "Chip-Hop".
In 2013, Jarbo collaborated with New Jersey rapper Mister Wilson and released Blur Bomber, an adaptation of the Archie Comics story arc for the Mega Man and Sonic cross-over in Worlds Collide.
In 2013, Jarbo released "Castelvania: Nocturnal Cantata", a Hip-Hop opera, retelling the story of the classic game "Castlevania: Symphony of the Night". The album cast Jarbo as Alucard, Sammus as Maria Renard and The Ranger as Richter Belmont.
In 2015, Jarbo released his latest album "Soul Veggies" which was his most commercially successful album to date. Mega Ran also toured with Bag of Tricks Cat for the Emerald Knights Tour which included a trip to various UK cities.
In Fall of 2015, Jarbo released "RNDM", which debuted on the "Billboard" Top 200 chart.
In Summer of 2018, Jarbo released "Emerald Knights 2", which debuted on the "Billboard" Top 200 chart.
In 2023 Jarbo released his first children's album, "Buddy's Magic Toy Box." The album debuted at #2 on the Kids Music Billboard 200 charts.
Video games.
In 2009, Jarbo teamed with Capcom to feature on a hip-hop alternate soundtrack to the hit title "Marvel vs. Capcom 2". Jarbo appears on a song entitled "The Remainder Is One". The album is downloadable on PlayStation Network and at Marvel Comics' website.
In 2010 and 2011, Jarbo's music was covered in video game publications "Game Developer" and "Nintendo Power". Jarbo's album based on the game "Final Fantasy VII" was featured, and was included in the June 2011 issue of "Game Informer" and "".
In 2012, Jarbo and Chicago-based developers Lunar Giant Studios released the first installment of the Mega Ran video game, loosely based on the album "Mega Ran in Language Arts".
In April 2013, Jarbo lent guest vocals to a track on the soundtrack of the award-winning video game "" called "Welcome to Monaco.
In September 2013, Jarbo and K-Murdock performed at the first ever "Halo 4" Global Championships in Seattle. The event was broadcast on Xbox Live and online.
In June 2015, Jarbo announced via YouTube that he had been chosen to perform the ending credits theme for the game "Mighty No. 9". His track will appear on his forthcoming album "RNDM" as well.
In 2016, Jarbo published "Tales of the Elements" on Steam through his label RandomBeats Music. The game was developed by Last Benevolence. Jarbo is one of the main characters and is also playable. The game was released with an album of the same name that followed the storyline. "Tales of the Elements – 2nd Chapter" was released in 2018 and once again featured Jarbo as one of the main characters.
In June 2019, Jarbo appeared on the official soundtrack of Mortal Kombat 11 with a song called 'Rise' produced by Wilbert Roget.
In June 2022, Jarbo lent guest vocals to "" for the end-credits song, "It's a Pizza Party!", produced by Tee Lopes.
Film and television.
Jarbo's song "Grow Up" from the "Mega Ran" album plays during the end credits of Second Skin, an independent film which debuted at the South by Southwest Film Festival in Austin, Texas, in 2008.
In 2010, Jarbo's song "Splash Woman" played on episodes of "TNA IMPACT!" and on the ABC special "The Ten Most Fascinating People in America" hosted by Barbara Walters. It has also been featured in the "Aimee" episode of IFC's "Portlandia" and Comedy Central's "Tosh.0".
Jarbo hosted a weekly hip-hop reality show on his YouTube channel called "Life After Lesson Plans". In the final episode he details leaving teaching for music full-time to tour with mc chris.
In February 2012, Jarbo recorded and released a song called "Mega Ran's Jeremy Lin Rap", dedicated to the rise to fame of NBA player Jeremy Lin. The song received 500,000 hits on YouTube, and appeared on the ESPN show "SportsCenter".
In August 2014, Glasswork Media released a documentary titled Mega-Lo-Mania chronicling a recent tour by Jarbo. Filmmaker Michael Cardoza traveled alongside Jarbo and soul/funk band The Lo-Classics through three cities to film the documentary.
In July 2017, Jarbo appeared on WWE television as part of a segment on WWE SmackDown Live. He was an extra in a rap battle skit hosted by rapper Wale.
In 2019. he appeared on the ROH/NJPW pro-wrestling event: G1 Supercard, trying to perform his song "Going To the Garden", the official theme song of the event; and having a confrontation against Bully Ray after that. The song was produced by up and coming New Jersey music producer: iLL-Omega.
In 2021 Jarbo wrote a song called "Bow Down" for WWE wrestler Xavier Woods to commemorate his King Of The Ring win. The song debuted on WWE SmackDown Live on November 5, 2021.
Performances.
Jarbo has toured the U.S. as headliner and as support for MC Chris, MC Lars, Louis Logic, Homeboy Sandman, Open Mike Eagle, and others. He has performed at the SXSW Music Festival in 2008–2017, the Nerdapalooza festival in 2007, 2008, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014, and San Diego Comic-Con 2011–2015. He embarked upon his first European tour in July 2011, and in December 2011, provided support on the More B.A.R.K. Less Bitin' Tour of Japan with DJ Asu Rock, K-Murdock, and jazz-hop artists Substantial and Marcus D. Jarbo returned to Japan after a successful Kickstarter campaign. 
Jarbo performed at the Penny Arcade Expo (PAX) in 2013.
He also performed at the east coast's music and gaming festival, MAGfest, in 2014, 2016, and 2022.
In 2023, Jarbo curated his first music festival, The Dream Master Mixtape, at the Red Moon Ale House in Yuma, AZ.
Personal life.
Jarbo lives in Phoenix, Arizona with his wife whom he proposed to at MAGfest in 2015. In 2021 he released a memoir entitled "Dream Master".

</doc>
<doc id="6980881" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980881" title="Traffik (disambiguation)">
Traffik (disambiguation)

Traffik is a 1989 British TV miniseries.
Traffik or Trafik may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6980890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980890" title="Alduna">
Alduna



</doc>
<doc id="6980896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980896" title="Alguna">
Alguna



</doc>
