<doc id="6974748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974748" title="Heather Mizeur">
Heather Mizeur

Heather R. Mizeur ( ; born December 6, 1972) is an American politician who served as a member of the Maryland House of Delegates from January 10, 2007 to January 14, 2015, representing the 20th district in Montgomery County, Maryland. She was a candidate for governor of Maryland in the 2014 election but lost the Democratic primary to Lieutenant Governor Anthony Brown. In 2022, she unsuccessfully ran for the United States House of Representatives in Maryland's 1st congressional district, challenging incumbent U.S. Representative Andy Harris. She lost the general election to Harris by 11 points.
Early life and career.
Mizeur was born on December 6, 1972, in Blue Mound, Illinois. Her father, Dale Mizeur, was a welder at the Caterpillar, Inc. factory and a member of the United Auto Workers. She attended Blue Mound High School, where she graduated as valedictorian of her graduating class. Mizeur attended the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign as a Truman scholar from 1991 to 1994, but dropped out after receiving a full-time job offer in the office of U.S. Representative Marjorie Margolies-Mezvinsky, who she had interned for during her junior year.
Mizeur first got involved with politics when she was 15 years old, volunteering for the campaign of Illinois State Senator Penny Severns. By age 23, she served as the legislative director for U.S. Representative Joseph P. Kennedy II. In 1998, Mizeur briefly left Capitol Hill to work for the National Association of Community Health Centers before returning to work for U.S. Senator John Kerry in 2003, later working on his presidential campaign team and writing his health care platform.
In November 2003, Mizeur was elected to the Takoma Park City Council, succeeding outgoing councilwoman Carol Stewart. Around this time, she also became a lobbyist specializing in health care policy. In 2005, after state delegate Peter Franchot announced that he would run in the 2006 Maryland Comptroller election, Mizeur entered the race to succeed him. She won the Democratic primary, placing first with 21.9 percent of the vote, and later won the general election with 30.8 percent of the vote.
Maryland House of Delegates.
Mizeur was sworn into the Maryland House of Delegates on January 10, 2007, and was re-elected for a second term in 2010. She was the first openly gay member of the Maryland General Assembly to have a spouse.
2014 Maryland gubernatorial campaign.
In November 2012, Mizeur told "The Washington Blade" that she was "taking a very serious look" at running for governor in 2014. She began fundraising for a potential bid in January 2013, before launching her campaign on July 16, 2013. Her running mate was Reverend Delman Coates, a Prince George's County pastor who backed the state's 2012 same-sex marriage referendum. If elected, she would have become Maryland's first female governor and the first openly gay person elected governor of any U.S. state.
Mizeur participated in the state's public financing system, making her the first gubernatorial candidate to limit their campaign spending since Republican Ellen Sauerbrey in 1994.
During the primary, Mizeur received endorsements from former U.S. Representative Wayne Gilchrest, EMILY's List, the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws, Sierra Club, and Democracy for America. She also refused to criticize any of the other candidates in the primary, instead pointing out the differences in their political positions.
Mizeur was defeated by Lieutenant Governor Anthony Brown in the Democratic primary election on June 25, 2014, placing third with 21.7 percent of the vote. In her concession statement, she said that she needed some time to rest and "collect my thoughts, my energy, and my strategic sense of where we take this next". Mizeur later endorsed Brown in an op-ed to "The Baltimore Sun" in October 2014, in which she asked her supporters not to vote for her as a write-in candidate in the general election.
Post-legislative career.
Following her gubernatorial campaign, Mizeur did not run for re-election as a member of the Democratic National Committee. She also sold her home in Takoma Park to move to her farm in Chestertown, Maryland, where she and her wife grow organic herbs.
Mizeur was seen as a potential candidate in the 2016 United States Senate election in Maryland, in which incumbent U.S. Senator Barbara Mikulski said she would not run for re-election. She later said on April 8, 2015, that she would not run for Senate in 2016, and later endorsed U.S. Representative Chris Van Hollen for the seat.
In October 2017, Mizeur launched a nonprofit organization named Soul Force Politics, which sought to increase involvement with politics and social justice in Maryland. A podcast by the same name was also launched alongside the nonprofit, which included episodes featuring Melissa Etheridge, former U.S. Senator Barbara Mikulski, Sonja Sohn, "Washington Post" reporter Jenna Johnson, and Governor Larry Hogan.
2022 U.S. House of Representatives campaign.
In January 2021, Mizeur announced that she would run for the United States House of Representatives in Maryland's 1st congressional district, challenging incumbent U.S. Representative Andy Harris, citing the January 6 United States Capitol attack and Harris' involvement in refusing to certify the results of the 2020 United States presidential election.
During the primary, Mizeur received endorsements from the entire Maryland House delegation (excluding Harris), most Democratic candidates for governor, U.S. Senator Chris Van Hollen, and Salisbury mayor Jacob R. Day. She also received backing from the Congressional LGBTQ+ Equality Caucus, LGBTQ Victory Fund, LPAC, Sierra Club, and EMILY's List.
In December 2021, the Maryland General Assembly redrew Maryland's congressional districts to make Maryland's 1st congressional district more competitive for Democrats, an effort that Mizeur cheered on and invited supporters to testify in support of. Mizeur's opponents accused her of seeking to influence the redistricting process and opposed the newly drawn maps.
Mizeur won the Democratic primary on July 19, 2022, defeating Democratic challenger R. David Harden with 68.8 percent of the vote. In the general election, Mizeur criticized Harris of refusing to debate her, noting that he had turned down multiple debate opportunities. Harris and Mizeur agreed to a televised debate moderated by Cecil TV, a community broadcasting outlet in Cecil County, and to attend a forum hosted by the Kent County chapter of the League of Women Voters. The debate was held on October 27.
Mizeur was defeated by Harris in the general election, in which she received 43.1 percent of the vote to Harris' 54.4 percent. She conceded the election to Harris on the night of the election.
Personal life.
Mizeur is openly lesbian, having come out to her parents during her sophomore year of college. She married her wife Deborah in 2005, at a time when same-sex marriages were not recognized by the state of Maryland. The couple made their vows official in California after it briefly made same-sex marriage legal in 2008. The couple lived in Takoma Park while Mizeur served in the Maryland House of Delegates, but later moved to Chestertown, where she owns a 34-acre herb farm, named "The Apotheosis of Washington" after the famous fresco that adorns the dome of the United States Capitol. Mizeur is Catholic.
Political positions.
During her 2014 gubernatorial run, Mizeur was regarded as a progressive, as well as the most liberal candidate in the Democratic primary.
Education.
In October 2013, Mizeur unveiled a plan to expand access to pre-kindergarten education by providing full-day pre-K programs to 4-year-olds and half-day programs to 3-year-olds in lower-income families. If enacted, the plan would have cost nearly $280 million annually.
In October 2017, Mizeur said she supported a plan to provide free community college tuition to Maryland students.
Energy.
During the 2011 legislative session, Mizeur introduced a bill that would temporarily ban fracking in Maryland until the Maryland Department of the Environment completed a study to determine whether the practice endangers drinking water and public health. The bill was reintroduced in 2013 and 2014.
In June 2011, Governor Martin O'Malley appointed Mizeur to a commission to investigate whether fracking endangered drinking water and public health. During the 2012 legislative session, she introduced a bill that would require natural gas companies to pay $15 per leased acre to fund the state's fracking study. In November 2014, after the study concluded and Governor O'Malley allowed energy companies to begin drilling in the state, Mizeur cautioned governor-elect Larry Hogan against acting in a rash manner when mapping out his administration's fracking proposals.
In September 2011, Mizeur introduced a Democratic National Committee resolution that called on President Obama to kill the Keystone Pipeline. In November, Mizeur attended and spoke at the "Surround the White House" rally to protest the construction of the pipeline.
In February 2012, Mizeur said she supported imposing a severance tax on natural gas of at least 10 percent, and was "open-minded" about a rate as high as 15 percent. She also said that the state should not allow drilling without first passing a "competitive" severance tax to ensure the state is able to oversee the industry.
In May 2014, Mizeur unveiled a plan to increase government oversight on utility companies by expanding the Maryland Public Service Commission membership, reforming the franchising process, and requiring power companies to renegotiate their licenses every 10 to 15 years.
In November 2022, Mizeur said she supported building wind farms off the coast of Maryland, saying that she refused to believe it was an "either-or choice" in supporting wind energy or supporting commercial fishermen.
Immigration.
In November 2022, Mizeur said she supported providing immigrants with H-2B visas to support Maryland's commercial fishing and aquaculture industry.
Marijuana.
During her gubernatorial campaign, Mizeur said she supported legalizing and taxing the sale of recreational marijuana in Maryland, and said she would use the revenue generated from its sale to fund expanded pre-kindergarten education. In April 2014, Mizeur voted for a bill to decriminalize the possession of small amounts of marijuana, instead making it a civil offense.
Minimum wage.
In November 2013, Mizeur said she would support raising the state's minimum wage to $16.70 by 2022. At the time, the state's minimum wage was $7.25 an hour. In May 2014, she introduced the Paycheck Fairness Act, a proposed bill that would require employers to justify differences in pay between men and women for similar jobs and treat gender discrimination the same way under the law as racial discrimination. She also proposed a paid family leave program that would pay workers two-thirds their salary and up to $1,000 a week for up to six weeks.
In March 2014, Mizeur voted to increase the state's minimum wage from $7.25 an hour to $10.10 an hour by 2017.
National politics.
In 2005, Mizeur ran for one of Maryland's four seats on the Democratic National Committee. She later served as a superdelegate at the 2008 Democratic National Convention, initially staying neutral before eventually pledging her vote to U.S. Senator Barack Obama.
In April 2016, Mizeur endorsed U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders in the 2016 Democratic Party presidential primaries, and supported Hillary Clinton after she was nominated as candidate by the Democratic Party.
Social issues.
In July 2004, Mizeur introduced a resolution to the Takoma Park City Council supporting a lawsuit filed by nine gay couples against the state for the right to wed. The measure passed the city council unanimously, making Takoma Park the first jurisdiction in the state to formally support same-sex marriage.
In 2011, Mizeur supported and spoke in support of the Civil Marriage Protection Act, a bill that would have legalized same-sex marriage in Maryland. After the bill was reintroduced and signed into law in 2012, Mizeur and her wife traveled across the state to fight opponents of Question 6, a ballot referendum seeking to overturn the Civil Marriage Protection Act.
Also in 2011, Mizeur supported and spoke in support of a bill that would provide transgender individuals with protections against gender identity discrimination. She again supported the bill when it was reintroduced in 2014.
In April 2014, Mizeur said she supported legalizing physician-assisted suicide for terminally ill patients.
Taxes.
In November 2013, Mizeur unveiled a tax plan that included tax hikes for the state's wealthy, cuts of up to $150 a year to the state's income tax, and property tax breaks for small businesses. She also said she supported creating a Cabinet-level position for advocating for regulatory reforms on the behalf of the business community.
In May 2022, Mizeur said she supported closing tax loopholes for large corporations and restoring tax rates for individuals making more than $400,000 a year to the rates they were paying to their pre-Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 levels. She also said she supported providing tax credits to renters to preserve affordable housing.

</doc>
<doc id="6974749" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974749" title="The Dark Lord Chuckles the Silly Piggy">
The Dark Lord Chuckles the Silly Piggy



</doc>
<doc id="6974753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974753" title="Nothing Can Stop My Love">
Nothing Can Stop My Love



</doc>
<doc id="6974756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974756" title="Roaring Camp and Big Trees Narrow-Gauge Railroad">
Roaring Camp and Big Trees Narrow-Gauge Railroad



</doc>
<doc id="6974759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974759" title="Tubestock">
Tubestock

Tubestock is the plural term for young plants which have been grown to the point where they are ready for either planting out in the field or potting on to larger pot sizes. Smaller, shallower pots (approx. 50 mm in diameter x 80 mm deep) are usually used to grow Tubestock in for the purpose of them being potted on to larger sizes. Larger, deeper pots (approx. 50 mm square x 120 mm deep) are generally preferred for planting out in the field, as in the case of Revegetation and Landscaping. The term tubestock mostly refers to seedlings grown in individual pots (or Tubes) as opposed to smaller seedlings grown in cell-trays containing from 100 to 500 plants, which are referred to as "Plugs".

</doc>
<doc id="6974762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974762" title="Small Town Girl (album)">
Small Town Girl (album)

Small Town Girl is the debut studio album by American country music singer Kellie Pickler, released on October 31, 2006, by BNA Records. The album was produced by Blake Chancey. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA on January 18, 2007.
The album produced three Top 20 singles: The RIAA certified "Red High Heels", "I Wonder", and "Things That Never Cross a Man's Mind" Gold. "Didn't You Know How Much I Loved You" was re-recorded for Kellie's self-titled second album, and released on August 31, 2009, as that albums' third single and a Top 20 hit for Pickler.
Chart performance.
"Small Town Girl" debuted inside the U.S. "Billboard" 200 top 10 at number nine. The album debuted at number one on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart, selling about 79,000 copies in its first week, the album has since sold over 884,000 copies as of May 2010. Pickler is the second "American Idol" alumnus to have a number-one album on the U.S. Country Album chart, the first being "Idol" winner Carrie Underwood.

</doc>
<doc id="6974774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974774" title="AUPS mine">
AUPS mine

The AUPS is a circular Italian bakelite cased minimum metal anti-personnel blast mine. The mine can be adapted with a steel fragmentation jacket and stake into a fragmentation stake mine. The mine is constructed in two halves, with the upper half containing the pressure fuse mechanism, the lower half contains the main charge and the detonator. The mine case is normally unpainted bakelite brown.
When used as a stake mine the mine is inverted and an MUV type pull fuse is inserted into the base of the mine, and the normal pressure fuse hole is used to attach the mine to the stake. When used with the fragmentation jacket the mine has a lethal radius of 15 metres, although the fragments may be lethal at greater range.

</doc>
<doc id="6974778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974778" title="Seminole County Fire Department">
Seminole County Fire Department



</doc>
<doc id="6974782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974782" title="Stein (brewery)">
Stein (brewery)

The Stein Brewery () was a Slovak brewery, based in Bratislava. It was founded between 1871 and 1876 and closed in 2007. Eventually, Stein became the third largest brewery in Czechoslovakia. The brand is still produced by Steiger Brewery in Vyhne, Slovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="6974784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974784" title="AUPS fragmentation mine">
AUPS fragmentation mine



</doc>
<doc id="6974799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974799" title="Kerosene (album)">
Kerosene (album)

Kerosene is the debut studio album by American country music artist Miranda Lambert. The album was released on March 15, 2005, by Epic Nashville Records and was produced by Frank Liddell and Mike Wrucke. After placing third in the television competition "Nashville Star" in 2003, Lambert signed with Epic Nashville in 2004. The album spawned four top 40 "Billboard" Country Chart singles; however, only the title track was a major hit, peaking at number 15.
Background.
"Kerosene" was recorded in Nashville, Tennessee in 2004 and consists of twelve tracks. Eleven of the twelve tracks were either entirely written or co-written by Lambert herself. After appearing with Lambert as a contestant on "Nashville Star", Travis Howard co-wrote the tracks "I Can't Be Bothered", "Bring Me Down", and "Mama, I'm Alright". Lambert hand-picked her producers for the album, choosing Frank Liddell because she was pleased with his work on music by Jack Ingram and Chris Knight. In addition, she also chose Mike Wrucke. The music's tone is set to a "love gone wrong" theme, however Lambert said that she did not draw this inspiration from her personal life. Lambert stated that she just "...loved a lot" and is "...one of those people who love very deeply when I do." Lambert gave songwriting co-credit for the title track to Alternative country artist, Steve Earle, after others noted the similarity to his 1996 single "I Feel Alright". Lambert said in an interview that she had unconsciously copied the melody and structure of the song.
"Entertainment Weekly"'s Alanna Nash felt that the album's sound evoked the genres of honky-tonk and country rock. John Metzger of "Music Box" stated that the single "Me and Charlie Talking" had an "infectious folk-pop" sound, while he considered "Greyhound Bound for Nowhere" to be "a somber retrospective."
In 2025, Lambert released a 20th anniversary edition of the album on digital platforms, including the previously unreleased track "I Don't Love Here Anymore", along with the standard album being pressed on vinyl for the first time.
Critical reception.
The album received generally positive reviews from music critics. "Entertainment Weekly" music critic, Alanna Nash gave "Kerosene" a B+ rating stating, "A Nashville Star finalist and only 20 when she recorded this spunky set of honky-tonk, country-rock, and Sheryl Crow-style ballads last year, Lambert's got Dixie Chicks-like potential; Her vocals evoke Natalie Maines, and she clearly knows how to write a killer tune. Nash also praised Lambert's choice of material, calling the songs "torch stuff". Jon Metzger of "Music Box" gave "Kerosene" three out of five stars. Metzger criticized the fact that Lambert came to fame because of her success on "Nashville Star", but he found her to be more memorable than other talent contest winners. Metzger proved his point by saying, "Without a doubt, her fame was derived from a carefully orchestrated marketing campaign, but standing in sharp contrast to almost all of her counterparts, the 21-year-old Texan actually has talent. Not only does Lambert pen her own material, but she also has the wherewithal to deliver it with a strikingly potent level of down-to-earth sincerity."
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic gave "Kerosene" a more favorable review, giving the album four out of five stars. Erlewine drew the album's similarities to the production of the material by country artist Gretchen Wilson, a style which he called "stylized redneck raunch." Erlewine also said that "Kerosene" lost the "gonzo humor" Big &amp; Rich had produced on Wilson's "Here for the Party". He did find however that Lambert was unique in her own musical style, concluding by stating, "Against all odds, this a rarity in modern mainstream country: a piece of product that's friendly, tuneful, sharper, and more genuine than it initially seems. Maybe Miranda needed a show like "Nashville Star" to jump-start her career, but the show gave her the opportunity to make this thoroughly winning debut."
Chart performance.
"Kerosene"'s lead single titled "Me and Charlie Talking" was released in October 2004, becoming the highest-debuting single in the week of October 16, debuting at number 42 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart, but only peaking at number 27. "Kerosene" was officially released March 15, 2005, selling 40,000 copies within its first week and debuting at number 1 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart, as well as number 18 on the "Billboard" 200. In April, the song "Bring Me Down" was released from the album, but the song only reached number 32 on the "Billboard" Country Chart. In October 2005, the title track was spawned as the third single, becoming the highest-debuting single of the week on October 8, 2005. The song became the album's first significant hit, reaching number 15 on the "Billboard" Country Chart in early 2006. "New Strings" was released as the album's final single in April 2006, peaking within the Top 25.
In December 2005, "Kerosene" was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America, however after the success of the title track, the album eventually was certified platinum in March 2007 and has sold 1,121,528 copies as of January 28, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="6974803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974803" title="The Animation Workshop">
The Animation Workshop

The Animation Workshop is an animation school housed in the former military barracks in Viborg, Denmark. It is a part of VIA University College's School of Business, Technology and Creative Industries. Since the late 1980s, The Animation Workshop has educated and trained animators for the Danish as well as the international animation, computer game and visual effects industry. The Animation Workshop has a strong international network of artists, professionals, companies, funding institutions and partner schools. Teachers and students come from Denmark and the rest of the world, and all classes are conducted in English.
TAW has played a role in many international projects, which seek to improve and create an understanding of the role functional animation and applied comics can play in public discourse, learning and modern communication processes.
TAW ranked 3rd best International Animation Schools by the Animation Career Review in 2024. In 2016, the institution was featured among The Top 20 Schools to Hire From as selected by Animation Magazine and won 5th place worldwide in the CG Student Awards in 2015. 
Courses and departments.
The Animation Workshop consists of seven distinct departments:
Bachelor of Arts.
The Bachelor of Art department is the largest department at The Animation Workshop offering three programs in Computer Graphics Art, Character Animation and Graphic Storytelling. The Computer Graphic artists explore the work methods of a computer graphics production from start to finish: from the concept design and storyboarding, through all aspects of the 3D Maya pipeline, to compositing. Character Animators focus on the classical principles of animation through the study of physicality and acting within hand drawn 2D animation, flash and 3D animation in Maya. Graphic Storytelling teaches students all areas of working with graphic storytelling: drawing, sequential storytelling, layout, scripting, storyboarding for films, cross media and developing original graphic universes.
TAW professional network includes teachers from prominent production, companies such as PIXAR, Disney, DreamWorks, Aardman, Lucasfilm, Framestore, EA Games, Double Fine Games, Tell Tale Games and Cinesite.
During the programmes, the students work not only on assignments but also in larger production teams on films and games, both within the school and in cooperation with a number of partner institutions. These institutions include The National Danish Film School, DADIU, The Danish Design School, Aalborg University, Aarhus University, The University of Copenhagen, IT University, The Technical University of Denmark, La Poudrière (FR), Gobelins (FR), Filmakademie Baden-Württemberg (DE) and MOME (HU).
Open Workshop.
Projects supported and hosted by the Open Workshop include:
Professional Training course.
Supported by Creative Europeś's Media sub-programme, the Professional Training department organizes short training courses and master classes designed for European animation professionals. The Professional Training department relies on an international network of animation and film professionals. Courses and master classes are created for young to experienced professionals with animation experience on any medium. The target groups range from storyboard and concept artists, character designers and art directors, to animators, CG artists and directors.
The Professional Training department offers the following courses:
Drawing Academy.
Since 1997, The Drawing Academy (TDA) has been offering drawing courses. The primary activity at TDA is a semester course in classical drawing, which provides students with a foundation for a creative career within art, design, advertising, architecture, animation and other related fields. The course is offered twice a year, in January and August.
The course offers training in classical drawing in the context of commercial realities. The teaching is based on the drawing level of each individual student, providing them with challenges that enable them to evolve at their own pace. Students attending this course will learn the basic principles within the subjects of croquis drawing, figure drawing and sketching. TDA also organizes shorter courses in classical drawing, as well weekend and summer courses.
In collaboration with Viborg Gymnasium &amp; HF (Higher Preparatory Examination Course), The Drawing Academy offers a 3-year upper secondary education called Visual HF. During this 3-year programme, students follow a regular HF curriculum combined with visual learning and communication. The programme leads to a General Certificate of Secondary Education.
Animated Learning Lab.
Over the past 20 years, the Animated Learning Lab (ALL) has worked with animation as a learning tool. The objective of the department is to promote and facilitate the use of animation as a didactic instrument. A fundamental principle in the centre's work is to engage children and have them be active decision makes in creative animation productions. This stimulates learning, enhances creativity and expands viable means of expression. Projects cover a wide range of pedagogic and didactic activities, from efforts to help children with dyslexia learn to read by way of animation to computer interaction and games. All these activities are aimed at teachers in order to promote digital learning strategies and their deployment in Europe.
ALL organizes teacher-training courses, workshops, seminars and conferences that focus on animation as an innovative learning and teaching tool. ALL activities are intended to provide teachers with new innovative tools and methods. As such, ALL has developed a series of educational resources for subjects like math, geography, biology and other fields of study.
In order to assemble and motivate students and teachers who use animation in teaching, ALL has since 2006 held an annual film festival called ANIMOK. During the festival, children get the chance to show their animated films to a larger audience and participate in the festival competition. Moreover, ALL organizes the annual conference ANIMATED LEARNING on creativity and visual teaching methods as well as number of different presentations on various cultural and educational events.
The Animated Learning Lab has close cooperation with various national and international cultural and educational institutions: schools, universities, and private and public companies. ALL has implemented a number of projects to promote animation as a didactic tool both in Denmark and abroad with great success on both fronts.
Arsenalet.
Arsenalet is a business cluster with specialized skills within the area of animation, games and new media. It offers business assistance for start-ups, along with networking possibilities for international co-production companies within animation and new media business areas. Arsenalet houses entrepreneurs and well-established companies. When Arsenalet was founded in 2012, only 7 companies lived under its roof; now that number is 35, including SYBO Games, Nørlum, Monkey Tennis, Tumblehead, Visikon and SØNC.
The companies at Arsenalet are specialized in:
Arsenalet offers a number of specialized services for residents of the cluster:
Functional animation.
The Animation Workshop acts as a national innovation network designed to encourage development and integration of animation, visualization and applied comics into new areas such as science, learning, communication, health care/patient empowerment, news production and interactive media. The basic idea and vision behind the network is that the communicative potential of animation, visualization and graphic storytelling should be examined. The main target groups for the network's activities are, aside from the Danish animation industry, private companies and public institutions that seek to challenge the use of visual language.
TAW conducts experiments, knowledge sharing and matchmaking events. These activities are carried out by teams of professional partners from within the visual media industry, working in close cooperation with institutions in the network. The new insights obtained by the partners in the network are made available through various platforms, such as meetings, seminars, conferences, consultations and public events.
Short films and productions.
As part of the student's curriculum and finishing exams, their studies move towards one large, collaborative project culminating in their bachelor projects. The Animation Workshop supports them through these semesters and supply them the necessary tools and production procedure through students' final year of studies to complete a short film or game production. Recent film projects include:

</doc>
<doc id="6974805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974805" title="Red High Heels">
Red High Heels

"Red High Heels" is a song written by Chris Lindsey, Aimee Mayo, Karyn Rochelle, and co-written and recorded by American country music artist Kellie Pickler. The song was the debut single off her debut album "Small Town Girl" (2006).
"Red High Heels" peaked at number 15 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart and number 64 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The accompanying music video for the song, directed by Chris Hicky, features Pickler putting down her ex-boyfriend while celebrating with her girlfriends at a nightclub in said high heels. The song became her first to be certified Gold by the RIAA on June 2, 2009.
Content.
"Red High Heels" is an up-tempo country song, backed primarily by electric guitar. The song's female narrator, a young woman who is frustrated by a troubled past with a former ex, tells him that she'll move on in her "red high heels".
The song's title is predicated on Pickler's love for collecting shoes, and has become her signature song.
Music video.
A music video, directed by Chris Hicky, was released in October 26, 2006; it features Pickler wearing black tank top, and red top, denim jeans and red high heels. In the video, Pickler is shown approaching her ex-boyfriend as he is playing football. He starts to follow her but she pushes him away. She gets in her car with her girlfriends and drives to a nightclub, where she is shown performing on stage, with her band, as live entertainment. Her ex attempts to follow her to the club, but he is stopped at the door by the bouncer.
Portions of the video were shot at Robinson Stadium, and the high school football field in Watertown, Tennessee. The band performance was filmed at the Exit/In, a Nashville club.
Chart performance.
"Red High Heels" debuted at number 48 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart in September 2006, and peaked at number 15 in February 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="6974812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974812" title="Entaro adun">
Entaro adun



</doc>
<doc id="6974817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974817" title="Energywatch">
Energywatch



</doc>
<doc id="6974818" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974818" title="Upper central series">
Upper central series



</doc>
<doc id="6974822" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974822" title="Skjöldungasaga">
Skjöldungasaga



</doc>
<doc id="6974824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974824" title="Skjöldunga Saga">
Skjöldunga Saga



</doc>
<doc id="6974828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974828" title="EnergyWatch">
EnergyWatch



</doc>
<doc id="6974832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974832" title="Super Battle Opera">
Super Battle Opera



</doc>
<doc id="6974837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974837" title="Systems Biology Ontology">
Systems Biology Ontology

The Systems Biology Ontology (SBO) is a set of controlled, relational vocabularies of terms commonly used in systems biology, and in particular in computational modeling.
Motivation.
The rise of systems biology, seeking to comprehend biological processes as a whole, highlighted the need to not only develop corresponding quantitative models but also to create standards allowing their exchange and integration. This concern drove the community to design common data formats, such as SBML and CellML. SBML is now largely accepted and used in the field. However, as important as the definition of a common syntax is, it is also necessary to make clear the semantics of models. SBO tries to give us a way to label models with words that describe how they should be used in a large group of models that are commonly used in computational systems biology. The development of SBO was first discussed at the 9th SBML Forum Meeting in Heidelberg on October 14–15, 2004. During the forum, Pedro Mendes mentioned that modellers possessed a lot of knowledge that was necessary to understand the model and, more importantly, to simulate it, but this knowledge was not encoded in SBML. Nicolas Le Novère proposed to create a controlled vocabulary to store the content of Pedro Mendes' mind before he wandered out of the community. The development of the ontology was announced more officially in a message from Le Novère to Michael Hucka and Andrew Finney on October 19.
Structure.
SBO is currently made up of seven different vocabularies:
Resources.
To curate and maintain SBO, a dedicated resource has been developed and the public interface of the SBO browser can be accessed at http://www.ebi.ac.uk/sbo.
A relational database management system (MySQL) at the back-end is
accessed through a web interface based on Java Server Pages (JSP) and JavaBeans. Its
content is encoded in UTF-8, therefore supporting a large set of
characters in the definitions of terms. Distributed curation is made possible
by using a custom-tailored locking system allowing concurrent access.
This system allows a continuous update of the ontology with immediate
availability and suppress merging problems.
Several exports formats (OBO flat file, SBO-XML and OWL) are generated daily or on request and can be downloaded from the web interface.
To allow programmatic access to the resource, Web Services have been implemented based on Apache Axis for the communication layer and Castor for the validation. The libraries, full documentation, samples and tutorial are available online.
The SourceForge project can be accessed at https://sourceforge.net/projects/sbo/.
SBO and SBML.
Since Level 2 Version 2 SBML provides a mechanism to annotate model components with SBO terms, therefore increasing the semantics of the
model beyond the sole topology of interaction and mathematical expression. Modelling tools such as SBMLsqueezer interpret SBO terms to augment the mathematics in the SBML file. Simulation tools can check the consistency of a rate law, convert reaction from one modelling framework to another (e.g., continuous to discrete), or distinguish between identical mathematical expressions based on different assumptions (e.g., Michaelis–Menten vs. Briggs–Haldane). To add missing SBO terms to models, software such as SBOannotator can be used. Other tools such as semanticSBML can use the SBO annotation to integrate individual models into a larger one. The use of SBO is not restricted to the development of models. Resources providing quantitative experimental information such as SABIO Reaction Kinetics will be able to annotate the parameters (what do they mean exactly, how were they calculated) and determine relationships between them.
SBO and SBGN.
All the graphical symbols used in the SBGN languages are associated with an SBO term. This permits, for instance, to help generate SBGN maps from SBML models.
SBO and BioPAX.
The Systems Biology Pathway Exchange (SBPAX) allows SBO terms to be added to Biological Pathway Exchange (BioPAX). This links BioPAX to information useful for modelling, especially by adding quantitative descriptions described by SBO.
Organization of SBO development.
SBO is built in collaboration by the Computational Neurobiology Group (Nicolas Le Novère, EMBL-EBI, United-Kingdom) and the SBMLTeam (Michael Hucka, Caltech, USA).
Funding for SBO.
SBO has benefited from the funds of the European Molecular Biology Laboratory and the National Institute of General Medical Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="6974845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974845" title="Velòdrom D'Horta">
Velòdrom D'Horta



</doc>
<doc id="6974847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974847" title="If I Was">
If I Was

"If I Was" is a song by the Scottish musician Midge Ure. It was co-written by Ure and Danny Mitchell (of Ultravox's tour opening band Messengers) and released as the first single from Ure's debut solo studio album, "The Gift" (1985). The song reached No. 1 on the UK Singles Chart for one week in September 1985. The track also reached number one in Ireland and peaked within the top 20 in eight other countries.
Background.
Around the time that work commenced on "The Gift", Ure had hosted Danny Mitchell and Colin King of Messengers at his house after he had engineered one of their sessions in Glasgow. After they had departed, Ure was sifting through tapes for potential material to record when he found a demo that Mitchell had left behind. Ure then reworked the song and invited Mark King of Level 42 to play bass guitar on the song, having met each other in Swansea Top Rank for a Radio One road show event. According to Ure, King "ended up playing the most simplistic bassline you could think of – it was incredibly basic for him. He showed great restraint by not slapping all over it."
Ure selected "If I Was" to be the first single from "The Gift", believing that it was a "good pop song" that would "immediately establish the solo album as different from Ultravox. It was either that or releasing one of the instrumental tracks." "If I Was" later peaked at number one in the UK and Ireland.
Music video.
The music video featured Ure's face and body patterns on a Pin Art pinscreen.
B-sides.
The instrumental "Piano" was released on the B-side of the 7-inch and 12-inch singles. The 12-inch single includes a second track: a cover version of David Bowie's "The Man Who Sold the World", an earlier version of which was originally released on the film soundtrack of "Party Party" (1983). Both songs were added as bonus tracks to the CD reissue of "The Gift" in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="6974862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974862" title="Axelle red">
Axelle red



</doc>
<doc id="6974869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974869" title="Danila Comastri Montanari">
Danila Comastri Montanari

Danila Comastri Montanari (4 November 1948 – 28 July 2023) was an Italian historical mystery fiction writer. She wrote the Publius Aurelius Statius series.
Biography.
Graduated in pedagogy and political sciences, for twenty years she has been teaching and continuing to make regular trips.
In 1990 she wrote her first novel, " Mors Tua " and then devoted herself full time to the narrative, favouring the genre of historical mystery, which allowed her to reconcile her main interests: the study of the past (in particular ancient civilizations) and the love for mystery weaves.
Starting from 1990, she wrote historical detective stories focused on the figure of Publius Aurelius Statius, senator in the Rome of Claudius. 19 of her novels were published.
In addition to the Statius series, Comastri Montanari penned other novels and short stories set in different historical periods. In February 2007 she published the essay "Giallo antico. How to write a historical detective story", published by Hobby &amp; Work; the appendix contains the stories "Pirates of the Chersonese", " Assassination at the temple of Vesta" and " Il giallo del serpente".
Danila Comastri Montanari died on 28 July 2023, at the age of 74.
Bibliography.
Publius Aurelius series
Standalone novels

</doc>
<doc id="6974871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974871" title="Cavalla River">
Cavalla River

The Cavalla River (also known as the Cavally, the Youbou and the Diougou) is a river in West Africa, rising north of Mont Nimba in Guinea, flowing through Ivory Coast, to Zwedru in Liberia, and back to the border with Ivory Coast. It ends in the Gulf of Guinea, situated east of Harper, Liberia. It forms the southern two-thirds of the international boundary between Liberia and Ivory Coast.
It has a length of , and is the longest river in Liberia. The name is derived from the cavalla horse mackerel found at its mouth. It is home to the endemic Chiloglanis normani.

</doc>
<doc id="6974872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974872" title="Joseba Albizu">
Joseba Albizu

Joseba Albizu Lizaso (born 6 July 1978 in Azpeitia, Basque Country) is a Spanish former professional road bicycle racer, who rode professionally between 2003 and 2006 for the and teams. Albizu won the Giro del Friuli in 2003.
Biography.
He turned professional in 2003 with the Italian Mercatone Uno–Scanavino team. That year, he won the Giro del Friuli, his only professional victory.
In 2004, he joined the Euskaltel–Euskadi (1994–2013) team and took part in the 2004 Vuelta a España, his only major tour, which he did not finish.
He was involved in a traffic accident in October 2004 in which his friend Jokin Ormaetxea, a rider with the Paternina-Costa de Almería team, was killed when their car went off the road.
He stopped his professional career in 2006. After his retirement, he took part in endurance events, notably mountain biking, with the amateur MMR Powerade team.
In 2018, in mountain biking, he became European Mountain Bike Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="6974873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974873" title="Cavally River">
Cavally River



</doc>
<doc id="6974874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974874" title="26th U.S. Infantry">
26th U.S. Infantry



</doc>
<doc id="6974878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974878" title="Classic Vinyl">
Classic Vinyl

Classic Vinyl is a Sirius XM Radio channel focusing on classic rock music mostly from the late-1960s to the mid-1970s, with the channel's name meant to indicate that it consists of music that first appeared on vinyl records. This encompasses music from as far back as the early 1960s at times. It broadcasts on Sirius XM Radio channel 26 and Dish Network channel 6026.
History.
Classic Vinyl was launched with the rest of the Sirius Satellite Radio lineup in 2002 as the classic rock channel for the station. From the beginning, the station has broadcast live 24/7 from the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland, in conjunction with a deal between Sirius and the Hall. Several other Sirius legacy channels have also had tie-ins with the Hall of Fame. Initially, the channel broadcast on Sirius channel 14. Like other Sirius legacy channels, Classic Vinyl had live DJs in between some songs except on the overnight hours.
Meanwhile, then-rival XM Satellite Radio broadcast a similar Classic rock channel called Top Tracks that aired much of the same programming as well as some overlapping programming from Classic Rewind, which airs the "later era" of classic rock. Top Tracks largely cut off at the start of the 1980s where Big Tracks would pick up, although it did air songs from Pink Floyd's "The Wall" (which was released in November 1979 but is generally viewed as a 1980s album) as well as John Lennon's songs from the 1980 album "Double Fantasy" just before his murder. Top Tracks aired on XM channel 46 and unlike Classic Vinyl, Top Tracks was completely automated.
As a result of the Sirius-XM merger, Classic Vinyl and Top Tracks merged on November 12, 2008. Although the Classic Vinyl name was carried over, the on-air format is largely that of Top Tracks, with the DJs from Classic Vinyl making on-air appearances. Most of the Top Tracks songs from about 1977 on were moved to Classic Rewind, which merged with Big Tracks. Classic Vinyl initially continued to broadcast from the legacy Sirius and XM channels of 14 and 46, respectively, after the merger of Classic Vinyl with Top Tracks. In 2011, Sirius XM largely realigned the channel lineups to match both services as well as group them by genre, moving Classic Vinyl to its current position on channel 26 for both Sirius and XM radios.
Internet Player.
The internet player can be biased toward "earlier" (60s) or "later" (70s) artists and adjusted as to the amount of British artists which play.

</doc>
<doc id="6974882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974882" title="Nervous Records (US)">
Nervous Records (US)

Nervous Records is an American record label specializing in underground house and hip hop, founded in 1991. 
As of February 2022, Nervous is releasing several house and techno tracks on a weekly basis. The label also is involved in producing nightclub events at many prominent venues around New York, including The Brooklyn Mirage, Superior Ingredients, and The Brooklyn Monarch. DJ Magazine states that the label's cartoon character logo is an iconic record label logo in the music industry.
Mike Weiss is co-founder, along with his father, Sam Weiss. Sam Weiss was also the founder and president of the Disco Era imprint, Sam Records. Mike Weiss graduated from Stanford University in 1983 with a BA, Syracuse University Law School in 1986 with a JD, and the Newhouse School of Communications in 1986 with an MFA in Film. 
Nervous has released music from many of the legendary producers in dance music, including Todd Edwards, Masters At Work, Armand Van Helden, Todd Terry, Frankie Knuckles, Kerri Chandler and David Morales. Nervous also released three albums that are considered some of the most essential releases in the hip hop genre, including "Enta Da Stage" by Black Moon, "Dah Shinin' by Smif-N-Wessun, and "Real Ting" by Mad Lion.

</doc>
<doc id="6974886" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974886" title="Onefin catshark">
Onefin catshark

The onefin catshark ("Pentanchus profundicolus")is a species of shark belonging to the family Pentanchidae, the deepwater catsharks. It is the only member of its genus, Pentanchus. It is known from two specimens collected from the Tablas Strait and Mindanao Sea off the Philippines in the Western Central Pacific. It is classified as harmless to humans and of least concern to the IUCN redlist.
Description &amp; behaviour.
The Onefin catshark is a small, dark brown shark. It only has five pairs of gills and one dorsal fin near its tail. It has an elongated and flattened head which is pointed at the nose. Its anal fin is notably long - larger than the pelvic and dorsal fins. The caudal fin is also elongated. The maximum known length of the catshark is 51cm.
They tend to live between depths of 673m to 1069m.
Etymology.
The scientific name "'Pentanchus"' is possibly a mix between the word 'penta' from the greek 'pente' meaning five, and 'anchus' a possible abridgment of the greek 'branchos' meaning gill. This would refer to the five pairs of gills the shark has, which would make the shark unique if it were a hexanchoid - the authors mistakenly believed this to be the case.

</doc>
<doc id="6974887" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974887" title="Youbou">
Youbou



</doc>
<doc id="6974890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974890" title="Begum Aizaz Rasul">
Begum Aizaz Rasul

Begum Qudsia Aijaz Rasul (2 April 1909 – 1 August 2001) was the only Muslim woman in the Constituent Assembly of India that drafted the Constitution of India.
Family.
Begum Rasool was born on 2 April 1909 as Qudsia Begum, daughter of Sir Zulfiqar Ali Khan by his wife Mahmuda Sultana. Her father, Sir Zulfiqar, belonged to a collateral branch of the ruling family of Malerkotla princely state in Punjab. Her mother, Mahmuda Sultan, was the daughter of Nawab Allauddin Ahmed Khan, Nawab of Loharu.
Qudsia was married in 1929, to Nawab Aijaz Rasul, the "taluqdar" (landowner) of Sandila in Hardoi district of what was then Oudh (now a part of Uttar Pradesh). The match was arranged by Sir Malcolm Hailey and the marriage was entirely harmonious. Two years after the wedding, her father died in 1931. Shortly after this happened, her in-laws came and took her away to Sandila, which was to be her home in life and where she lies buried after her death. In Sandila, Qudsia came to be addressed after her husband's name as "Begum Aijaz Rasool," and this is the name by which she is known in all public records.
Political career.
With the enactment of the "Government of India Act 1935", the couple joined the Muslim League and entered electoral politics. In the 1937 elections, she was one of the few women who successfully contested from a non-reserved seat and was elected to the U.P legislative assembly. Begum Aijaz Rasul remained a member until 1952. She held the office of the Deputy President of the council from 1937 to 1940 and acted as the Leader of Opposition in the council from 1950 to 1952–54. She was the first woman in India and the first Muslim woman in the world to reach this position. Despite her family background, she was known for her strong support for zamindari abolition. She also strongly opposed the demand for separate electorates based on religion.
In 1946, she was elected to the Constituent Assembly of India and was one of 28 Muslim League members who finally joined. She was the only Muslim woman in the Assembly. In 1950, the Muslim League in India dissolved and Begum Aijaz Rasul joined the Congress. She was elected to the Rajya Sabha in 1952-54 and was a member of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly from 1969 to 1989.
Between 1969 and 1971, she was the Minister for Social Welfare and Minorities. In 2000, she was awarded a Padma Bhushan for her contribution to social work.
Role in the Constituent Assembly.
With the partition of India, only a handful of Muslim League members joined the Constituent Assembly of India. Begum Aizaz Rasul was elected the Deputy Leader of the Delegation and the Deputy leader of Opposition in the Constituent Legislative Assembly. When Chaudhry Khaliquzzaman, the party leader left for Pakistan, Begum Aijaz succeeded him as the leader of the Muslim League and became a member of the Minority Rights Drafting Subcommittee.
Begum Aijaz Rasul was instrumental in creating consensus amongst the Muslim leadership to voluntarily give up the demand for reserved seats for religious minorities. During the discussions pertaining to the right of minorities in an assembly of the Drafting Committee, she opposed the idea of having 'separate electorates' for Muslims. She quoted the idea as 'a self-destructive weapon which separates the minorities from the majority for all time'. By 1949, the Muslim members who wished for the retention of separate electorates came around to accept Begum's appeal.
Sports patronage.
She held the office of President of the Indian Women Hockey Federation for 20 years and was also President of the Asian Women's Hockey Federation. The Indian Women's Hockey Cup is named after her (Begum Rasul trophy). Maintaining a keen interest in sport, she even donned men's whites to bat for the Presidents XI vs. the Prime Minister's XI, goodwill match in 1952.
Writings.
A widely traveled person, Begum Rasul was a member of Prime Minister’s Goodwill Delegation to Japan in 1953 and Indian Parliamentary Delegation to Turkey in 1955. She also took keen interest in literature and authored the book "Three Weeks in Japan" and contributed to various newspapers and magazines. Her autobiography is titled "From Purdah to Parliament: A Muslim Woman in Indian Politics".

</doc>
<doc id="6974893" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974893" title="Diougou">
Diougou



</doc>
<doc id="6974894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974894" title="Judge Trev Thoms">
Judge Trev Thoms



</doc>
<doc id="6974901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974901" title="Pentanchus profundicolus">
Pentanchus profundicolus



</doc>
<doc id="6974905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974905" title="Miura Hayasaka">
Miura Hayasaka



</doc>
<doc id="6974907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974907" title="Cavally">
Cavally

Cavally may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6974910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974910" title="Pentanchus">
Pentanchus



</doc>
<doc id="6974916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974916" title="Classic Rewind">
Classic Rewind



</doc>
<doc id="6974920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974920" title="Bunching">
Bunching

Bunching can refer to:
Within the Wikipedia community it can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6974921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974921" title="CalcificTendonitis">
CalcificTendonitis



</doc>
<doc id="6974924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974924" title="Begum Kudsia Aizaz Rasul">
Begum Kudsia Aizaz Rasul



</doc>
<doc id="6974930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974930" title="British R-class submarine">
British R-class submarine

The R-class submarines were a class of 12 small British diesel-electric submarines built for the Royal Navy during World War I, and were forerunners of the modern attack submarine, in that they were designed specifically to attack and sink enemy submarines, their battery capacity and hull shape being optimized for underwater performance.
With a submerged speed of , the class set an underwater speed record not broken until the experimental Japanese Submarine No.71 of 1938, which was capable of more than submerged.
Description.
Ordered in December 1917, the R class were designed to be faster underwater than on the surface, achieving a submerged speed of versus a surfaced speed of . They were well-streamlined, having no external ballast tanks, casing, or deck gun, and a streamlined spindle-shaped hull of circular cross-section (not reproduced until the American USS "Albacore") which tapered sharply towards the stern and allowed only for a single screw. The bulbous bow contained five sensitive hydrophones and the lightened conning tower was also well-streamlined.
Thirty-five per cent of the space inside the pressure hull was occupied by machinery. A single 8-cylinder diesel engine was installed for surface propulsion, while high underwater speed was given by two large electric motors arranged one behind the other to drive the single propeller shaft, and powered by a 200-cell battery of the same type fitted to J-class submarines. The large battery was, however, sufficient for only about an hour at full power. In addition, the engine took a full day to charge the batteries, using half its power. Charging was therefore undertaken in harbour, using a supply of electricity from the shore or from special battery charging vessels.
Despite being designed for maximum underwater performance, the R-class submarines were extremely difficult to control submerged, especially at high speeds. Surfaced, they had poor seakeeping and were slow. Minor modifications were made to , the only submarine of the class to survive into the 1930s, which made it more manageable on the surface, but reduced its submerged speed to a maximum .
Armament.
The R class were the first Royal Navy submarines to be fitted with six bow torpedo tubes, number of torpedoes being considered more important than range or size of warhead carried when attacking U-boats. The torpedo tubes were originally the smaller but later changed to 21 inch (533 mm). As designed, one spare torpedo was allowed for, but in operation six reloads were carried in place of the senior ratings' accommodation. It was originally intended to fit a gun on the foredeck, but this was dropped due to the adverse effect it would have had on submerged speed.
Construction.
"R1" through "R4" were ordered from Chatham, "R5" and "R6" from Devonport (later changed to Pembroke), "R7" and "R8" from Vickers, "R9" and "R10" from Armstrong, and "R11" and "R12" from Cammell Laird. In August 1919, with World War I over, "R5" and "R6" were cancelled, the rest being completed. To save time, they used H-class components.
Service.
Operating out of Killybegs, County Donegal, one of the class reportedly tracked and fired on a German U-boat in October 1918, firing a full salvo of six torpedoes. Only one hit, but it failed to detonate.
All but "R4" and "R10" were sold for scrap in 1923. The two survivors were relegated to ASW training at Portland. Pitched against poor performing naval trawlers, the trawlers were no match to the high performance of the submarines. "R10" was sold in 1929, while "R4" survived as a fast underwater target at Portland until 1934.
R-class submarines.
 * Cancelled while under construction

</doc>
<doc id="6974931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974931" title="Don't Forget about Us">
Don't Forget about Us



</doc>
<doc id="6974943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974943" title="M postcode area">
M postcode area

The M postcode area, also known as the Manchester postcode area, is a group of postcode districts in the North West of England.
The districts are subdivisions of three post towns: Manchester, Salford, and Sale, and cover parts of all ten boroughs of Greater Manchester, primarily the cities of Manchester and Salford and the majority of the borough of Trafford. The M postcode area is one of six with a population above 1 million.
Mail for the M postcode area is processed at Manchester Mail Centre, along with mail for the BL, OL, and SK postcode areas.
Coverage.
The approximate coverage of the postcode districts:
! M1
! M2
!rowspan=2|M3
! M4
! M5
! M6
! M7
! M8
! M9
! M11
! M12
! M13
! M14
! M15
! M16
! M17
! M18
! M19
! M20
! M21
! M22
! M23
! M24
! M25
! M26
! M27
! M28
! M29
! M30
! M31
! M32
! M33
! M34
! M35
! M38
! M40
! M41
! M43
! M44
! M45
! M46
! M50
! M60&lt;br&gt;
! M60&lt;br&gt;
! M60&lt;br&gt;
! M60&lt;br&gt;
! M60&lt;br&gt;
! M60&lt;br&gt;
! M61
! M90
! M99
Changes.
The M50 district of Salford was formed out of west of M5 in 2002.
Former scheme.
Before the introduction of postcodes in the 1960s, Manchester along with other major cities like Birmingham, Liverpool and Sheffield was divided into numbered postcode districts. With a few exceptions these numbers made up the outcode (the first part of the postcode). The districts were based on Manchester and Salford together and districts outside the city boundaries were also included.
For example, the City Centre had postcode districts 1–4 (north-east, south, west and north-west respectively: Manchester 1 was around Piccadilly and 4 was around Victoria). 5, 6, 7 and 8 were in Salford and then the sequence continued across north Manchester and so round to M17 (Trafford Park). M18 onwards were further out still.

</doc>
<doc id="6974945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974945" title="Cult Maniax">
Cult Maniax

The Cult Maniax are an English punk rock band that formed in Great Torrington, Devon, in 1978. They had three indie hits in the mid-1980s before splitting up, although they reformed in the 1990s for occasional performances.
History.
The name is derived from the concept of the band being the Cult and their fans being the Maniax. Their first live performance was at the school that Rico Sergeant, Foxy Steer, and Mildew Mules attended. Other gigs followed, and the band started to gain a large following.
Their first release, the "Black Horse" EP, attracted newspaper headlines in 1982. The Black Horse was, and still is, a public house in Torrington. The lyrics of the title track "Black Horse" (written by Alan "Big Al" Mitchell) expressed his dissatisfaction at the landlord's attitude toward the punk generation. The band sold 200 copies of the single before a court case forced them to hand over the master copies and destroy all remaining copies. Some further copies were sold with the offending track scratched out. The original single can often be found on auction sites, attracting prices in the region of £50 for a mint copy. Soon after the release of the "Frenzie" EP, Sargeant left the band.
To take the guitar spot, the band brought in Paul Bennett and worked on the release of the follow-up, "Blitz," released on their own Elephant Rock label, which sold over 20,000 copies before it was also banned due to the B-side "Lucy Looe"'s references to oral sex. The band's only album, "Cold Love", was released in 1983 by American Phonograph and was mixed without the band's involvement. More successful was their 1984 EP "Full of Spunk", which spent three months on the UK Indie Chart, peaking at number 11. Further success followed with "The Amazing Adventures of Johnny the Duck" and the "Where Do We All Go?" live EP, but the band had run out of ideas and split up in 1986. The band (apart from Sargeant) reunited in 1987 under the name The Vibe Tribe, releasing the "Skylark Boogie" single, but this was short-lived.
The band reunited again (apart from Sargeant) for a performance at the first (now annual) Punx Picnic held in Plymouth in September 1996, and they continue to perform occasional gigs.
In their recording career, they released four singles, one album, and two 12 inch singles. A CD of one of their performances at the Adam and Eves Club in Leeds was issued after they disbanded. As The Vibe Tribe, they released one single. Big Al and Mil went on to form a band called the Sweet Thangs, which released an EP. Big Al can still be seen in 2006 in a duet called Free Born Men. Mil has kept his hand in playing in numerous bands, most notably The Desperate Men with Jez Evans (Electric Orange) and Shaun Collingham (Naked I), who both also appeared with the rest of the Cult Maniax (apart from Sargeant and Steer) in several reformation gigs. Mil can presently be found playing the drums in a four-piece called Sons of Gods.
In June 2015, the band released a 14-track studio album titled The Curse of the Cult Maniax. The album was produced by Mil, the drummer, and is available through Bandcamp.
Mitchell is now the town cryer in Torrington.
Band members.
Foxy - Bass.
Discography.
The Curse Of The Cult Maniax. ( Shoestring Studio 2015).

</doc>
<doc id="6974948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974948" title="The Vault (Sirius)">
The Vault (Sirius)

The Vault was a Deep Album Cuts Classic rock music channel that aired on Sirius Satellite Radio channel 16 and Dish Network channel 6016. The channel was officially dropped on November 12, 2008 because of the Sirius-XM merger, and replaced by XM's Deep Tracks.
The Vault was one of the early satellite stations to broadcast in Dolby matrix surround sound.
The station advertised itself as one that would play deep cuts of classic rock, and "Entertainment Weekly" described The Vault as "a channel that spins less-familiar songs by dad-rock favorites like Eric Clapton and the Kinks". The station aired a week-long marathon of Pink Floyd and David Gilmour tracks in March 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="6974953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974953" title="Spex Design Corporation">
Spex Design Corporation

Spex Design Corporation was a kit car manufacturer based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The company was founded by Paul Deutschman (also known for the T-Rex, Porsche Spexter and Callaway cars like the C7 Corvette and CS Camaro) and Kell Warshaw in 1982. The company made a kit called "Spex Elf" that was somewhere between a body kit and a kit car based on the first-generation (1973–1979) Honda Civic. By cutting off the roof and side panels and adding a steel subframe and fibreglass body, it allowed a quite easy conversion of a Honda Civic into a roadster. The kit used many parts from the donor Civic, but the front light came from the Honda Accord and the rear light from Mercury Capri. The company made about 20 kits before selling the molds.

</doc>
<doc id="6974956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974956" title="2003–04 Nationalliga A season">
2003–04 Nationalliga A season

The 2003–04 NLA season was the 66th regular season of the Nationalliga A, the main professional ice hockey league in Switzerland.
Regular season.
Scoring leaders.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Playoffs.
Scoring leaders.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Playout round.
Teams ranked from 9 - 13 after regular season, played 2 games against each other.
Final standings.
EHC Basel is relegated to Nationalliga B.
League qualification.
HC Lausanne stays in Nationalliga A.

</doc>
<doc id="6974957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974957" title="Muse magazine">
Muse magazine



</doc>
<doc id="6974959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974959" title="Jaipur Lok Sabha constituency">
Jaipur Lok Sabha constituency

Jaipur () is one of the 25 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in the Indian state of Rajasthan. It comprises the city of Jaipur and parts of Sanganer tehsil, both in Jaipur district. It was established in 1952 and as of 2024, it is represented by Manju Sharma of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Jaipur Lok Sabha constituency comprises eight Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments.

</doc>
<doc id="6974962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974962" title="Hostiensis">
Hostiensis



</doc>
<doc id="6974968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974968" title="Confédération Générale du Travail">
Confédération Générale du Travail



</doc>
<doc id="6974976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974976" title="Death valley racetrack">
Death valley racetrack



</doc>
<doc id="6974982" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974982" title="Sailing stones">
Sailing stones

Sailing stones (also called sliding rocks, walking rocks, rolling stones, and moving rocks) are part of the geological phenomenon in which rocks move and inscribe long tracks along a smooth valley floor without animal intervention. The movement of the rocks occurs when large, thin sheets of ice floating on an ephemeral winter pond move and break up due to wind. Trails of sliding rocks have been observed and studied in various locations, including Little Bonnie Claire Playa, in Nevada, and most famously at Racetrack Playa, Death Valley National Park, California, where the number and length of tracks are notable.
Description.
The Racetrack's stones speckle the playa floor, predominantly in the southern portion. Historical accounts identify some stones around from shore, yet most of the stones are found relatively close to their respective originating outcrops. Three lithologic types are identified:
This dolomite composes nearly all stones found in the northern half of the playa, and originates at a steep promontory, high, paralleling the east shore at the south end of the playa. Intrusive igneous rock originates from adjacent slopes (most of those being tan-colored feldspar-rich syenite). Tracks are often up to long, about wide, and typically much less than deep. Most moving stones range from about in diameter.
Stones with rough bottoms leave straight striated tracks, while those with smooth bottoms tend to wander. Stones sometimes turn over, exposing another edge to the ground and leaving a different track in the stone's wake.
Trails differ in both direction and length. Rocks that start next to each other may travel parallel for a time, before one abruptly changes direction to the left, right, or even back to the direction from which it came. Trail length also varies – two similarly sized and shaped rocks may travel uniformly, then one could move ahead or stop in its track.
A balance of specific conditions is thought to be needed for stones to move:
Research history.
At Racetrack Playa, these tracks have been studied since the early 1900s, yet the origins of stone movement were not confirmed and remained the subject of research for which several hypotheses existed. However, as of August 2014, timelapse video footage of rocks moving has been published, showing the rocks moving at high wind speeds within the flow of thin, melting sheets of ice. The scientists have thus identified the cause of the moving stones to be ice shove.
Early investigation.
The first documented account of the sliding rock phenomenon dates to 1915, when a prospector named Joseph Crook from Fallon, Nevada, visited the Racetrack Playa site. In the following years, the Racetrack sparked interest from geologists Jim McAllister and Allen Agnew, who mapped the bedrock of the area in 1948 and published the earliest report about the sliding rocks in a Geologic Society of America Bulletin. Their publication gave a brief description of the playa furrows and scrapers, stating that no exact measurements had been taken and suggesting that furrows were the remnants of scrapers propelled by strong gusts of wind – such as the variable winds that produce dust-devils – over a muddy playa floor. Controversy over the origin of the furrows prompted the search for the occurrence of similar phenomena at other locations. Such a location was found at Little Bonnie Claire Playa in Nye County, Nevada, and the phenomenon was studied there, as well.
Naturalists from the National Park Service later wrote more detailed descriptions and "Life" magazine featured a set of photographs from the Racetrack. In 1952, a National Park Service Ranger named Louis G. Kirk recorded detailed observations of furrow length, width, and general course. He sought simply to investigate and record evidence of the moving rock phenomenon, not to hypothesize or create an extensive scientific report. Speculation about how the stones move started at this time. Various and sometimes idiosyncratic possible explanations have been put forward over the years that have ranged from the supernatural to the complex. Most hypotheses favored by interested geologists posit that strong winds when the mud is wet are at least in part responsible. Some stones weigh as much as a human, which some researchers, such as geologist George M. Stanley, who published a paper on the topic in 1955, feel is too heavy for the area's winds to move. After extensive track mapping and research on rotation of the tracks in relation to ice floe rotation, Stanley maintained that ice sheets around the stones either help to catch the wind or that ice floes initiate rock movement.
Progress in the 1970s.
Bob Sharp and Dwight Carey started a Racetrack stone movement monitoring program in May 1968. Eventually, 30 stones with fresh tracks were labeled and stakes were used to mark their locations. Each stone was given a name and changes in the stones' positions were recorded over a seven-year period. Sharp and Carey also tested the ice floe hypothesis by corralling selected stones. A corral in diameter was made around a wide, track-making stone with seven rebar segments placed apart. If a sheet of ice around the stones either increased wind-catching surface area or helped move the stones by dragging them along in ice floes, then the rebar should at least slow down and deflect the movement. Neither appeared to occur; the stone barely missed a rebar as it moved to the northwest out of the corral in the first winter. Two heavier stones were placed in the corral at the same time; one moved five years later in the same direction as the first, but its companion did not move during the study period. This indicated that if ice played a part in stone movement, then ice collars around stones must be small.
Ten of the initial 30 stones moved in the first winter with Mary Ann (stone A) covering the longest distance at . Two of the next six monitored winters also had multiple stones move. No stones were confirmed to have moved in the summer, and in some winters, none or only a few stones moved. In the end, all but two of the monitored stones moved during the seven-year study. At in diameter, Nancy (stone H) was the smallest monitored stone. It also moved the longest cumulative distance, , and the greatest single winter movement, . The largest stone to move was .
Karen (stone J) is a block of dolomite and weighs an estimated . Karen did not move during the monitoring period. The stone may have created its long, straight and old track from momentum gained from its initial fall onto the wet playa. However, Karen disappeared sometime before May 1994, possibly during the unusually wet winter of 1992 to 1993. Removal by artificial means is considered unlikely due to the lack of associated damage to the playa that a truck and winch would have caused. A possible sighting of Karen was made in 1994, from the playa. Karen was rediscovered by San Jose geologist Paula Messina in 1996.
Continued research in the 1990s.
Professor John Reid led six research students from Hampshire College and the University of Massachusetts Amherst in a follow-up study in 1995. They found highly congruent trails from stones that moved in the late 1980s and during the winter of 1992–93. At least some stones were proved beyond a reasonable doubt to have been moved in ice floes that may be up to wide. Physical evidence included swaths of lineated areas that could only have been created by moving thin sheets of ice. Consequently, both wind alone and wind in conjunction with ice floes are thought to be motive forces.
Physicists Bacon "et al." studying the phenomenon in 1996, informed by studies in Owens Dry Lake Playa, discovered that winds blowing on playa surfaces can be compressed and intensified because of a playa's smooth, flat surfaces. They also found that boundary layers (the region just above ground where winds are slower due to ground drag) on these surfaces can be as low as . As a result, stones just a few centimeters high feel the full force of ambient winds and their gusts, which can reach in winter storms. Such gusts are thought to be the initiating force, while momentum and sustained winds keep the stones moving, possibly as fast as a moderate run.
Wind and ice both are the favored hypothesis for these sliding rocks. Noted in "Surface Processes and Landforms", Don J. Easterbrook mentions that because of the lack of parallel paths between some rock paths, this could be caused by degenerating ice floes resulting in alternate routes. Though the ice breaks up into smaller blocks, it is still necessary for the rocks to slide.
21st-century developments.
Further understanding of the geologic processes at work in Racetrack Playa goes hand in hand with technological development. In 2009, development of inexpensive time-lapse digital cameras allowed the capturing of transient meteorological phenomena including dust devils and playa flooding. These cameras were aimed at capturing various stages of the previously mentioned phenomena, though discussion of the sliding stones ensued. The developers of photographic technology describe the difficulty of capturing the Racetrack's stealthy rocks, as movements only occur about once every three years, and they believed, lasted about 10 seconds. Their next identified advancement was wind-triggered imagery, vastly reducing the ten million seconds of nontransit time they had to sift through.
It was postulated that small rafts of ice form around the rocks and the rocks are buoyantly floated off the soft bed, thus reducing the reaction and friction forces at the bed. Since this effect depends on reducing friction, and not on increasing the wind drag, these ice cakes need not have a particularly large surface area if the ice is adequately thick, as the minimal friction allows the rocks to be moved by arbitrarily light winds.
Reinforcing the "ice raft" theory, a research study pointed out narrowing trails, intermittent springs, and trail ends having no rocks. The study identified that water drained from higher area into the Playa while ice covered the intermittent lake. This suggests that this water buoyantly lifts the ice floes with embedded rocks until friction with the playa bed is reduced sufficiently for wind to move them and cause the observed tracks. The study also analyses an artificial ditch intended to prevent visitors from driving on the playa, and concludes that it may interfere with rock sliding.
In 2020, NASA ruled out the potential reasons for the stones moving results from the microbial mats and wind-generated water waves based on a fossil of dinosaur footprints.
Explanation.
News articles reported the mystery solved when researchers observed rock movements using GPS and time-lapse photography. The largest rock movement the research team witnessed and documented was on December 20, 2013 and involved more than 60 rocks, with some rocks moving up to 224 metres (245 yards) between December 2013 and January 2014 in multiple movement events. These observations contradicted earlier hypotheses of strong winds or thick ice floating rocks off the surface. Instead, rocks move when large ice sheets a few millimeters thick floating in an ephemeral winter pond start to break up during sunny mornings. These thin floating ice panels, frozen during cold winter nights, are driven by light winds and shove rocks at up to 5 m/min (0.3 km/h; 0.2 mph). Some GPS-measured moves lasted up to 16 minutes, and a number of stones moved more than five times during the existence of the playa pond in the winter of 2013–14.
Possible influence of climate change.
Because rock movement relies on a rare set of circumstances, the usually dry playa being flooded and the water freezing, drier winters and warmer winter nights would cause such circumstances to occur less often. A statistical study by Ralph Lorenz and Brian Jackson examining published reports of rock movements suggested (with 4:1 odds) an apparent decline between the 1960s–1990s, and the 21st century.
Theft and vandalism of rocks.
On May 30, 2013, the "Los Angeles Times" reported that park officials were looking into the theft of several of the rocks from the Death Valley National Park.
In August 2016, around of tire tracks were left in the playa by someone driving around it illegally. A photographer visiting in September also noted the initials 'D' and 'K' newly carved into one of the rocks. Although reports at the time suggested investigators had identified a suspect, the vandal had not been identified in March 2018, when a team of volunteers cleaned the tire tracks from the Racetrack using gardening tools and of water.

</doc>
<doc id="6974998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974998" title="Andoni Aranaga">
Andoni Aranaga

Andoni Aranaga Azkune (born 1 January 1979) is a Spanish former professional road bicycle racer, who rode professionally between 2004 and 2007 for the , Kaiku and teams. Aranaga won stages in the Vuelta a Asturias and the Volta a la Comunitat Valenciana in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="6975000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975000" title="Aga Khan Mzizima Secondary School">
Aga Khan Mzizima Secondary School



</doc>
<doc id="6975006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975006" title="Portus Romanus">
Portus Romanus



</doc>
<doc id="6975008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975008" title="Ammenmärchen">
Ammenmärchen



</doc>
<doc id="6975010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975010" title="Calcific Tendonitis">
Calcific Tendonitis



</doc>
<doc id="6975013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975013" title="Rex (airline)">
Rex (airline)



</doc>
<doc id="6975016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975016" title="Stromness, South Georgia">
Stromness, South Georgia

Stromness is an abandoned whaling station on the northern coast of South Georgia Island in the South Atlantic. It was the destination of Sir Ernest Shackleton's rescue journey in 1916. It is the central of three harbours in the west side of Stromness Bay, South Georgia.
The name "Fridtjof Nansen" or Nansen appeared for this harbour on some early charts, but since about 1920, the name Stromness has been consistently used. Its name, Stromness, derives from the similarly named town in the Orkney Islands, Scotland.
History.
In 1907, a "floating factory" was erected in Stromness Harbour; a land station was built in 1912. From 1912 until 1931, Stromness operated as a whaling station, the first manager of which was Thoralf Sørlle, who was manager every season (except 1917/18 and 1918/19) through to its closure as a whaling station in 1931. It was then converted into a ship repair yard with a machine shop and a foundry. It remained operational until 1961, when the site was abandoned. 
In 1916, Ernest Shackleton and a small crew landed on the unpopulated southern coast of South Georgia at King Haakon Bay after an arduous sea voyage from Elephant Island in the lifeboat, . Shackleton, along with Tom Crean and Frank Worsley, then trekked across South Georgia's mountainous and glaciated interior in an effort to reach help on the populated northern shore of the island.
After 36 hours of crossing the interior, they arrived at Stromness and asked to see the manager and were taken to his dwelling. At each of the whaling stations on the island the managers dwelling is called the "Villa" because it represents relative luxury compared to its surroundings. All men were later rescued from Elephant Island.
In the decades following its closure, Stromness has been subject to damage from the elements and many of its buildings have been reduced to ruins. However, recent proposals have been made to restore the "Villa" and clean up debris from the rest of the site in order to make it safe for visitors. Outside of Stromness is a small whalers' cemetery with 14 grave markers.

</doc>
<doc id="6975023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975023" title="Jam On">
Jam On



</doc>
<doc id="6975025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975025" title="Aerosud">
Aerosud

Aerosud is a group of companies with Aerosud Holdings as the parent company. The group is a South African aeronautical engineering and manufacturing company. Aerosud Aerospace was renamed Paramount Aerospace following its acquisition by Paramount Group and Aerosud Innovation and Training Centre (ITC) was incorporated in the AHRLAC Holdings Ahrlac of companies during a 2014 restructuring.
History.
Aerosud was formed during 1990 by a number of former employees of the Atlas Aircraft Corporation, including several key designers of Denel Rooivalk attack helicopter and similar leading engineers involved in the Atlas Cheetah fighter program (a locally-developed upgrade of the Dassault Mirage III fighter). One designer Paul Potgieter, became the company's managing director. The entity initially focused itself on the aeromechanical sector. Aerosud's early years of operation were marked by a feud between itself and Atlas, which was only resolved over a decade later.
The company's first major contract involved the re-engining of the Dassault Mirage F1 with the Soviet-sourced Klimov RD-33 engine most commonly used to power the Mikoyan MiG-29 fighter. This project was intended to demonstrate a viable upgrade path for Mirage F1 operators, particularly South African Air Force (SAAF). The South African government ultimately decided to acquire the Swedish Saab JAS 39 Gripen; despite this, the fighter was a technical success and has been used for decades by Aerosud as a company demonstrator. The programme was also viewed as a useful primer for future international collaboration.
During the mid-1990s, Aerosud embarked on a diversification into the commercial aviation market, becoming involved in the design of galleys and other interior systems. Aerosud since became an internationally recognised supplier for interior systems.
Around 2000, Aerosud embarked upon major expansion of its production capacity. From the company's premises outside of Pretoria, South Africa, it manufactures around 2,000 parts and assemblies per day and supplies these to the assembly lines of various international aerospace manufacturers, including Airbus, Boeing, BAE Systems, and AgustaWestland. Under a 15-year strategic partnership deal with Boeing, Aerosud constructed a new manufacturing plant near Pretoria to build cabin elements, having been appointed the sole supplier of interior composites and thermoplastic frames across Boeing's range.
By 2006, the firm has become deeply involved in numerous civilian and military aviation engineering projects, covering aspects such as design, development, prototyping, manufacture and in service support. That same year, Aerosud was appointed to perform both the design and manufacture of interior elements of the Airbus A400M Atlas. The firm's involvement in the programme continued even following the SAAF's decision to cancel its A400M order. Two years prior, the company had become involved as a subcontractor in the Airbus A320 family, manufacturing elements such leading edge wing components and the avionics bay subassemblies.
During late 2009, Aerosud commenced work on the upgrading of the SAAF's fleet of Pilatus PC-9 trainer aircraft, installing a glass cockpit and a modern avionics suite, as well as removing obsolete equipment. That same year, the South African defense company Paramount Group purchased a 19% stake in Aerosud.
During the 2010s, the company became involved in the AHRLAC Holdings Ahrlac, a light attack and reconnaissance aircraft; it was originally being developed as a joint venture with Paramount Group.
Aerosud restructured in 2014 with the Industrial Development Corporation (IDC) taking up 25% shareholding in Aerosud Holdings and some of the founding members exciting the company partially or completely. Aerosud Aerospace was sold to Paramount Group and subsequently renamed as Paramount Aerospace, whilst Aerosud Innovation and Training Centre (ITC) that housed the development of the AHRLAC aircraft was spun out in a separate group owned at the time by the Potgieter and Itchikowitz families. Following the restructuring Aerosud focused solely on commercial aerospace activities.
During September 2014, a three-party collaborative agreement was signed by Denel Aerostructures, Aerosud and Airbus to create a 10-year investment plan for the development of more sophisticated manufacturing techniques; the agreement was viewed as a step towards a greater presence on the competitive global supply chain of Airbus and other original equipment manufacturers. With the demise of Denel Aerostructures and the chronic financial troubles South African Airways (as an off-take catalyst for Airbus) finds itself in this agreement never developed its potential.
Since 2014 Aerosud expressed its interest in adding structural composites as a new offering. It acquired a patented and innovative tooling and production technology, Cellular Core Technology (CCT) that allows the production of complex shaped, multi cell structural composites in a single curing process. The technology allows for highly optimized designs (weight reduction) and reduced labour cost with a lot of assembly work eliminated. Although the technical community at OEMs showed a lot of enthusiasm for CCT only prototype\demonstrator components have been successfully launched.

</doc>
<doc id="6975029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975029" title="Tamara Drewe">
Tamara Drewe

Tamara Drewe is a graphic novel by Posy Simmonds. It first appeared as a weekly serial with a thirteen month run in "The Guardian"s Review section. It is a modern reworking of Thomas Hardy's 1874 novel "Far from the Madding Crowd". 
The story was adapted into a feature film starring Gemma Arterton.
Plot.
The story is set in Stonefield, a writer's retreat run by Beth and Nicholas Hardiman, where the novelist Glen Larson stays to find inspiration for his latest novel. Tamara Drewe, a young gossip columnist, has returned to her family home nearby. Her sexy looks have every man in the village falling for her. When she has a relationship with rock star Ben Sergeant she unknowingly inflames two teenage schoolgirl fans of his, Casey and Jody, who start to involve themselves in her affairs.
Publication history.
The first episode appeared "The Guardian" on 17 September 2005, in the first Berliner-sized Saturday edition.
Collected editions.
The complete work was published as a single volume with hardcover (Jonathan Cape, November 2007, ) and softcover editions (Mariner Books, October 2008, ; Jonathan Cape, September 2009, ). It has also been translated into French (Editions Denoël, October 2008, ), German (Reprodukt, January 2010, ), Italian (Nottetempo, January 2011, ) and Swedish (Wibom books, October 2011, ).
Awards.
"Tamara Drewe" won the 2009 Prix de la critique.
Film adaptation.
The graphic novel has been adapted into a feature film starring Gemma Arterton and Dominic Cooper and directed by Stephen Frears. Momentum Pictures released the film in the UK on 10 September 2010. The film premièred at the Cannes Film Festival in May 2010

</doc>
<doc id="6975034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975034" title="A Good Heart">
A Good Heart

"A Good Heart" is a song written by Maria McKee and recorded by Northern Irish singer Feargal Sharkey, released as the first single from his self-titled debut album. It was released in September 1985 and became a number-one hit in the United Kingdom, Australia, Belgium, Ireland, and the Netherlands.
Background.
Written by then-Lone Justice frontwoman Maria McKee about her relationship with Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers keyboard player Benmont Tench and produced by the Eurythmics' Dave Stewart, this was former Undertones singer Feargal Sharkey's third solo single. The song was Sharkey's only number one single and stayed at the top of the UK Singles Chart for two weeks in November 1985. However, it fared less well in the US, peaking at No. 74 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Sharkey followed up the single with the Tench-written "You Little Thief". This song was allegedly about Tench's side of the relationship with McKee. However, Tench denies the song is about McKee.
Austin, Texas-based singer-songwriter/guitarist Kris McKay performed a version of the song, featured on the soundtrack for the 1989 Patrick Swayze movie "Road House". In 2007, McKee released her own recording of the track on her album "Late December".
Reception.
Armond White at "Spin" said, "A strong, distinct voice and musical savvy could make anyone a vinyl hero, but the skills of the Undertones' former lead singer are more grating than ingratiating. Sharkey's machine produces an insistent warble—his voice lacks shocks."

</doc>
<doc id="6975035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975035" title="Tregavarah">
Tregavarah

Tregavarah () () is a small hamlet in the parish of Madron in west Cornwall, England, U K. It is approximately 2 miles west of Penzance. Tregavarah Downs is nearby.
Toponymy.
Previous spellings of the name include "Tregeuvoro" (in 1262 and 1327), "Tregouvoro" (1316), "Tregovarra" (1316 and 1384), "Tregewore" (1345), "Tregufora" (1386), "Tregevora" (1451), "Tregovara" (1688) and "Tregavara" from the Tithe Apportionment. The spelling of the name remained "Tregavara" in The Cornishman newspaper which reported on the re-opening services of the Wesleyan chapel on 22 August 1880. In June 1886 over £80 was raised in a bazaar, which provided a new harmonium and the balance going towards the fund for enlarging the vestry.

</doc>
<doc id="6975037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975037" title="Saphenous nerve">
Saphenous nerve

The saphenous nerve (long or internal saphenous nerve) is the largest cutaneous branch of the femoral nerve. It is derived from the lumbar plexus (L3-L4). It is a strictly sensory nerve, and has no motor function. It commences in the proximal (upper) thigh and travels along the adductor canal. Upon exiting the adductor canal, the saphenous nerve terminates by splitting into two terminal branches: the sartorial nerve, and the infrapatellar nerve (which together innervate the medial, anteromedial, posteromedial aspects of the distal thigh). The saphenous nerve is responsible for providing sensory innervation to the skin of the anteromedial leg.
Structure.
It is purely a sensory nerve.
Origin.
The saphenous nerve is the largest and terminal branch of the femoral nerve. It is derived from the lumbar plexus (L3-L4).
Course.
Shortly after the femoral nerve passes under the inguinal ligament, it splits into anterior and posterior divisions by the passage of the lateral femoral circumflex artery (a branch of the profunda femoris artery). The posterior division then gives off the saphenous nerve as it converges with the femoral artery where it passes beneath the sartorius muscle. The saphenous nerve lies in front of the femoral artery, behind the aponeurotic covering of the adductor canal, as far as the opening in the lower part of the adductor magnus muscle. There it diverges from the artery, and emerges from behind the lower edge of the aponeurotic covering of the canal. It descends vertically along the medial side of the knee behind the sartorius muscle, pierces the fascia lata, between the tendons of the sartorius muscle and gracilis muscle. It becomes subcutaneous around 10 cm above the medial epicondyle of the femur.
The nerve then passes along the tibial side of the leg, accompanied by the great saphenous vein. It descends behind the medial border of the tibia, and, at the lower third of the leg, divides into two branches: 
Branches.
The saphenous nerve, about the middle of the thigh, gives off a branch which joins the subsartorial plexus.
At the medial side of the knee it gives off a large infrapatellar branch, which pierces the sartorius muscle and fascia lata. It is distributed to the skin in front of the patella.
Below the knee, the branches of the saphenous nerve (medial crural cutaneous branches) are distributed to the skin of the front and medial side of the leg, communicating with the cutaneous branches of the femoral, or with filaments from the obturator nerve.
Clinical significance.
Procedures such as saphenous vein cutdown or orthopedic surgery that includes incisions or dissection over the distal tibia or medial malleolus can result in damage to the saphenous nerve, resulting in loss of cutaneous sensation in the medial leg. This is due to the intimate path that the saphenous nerve and the great saphenous vein travel. The saphenous nerve is also often damaged during vein harvest for bypass surgery and during trocar placement during knee arthroscopy. There appears to be occasional meaningful individual variation in the pathway of this nerve, such that the illustration of it done for Gray's Anatomy, for example, likely represents an unusual rather than usual course.
The saphenous nerve can experience entrapment syndrome from exercises involving the quadriceps or from prolonged walking or standing. It is characterized by a burning sensation in most patients. Pain often occurs at night, long after the physical exercise which induced it has stopped, and may be aggravated by climbing stairs. Usually, in this case, motor function of the lower leg will not be impaired. This is a key distinction between saphenous nerve neuropathy and lower back radiculopathy. Saphenous nerve neuropathy only demonstrates "sensory alterations", while lumbar radiculopathy will affect the motor, sensory, and deep tendon reflexes of the lower leg.

</doc>
<doc id="6975043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975043" title="Harambe">
Harambe

Harambe ( ; May 27, 1999 – May 28, 2016) was a western lowland gorilla who lived at the Cincinnati Zoo. On May 28, 2016, a three-year-old boy visiting the zoo climbed under a fence into an outdoor gorilla enclosure where he was grabbed and violently dragged and thrown by Harambe. Fearing for the boy's life, a zoo worker shot and killed Harambe. The incident was recorded on video and received broad international coverage and commentary, including controversy over the choice to use lethal force. Several primatologists and conservationists wrote later that the zoo had no other choice under the circumstances, and that it highlighted the danger of zoo animals near humans and the need for better standards of care.
Harambe became the subject of Internet memes, a statue, songs, and other tributes and recognitions.
History.
Early life and upbringing.
Harambe was born at Gladys Porter Zoo in Brownsville, Texas, on May 27, 1999. He was named by Dan Van Coppenolle, a local area counselor who won a naming contest sponsored by the zoo. He came up with the name after listening to the 1988 song "Harambe (Working Together for Freedom)" by Rita Marley, widow of Bob Marley. "Harambee" is a Swahili term for communal labor.
On January 6, 2002, when Harambe was two years old, his mother, Kayla, his 11-month-old brother, Makoko, and his two-year-old half-sister, Uzuri, died of chlorine gas poisoning after chlorine tablets left too close to a space heater released gas into the gorilla enclosure. Harambe was also possibly injured in the accident. 
On September 18, 2014, Harambe was transferred to the Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden, to learn adult gorilla behavior and join a new social group.
Death.
On May 28, 2016, a 3-year-old boy visiting the Cincinnati Zoo fell into the moat at the Gorilla World habitat.
Witnesses said they heard the child say he wanted to go into the gorilla enclosure. The boy then climbed a fence, crawled through of bushes, and then fell into a moat of shallow water. Zoo officials immediately signaled for the three gorillas in the habitat to return inside, and two females did so. However, the third gorilla, the inquisitive male silverback Harambe, climbed down into the moat to investigate the child splashing in the water.
Over the next 10 minutes, Harambe became increasingly "agitated and disoriented" by the screams of onlookers. He carried the child through the water, occasionally propping him up when he sat, or pushing him down when he stood. Harambe exhibited "strutting" behavior—walking around with legs and arms stiffly extended to appear bigger—a bluffing move, though one with inherent danger should he throw or drag the boy around too roughly. Harambe then carried the boy up a ladder out of the moat onto dry land. Afraid for the boy's welfare, zoo officials decided to kill Harambe, doing so with a single rifle shot to the head. Cincinnati firefighters said the boy was between Harambe's legs when the shot was fired.
Harambe was killed one day after his 17th birthday. The boy was given a trauma assessment and transported to Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center; his injuries were non-life-threatening.
Reactions.
Popular reception.
The incident was recorded in a dramatic video by an anonymous bystander and uploaded to YouTube, where it went viral, sparking global publicity and controversy. Some observers said that it was unclear whether Harambe was likely to harm the child. Others called for the boy's parents or the zoo to be held accountable for the gorilla's death. Zoo director Thane Maynard stated, "The child was being dragged around ... His head was banging on concrete. This was not a gentle thing. The child was at risk."
Police investigated possible criminal charges against the parents while the parents defended the zoo's actions. The boy's mother also became the target of online shaming. On June 6, 2016, Ohio prosecutor Joe Deters said that the mother would not face any charges of wrongdoing. The zoo was investigated by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums (AZA), which sets the standards for zoos, and the USDA.
Several vigils took place to honor Harambe's death. A candlelight vigil was held at Hyde Park, Cincinnati. Animal rights activist Anthony Seta spoke at a vigil at Cincinnati Zoo, saying: "I'm not here to decide what was right and what was wrong; the fact is that a gorilla who just celebrated his birthday has been killed."
The shooting was criticized by celebrities, including Ricky Gervais, Brian May, and Piers Morgan. Donald Trump defended the actions of the zoo during his 2016 presidential campaign, stating the zoo employees "probably had no choice", although he said "it was almost like a mother holding a baby".
Reception by scientists.
The incident sparked debate among biologists and primatologists on whether gorillas and other primates should be held in captivity at all. Primatologist Jane Goodall said that according to the video it seemed Harambe was trying to protect the child. She gave a longer explanation in an interview with the president of the International Fund for Animal Welfare, concluding that the zoo had no choice but to kill Harambe. She wrote, "It was awful for the child, the parents, Harambe, the zoo, the keepers and the public. But when people come into contact with wild animals, life and death decisions sometimes have to be made." Goodall said "we will never be able to be 100% sure that people and wildlife won't be injured when they are in such close proximity", and she believed that zoos "with the highest standards of care" could play an important role in the animals' well being.
Zookeeper Jack Hanna strongly defended the zoo's actions, noting that a tranquilizer dart might have taken five or ten minutes to take effect and would have further aggravated Harambe. Primatologist Frans de Waal said he saw few options for the zoo: "A gorilla is so immensely strong that even with the best of intentions—and we are not sure that Harambe had those—the child's death was a probable outcome." Ian Redmond of the Ape Alliance said other options were not tried, such as showing force to bluster the gorilla to back down, or if someone known and trusted by Harambe had tried to calm him.
Cultural impact.
Memes.
Following the killing, Harambe became the subject of multiple viral memes. "Vox" wrote in November that Harambe has an "undeniable status as 2016's meme of the year." "People" magazine wrote that "Harambe continues to live on in the collective mind of the internet, entering into a rarefied state of venerated meme status." One of the most widespread memes was noted by "The Washington Post" and "New York" magazine who observed a proliferation of over-the-top and fake tributes to Harambe. "The idea is, the more intense and more sincere-seeming the expression of mourning is, the funnier the joke." For example, the "Dicks out for Harambe" meme can be seen as a fake tribute to an incident that would normally engender sincere mourning. Aja Romano of "Vox" wrote that "If you were a progressive, the Harambe meme gave you a chance to mock what you viewed as the hypocritical haranguing of the mainstream while avoiding real issues of social justice; and if you were a conservative, the Harambe meme gave you a chance to mock liberal hysteria." One meme is a play on conspiracy theories, such as "Bush did Harambe", a reference to 9/11 conspiracy theories. In Australia, people joked about supporting Harambe's corpse as a write-in candidate on the ballot for the federal election. Public Policy Polling included Harambe in their polling for the U.S. presidential election. Harambe had 5% support in late July 2016 (ahead of Green Party nominee Jill Stein) and 2% in August 2016 (tied with Stein).
Cincinnati Zoo director Thane Maynard reacted negatively: "We are not amused by the memes, petitions and signs about Harambe. Our zoo family is still healing, and the constant mention of Harambe makes moving forward more difficult for us. We are honoring Harambe by redoubling our gorilla conservation efforts and encouraging others to join us." In late August, the zoo deleted its Twitter account after being targeted daily by trolls mentioning Harambe. The zoo resumed its account two months later.
Comedic culture.
As noted by Chris Rosales, "While the gorilla's death is tragic, the culture that has spawned around it is quite comedic." 
A self-described underground culture collective known as "Otaku Gang" released a computer parody fighting game known as "Harambe vs. Capcom", with Harambe being able to fight characters from Capcom's "Street Fighter" franchise.
American rappers Young Thug and Dumbfoundead each released songs entitled "Harambe". The former did so on his 2016 album "Jeffery", each track of which is named after one of his "idols", although the lyrics do not reference the gorilla; the latter likens the fate of the ape to gang violence and police brutality. Canadian dubstep producer Excision included a song titled "Harambe" on his 2016 album "Virus".
On June 16, 2017, satire news site "The Onion" featured a parody article of professional wrestler Big Show being killed by WWE after a seven-year-old boy wandered into his fight cage. On March 30, 2019, Elon Musk released a two-minute rap song titled "RIP Harambe" onto his SoundCloud. The track was performed by Yung Jake, written by him and Caroline Polachek. "Rolling Stone" magazine called the track "a bouncy tribute to Harambe".
On October 18, 2021, the bronze statue "Harambe" was placed in Bowling Green Park in New York City, facing the "Charging Bull" statue, to promote Sapien Network. The statue of Harambe facing the bull, whose feet were surrounded by 10,000 bananas, was a statement about wealth disparity.
In October 2023, a new pedestrian bridge in Mauldin, South Carolina, was listed as "Harambe Memorial Bridge" on Google Maps before the bridge had been officially named. The city was petitioned to keep the proposed name, but in February 2024 it was officially named the Mauldin Gateway Bridge.
Later developments.
In September 2017, the zoo added Mshindi, a 29-year-old male western lowland gorilla transferred from the Louisville Zoo. He joined females Chewie, 21, and Mara, 22, who were present on the day of the killing. At the same time, the zoo created a new indoor habitat where the public can view the gorillas year-round from behind safety glass.
On the 2023 World Gorilla Day (September 24), the feature-length documentary "Harambe" was released. The film is critical of Harambe's killing. It shows new photographs and video footage from the day, and claims new evidence that Harambe was trying to return the boy to his parents.

</doc>
<doc id="6975051" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975051" title="Kamenitsa">
Kamenitsa

Kamenitsa (, also transcribed as "Kamenitza" or "Kamenica", from the word "kamen" – "stone" and the suffix "-itsa") is the name of several locations in Bulgaria:

</doc>
<doc id="6975054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975054" title="Micky Mellon">
Micky Mellon

Michael Joseph Mellon (born 18 March 1972) is a Scottish professional football coach and former player who is the manager of club Oldham Athletic. As a player, he was a midfielder for clubs including Bristol City, West Bromwich Albion, Blackpool, Tranmere and Burnley.
Mellon began his managerial career with Fleetwood Town, where he took the club into the Football League for the first time in their history by winning the 2011–12 Football Conference title. He has overseen six promotions in total as a manager with Fleetwood, Shrewsbury Town, Tranmere and Oldham. After a year with Scottish Premiership club Dundee United, Mellon returned to Tranmere in June 2021 but was dismissed in March 2023. In October 2023, he was appointed as Oldham Athletic manager.
Early life.
Micky Mellon was born in Paisley, Renfrewshire. His family moved to Glasgow when he was nine months old, and he grew up in the South Nitshill area.
Playing career.
Mellon began his career in 1989 as a 17-year-old with Bristol City gaining promotion to the old Second Division, then managed by Joe Jordan. In 1991, he was loaned out for two months to League of Ireland club Cork City, making his League of Ireland debut on 20 October 1991. He made eleven league appearances for Cork, scoring three goals.
He spent four years at Ashton Gate, before joining Midlanders West Bromwich Albion in 1993 for a fee of £75,000. He played 45 league games for West Brom, scoring six goals in their promotion season ending in a play off victory over Port Vale at Wembley. It was his move to Blackpool for a fee of £50,000 in 1994, however, that saw Mellon establish himself as a regular on the team and scoresheet. Under Sam Allardyce's guidance, Mellon made 138 appearances and scored 17 goals in all competitions. He was voted the club's player of the year in the 1995–96 season as the club just missed out on promotion from Division Two.
The season following Allardyce's sacking in 1997, Mellon moved up a division to join Tranmere Rovers, who were then playing in Division One, for a fee of £300,000. He spent two seasons at Prenton Park, followed by another two with Burnley, whom he joined for £350,000 gaining promotion finishing second to Preston North End. He returned to Tranmere Rovers in March 2001 initially on loan, and then on a free transfer. He was released in May 2004.
Mellon joined Kidderminster Harriers in August 2004, signing a two-year contract.
After leaving Harriers, Mellon spent a short spell at Witton Albion in 2005 before joining Lancaster City.
Managerial and coaching career.
Lancaster City and Burnley.
Mellon was appointed as assistant manager of Lancaster City in June 2006. However, on 10 October after an FA Cup defeat to Scarborough he left the club along with four players for financial reasons. He moved to his former club Burnley as a youth team coach, coaching the Under-15 and Under-16 teams.
Fleetwood Town.
Fleetwood chairman Andy Pilley appointed Mellon as manager on 23 September, succeeding Tony Greenwood. Mellon initially divided his time between coaching the Under-15 and Under-16 teams at Burnley and managing Fleetwood. However, on 12 January 2009, his position was made full-time, a first in the history of the club. Mellon led Fleetwood to a successful FA Cup run, reaching the second round for the first time in their history. He introduced a number of new faces to the playing staff, and over the course of the season produced a settled team with increasingly improving league results. Fleetwood finished the season in eighth place, having been bottom of the league when he was appointed.
From the beginning of the 2009–10 season, Fleetwood were seen as serious promotion contenders. By the end of 2009, Southport and Fleetwood had established themselves as the two strongest teams in the league. A 5–0 defeat to Southport on Boxing Day at Haig Avenue appeared to have tipped the balance Southport's way, but this was followed by a 4–0 Fleetwood victory in the return fixture at Highbury on New Year's Day.
The demise of Farsley Celtic late in the season led their entire 2009–10 playing record being expunged, thereby costing Fleetwood three points relative to Southport. Fleetwood appealed against the decision but the appeal was rejected the day before the last match of the season, leaving Southport one point ahead. A final day 2–0 victory over Stalybridge Celtic proved ultimately inadequate in securing the championship as Southport defeated Eastwood Town 3–0 away from home to win the championship, and the automatic promotion place, by one point. A two-legged playoff semi-final against Droylsden away was decided on penalties, as a 2–0 defeat, countered by a 3–1 victory at Highbury. Goalkeeper Danny Hurst saved the last penalty to put Fleetwood through 4–3. The final was played against Alfreton Town at Highbury on 9 May, in front of a new record capacity crowd of 3,592.
Fleetwood defeated Alfreton 2–1 in the play-off final. The team's second-place finish and ultimate promotion to the Conference, the fifth tier of English football, secured the highest position in the club's history since the 1997 re-establishment.
In the 2010–2011 season, Fleetwood finished fifth in the Conference National, losing the play-off semi-final 8–1 on aggregate to Wimbledon.
Fleetwood won the 2011–2012 Conference National, attaining 103 points in the process. Fleetwood progressed to the third round of the FA Cup for the first time in their history; beating Wycombe and Yeovil before finally succumbing 5–1 to neighbours Blackpool in front of a sell-out crowd.
After three defeats in a row, including a second round FA Cup exit to Aldershot Town, Mellon was sacked on 1 December 2012 with Fleetwood in 4th place.
Barnsley.
In December 2012 Mellon was asked to assist David Flitcroft who was caretaker manager at Barnsley following the sacking of Keith Hill. In January 2013 Flitcroft was appointed permanent manager with Mellon as his assistant. Mellon helped to keep Barnsley in the Championship by securing a point at Huddersfield Town on 4 May 2013. On 10 May 2013 he agreed a new deal to stay at Oakwell.
In October 2013 Barnsley turned down two approaches for Mellon from Conference Premier side Forest Green to take over as their Manager. Mellon said "Barnsley had two approaches, but the club turned them down twice because they want to keep me. "So I am happy to stay at Barnsley as long as they want me because the Championship is where I want to be. "(But) I am delighted that there are people who think I can do a job and saw what I achieved at Fleetwood."
On 19 March 2014, Barnsley sacked Mellon. A club statement read: "Barnsley Football Club has (on Wednesday) terminated the employment of assistant manager Micky Mellon and goalkeeping coach Ian Willcock with immediate effect. "The club would like to place on record its thanks to both Micky and Ian for their service and wish them all the best for the future."
Shrewsbury Town.
Mellon was appointed as the new manager of Shrewsbury Town on 12 May 2014, with former caretaker manager Michael Jackson and Danny Coyne remaining as his assistants following the club's relegation back to League Two. Inheriting only a handful of players from the previous regime, Mellon made 16 signings over the close season, reuniting with former Fleetwood Town striker Andy Mangan, and ex-Barnsley players Liam Lawrence and Jordan Clark.
Shrewsbury went unbeaten in their first month of the 2014–15 season, including League Cup upsets over Blackpool and away at Premier League newcomers Leicester City. Despite hitting a difficult run of form in September, they also beat Championship leaders Norwich City to set up a fourth round home tie with Chelsea.
Despite exiting the 2014–15 FA Cup in the second round, a narrow 1–0 away defeat at Preston North End, Shrewsbury enjoyed a highly consistent season in the league, culminating in winning promotion back to the third tier of English football at the first attempt, following a 1–0 away victory at Cheltenham Town on 25 April 2015.
The following season, Mellon led Shrewsbury to the fifth round of the FA Cup for the first time since 1991, notably knocking out Championship opponents Cardiff City and Sheffield Wednesday in the third and fourth rounds respectively. The fifth round saw Shrewsbury draw Manchester United at home for the first ever competitive fixture between the two clubs which subsequently ended Shrewsbury's FA cup run after a 3–0 defeat. Shrewsbury spent much of the league season battling relegation. Despite losing 3–4 at home to Peterborough United in the penultimate game of the season, same day defeats for Doncaster Rovers and Blackpool ensured another season of League One football, with one game to spare.
Tranmere Rovers.
Mellon left Shrewsbury Town on 6 October 2016, after winning only two of the opening eleven games of the 2016–17 season, and was appointed manager of Tranmere Rovers in the National League. On 12 May 2018 Mellon led Tranmere back into the Football League with victory over Boreham Wood in the National League play-off final. On 25 May 2019, Tranmere made it back-to-back promotions, winning the League Two playoff at Wembley, 1–0, over Newport County, thus securing their spot in League One for the 2019–20 season.
By March 2020, the team were within the relegation zone, but with a game in hand on their nearest rivals and on a run of three successive victories. The cancellation of fixtures due to the COVID-19 pandemic meant that the season could not be completed, and a vote was taken by League One clubs on 9 June to resolve promotion and relegation issues on a points per game (PPG) basis. This meant that Tranmere would be relegated to League Two for the 2020/21 season.
Dundee United.
Mellon was appointed as manager of Scottish Premiership club Dundee United on 6 July 2020. It was his first time working in his homeland as either a player or a manager. Mellon left United after the 2020–21 season, in which they finished in 9th place.
Return to Tranmere Rovers.
After his year in Dundee, Mellon returned to Tranmere Rovers for a second spell as manager. Despite a strong start to the season, Mellon was sacked by Tranmere on 19 March 2023 following a 3-1 defeat to Newport County which left the club 14th in League Two. This followed a string of results that included six wins since mid-October.
Oldham Athletic.
On 13 October 2023, Mellon was appointed manager of National League club Oldham Athletic on a three-year contract, taking charge following the club's next fixture. On 1 June 2025, Mellon led Oldham back into the Football League with a dramatic 3-2 extra-time victory over Southend United in the National League play-off final.
Personal life.
Mellon has lived in Blackpool since 1994. He is married to Jane. He opened the very first franchised energie Shokk gym aimed at teenagers with his wife in Blackpool in February 2009. The gym later went out of business in October 2009.
He has co-authored a book about football management, "The First 100 Days: Lessons in Leadership from the Football Bosses", published in March 2021.
He has a son called Michael in the youth academy at Burnley who plays as an attacker.
Honours.
Player.
Individual
Manager.
Fleetwood Town
Shrewsbury Town
Tranmere Rovers
Oldham Athletic
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="6975055" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975055" title="Amenhotep, son of Hapu">
Amenhotep, son of Hapu

Amenhotep, son of Hapu (transcribed "jmn-ḥtp zꜣ ḥꜣp.w"; early-mid 14th century BC) was an ancient Egyptian architect, a priest, a herald, a scribe, and a public official, who held a number of offices under Amenhotep III of the 18th Dynasty.
He was posthumously deified as a god of healing.
Life.
He is said to have been born at the end of Thutmose III's reign, in the town of Athribis (modern Banha in the north of Cairo). His father was Hapu, and his mother Itu. Though little about Amenhotep's early life is known prior to his entering civil service, it is believed that he learned to read and write at the local library and scriptorium. He was a priest and a Scribe of Recruits (organizing the labour and supplying the manpower for the Pharaoh's projects, both civilian and military). He was also an architect and supervised several building projects, among them Amenhotep III's mortuary temple at western Thebes, of which only two statues remain nowadays, known as the Colossi of Memnon, and the creation of the quarry of El-Gabal el-Ahmar, nearby Heliopolis, from which the blocks used to create the Colossi were probably taken. Other plans, such as the portico of the Temple of Karnak, completed under Ramesses II, and those for the Luxor Temple are also attributed to Amenhotep. He may also have been the architect of the Temple of Soleb in Nubia. Amenhotep is noted to have participated in Amenhotep III's first Sed festival, in the 30th year of the king's rule. After this, he is believed to have retired from civil service and become the steward of Princess Sitamun's properties (similar to an asset manager today), and received honours such as the designation of Fan-bearer on the Right Side of the King, among other things. According to some reliefs in the tomb of Ramose, he may have died in the 31st year of Amenhotep III, which would correspond to either 1360 BC or 1357 BC, depending on the chronology used. His death has also been dated to the 35th year of the king.
Legacy.
After his death, his reputation grew and he was revered for his teachings and as a philosopher. He was also revered as a healer and eventually worshipped as a god of healing, like his predecessor Imhotep (Amenhotep and Imhotep are among the few non-royal Egyptians who were deified after their death, and until the 21st century, they were thought to be only two commoners to achieve this status). There are several surviving statues of him as a scribe, portraying him as a young man and as an older man. He was a deified human and thus was depicted only in human form. His cult was initially limited to the Thebes area, with a funerary temple constructed to him during his lifetime next to that of Amenhotep III. This was clearly an exceptional privilege, as it was the only private cult temple to be built among the royal monuments in the area. He continued to be worshipped for at least three centuries after his death, and evidence of this worship persists in a 26th Dynasty votary inscription on a statue dedicated to Amenhotep by a daughter of the pharaoh. During the period of the Ptolemaic Kingdom, his worship saw a resurgence which led to chapels being dedicated to him in the Temple of Hathor at Deir el-Medina and the Mortuary Temple of Hatshepsut at Deir el-Bahari. Statues were erected to him in the Temple of Amun at Karnak and he was treated as an intermediary with the god Amun. Amenhotep also utilised his influence with the king to secure royal patronage for the town of Athribis, for the local god, and the temple dedicated to that god.
Manetho gives a legendary account of how Amenhotep advised a king named Amenophis, who was "desirous to become a spectator of the gods, as had Orus, one of his predecessors in that kingdom, desired the same before him". Manetho states that Amenophis was the son of a "Ramses" and the father of a "Sethos" (Seti) and was later named "Ramses" after the father of Amenophis. Amenophis is commonly identified with Akhenaten also known as Amenhotep IV, while "Orus" fits with the latter's father, Amenhotep III. Manetho relates that the wise man counseled that the king should "clear the whole country of the lepers and of the other impure people" and that the King then sent 80,000 lepers to the quarries. After this the wise man foresaw that the lepers would ally themselves with people coming to their help and subdue Egypt. He put the prophecy into letter to the King and then killed himself. Manetho associates this event with the Exodus of the Israelites from Egypt, but Josephus strongly rejects this interpretation.
Mortuary temple.
Amenhotep was allowed to build his mortuary temple adjacent to that of the pharaoh. This honour is quite rare and indicates that Amenhotep was highly respected by the time of his death, despite the fact that he was a commoner and had only entered civil service at an advanced age, in his late forties. Excavated in 1934 or 1935, it measures metres and is surrounded by three shrines. His first courtyard contained a water basin of considerable depth, fed by groundwater from the Nile. Twenty trees were planted in pits around the basin. The temple at the end of the courtyard was adorned with a pillared portico, and the temple was slightly elevated on a terrace.

</doc>
<doc id="6975057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975057" title="The Spectrum (Sirius XM)">
The Spectrum (Sirius XM)



</doc>
<doc id="6975081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975081" title="The Predator (novel)">
The Predator (novel)



</doc>
<doc id="6975083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975083" title="Cort Guitars">
Cort Guitars

Cort Guitars (Cor-Tek Corporation) is a South Korean guitar manufacturing company located in Seoul. The company is one of the largest guitar makers in the world, and produces instruments for many other companies. It also has factories in Indonesia and China.
Products manufactured by Cort include electric, acoustic and classical guitars, basses, and ukuleles.
History.
Cort Musical Instruments is a South Korean company that produces electric guitars, acoustic guitars, basses and amplifiers. The company was founded in 1960 by Jung-gyu Park, who was the father of the current CEO Young-ho Park. Initially, the company was called Soo Doh Piano and imported pianos from Japan and Europe to meet the growing demand for musical instruments in Korea. However, the business gradually evolved into a manufacturer and sales division, and eventually into a guitar manufacturer in 1973¹. At that time, Soo Doh Piano was an OEM supplier to other foreign brand name companies, such as Ibanez, Yamaha, Epiphone and Squier. The company changed its name to Cort Musical Instruments in 1984 and focused on guitars as it became much more proficient at it than producing pianos. In 1982, Cort released the first Cort-branded guitars¹, which were designed by American luthiers such as Bill Lawrence and Larry Coryell. Cort began production of headless guitars in 1984 with designs exclusively licensed from Ned Steinberger for Cort's own brand as well as for brands like Hohner and Kramer. This development helped bring the Cort name to the mainstream electric guitar market and attracted the attention of other well-known brand name companies seeking contract guitar manufacturers in Korea¹². Today, Cort is one of the largest guitar makers in the world, with factories in Indonesia, China and Vietnam, as well as its own R&amp;D center in Seoul. Cort produces a wide range of guitars, from entry-level models to high-end custom shop instruments. Cort also collaborates with famous artists such as Gene Simmons, Matt Bellamy, Jeff Berlin and Frank Gambale to create signature models³.
Models.
Cort does not have a specific model of guitar that could be called its “signature”, like the Stratocaster for Fender or the Les Paul for Gibson. Instead, Cort produces a wide variety of electric guitars, acoustic guitars, acoustic bass guitars, and electric basses.
Basses.
In addition to the models currently being made, Cort has produced many others, including the "S" series guitars (Stellar, Sterling, Starlite), the "Viva" guitars, "MGM" (Matt Guitar Murphy), "Freedom" bass (Billy Cox), Neil Zaza, Larry Coryell, "Elrick" bass, "J Triggs" (Jim Triggs), "Katana", and "Effector". Several of the earliest Corts were direct copies of popular models such as the Stratocaster.
Parkwood.
Up until 2006, Cort manufactured a line of high quality guitars under the name 'Cort Parkwood'. In 2006, Cort turned Parkwood into a brand of its own and now does not feature the Cort name or logo. This is a brand sold exclusively through big box stores such as Guitar Center. Cort continues to manufacture the Parkwood brand in South Korea although it is printed "Handcrafted in China" inside the guitar body. The Hybrid series coming from Indonesia.
Masterpiece (MMP) Series electric guitars.
The Cort M-Series is as close to a signature shape as Cort gets across its range. Cort has released a limited production run of MMP series electric guitars from its own custom shop. Somewhere between 25 and 50 of each MMP model were released. So far Cort has released an MMP1, with 'tree of life' inlay up the neck and finished in antique sunburst, an MMP2 and MMP3 available in "transparent cannon blue" and "brown burst" finishes. These guitars are generally highly regarded and appear to be heavily influenced by higher-end PRS models, in both quality standards and style.
Contract production.
Cort's main production focus is not on Cort-brand guitars, but rather on contract work for numerous other companies. Generally, large companies contract Cort to build lower-priced guitars that have that company's brand on them. Ibanez, PRS (SE line), Squier, and G&amp;L Tribute series line of guitars are among the most well-known brands that Cort produces.
Controversy.
Since 1997 controversy has surrounded Korean factories of Cort and Cor-Tek due to its alleged mistreatment of factory workers. Grievances include the closing of its Daejon factory with no advance warning on April 9, 2007, mass redundancies of all staff from its Incheon plant on April 12, 2007, and the firing and mistreatment of union officials and members.
On July 12, 2007, a Cort worker set himself on fire in protest, and on October 15, 2008, workers conducted a 30-day hunger strike and sit-in occupation on a 40-meter electricity tower. Rage Against the Machine guitarist Tom Morello and System of a Down frontman Serj Tankian - both partners in the Axis of Justice - joined representatives of the Cort workers in a protest concert against Cort and Cor-tek on January 13, 2010, at the Nanum Cultural Center in Los Angeles. Morello said "I fully support the Korean workers' demands for justice in the workplace. All American guitar manufacturers and the people that play them should hold Cort accountable for the awful way they have treated their workers."
This controversy went through various legal stages in Korea from 2007 through 2012. Ultimately, Cort received favorable decisions from the Supreme Court in Korea that ended any further liability on Cort's part to the terminated employees. The court ruled that the closure of the plant in 2008 and subsequent layoff were justified.
Investigations into issues of widespread corruption and abuse led to the impeachment of president Park Geun-hye and the arrest of Supreme Court Justice Yang Sung-tae, who had ruled in the Cort labour dispute. These led in 2019 to apologies from Cort and honorary reinstatements of the workers who were laid off in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="6975084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975084" title="Cities and parishes of Macau">
Cities and parishes of Macau



</doc>
<doc id="6975086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975086" title="Metelkova">
Metelkova

Metelkova (full name in , "Metelkova City Autonomous Cultural Centre", referred to by the acronym AKC) is an autonomous social and cultural centre in the city centre of Ljubljana, Slovenia's capital city. Formerly, the site was the military headquarters of the Army of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, then it became the Slovenian headquarters of the Yugoslav People's Army. It consists of seven buildings (military barracks) extended over a total area of , which have been squatted since September 1993. The squat is named after nearby Metelko Street (Slovene: Metelkova ulica), which is named after the 19th-century Slovenian Roman Catholic priest, philologist, and unsuccessful language reformer Fran Metelko.
History.
The contested history of Metelkova as a squat begins on June 25, 1991 with the Slovenian and Croatian declaration of independence. This date is considered one of many that mark the end of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. After the dissolution of Yugoslavia in that year, the Yugoslavian Army left Metelkova, which shortly became a military brownfield with its leftover barracks.
In 1991 the Network for Metelkova, composed of more than 200 alternative and youth organizations, asked the municipality of Ljubljana for permission to use those barracks for peaceful and creative purposes. As a response, Ljubljana authorities gave the Network for Metelkova formal permission to stay and use the site. Nevertheless, those promises given by the municipality were never really maintained. This example on the request for permission demonstrates the ambiguous role of the municipality of Ljubljana towards the Network for Metelkova, in which the municipality seems to allow them to stay there, but in fact it does not want them to stay.
This ambiguous role of the municipality of Ljubljana in regard to Metelkova and its Network has remained over the years. In 1993 the cultural centre became a squat when a commissioner mandated the demolition of some barracks that were promised to the Network, with the aim of illegally reconverting the area into a commercial site. At that time, Metelkova came into being as an illegal occupation (a squat) and was redefined as an autonomous social center in 1995.
Since then, the centre has been a site of tolerance of minorities, even though it is still threatened by the bad treatment it receives by the city and the Slovene state.
Another example of the ambiguity in state and municipality actions towards the Network for Metelkova and Metelkova itself are the subsidies from Ljubljana’s city administration for the construction of a little summer lodge also known as the Small School (from the Slovene: Mala Šola). Nevertheless, the lodge, planned and constructed in 2001 by volunteers, was immediately defined as abusive. In fact, the construction was followed by the request of its demolition, right after another municipal office reported it to the State Inspectorate for the Environment and Spatial Planning. After several failed attempts, the building was demolished on August 2, 2006. Although there are plans to rebuild the building, it has not been reconstructed since then.
In the 2000s, new actors became involved in the Metelkova autonomous zone, for example the LGBT community, other non-governmental organizations and even UNESCO. Although it did not help Metelkova to receive proper legal status, the area was recognized as a national cultural heritage back in 2005.
Squatting activities.
In September 1991 the Network for Metelkova was born, merging the Movement for the Culture of Peace and Nonviolence and The Student Cultural Centre Association. When, in 1993, the Metelkova declared its independence from the communal possession, a group of young activists occupied the site. From 1993 onwards, the site has been occupied, in a declared illegal way, mainly by artists, activists and young students, organising a rich agenda of cultural activities. Nowadays, many artists have their own ateliers in Metelkova and some NGOs and LGBT associations have their offices there. Art exhibitions, performances, concerts and engaged activities have taken place in the buildings of Metelkova.
The development of the Metelkova “brand” as an alternative place can be seen as another reason that can explain the existence of Metelkova: in fact, the municipality of Ljubljana sees the presence of a space of this type in a rather positive way because it attracts a large number of tourists and contributes to the promotion of the Slovenian capital in the world.
Metelkova and concepts of urbanism.
Over the last few years Metelkova, like Christiania in Copenhagen, has been the subject of several studies and reflections on the phenomenon of squatting and on living with different laws and institutions that surround it. These districts mentioned above can be defined as heterotopic spaces since they have been present for decades in parallel to the cities of which they are legally part. Nevertheless, they are characterized by a particular relationship with the authorities of their cities in comparison to other districts.
Nowadays, it can be said that there are three different areas in Metelkova: one part is defined by art and social life, the second by civil engagement and the third is commercial; the squatters act in all three areas mentioned. Metelkova's differentiation into three possible sub-entities can be seen through the arrival of different institutional actors in the neighbourhood, such as the Museum of Contemporary Art, different NGOs and different commercial activities, such as the Hotel Celica, which reuses some of the areas of the old barracks.
Squatters represent the heart of the matter of legality and formality in Metelkova: the autonomous part is considered to be in a legal and administrative limbo defined through tolerance and legitimization toward city's authority. A possible explanation for this situation is to be found in the nature of the squatting in Metelkova: in fact the old buildings of the Yugoslav army are not occupied for the sole purpose of living there, but also for the aim of producing culture. From this perspective, it is possible to determine the beginning of the tolerance: since 1997, when Ljubljana was designated as the European Capital of Culture, Metelkova stopped hosting permanent residents, following an agreement reached with the municipality, whereby the city decided to dedicate the Metelkova buildings to the promotion of culture and art.
Finally, the example of Metelkova can be related to the concept of informality in order to explain the situation: at its very first beginning, Metelkova could be considered as completely informal since the occupation of the military warehouse by the squatters was considered illegal and not rules- and code-compliant. Nowadays the situation has slightly changed: the city of Ljubljana is now linked to the Metelkova’s site, for example thanks to the presence of different institutional actors. It is therefore possible to assume that the situation is constantly changing and that a part of Metelkova is actually normalized and institutionalized, despite the fact that the type of culture and urban development is still not compliant with building codes and urban planning regulation.
Controversies.
In 2005, Metelkova was declared a national cultural heritage site, prevented from being part of an alternative economic development and from attempts for densification and rehabilitation of the sector through urban planning. Moreover, the European Cultural Fund attributes financial support to Metelkova.
This general national and international interest in Metelkova represents a sort of insurance for Metelkova’s durability. Besides, it can support the economy of Ljubljana in a context where culture adds value to cities and contributes to cities’ regeneration. For example, Metelkova on its own is said to contribute for 40% of all the music concerts in Ljubljana.
Metelkova is defined as a self-managed and well-organized community. There is no legal status for the site, and its urbanism is informal. For example, residents of Metelkova initially illegally siphoned water from Ljubljana. However, today Metelkova is legally connected to the city's water system and power grid. Metelkova is considered as a squat and there is not a clear position of political parties about the legitimacy of the cultural hub. This paradox around Metelkova makes it difficult to imagine future decisions, especially because military brownfields are good places for urban densification and rehabilitation through urban planning. Besides, some associations that defend feminism and LGBT communities are located in Metelkova, resulting in some attacks from neo-Nazi and skinhead groups. Those attempts of extremist groups add up to the uncertain future of Metelkova.

</doc>
<doc id="6975095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975095" title="Ingonish">
Ingonish

Ingonish is a popular tourist destination in Victoria County, Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, Canada. The regional economy is tied to fishing and tourism. Tourist facilities include Cape Breton Highlands National Park, the Keltic Lodge, a year-round gravity sports facility, Ski Cape Smokey, and a public golf course, the Highlands Links.
History.
The name may be from the Portuguese or Mi'kmaq languages. French explorer Nicolas Denys visited the area in the 1600s, and he made note of the area's potential as a base of operations for French fishing fleets having good fishing though a harsh coastline and no safe harbour.
In 1854, local farmers plowing a field found an Acadian chapel bell, upon which was inscribed:
An 1885 English translation reads:
The bell was described as being "nearly as large around as an ordinary flour barrel" and weighed 586 pounds. It was ultimately lost after being sold to a foundry owner in Halifax. In another part of Ingonish, the remains of a second church were found. A small cannon of French origin, similar to those found at Neil's Harbour was also found.
According to an official report sent to the Board of Trade in 1749 by Captain Smith, commander of the guard ship at Canso, there were 48 schooners and 393 shallops fishing the grounds off Ingonish. The community's population at that time was estimated to be approximately 300.
Mica was mined prior to the late 1800s.
Climate.
Ingonish has a humid continental climate (Dfb) with extremely high precipitation for this climate (annual average precipitation being 69 inches, or ~1358 millimeters, the highest anywhere in Canada outside coastal British Columbia). Furthermore, Ingonish experiences its wettest months from November to January, with over 7.3 inches of precipitation each month, much of it falling as snow, while June and July are the driest months, but still averaging over 3.5 inches of precipitation each. The area is now prone to large rainstorms, and sometimes major flooding two to three times per year, usually in the months of February, August, and November. The highest 24-hour rainfall total recorded in Ingonish was on 23 November 2021 when the area received varying rainfall amounts of between 260 and 292 millimeters of rain in just 19 hours. Winters are long, cold, snowy and exceptionally stormy. In December and January, snow can fall nearly every day due to sea-effect snow showers which blow in from the unfrozen Gulf of St. Lawrence. 
Primarily from October to April, Ingonish is also prone to intense nor'easters – mid-latitude cyclones that approach from the U.S. Northeastern and New England states, bringing high winds and heavy precipitation, especially snowfall. As winter progresses, the surrounding waters become covered in ice which delays the onset of spring. Summer arrives quickly though, usually in mid to late June. The cold spring gives way to a beautiful summer, with lots of warm, sunny days. In summer, the weather pattern shifts to a warm southwest flow, and lasts into the fall. These warm southwest winds blow down-slope from the Cape Breton Highlands, drying out and warming as it descends. Although the surrounding water freezes during winter, it warms very quickly through the summer, with sea surface temperatures peaking around 21 °C (70 °F) in August. The highest temperature ever recorded was on 10 August 2001. The lowest temperature was on 18 January 1982. Weather data has been recorded at Parks Canada in Ingonish Beach since 1950. In 2000, Environment Canada upgraded the climate station to an automated weather station.

</doc>
<doc id="6975114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975114" title="Queuine">
Queuine

Queuine () (Q) is a hypermodified nucleobase found in the first (or wobble) position of the anticodon of tRNAs specific for Asn, Asp, His, and Tyr, in most eukaryotes and prokaryotes. Because it is utilized by all eukaryotes but produced exclusively by bacteria, it is a putative vitamin.
The nucleoside of queuine is queuosine. Queuine is not found in the tRNA of archaea; however, a related 7-deazaguanine derivative, the nucleoside of which is archaeosine, occurs in different tRNA position, the dihydrouridine loop, and in tRNAs with more specificities.
History and naming.
In 1967, it was discovered that the four above-mentioned tRNAs contained an as-yet unknown nucleoside, which was designated "Nucleoside Q". This name remained in use throughout much of the work to characterize the compound, after which it was proposed that its common name should be based on the sound of the letter Q—thus producing "queuine" by analogy to guanine and other nucleobases, and "queuosine" by analogy to guanosine and other nucleosides.
Biosynthesis and function.
The presence of queuine in certain tRNA is a nearly ubiquitous feature of eukaryotic life, meaning it is found in every healthy cell of the human body. It is also found in all other animals, plants, and fungi. The only known exception is brewer's yeast, "Saccharomyces cerevisiae". However, queuosine can be produced only by bacteria; higher organisms must obtain queuine from the diet, or salvage it from symbiotic microbes: a process for which dedicated enzymatic machinery exists. Because queuine is necessary for healthy cellular function in animals, but is produced exclusively by microbes, it can be considered a vitamin, akin to the B vitamins—many which are also produced primarily or exclusively by bacteria.
The biosynthesis pathway for queuine shares a common enzymatic starting step with folate. Because queuosine in dietary or gut-bacterial RNA can be salvaged and converted to queuine by the human body, queuosine could be considered a vitamer of queuine. As of 2019, human queuine requirements are not well understood, and the prevalence of queuine deficiency in humans is unknown. Plants obtain queuine from the tRNA of symbiotic bacteria in and around their roots.
Once salvaged, queuine replaces a guanine base in the anticodon of certain tRNAs, where it appears to play a role in ensuring rapid and accurate recognition of the corresponding mRNAs' codons. In the absence of queuosine modification, translation at Q-decoded codons slows down to the point that many proteins cannot fold properly.
In animal experiments using "germ-free" mice, even the total absence of queuine in the diet is not lethal in the presence of an adequate supply of the dietary amino acid tyrosine. Withdrawal of tyrosine from the diet, however, causes rapid physical deterioration and death over a period of two weeks. Tyrosine is not typically an essential nutrient for animals provided dietary phenylalanine, suggesting that queuine depletion impairs the activity of phenylalanine hydroxylase.
Enzyme research.
BH4 is a cofactor for the biopterin-dependent aromatic amino acid hydroxylase enzymes, which catalyze the conversion of phenylalanine to tyrosine, tyrosine to L-DOPA, and tryptophan to 5-HTP, oxidizing BH4 to dihydrobiopterin (BH2) in the process. BH2 must then be converted back to BH4 by the enzyme dihydropteridine reductase before it can be used again. Queuine depletion appears to impair this "recycling" process, resulting in a deficit of BH4 and an excess of BH2, which in turn impairs the activity of the aromatic amino acid hydroxylase enzymes.
Because the aromatic amino acid hydroxylase enzymes are the rate-limiting steps in the body's biosynthesis of serotonin and dopamine (and subsequent metabolites including melatonin, norepinephrine, and adrenaline), queuine deficiency is under investigation as a potential cause of human diseases linked to a deficit of these neurotransmitters.

</doc>
<doc id="6975116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975116" title="CCGS Sora">
CCGS Sora

CCGS "Sora" was a 12.5m Small Multi Task Utility Craft that has seen service with the Canadian Coast Guard and Toronto Fire Services. It was deployed for medium range task and perform under moderate to high speed in moderate weather conditions and in sheltered waters in station mode. In 2005, it was transferred to Toronto and used as part of the Fire Services fleet. It was finally retired in 2015.
Career with Canadian Coast Guard.
During her career with the Canadian Coast Guard, "Sora" was a search and rescue boat along the Detroit River and western Lake Erie.
Her task included:
The vessel is not ice class and did not operate between December and April.
Transfer to Toronto Fire.
She was declared surplus in late 2005 and sold to the Toronto Fire Services in 2006 by the Minister of Fisheries and Oceans. It is a back-up fireboat for . In November 2014, the City of Toronto government acquired another former CCG vessel, , which replaced "Sora" as its second fireboat
See also.
Other utility ships in CCG:

</doc>
<doc id="6975118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975118" title="Universal Life">
Universal Life

Universal Life (, unofficially abbreviated UL) is the name of a controversial new religious movement based in Marktheidenfeld, Germany, which is described by members as a part of the new revelation movement. The group was originally called "Heimholungswerk Jesu Christi", but has been known as Universal Life since 1984.
Organisation.
The founding of Universal Life was through teachings distributed by Gabriele Wittek. These works were claimed to be revelations from Jesus Christ or other spiritual beings, which Gabriele received as a prophetess and promulgated. These are, along with the Sermon on the Mount and the 10 Commandments, the fundamental basis of the faith. In 2003, Wittek published her own bible, "Das ist Mein Wort" ("This is My Word"), also including anti-semitic phrases.
Members of Universal Life run, among other institutions, a school, two kindergartens, a natural healing clinic and five publishers. The beliefs of the group are propagated by Radio Santec of Marktheidenfeld through three TV stations, Die Neue Zeit TV, Sender Neu Jerusalem and Sophia TV, transmitted from SES Astra 1KR satellite at the 19.2° East orbital position. They operate agricultural establishments, which farm according to the principles of organic farming. However, these establishments are not officially connected to Universal Life.
History.
Gabriele Wittek claims to have heard the first "inner words" after the death of her mother. After a year, she saw her dead mother appear during a spiritual meeting, and spoke to her. Wittek claimed to have experienced several apparitions later, including of a spiritual being named "Spiritual Teacher Brother Emmanuel". Finally, she met Christ himself. On 18 April 1987 Christ allegedly spoke in a great revelation, among other things, about the "Inner Path". It concerns a mystic school of thought in which God is considered to be in people and in all living beings, according to Jesus' saying: "The kingdom of God is 'within' you."
In the past, Universal Life claimed contact with an alien from outer space named Mairadi.
Adherents.
Exact numbers are hard to determine, since there is no formal membership within Universal Life. Georg Schmid estimated, in his book "Churches, Sects, Religions", the number of members to be 100,000 worldwide, including 4,000 in Germany. Other estimates claim 10,000 members worldwide, with 3000 in the Würzburg region.
The association "Universelles Leben e.V." has around 500 members. The inner circle, who live in communities in the Würzburg region and work on farms, calls itself the "Covenant Community of the New Jerusalem".
The activities of Universal Life are concentrated in Bavaria. The organisation is represented in other regions of Germany, as well as in Austria, Italy and in Switzerland. They also do activities in other countries, as Spain.
Beliefs.
Members believe in reincarnation and promote vegetarianism. Moreover, UL members refer to themselves as "Original Christians". In consequence, a characteristic feature of "Universal Life" is the fomenting of resentment against "established religious leaders," especially the Roman Catholic Church, which is the predominant religion in Bavaria. In 2010, for example, "Universal Life" failed in a lawsuit before the Freiburg Administrative Court in which it sought to prohibit the Catholic Church from calling itself "Christian." Since Jesus in UL reading is believed to have rejected violence against humans and animals as well as ecclesiastical institutionalism, "Universal Life", according to the Catholic diocese of Trier, appeals primarily to "idealistically minded people" in search of "authentic Christianity" despite the fact that the group's teaching contains Far Eastern elements.

</doc>
<doc id="6975126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975126" title="Kirkus Associates, LP.">
Kirkus Associates, LP.



</doc>
<doc id="6975127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975127" title="Lottery commission">
Lottery commission



</doc>
<doc id="6975128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975128" title="Llangwm">
Llangwm

Llangwm may refer to one of several places in Wales:

</doc>
<doc id="6975129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975129" title="Isa Miranda">
Isa Miranda

Isa Miranda (born Ines Isabella Sampietro; 5 July 1905 – 8 July 1982) was an Italian actress with an international film career.
Biography.
Miranda was born Ines Isabella Sampietro in Milan, the daughter of a street car conductor. When she was 10 years old, she began working as an errand girl for a dressmaker. She later had jobs in a box factory and a handbag factory. When she was 15, she became a model, a job that provided enough income for her to learn bookkeeping and typing in night school. She worked as a typist while attending the Accademia dei Filodrammatici in Milan and trained as a stage actress. She went on to play bit parts in Italian films in Rome. She changed her name to Isa Miranda and success came with Max Ophüls' film "La Signora di tutti" ("Everybody's Woman"; 1934) in which she played Gaby Doriot, a famous film star and adventuress with whom men cannot help falling in love. This performance brought in its wake several film offers and a Hollywood contract with Paramount Pictures. There, billed as the "Italian Marlene Dietrich", she played femme fatale roles in films such as "Hotel Imperial" (1939) and "Adventure in Diamonds" (1940). 
She returned to Italy soon after the outbreak of World War II and continued to act on stage and to make films. In 1949, she starred in René Clément's "The Walls of Malapaga", which won an Academy Award for the most outstanding foreign language film of 1950, and for Miranda, the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival. Another success of that period was "La Ronde" (1950), also directed by Ophüls.
Her career took her to France, Germany and Britain, where she frequently appeared in TV films, including "The Avengers". Other notable film appearances included "Siamo donne" (1953), a portmanteau film, in which Miranda shared the screen with Anna Magnani, Alida Valli and Ingrid Bergman; "Summertime" (1955), starring Katharine Hepburn; "Gli Sbandati" (1955); "The Yellow Rolls-Royce" (1964); "The Shoes of the Fisherman" (1968); and Liliana Cavani's 
"The Night Porter" (1974).
Miranda was married to the Italian director and producer Alfredo Guarini until his death in 1981. She died in Rome on 8 July 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="6975130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975130" title="Carmen Du Sautoy">
Carmen Du Sautoy



</doc>
<doc id="6975135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975135" title="Carmen De Sautoy">
Carmen De Sautoy



</doc>
<doc id="6975137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975137" title="Cathcartia villosa">
Cathcartia villosa



</doc>
<doc id="6975142" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975142" title="Heatseeking missile">
Heatseeking missile



</doc>
<doc id="6975144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975144" title="Multi-manager investment">
Multi-manager investment

A Multi-manager fund is an investment product that consists of multiple specialized funds. Each specialized fund may invest across different sectors and markets, or in the same asset class but have different investment styles. For example, large cap value fund versus large cap growth fund. 
Multi-manager funds are often custom tailored products offered by an asset manager, mostly by the asset or wealth management division of a large investment bank or private bank. They can consists of funds from outside asset managers, like a hedge fund, but mostly consist solely from funds managed by the "Multi-manager fund" marketer itself. 
They differ from Funds-of-funds in that they do not raise capital from multiple investors as they are custom tailored. But the term Multi-manager fund is often also associated with funds where assets are commingled from multiple investors when multi-manager funds are marketed and thus can represent a fund-of-funds. 
Independent or more specialized asset managers like hedge fund firms or private equity firms may offer so called "Separate Managed Accounts" to a single investor who commits a large amount of capital and pursues a Manager of managers approach. Such a private investment vehicles is not a fund, is not marketed and is not a Multi-manager investment product. On the other hand, Multi-manager funds are offered with much less capital need to invest. Multi-manager funds are therefore often part of the whole service catalog of a wealth management division of an investment bank or private bank. 
The theory of Multi-manager funds is founded on the premise that not all investment managers are good in all markets and that not all managers are successful at all times. Spreading the investment money across different asset classes or markets allows the investor to achieve the necessary diversification, reducing risk without sacrificing the return. However, as the main marketers and providers are large investment banks or private banks, sales staff or private client advisors may are subject to conflicts of interest as they are selling an investment product consisting of funds from their employer where bonuses are paid on the basis of underlying fund fee revenue and invested capital into the Multi-manager fund. In addition, the Multi-manager fund itself charges also fees.

</doc>
<doc id="6975145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975145" title="William Lyon Mackenzie (fireboat)">
William Lyon Mackenzie (fireboat)

William Lyon Mackenzie, is a fireboat operated by Toronto Fire Services (TFS) which provides marine fire fighting and icebreaking capabilities within the Toronto Harbour. Built by Russel Brothers in 1964, it is named after William Lyon Mackenzie, the first mayor of Toronto. In 2004 the fireboat was refurbished and it is expected to be in service until 2037.
Design and equipment.
As designed, the vessel was to be equipped with radar, echo sounder, radio, and daytime accommodation for the off-duty shift.
The fireboat is equipped with:
Operational history.
Built in Owen Sound, Ontario by Russel Brothers Limited with a modified Tugboat hull. "William Lyon Mackenzie" operates 12 months a year, providing emergency services within Toronto Harbour and the adjacent waters of Lake Ontario. The boat is mainly docked at 339 Queen's Quay West next to Fire Station #334. It is the main fireboat for Toronto Fire Services as well as an icebreaker for the City of Toronto. "William Lyon Mackenzie" is one of a few fireboats to ply the Great Lakes, "Edward M. Cotter" is operated by Buffalo Fire Department and operates in Lake Erie. "William Lyon Mackenzie" does duty during the Canadian International Air Show, using its spray to make a very visible visual point of reference at the centre of the display area.
In 2004, the vessel completed a million refurbishment that will extend the in-service life of the vessel by approximately 30 years. The main propulsion diesels engines were replaced and the aerial platform was refurbished.
In 2015, the TFS purchased the "William Thorton", a mid-shore patrol built in 1982 for the Canadian Coast Guard. The "Thornton" will be staffed by the crew of the "Mackenzie" as a backup/additional boat. The "Thornton" replaced the "Sora" which the TFS had bought in 2006. The "Thornton" is named after William Thornton, the first known Toronto firefighter to die fighting a fire. Thornton died in 1848.
"William Lyon Mackenzie" was called upon to give the newly commissioned tugboat "Iron Guppy" a ceremonial shower when she joined PortsToronto's fleet, on July 23, 2016.
In popular culture.
"William Lyon Mackenzie" has been featured in the TV series Mighty Machines, filmed in action by their film crew during an exercise.

</doc>
<doc id="6975151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975151" title="Eros (statue)">
Eros (statue)



</doc>
<doc id="6975161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975161" title="Meconopsis villosa">
Meconopsis villosa

Meconopsis villosa, the Himalayan woodland-poppy, is an ornamental poppy, which is native of Nepal. The species was placed in the genus "Cathcartia" erected by J.D. Hooker to honour J.F. Cathcart, an Indian civil servant and amateur botanist who collected and hired native artists to illustrate the flowers of the Himalayas. It was transferred to "Meconopsis" by George Taylor in 1934. In 2017, it was suggested that the genus "Cathcartia" should be revived, and this species again treated as "Cathcartia villosa".

</doc>
<doc id="6975162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975162" title="Target (single)">
Target (single)



</doc>
<doc id="6975164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975164" title="Liga Portuguesa de Basquetebol">
Liga Portuguesa de Basquetebol

The Liga Portuguesa de Basquetebol (), also known as Liga Betclic for sponsorship reasons, is the top men's professional club basketball league in Portugal.
History.
From the 2008–09 season onward, the competition has been again organised by the Federação Portuguesa de Basquetebol (Portuguese Basketball Federation) after not having been for 13 seasons. This was caused by the fold of the LPB after many years of financial problems, with the league now being a semi-professional league.
Between the 1965–66 and 1973–74 seasons, the league champions were determined by a tournament between the winners of the Campeonato Metropolitano (representing Portugal) and the champions of the then Portuguese colonies Mozambique and Angola, as a similar fashion to the Portuguese Roller Hockey First Division, which was also played during those seasons. However, the first of these tournaments never came to be because of a protest launched by Mozambican team Sporting de Lourenço Marques.
Portuguese champions.
"Source"

</doc>
<doc id="6975169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975169" title="The Statue of Eros">
The Statue of Eros



</doc>
<doc id="6975177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975177" title="Himalayan woodland-poppy">
Himalayan woodland-poppy



</doc>
<doc id="6975188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975188" title="Beached Festival">
Beached Festival

The Beached Festival was a free festival held annually in Scarborough, North Yorkshire, England. After six years it had become the largest free festival on England's east coast. It last took place in its original format in 2008.
History.
The festival started in 2001 as a small gig which gained some interest from local bands and DJs. During the second year The Libertines played without their front man. In 2005 the festival lasted two extra days, one of which was a film night and the other an orchestral night. In 2006 a Big Band played instead of the orchestra.
To fund the festival a small grant was obtained from Scarborough Borough Council and the rest came from corporate sponsorship.
As the festival expanded more popular bands appeared on the beached stage including The Libertines, The Fratellis, Electric Eel Shock (Who appeared in 2003 and then returned in 2005 to play with The West Yorkshire Symphony Orchestra), The Enemy, Thunder, Parva (now the Kaiser chiefs), The Bluetones, The Quireboys and Nine Black Alps between the years 2001 and 2006.
From the 2005 festival onwards, the first evening was a film night, with films such as "Little Voice" and "The Blues Brothers" being shown.
2007.
2007 saw big name sponsors paying for national media adverts in the NME. The festival was headlined by Nine Black Alps and Inme and included established acts such as Foals, Frank Turner, One Night Only, The Hoosiers, Amy Macdonald, DARTZ!, Alabama 3 and The Paddingtons.
The event was set back slightly by predicted high tides, which forced the 1,500-strong crowd off the beach, onto the road for nearly an hour and a half.
2008.
In 2008, One Night Only and Dodgy were the headliners with acts such as The Ryes, Flamboyant Bella, Be Quiet. Shout Loud!, Sergeant, Natty, The Paddingtons and Ebony Bones also appearing. Over 35,000 people walked through the site, with nearly 3,000 people on site at any time. Graham Rhodes, performance poet was the MC for every Beached apart from the first one.
It was alleged a sexual assault occurred at this festival; the organisers cooperated with the North Yorkshire Police investigations, which led to a Crown Court hearing. At the time of the incident, organisers were holding emergency meetings with the concessions and catering firm (who run T in the Park) who were disappointed with the turn-out. The firm packed up on the Saturday night leaving the beach without any catering provisions.
F10, a company who helped raise the funds for the festival to take place, refused to pay the organisers over £30,000 which was gained from sponsorship of the event. This left , the company which ran the festival heavily in debt and it was liquidated in May 2009. Many of volunteers who had run the festival were left out of pocket.
From 2009.
In 2009 Scarborough Borough Council and The North Yorkshire Police refused to give permission for the event, partly because of safety and public disorder concerns, and because of financial issues remaining outstanding. The organiser told the press that the event would not be going ahead for personal reasons, although the Scarborough Evening News reported later that had been liquidated, owing £38,000 to various creditors.
Rumours of a 2010 festival started on Facebook when the organiser suggested a date for the festival, but permission was not given and the Open Air Theatre, who were also rumoured to play host to the event did not host it. However, the event was revived at the Open Air Theatre in August 2011, albeit on a smaller scale, and with a charge for entry.

</doc>
<doc id="6975191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975191" title="Lisa Holton">
Lisa Holton

Lisa Holton is an American writer, editor and author. Holton serves corporate, college, nonprofit and editorial clients, and her writing has been featured in such national publications as "Southwest Spirit", "The National Law Journal," "Parents," the "ABA Journal" and "REALTOR Magazine". She is a former Business Editor of the "Chicago Sun-Times" and has authored or edited 15 nonfiction books and ebooks including "Business Valuation for Dummies" (with Jim Bates) and "For Members Only: A History and Guide to Chicago's Oldest Private Clubs."

</doc>
<doc id="6975196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975196" title="Nursery Suite">
Nursery Suite

The Nursery Suite is one of the last compositions by Edward Elgar. Like Elgar's "The Wand of Youth" suites, it makes use of sketches from the composer's childhood.
There are seven movements and a coda:
History.
The composition of the "Nursery Suite" came about when Elgar mentioned in September 1930 to William Laundon Streeton of His Master's Voice (the Gramophone Company) that he had lately run across a box of musical sketches from the days of his youth. Streeton suggested that, as Master of the King's Musick, he might suitably draw on them for a work to mark the recent birth of Princess Margaret Rose (then fourth in line to the throne). The suite was dedicated to Princess Margaret, her older sister Princess Elizabeth (the future Queen Elizabeth II) and their mother (the Duchess of York).
Most of the movements appear light, in the style of "The Wand of Youth" suites, and predominantly sunny in character. Some commentators have made an exception of "The Waggon (Passes)": the Elgar authority Michael Kennedy suggests that as the wagon (Elgar used the older spelling, 'waggon') rumbles towards us the music becomes sinister in a manner reminiscent of the bars in the Scherzo of the Second Symphony, when, in Elgar's words, "the wheels go over my head". Anthony Payne drew on the form of this movement for the ending of his elaboration of the Third Symphony sketches.
The "Nursery Suite" was one of the first pieces of orchestral music to receive its premiere in a recording studio (Kingsway Hall, London) rather than a concert hall (although Elgar's very first recording session, in January 1914, had included the premiere of the miniature "Carissima"). At its premiere on 23 May 1931, all but the two last movements were recorded under the baton of the composer. The last two movements were added when the whole suite was performed on 4 June 1931 before an invited audience including Princess Elizabeth, aged five, and her parents. The piece takes about 25 minutes to perform.
Reviewing the work when it first appeared, W. R. Anderson wrote in "The Gramophone": "The last movement, with its striking violin cadenza, seems especially significant. It hints at memories, which even in music are best hinted at, not explicitly stated: not because they hurt, but because youth can only understand them so. … There is the old fire here, with at least two movements out of the other six showing a freshness distinct from that of the "Wand of Youth" … with the natural greatness of heart and spirit – something more than any genius can confer – that marks, and has marked through all his life, our beloved Edward Elgar."
The ballet "Nursery Suite", with Elgar's music, choreography by Ninette de Valois and scenery and costumes by Nancy Allen, was first performed by the Vic-Wells Ballet (now Royal Ballet) on 19 March 1932 at the Sadler's Wells Theatre. The cast included Anton Dolin, Alicia Markova and Joy Newton. The choreographer Frederick Ashton used "The Nursery Suite" for a new ballet (his last) in 1986 for the Queen's sixtieth birthday gala at the Royal Opera House.
Instrumentation.
It is scored for 2 flutes, 2 oboes, 2 clarinets in B, 2 bassoons, 4 horns in F, 2 trumpets (both in B &amp; C), 3 trombones, tuba, timpani (3), 2 percussionists (first with triangle, tambourine and glockenspiel, second with snare drum, triangle, tambourine, bass drum and cymbals) and string section. Not all these instruments are played in all movements.

</doc>
<doc id="6975199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975199" title="Siqueira">
Siqueira

Siqueira is a Portuguese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6975201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975201" title="USS Gravely">
USS Gravely

USS "Gravely" (DDG-107) is an (Flight IIA) Aegis guided missile destroyer in the United States Navy. She is named after Vice Admiral Samuel L. Gravely Jr. Commissioned in 2010, she has been on several overseas deployments.
Construction.
"Gravely" is the 57th destroyer in her class. She was authorized on 13 September 2002 and her keel was laid down on 26 November 2007 at Northrop Grumman Shipbuilding's Ingalls Shipbuilding shipyard in Pascagoula, Mississippi. "Gravely" was launched on 30 March 2009. The ship is named after Vice Admiral Samuel L. Gravely, Jr., the first African American in the U.S. Navy to serve aboard a fighting ship as an officer, the first to command a Navy ship, the first fleet commander, and the first to become a flag officer, retiring as a vice admiral. Admiral Gravely's wife, Alma Gravely, christened the ship on 16 May 2009 and serves as ship's sponsor. Retired Navy Admiral J. Paul Reason was the principal speaker at the ceremony, which was held at Northrop's facility in Pascagoula. She successfully completed sea trials in June 2010. "Gravely", Northrop Grumman's 27th Aegis equipped guided missile destroyer, was commissioned at Wilmington, North Carolina on 20 November 2010.
Service history.
In late August 2013 along with her sister ships , , and , "Gravely" was sent to patrol the eastern Mediterranean Sea in response to rising rumors of an imminent U.S. military intervention in the Syrian civil war. On 28 October 2013, the destroyers "Gravely" and "Ramage " answered a distress call from a vessel carrying immigrants located off the coast of Kalamata, Greece. On 18 November 2013, "Gravely" returned to Naval Station Norfolk, Virginia, completing her first overseas deployment.
On 28 March 2016, "Gravely" provided assistance to , which had seized a stateless dhow transporting weapons. Once the weapons were offloaded, the dhow and its crew were released. In June 2016 while escorting the aircraft carrier the destroyer had a close encounter with a Russian Navy frigate, causing Russian and U.S. Navy officials to accuse each other of dangerous and unprofessional conduct. On 11 March 2019, as part of Carrier Strike Group Eight (CSG-8), "Gravely" received the Meritorious Unit Commendation award in support of Operation Inherent Resolve during the 2015–2016 deployment.
On 13 May 2022, "Gravely" took part in a PASSEX training with the Finnish and Swedish navies in the northern Baltic Sea. In May 2022, "Gravely" was homeported out of Naval Station Norfolk and a part of Destroyer Squadron 28, along with Carrier Strike Group 8 led by "Harry S. Truman".
On 24 June 2022, "Gravely" returned to Norfolk.
United States–Houthi conflict (2023–present).
On 14 October 2023, Lloyd Austin directed and her carrier strike group, which included the cruiser , along with "Gravely" and sister-destroyers and , to the eastern Mediterranean in response to the Gaza war. This was the second carrier strike group to be sent to the region in response to the conflict, following and her group, which was dispatched six days earlier.
On 30 December 2023, the Danish container ship issued a distress call after coming under fire from four small ships commanded by Iranian-backed Houthi rebels from Yemen. Attempts were also made to board "Maersk Hangzhou" by force, while a contracted security team defended the ship. "Gravely" and "Dwight D. Eisenhower" responded to a distress call from the container ship. Verbal commands were radioed to the Houthi ships, while helicopters from "Dwight D. Eisenhower" were dispatched. After taking small-arms fire, U.S. Navy helicopters returned fire, sinking three of the four Houthi ships. There was no damage to U.S. equipment or personnel. In the process of responding to the distress call, "Gravely" shot down two anti-ship ballistic missiles fired from Yemen.
On 12 January 2024, "Gravely" along with "Mason" and "Philippine Sea" fired Tomahawk cruise missiles at Houthi rebels in Yemen. Aircraft from Carrier Air Wing Three embarked on "Dwight D. Eisenhower" participated in the strikes.
On 30 January 2024, "Gravely" used her Phalanx CIWS to shoot down an incoming anti-ship cruise missile fired by the Houthis. U.S. officials said that the missile came within a mile of the destroyer. No damage or injuries were reported.
On 15 March 2025, U.S. Northern Command deployed "Gravely" to the Gulf of Mexico to help assist with border security operations. 

</doc>
<doc id="6975204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975204" title="Upita">
Upita



</doc>
<doc id="6975206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975206" title="Romanization of greek">
Romanization of greek



</doc>
<doc id="6975209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975209" title="Transliteration of greek">
Transliteration of greek



</doc>
<doc id="6975212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975212" title="Hill carving">
Hill carving



</doc>
<doc id="6975215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975215" title="ARLETA HIGH SCHOOL">
ARLETA HIGH SCHOOL



</doc>
<doc id="6975216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975216" title="Plos one">
Plos one



</doc>
<doc id="6975219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975219" title="Arches cluster">
Arches cluster



</doc>
<doc id="6975220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975220" title="Swearingen SA.227AC Metro III">
Swearingen SA.227AC Metro III



</doc>
<doc id="6975232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975232" title="Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences">
Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences

The Hochschule Bielefeld – University of Applied Sciences and Arts (Hochschule Bielefeld) is the largest state university of applied sciences in East Westphalia-Lippe. The main location of this educational institution is in Bielefeld. Other locations are in Minden and Gütersloh. The range of courses includes bachelor's and master's degree programs, as well as certificate programs in six subject areas. At present, 10,535 students are taught by 286 professors and teaching staff at Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences, while 629 employees provide administrative support.
History.
Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences and Arts was founded on August 1, 1971 as the Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences and was one of the first universities of applied sciences in Germany. It was created by the merger of several educational institutions, including the State Engineering School for Mechanical Engineering in Bielefeld, the Municipal Werkkunstschule Bielefeld, the Landeshauptmann-Salzmann-Schule &amp; Higher Technical School for Social Work, the State Higher School of Economics Bielefeld and the State Engineering School for Civil Engineering Minden. The aim of this integration was to promote practice-oriented academic training in the region of East Westphalia-Lippe.
Prof. Dr. Germanus Wegmann was the first rector of the Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences.
Over the years, the Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences expanded its range of courses and opened additional locations in Minden and Gütersloh.
On April 19, 2023, Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences was renamed “Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences and Arts (HSBI)” to reflect its broad range of subjects and its claim to be a modern university of applied sciences.
Today, Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences and Arts is the largest state university of applied sciences in East Westphalia-Lippe, with over 10,500 students, and offers a wide range of courses in six departments.
Locations.
Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences and Arts (HSBI) is located at three sites, each offering different focuses in research, teaching and practice. The main campus is in Bielefeld, while the additional campuses in Minden and Gütersloh offer specialized courses of study. This geographical distribution enables links with the respective regional economic and research structures.
Main Campus Bielefeld.
The university's main campus is located in the Bielefeld-Altstadt district. This location is the center of the university and houses the majority of the departments, including engineering and mathematics, design, economics, and health and social services.
Minden Campus.
The Minden Campus is a specialized location of the Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences and Arts and focuses on the fields of architecture, civil engineering and supply engineering.
Gütersloh Campus.
The Gütersloh Campus specializes in dual study programs and offers a unique model in which students can gain practical experience in partner companies while studying. Degree programs such as production management, digital technologies and applied computer science are based here.
Faculties.
Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences and Arts is divided into six faculties, each offering a specific range of practice-oriented courses and research fields. The university's range of courses is supplemented by the Minden and Gütersloh campuses, which function as specialized campuses. The university's faculties are described in detail below:
Faculty of Engineering and Mathematics.
The Faculty of Engineering and Mathematics offers degree programs in mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, mechatronics, industrial engineering, and mathematics. The main research areas are automation, sustainable energy technologies, and digitalization.
Faculty of Design and Art.
In the Faculty of Design and Art, students can specialize in areas such as communication design, digital media, photography, fashion and textile design. This faculty combines artistic approaches with technological innovations such as virtual reality, 3D printing and digital media production.
Faculty of Business and Health.
The Faculty of Business and Health combines business and health-related degree programs, including business administration, business psychology, health management, and social management. Research focuses include digitalization in healthcare, process optimization, and sustainable management.
Faculty of Social Sciences.
The Faculty of Social Sciences focuses on degree programs such as social work, special education, and education. Research focuses include topics such as social integration, inclusion, and child and youth services.
Faculty of Architecture and Civil Engineering.
This faculty specializes in courses of study such as architecture and civil engineering. The practice-oriented teaching is complemented by laboratories and research projects that focus on sustainable construction, energy efficiency and construction techniques.
Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science.
The Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science offers degree programs in electrical engineering, applied computer science, and related disciplines. The research and teaching focus is on areas such as artificial intelligence, embedded systems, and automation technology.
Research Priorities.
Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences and Arts (HSBI) aligns its research profile with global societal challenges and places particular emphasis on the areas of climate and energy, health, mobility and communication. 
Within these subject areas, the HSBI combines its research activities in various institutes and research priorities.
An example is the research focus IFE – Interdisciplinary Research and Application Development in Environmental Informatics. This combines computer science, IT security, physics and measurement technology to contribute to the development of climate-friendly residential buildings. Research focuses on areas such as machine learning, applications of artificial intelligence, photovoltaic yield forecasts, energy and room climate monitoring, and IT security.
Another important research focus is AMMO – Applied Mathematical Modeling and Optimization. This is dedicated to the development of mathematical models and optimization methods for solving complex problems in various fields of application.
In addition, the School of Business addresses topics such as digital transformation, internationalization and sustainability/CSR. These strategic cornerstones complement the university's own research profile and promote the innovative development of the Ostwestfalen-Lippe region.
Partnerships.
The university maintains partnerships with over 150 universities worldwide. It also works with around 350 companies, particularly in the OWL region, to ensure practical training and research.

</doc>
<doc id="6975233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975233" title="Stylianos Venetidis">
Stylianos Venetidis

Stelios Venetidis (; born 19 November 1976 in Orestiada) is a Greek former professional footballer who played as a defender. He used to play in the left-back position, but could be also used on the left side of midfield.
A very constant and composed player, his attributes gave him the chance to play for top class Greek football teams and be an important member for the Greece national team, playing also in three games at UEFA Euro 2004. He retired in May 2012.
Honours.
PAOK
Olympiacos
AEL
Greece

</doc>
<doc id="6975240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975240" title="Tsugiharu Ogiwara">
Tsugiharu Ogiwara

 (born 20 December 1969) is a Japanese nordic combined skier who competed from 1994 to 1998. He won the 4 x 5 km team event at the 1995 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Thunder Bay, Ontario.
Ogiwara's best individual finish at the Winter Olympics was 6th at Nagano in 1998. He had two individual career victories (1993: 15 km individual, 1998: 7.5 km sprint).
He is the twin brother of Kenji Ogiwara, a fellow Japanese Nordic combined athlete.

</doc>
<doc id="6975242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975242" title="Panama national cricket team">
Panama national cricket team

The Panama national cricket team represents Panama in international cricket. The Panama Cricket Association became an affiliate member of the International Cricket Council (ICC) in 2002 and is an associate member since 2017. Their international debut is believed to have taken place against a side from Trinidad and Tobago in 1964.
In April 2018, the ICC decided to grant full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Panama and other ICC members after 1 January 2019 will be eligible to have full T20I status.
History.
Cricket was introduced to Panama by colonials from the West Indies during the creation of the Panama Canal. After the colonials left the country, most of the nation's attention was turned to cricket. The growing number of inhabitants of Indian origin created a group called the Indian Society.
The purpose of this society was to create opportunities for relationships and to find new venues in which cricket could be played. Due to this effort, the popularity of the game grew. 
Panama joined the ICC as an Affiliate Member in 2002 and since then, cricket has been flourishing among the younger population of the country.
2018-Present.
In April 2018, the ICC decided to grant full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Panama and other ICC members after 1 January 2019 will be a full T20I.
In September 2018, Panama took part in 2018–19 ICC T20 World Cup Americas Qualifier, finished on 3rd place in Northern Sub Region.
Panama played their first ever Twenty20 International match against Costa Rica in 2019 Central American Cricket Championship.
International competition.
The team's first international matches in recent years came in a friendly series played against Venezuela in 2000, which Panama won 1–0. Panama was invited to play in the fourth South American Cricket Championships later that year. The team performed well in its first international tournament, finishing fourth of the seven teams.
Panama has been playing without the services of a national coach. Playing in recent regional ICC tournaments, Panama has finished second and third, ahead of countries such as Belize, Brazil, and Turks and Caicos. The most recent participation came in the 2010 Americas Division Two, held in the Bahamas, where the team won three matches out of four and only missed out on promotion on net run-rate.
Development programme.
The chief concern is the loss of cricket grounds. During recent years, four grounds have been lost to soccer due to financial difficulties. The Panama Cricket Association is therefore looking to a secure a ground for its national players.
Plans are being made to start coaching for junior players but once again this is limited by finances as use of a gym is required, due to a rainy season that lasts for eight months of the year.
Progress in Tournaments since 2002.
In 2002, Panama was granted affiliate status by the ICC along with a number of other countries in the Americas Region. Two years later, they hosted their first international tournament, the Americas Affiliate Championships. They finished as runners up to the Bahamas, just missing out on qualification for the ICC Americas Championship.
The affiliates tournament was expanded to a multi-division competition in 2006, and Panama was placed in Division Two. They finished third in that tournament, which was played in Argentina, behind the hosts and the Bahamas. They retained their place in Division Two for 2008. In this part of the competition, played in Suriname, Panama finished in third place and remained in the division for the next cycle, in 2010. In the same year, Panama also finished in 3rd place behind Suriname and the hosts, the Bahamas. In the 2011 Championship, Panama stayed as runners-up behind Suriname in Division 2.
Panama entered and hosted the Central American Championships for the first time in 2009. They came in as favorites, being the strongest Central American international side, and won the competition. The tournament was their first international Twenty20 competition.
Panama also took part in the America Regional T20 3rd Division Championship in Buenos Aires, Argentina in March 2014.
Players.
Panama's squad for 2023 ICC Men's T20 World Cup Americas Qualifier from 25 February to 04 march 2023.
Records.
International Match Summary — Panama
"Last updated 19 April 2025"
Twenty20 International.
Most T20I runs for Panama
Most T20I wickets for Panama
T20I record versus other nations
"Records complete to T20I #3147. Last updated 19 April 2025."

</doc>
<doc id="6975246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975246" title="Meade Minnigerode">
Meade Minnigerode

Meade Minnigerode (1887–1967) was an American writer, born in London. He graduated from Yale in 1910 and for several years was associated with publishers in New York. He represented the United States Shipping Board in France in 1917–1918 and in the year following was first lieutenant with the American Red Cross. His books include: 
Along with George S. Pomeroy, Minnigerode wrote the lyrics of The Whiffenpoof Song. Grandson of Mary Carter of North Carolina and Rev. Charles (Karl) Minnigerode, born in Germany, noted classics scholar and Rector of St. Paul's Cathedral of Richmond, VA during the Civil War. St. Paul's was known as the Cathedral of the Confederacy. Rev. Minnigerode was conducting the Sunday service during which Jefferson Davis received notice of Lee's evacuation of the Petersburg defenses.

</doc>
<doc id="6975247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975247" title="Apostolic chancery">
Apostolic chancery



</doc>
<doc id="6975248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975248" title="Speedballing">
Speedballing



</doc>
<doc id="6975253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975253" title="Ablatio mammae">
Ablatio mammae



</doc>
<doc id="6975258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975258" title="Plymptoons">
Plymptoons



</doc>
<doc id="6975264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975264" title="Marginal artery">
Marginal artery

Marginal artery can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6975275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975275" title="Tundra (musician)">
Tundra (musician)



</doc>
<doc id="6975277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975277" title="Frankie (Sister Sledge song)">
Frankie (Sister Sledge song)

"Frankie" is a song by American vocal group Sister Sledge, released as a single in 1985. It is taken from their eighth studio album, "When the Boys Meet the Girls" (1985).
Overview.
The song was written by Denise Rich (under the pseudonym "Joy Denny") after dreaming while on a flight from the United States to Switzerland. According to the "Now That's What I Call Music 5" album (on which the song appears), the song was written about Frank Sinatra.
The song was produced by Chic's Nile Rodgers, who had co-produced the sisters' earlier hits such as "He's the Greatest Dancer" and "We Are Family". The sisters suggested the song to him, but he hated it on first hearing. A week later, he went back to them saying he could not stop singing it, and so he insisted that the band recorded it.
A marked contrast to the disco cuts which had made them internationally famous in the late 1970s, this girl-pop number became a hit in the UK Singles Chart, spending four weeks at number one in June and July 1985. It fared much less well in the US where it peaked at number 75 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, No. 32 R&amp;B and No. 15 Adult Contemporary.
"Frankie" was fifth best selling single of 1985 with 698,000 sold copies in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="6975278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975278" title="Massey-Ferguson">
Massey-Ferguson



</doc>
<doc id="6975284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975284" title="USS Stockdale">
USS Stockdale

USS "Stockdale" may refer to the following ships of the United States Navy. The three ships were decommissioned in three different centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="6975286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975286" title="Random Walk--1-Dimensional">
Random Walk--1-Dimensional



</doc>
<doc id="6975287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975287" title="P D James">
P D James



</doc>
<doc id="6975289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975289" title="Marco Minnemann">
Marco Minnemann

Marco Minnemann (born 24 December 1970) is a German multi-instrumentalist and composer who primarily plays drums.
Career.
Minnemann has released over a dozen solo albums as drummer, multi-instrumentalist, and vocalist, and performed on over 100 studio albums with dozens of artists and groups. He has previously been a member of the German funk-metal crossover band Freaky Fukin Weirdoz and has performed and recorded with German rock band H-Blockx and Grammy-nominated English musician Steven Wilson. He is the drummer for the Mute Gods, a trio led by Nick Beggs of British new wave band Kajagoogoo, and he has performed with Joe Satriani since 2013. Minnemann appeared on the cover of the June 2007 issue of "Modern Drummer", with the magazine writing that "he has been instrumental in developing the advanced concept of complex interdependence", a drum technique allowing him to play varying patterns with each of his feet and hands.
In 2006, Minnemann recorded a 51-minute live drum solo that served as the basis for his "Normalizer 2" project, in which he shared the track with several musicians and asked that they each write and record their own work accompanying the composition. A number of the resulting recordings were released as duo albums, including Trey Gunn's "Modulator", Alex Machacek's "24 Tales", and Mike Keneally's "Evidence of Humanity". In 2011, he auditioned to play with the American progressive rock band Dream Theater. It was ultimately decided that he would not join the group, as he did not know their discography very well and did not want to commit to them fully.
In late 2017, Minnemann joined international prog-rock rock supergroup the Sea Within and appears on their 2018 debut. Formed by Swedish guitarist and singer-songwriter Roine Stolt, the band also features bassist Jonas Reingold, guitarist Daniel Gildenlöw, and keyboardist Tom Brislin.
Minnemann is a member of instrumental rock power trio the Aristocrats, playing alongside Guthrie Govan and Bryan Beller. In 2019, the group released their fourth studio album, "You know what...?"
In 2020, Minnemann and collaborator Randy McStine formed McStine &amp; Minnemann. The duo released two albums that year: the self-titled "McStine &amp; Minnemann" and "McStine &amp; Minnemann II".
Minnemann was featured as a voice actor in the second season of the Titmouse-animated series "Metalocalypse". The episode, which also featured Mike Patton of Faith No More, aired on Adult Swim in 2008.
Discography.
Solo
with Freaky Fukin Weirdoz
with Illegal Aliens
with H-Blockx
Minnemann/Brinkmann
Fabio Trentini, Marco Minneman, Mario Brinkmann
Minnemann/Brinkmann/Trentini/Zimmer
with UKZ
Normalizer 2
Phi Yaan-Zek with Marco Minnemann
with Shiloh Sheray
with the Aristocrats
with Matte Henderson
with Tony Levin and Jordan Rudess
Pitts Minnemann Project
with the Mute Gods
with the Sea Within
with Randy McStine
Selected recordings with other artists.
2000s
2010s
2020s

</doc>
<doc id="6975290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975290" title="Random Walk--2-Dimensional">
Random Walk--2-Dimensional



</doc>
<doc id="6975292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975292" title="Random Walk--3-Dimensional">
Random Walk--3-Dimensional



</doc>
<doc id="6975303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975303" title="Mister Frost">
Mister Frost

Mister Frost is a 1990 supernatural thriller film starring Jeff Goldblum and directed by French filmmaker Philippe Setbon, who also co-wrote the screenplay with Derry Hall, Brad Lynch and Louise Vincent. It co-starred Kathy Baker and Alan Bates.
Synopsis.
A police detective named Felix Detweiler visits the palatial English estate of Mister Frost, whose first name is never given, to investigate a report of a dead body. Frost, with very little prompting, cheerfully admits that he has many bodies buried in his yard.
Frost is arrested and ultimately placed in an asylum located in France. During this time the police are unable to establish his identity. The detective leaves his job and becomes obsessed with Frost and the 24 corpses dug up from his garden.
After not speaking for two years after his arrest, Frost's long silence is broken when he encounters Sarah Day, a doctor at the asylum. Frost refuses to speak with anyone but her, then tells Day that he is, in fact, Satan. He reveals that he plans to goad her into murdering him.
Detweiler believes it is true that Frost is "the devil himself" and pleads with the doctor to heed his warnings. Day naturally does not accept this, but strange things begin to happen around her and Frost demonstrates on multiple occasions feats that would be difficult to dismiss as simple sleight of hand.
The turning point for Day comes when her brother, after being confined to a wheelchair for most of his life, suddenly regains use of his legs. Her patients and colleagues also begin to exhibit unnatural changes in themselves. Gradually, Day is convinced that Frost is telling the truth and, to spare others from harm, agrees to kill him.
Moments before she shoots him to death, Frost tells Day that he now knows he is more powerful than anything or anyone in the world, and he thanks Day for believing in him. As Frost expounds on this, Day shoots him. For a moment she looks blankly at the body before saying, with Frost's voice, "Stronger than passing time." As Day is led away by the police, Detweiler arrives. Day refuses to speak, arousing Detweiler's suspicion, and the film ends.
Release.
In the Netherlands, the film has been released on DVD by distributor Dutch Film Works.
Reception.
While not a hit, "Mister Frost" was generally reviewed well. The film occasionally appears on television.

</doc>
<doc id="6975304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975304" title="Martins Cipulis">
Martins Cipulis



</doc>
<doc id="6975307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975307" title="Stephanus Brodericus">
Stephanus Brodericus

Stephanus Brodericus (; ; c. 1480 – 17 November 1539) was a Croatian–Hungarian bishop, diplomat, chancellor and humanist writer. He started his studies in Pécs and continued at the universities of Bologna and Padua, receiving his Doctorate in Canon Law in 1506.
After his return to Hungary at the age of 35-36 he worked in Esztergom, then got into the chancellery of Szatmár as a secretary in 1508. Brodericus participated in the coronation of the two-year-old Louis II in 4 June.
In 1517 he was appointed canon to the bishop of Pécs, received a diploma from Louis II that extended his crests, and shortly afterwards Brodericus was made head prelate of Pécs. The Hungarian-Croatian bishop spent most of his time in the chancellery: the most important organ of the Hungarian internal and foreign affairs. He mostly dealt with issues concerning foreign affairs. His series of diplomatic tasks began in 1521, which only ended with his death.
In 1521 he became secretary to the king, in 1524 dean cantor at the Esztergom Basilica. He also served as the king's chancellor and the bishop of Srijem. King János Szapolyai nominated Brodericus as Bishop of Pécs in 1536; he became Bishop of Vác in 1537 and served there until his death in 1539.
Brodericus participated in several diplomatic missions and wrote an account of the 1526 Battle of Mohács in his 1568 book "Clades in campo Mohacz". Eight editions of the book were eventually published.

</doc>
<doc id="6975308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975308" title="Hössi Ólafsson">
Hössi Ólafsson

Hössi Ólafsson (born Höskuldur Ólafsson; 1977) is an Icelandic singer, rapper, producer, and writer. He is best known as a founding member of the Icelandic rap group, Quarashi.
Professional career.
Hössi was born in Reykjavík, and first met future Quarashi member Sölvi Blöndal at the University of Iceland in the early 1990s. According to Blöndal, the first thing Hössi ever said to him was if he had any marijuana to sell.
Sölvi and Hössi would go on to play in the punk rock band, 2001. However, Sölvi soon began to develop a preference for studio production over band rehearsal-style songwriting. He also wanted to make different types of music besides industrial rock and punk, so he quit 2001 and began making rap music. Later on, Sölvi invited Hössi to join him in making rap music along with famous Icelandic skater and graffiti artist, Steini a.k.a. Stoney. Originally, Hössi would sing, while Steini would rap, but when Sölvi heard Hössi rap, he decided that his music group would have two rappers. Once that was settled, the three men formed Quarashi in 1996.
Hössi would serve as a vocalist in Quarashi from their first record, an EP entitled, "Switchstance", in 1996, until their first international release, "Jinx", in 2002. Hössi rapped the most on Quarashi songs, and also did some singing for the group, singing on "Dive In", "Into Your Arms", and "Fly to the Sky", in addition to singing the chorus of some songs.
Hössi, along with the rest of Quarashi, were featured in a 1999 documentary about the group entitled, "Around The Country On Medicine". He was also seen in a 1998 documentary that talked about Icelandic music.
In 2001, Hössi and Sölvi Blöndal produced the soundtrack for the Halldór Laxness play, "Kristnihald undir Jökli", which was directed by Bergur Þór Ingólfsson, and ran in the Borgarleikhús in the winter of 2001. The album was released under the Quarashi name and most of the 500 copies made were sold. Hössi has been quoted as saying that working on "Kristnihald undir Jökli" was "one of the most amazing things I've ever done in my life."
After spending 6 years with Quarashi, Hössi became bored with making music and performing. He also claimed that he was forgetting how to speak Icelandic due to being away from Iceland for long periods of time. Because of these two reasons, Hössi left Quarashi in December 2002. Quarashi announced Hössi's departure from the group on their official messageboard on 3 January 2003.
In August 2006, Hössi Ólafsson joined the Icelandic alternative pop band, Ske, as the lead singer.
Performance style.
Hössi has a deep low pitched voice when he talks and sings, but a high pitched nasally voice when he raps which some have compared to Rage Against the Machine frontman, Zack de la Rocha, and King Adrock from Beastie Boys. This was used as a point of criticism when Quarashi released "Jinx" in 2002, as some felt that Hössi's voice made the group sound like a Beastie Boys rip-off. Hössi's voice was noticeably higher on "Switchstance" and Quarashi's 1997 full-length debut album than it was on his last two albums with the group. This could be because of Hössi's well known chain smoking habit.

</doc>
<doc id="6975313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975313" title="Holy Innocent's Day">
Holy Innocent's Day



</doc>
<doc id="6975317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975317" title="L'amour existe encore">
L'amour existe encore

"L'amour existe encore" (meaning "love still exists") is a song by Canadian singer Celine Dion from her tenth studio album, "Dion chante Plamondon" (1991). It was written by Luc Plamondon and Riccardo Cocciante, and produced by Jannick Top and Serge Perathoner. "L'amour existe encore" was released as a promotional single in Quebec in November 1991. Commercially, it was issued in France on 24 January 1994. The song reached number 16 on the airplay chart in Quebec and number 31 in France.
Background and release.
"L'amour existe encore" was written by Luc Plamondon and Riccardo Cocciante, and produced by Jannick Top and Serge Perathoner. It was included on Dion's tenth studio album, "Dion chante Plamondon" (1991). In November 1991, "L'amour existe encore" and "Des mots qui sonnent" were released simultaneously as the first promotional singles in Quebec. The commercial single was issued in France on 24 January 1994. Dion often performed "L'amour existe encore" during her concerts. In 2005, it was included on her greatest hits album, "On ne change pas".
Commercial performance.
"L'amour existe encore" entered the airplay chart in Quebec on 18 November 1991 and reached number 16, staying on the chart for 20 weeks. In France, it entered the chart in early 1994 and peaked at number 31. The duet version with Éric Lapointe was released on his "Ailleurs - Volume 1" album (2009). It entered the charts in Canada in May 2009, peaking at numbers eight on the airplay chart in Quebec and 34 on the Canadian Adult Contemporary chart.
Music video.
The music video was filmed in December 1993 and directed by Alain DesRochers. It was released in January 1994. The music video was nominated for the Video of the Year at the Félix Awards in Quebec. In 2005, it was included on Dion's greatest hits DVD collection, "On ne change pas".
Spanish version.
In 2002, Dion recorded a Spanish version of "L'amour existe encore", titled "Aún Existe Amor". It was included on her eighteenth studio album, "A New Day Has Come". The Spanish lyrics were written by Ignacio Ballesteros-Diaz. Sony Music issued a promotional single in the United States in May 2022, and Dion performed "Aún Existe Amor" at the 2002 Latin "Billboard" Music Awards, where she received a special award for her hit "My Heart Will Go On", which became the first English-language song to top the "Billboard"'s Hot Latin Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="6975318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975318" title="Fanis Katergiannakis">
Fanis Katergiannakis

Fanis Katergiannakis (, born 16 February 1974) is a Greek former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Club career.
Ethnikos Pylaias.
Katergiannakis started his career in the young team for Ethnikos Pylaias a team in his town in Tracia. In the season 1992–93 Ethnikos Pylaias, with Katergiannakis as goalkeeper achieved a great season, gained the Greek Fourth Division. After that Katergiannakis received an offer from Aris Thessaloniki F.C. the mean club in Thessaloniki quite hard to refuse.
Aris.
In the summer 1994, Katergiannakis signed for Aris Thessaloniki F.C. and in the season 1997–1998 Katergiannakis, achieved a great season becoming the first goalkeeper and helping the team a soon the promotion to the Greek First Division. The next season made his great contribution to promote Aris Thessaloniki F.C. for the Uefa Cup and saved a penalty to Greek top scorer Demis Nikolaidis. The match of 27 January 2002 between Olympiacos and Aris Thessaloniki F.C., Katergiannakis saved so many opportunity from Stelios Giannakopoulos, Alexandros Alexandris, Predrag Đorđević, Christian Karembeu. The club of Thessaloniki won 1–0 in Athens and this was the only match lost at home for Olympiacos that in that season won the Greek First Division and after this match few teams try to make a new contract for Katergiannakis.
Olympiacos.
In the summer 2002 Katergiannakis signed a two-year contract with Olympiacos to become second goalkeeper behind Dimitrios Eleftheropoulos. He won the Greek Super League with Olympiacos in the 2002–03 season, after a big competition with the other goalkeeper Eleftheropoulos that he become injured during the match with the rival Panathinaikos. Katergiannakis became the first goalkeeper helping his new team to win the 7th consecutive Greek League and qualifying the team for UEFA Champions League and reached the final of Greek Cup against the Greek rival AEK Athens. The next season the coach Oleh Protasov declared that Katergiannakis and Eleftheropoulos were both titular goalkeepers of the first team of Olympiacos. The coach Otto Rehhagel, called him up to the Greece national al team.
Cagliari Calcio.
After he won Euro 2004 with Greece, the club of Olympiacos decided to acquire the legendary goalkeeper Antonis Nikopolidis. For the 2 goalkeepers there was less space and Dimitrios Eleftheropoulos signed for the Italian club Messina and Katergiannakis signed for another Italian club Cagliari in Serie A. Famous to be the first team of the main cities to win the league in Serie A. Katergiannakis in Cagliari, found players like David Suazo and the legendary Italian star Gianfranco Zola ready to help Cagliari Calcio to achieve a great season.
Iraklis.
In the summer 2005, Katergiannakis signed a two-year contract with Iraklis. Katergiannakis here met Georgios Georgiadis, teammate in the Greece national football team in the Euro 2004 triumph. That year Iraklis finished in 4th place in the Greek First Division, qualifying for the UEFA Europa League.
Kavala.
In the summer 2008, Katergiannakis signed for Kavala F.C. in Greek Second Division and he helped the team to gain the third place behind Antromitos and PAS Giannina and promote the team to the Greek Super League after a after ten-year absence. He was the goalkeeper to concede the least goals in the 2008–09 season. In the summer 2009, he also found in Kavala another player (Vasilios Lakis) with whom he won Euro 2004 with the Greece national football team, acquired by club to reinforce the team for the 2009–10 season.
on 17 February 2010, Katergiannakis reached the semifinals of the Greek Cup with Kavala, where he faced Aris, with whom he made his debut as a professional player. He reached the sixth place in the Greek Super League with Kavala. In the summer of 2011, both Katergiannakis and Kavala decided to end the contract.
International career.
He made his debut for the Greece national football team in November 1999 against Bulgaria replacing the Greek goalkeeper Antonis Nikopolidis. Katergiannakis was included in the national team that won Euro 2004 in Portugal with the other goalkeepers Antonis Nikopolidis and Konstantinos Chalkias.
After retirement.
In November 2018, he become the Goalkeeping Coach of the Greece national football team.
Personal.
His daughter Sylia (b.2005) is also a professional goalkeeper, and she signed with PAOK in 2022
Honours.
Olympiacos
Aris
Kavala
Greece
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="6975322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975322" title="Table football">
Table football

Table football, known as foosball or table soccer in North America, is a tabletop game loosely based on association football. Its objective is to move the ball into the opponent's goal by manipulating rods which have figures attached resembling football players of two opposing teams. Although its rules often vary by country and region when the game is played casually, competitive-level table football is played according to a unified code.
History.
Patents for similar table games date back as early as the 1890s in Germany and France. In 1921, Harold Searles Thornton patented the game in the United Kingdom as "Apparatus for playing a game of table football", seen as the first patent for a game with the same core playing features as the modern game. His design inspiration came from a box of matches.
Belgian magazine "Le Soir illustré" claimed in 1979 the French inventor Lucien Rosengart (1881–1976) came up with the game of table football in the 1930s when he was looking for things to keep his grandchildren entertained during the cold winter months. He called the game "babyfoot".
Galician inventor Alejandro Finisterre patented his invention of table football, "futbolín", in Madrid in 1937. His version is the one used in modern-day table football.
The game was eventually brought to the United States in the 1950s by Lawrence Patterson, reaching its peak of popularity there in the 1970s, when it could be found in bars and pool halls throughout the country. The name "foosball" became common in the United States via German imports that called it "tischfußball" ( "table football").
In 2002, the International Table Soccer Federation (ITSF) was established in France with the mission of promoting the game. It acts as an organising sports body, regulating international competitions and establishing the game with the International Olympic Committee and General Association of International Sport Federation.
The game.
The game involves using figures mounted on rotating bars to kick a ball into the opposing goal. Table football tables can vary in size, but a table for adult play is typically 150 cm long and 90 cm wide, while smaller tables are typically built for children usage. The table usually contains eight rows of "foos men", which are plastic, metal, wooden, or sometimes carbon-fibre figures mounted on horizontal metal bars. Each team of one or two human players controls four rows of foos men, one row each for the goalkeeper, defenders, midfield and strikers. Players manipulate the rods to control the figures, using them to hold up, pass or 'kick' the ball. Games begin when the ball is served through a hole at the side of the table, or simply placed by hand at the feet of a figure in the centre of the table. A coin toss is usually used to determine which player or team serves first. If it is not the first match or if the ball gets out of play or if the ball suddenly stops out, then the team scored last would get the serve after he scores one. The term for when the ball leaves the table or gets stopped somewhere out of the men-like figures’ reach is dead ball. Expert players have been known to move balls at speeds up to 56 km/h (35 mph) in competition.
The rules prohibit "over 360-degree shots", or "spinning": using the palm of the hand to swiftly spin the bar all around, instead of using wrist strokes to kick the ball with a bar-mounted figure. Since the establishment of the International Table Soccer Federation (ITSF), the rules have become standardised in most international competitions. The rules say that a full 360-degree rotation before or after hitting the ball is considered spinning, and thus forbidden (although, if a spinning rod hits the ball backwards into their own goal, it will count as a goal for the opposing team). If an ungrasped rod is spun by the force of a ball hitting a player figure on the rod, the spin will be considered legitimate. 
The winner is determined when one team scores a predetermined number of goals, typically five, ten or eleven in competition. When playing Bonzini competitions, the target number of goals is seven and players must win by at least two clear goals.
The following arrangement is common to ITSF competition tables, though there are substantial variations, particularly in Spain and South America, where the "Futbolín" table model (or variants) is common and uses a different configuration. Looking from left to right on one side of the table, the configuration is usually as follows:
Table football can be played by two individuals (singles), and also with four people (doubles), in which there are teams of two people on either side. In this scenario, one player usually controls the two defensive rows and the other team member uses the midfield and attack rows. In informal matches, three or four players per side are also common.
Competition.
Table football is often played for fun in pubs, bars, workplaces, schools, and clubs with few rules. Table football is also played in official competitions organized by a number of national organizations, with highly evolved rules and regulations.
The ITSF now regulates International events including the annual World Championships and the World Cup. The World Cup was originally intended to coincide with the FIFA World Cup, but since January 2009 it has run annually. In the ITSF World Cup and World Championships 2013, almost 500 players from 30 countries congregated in Nantes, France to compete.
The ITSF World Tour has also recently expanded to include Asian countries. China, Taiwan and Malaysia played host to ITSF sanctioned tournaments in 2013. In 2016, the Philippines hosted The Manila Bay Open.
Tables.
A vast number of different table types exist. As of 2019, there are 5 official ITSF table brands (Bonzini, Roberto Sport, Garlando, Tornado, Leonhart), which are involved in an ITSF World Cup and World Championships and which may host an ITSF World Series. In the past, these brands also included Fireball, Eurosoccer and Tecball. Moreover, ITSF recognises additional brands for international and professional tournaments, namely Warrior, Fireball, Ullrich Sport, Rosengart and Guardian.
Several companies have created "luxury versions" of table football tables. There was a 7-metre table created by artist Maurizio Cattelan for a piece called "Stadium". It takes 11 players to a side. Differences in the table types have great influence on the playing styles. Most European tables have one goalie whose movements are restricted to the goal area while they have corners that are sloped, while a minority of brands in America utilises 3 goalies and flat corners. Another major difference between table types is found in the balls, which can be made of wood (cork in the case of traditional French tables), various forms of plastic or rarely even marble and metal, varying the speed of shots a great deal, as well as the "grip" between the man and the ball and the ball and the playing surface.
Robotic players.
The table football robot Foosbot is claimed to have been beaten by a human several times, but has been tested against expert players. Yet another table football robot is under development by two students at the Technical University of Denmark. The robot uses a camera mounted above an ordinary table.
Another bot has been developed by two students at the EPFL in Switzerland.
Specific terms.
"Snake-shot" or "roll-over" are both terms used to describe when the ball is shot from the offensive players striker position with a pin near the forward of the ball and full utilization of the degrees of motion allowed. After the pin the offensive player uses their wrist to rotate their striker and shoot the ball with maximum strength towards the desired angle
"Back-stabbing" - a term used when the ball is hit against the wall. Afterward, it rebounds into the back of the opposing defensive player and ends up in the opponent's goal. This move is rarely seen in professional matches due to the high skills required for execution but can be highly effective against well-organized defenses. The element of surprise and special techniques are employed to catch the opponent off guard.

</doc>
<doc id="6975323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975323" title="Surrender (Electric Light Orchestra song)">
Surrender (Electric Light Orchestra song)



</doc>
<doc id="6975324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975324" title="DeLancey Floyd-Jones">
DeLancey Floyd-Jones

DeLancey Floyd-Jones (January 20, 1826 – January 19, 1902) was a career officer in the United States Army, serving in the Mexican–American War and the American Civil War, as well as on frontier duty in the Old West.
Early career.
DeLancey Floyd-Jones was born in South Oyster Bay, New York. He graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point, 45th in the Class of 1846. With the outbreak of the Mexican–American War, he was assigned to Company D, 7th U.S. Infantry as second lieutenant. In November 1846, he was transferred to Company E, 4th U.S. Infantry. He participated in several major battles, including the Siege of Veracruz, the Battle of Molino del Rey, and the Battle for Mexico City. For gallant and meritorious conduct at Molino del Rey, he was brevetted to first lieutenant on September 8, 1847, receiving a promotion to the full rank in January 1848, when he was briefly assigned to duty in Pascagoula, Mississippi.
Floyd-Jones was reassigned to a garrison in Detroit, Michigan, from 1848–50. He then performed recruiting duty for two more years before being assigned to Benicia, California. During the Yakima War, he served at Fort Vancouver and at Fort Steilacoom in the Washington Territory until 1855. Floyd-Jones was promoted to captain on July 31, 1854, while in Washington. He returned to California for a year before being assigned to duty in Oregon.
American Civil War.
With the outbreak of the Civil War, Floyd-Jones was promoted to major of the 11th U.S. Infantry on May 14, 1861, and sent to the Eastern Theater. During the 1862 Peninsula Campaign in Virginia, Floyd-Jones commanded the 11th Infantry at the battles of Yorktown, Gaines Mill and Malvern Hill. He was appointed a brevet lieutenant colonel on July 4, 1862, for "gallant and meritorious service during the Peninsular Campaign." He served in the Northern Virginia Campaign, August to September 1862, including the Second Battle of Bull Run. During the Maryland Campaign, his regiment was lightly engaged at the Battle of Antietam, where they took a position immediately east of Sharpsburg.
Floyd-Jones was active in the Rappahannock Campaign and the Mud March, then went into winter camp prior to seeing action again at the Battle of Chancellorsville. At the Battle of Gettysburg, Floyd-Jones led his men into action near the Wheatfield, suffering substantial casualties. He was appointed a brevet colonel, July 2, 1863, for "gallant and meritorious service at Gettysburg."
On August 1, 1863, he was promoted to lieutenant colonel of the 19th U.S. Infantry and was assigned to supervise recruitment at Fort Independence in Massachusetts. In October of that year, he assumed command of the defenses and fortifications of Boston Harbor, a post he held until March 1865. He was brevetted brigadier general on March 13, 1865, and became commander of the 19th Infantry in April 1865.
Post-war career.
After the war, Floyd-Jones served in a variety of administrative posts, commanding Newport Barracks in Kentucky from October 1865 to March 1866, and the occupation garrison of Little Rock, Arkansas, from March to August 1866. Following sick leave, he was assigned as Acting Assistant Inspector General and Judge Advocate of the Department of Arkansas from December 1866 to February 1867. He was then in command of Fort Smith, Arkansas until October 1867, and then of Fort Gibson and the District of Indian Territory until January 1868. On June 25, 1867, he was promoted to colonel and assigned to the 6th U.S. Infantry. He served as Superintendent of Indian Affairs in Idaho Territory from June 1869 to November 1870, then at various times commanded Fort Dodge, Fort Hays, the post at Holly Springs, Mississippi, Jackson Barracks in New Orleans, Louisiana, and the garrison in Helena, Montana. In 1871, he was assigned to the 3rd U.S. Infantry. He retired March 20, 1879.
Personal life.
DeLancey Floyd-Jones was the fifth child of State Senator Henry Floyd-Jones (1792–1862) and Helen M. (Watts) Floyd-Jones. He was married twice: First, on June 24, 1852, to Laura Jane "Jennie" Whitney (1827–1852), of Rochester, New York, who died only three months after their wedding while Floyd-Jones was stationed in Washington Territory; Second, on April 29, 1878, to Minnie Oglesby (1858–1929), of New Orleans. They separated a few years after their wedding but never divorced.
Floyd-Jones traveled around the world many times, during leaves from the army and after his retirement in 1879. He documented these journeys in letters home, and frequently had his observations and descriptions of these faraway places published in local Long Island, New York newspapers such as "The South Side Signal" and "The Hempstead Inquirer". He also published a well-reviewed book about his travels to India, China, and Japan in the late 1880s, entitled "Letters From The Far East".
He was also the founder and builder, in 1896, of the first free library on the south shore of Long Island, the Delancey Floyd-Jones Free Library, contributing his personal books.
After retirement, he became more involved in the many social and military organizations he had joined over the years. In 1847, he was among the establishers of The Aztec Club of 1847. In 1885, he was elected treasurer of the club; in 1892 he presented the club with a silver centerpiece manufactured by Tiffany's representing an ancient Aztec Teocali. The centerpiece is still used at their annual meetings to this day. In 1894 he was elected vice president of the club, and succeeded to the presidency the following year, while also remaining treasurer. He was also an active member of the South Side Sportsman's Club, The St. Nicholas Society, the Loyal Legion of the United States, and was a lifetime member of the Sons of the Revolution.
A note on the hyphenation of his last name: DeLancey Floyd-Jones is descended from Major Thomas Jones (1665–1713) privateer and soldier, for whom Jones Beach, Long Island, is named; and Col. Richard Floyd (1620-c. 1690). In 1757, Thomas Jones's granddaughter, Arabella Jones, married Col. Richard Floyd IV, son of Richard Floyd III, whose will stated that his (sizeable) estate would be handed down to the first male issue of any issue with provision that the name be hyphenated to contain "Floyd." Arabella fulfilled that provision, and thus, the name was hyphenated Floyd-Jones.
DeLancey Floyd-Jones was also related (through direct line or marriage) to William Floyd and Philip Livingston, both signers of the Declaration of Independence; writer James Fenimore Cooper; John Loudon McAdam (creator of the road construction style named after him); Daniel Webster, Governor DeWitt Clinton of New York, Edith Wharton, and Alexander Hamilton.

</doc>
<doc id="6975327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975327" title="HVDC Russia–Finland">
HVDC Russia–Finland

The HVDC Russia–Finland (also: Kernovo-Mussalo cable) was a proposed HVDC submarine power cable between Kernovo, Leningrad Oblast (Russia) and Mussalo, Kotka (Finland). The project's main purpose was to export Russian nuclear energy to Sweden and Finland.
History.
The cable was initially suggested in the 1990s by the Russian State Nuclear Power Company Rosenergoatom. In 2004, United Power Oy, a Finland-based company controlled by Baltenergo, a subsidiary of Rosenergoatom, submitted an official application for the submarine cable and a converter station. On December 21, 2005, United Power and BasEl, representing 16 Swedish and Finnish companies, signed a preliminary 15-year electricity supply agreement.
In December 2006, the Finnish Government rejected the project. In May 2007, United Power announced it would abandon its efforts to build an undersea electric cable from Russia to Finland and would instead pursue a direct link from Russia to Sweden across the Baltic Sea.
After several years, the project was abandoned for political reasons. Politicians dropped support for this project in exchange for resolving other bilateral issues, such as Nord Stream 1, Russian export duties on timber, and the leasing of the Saimaa Canal.
In January 2008, United Power filed for insolvency at the Kotka district court.
Technical features.
The submarine cable was planned to have a capacity of 1,000 MW for the transmission of up to 8.7 TWh of electricity per year. It was to consist of two ironclad cables separated by a distance of , and one ground metal cable. It was to be linked with the Leningrad Nuclear Power Plant at Sosnovy Bor.
The project's overall cost was estimated at €300 million. A financing agreement was signed with Russia's state-run foreign economic bank Vnesheconombank (VEB) in June 2006. The project's payback period was estimated at six to nine years, with construction planned for completion in 2009–2010.
Route.
The primary proposed route was from Kernovo in Russia to Mussalo in Finland. Alternative options were also considered, including replacing the 1000 MW cable with two 500 MW cables connecting Kernovo with different destinations in Finland. Other considered destinations in Finland were Loviisa, Sipoo, Espoo and Ingå.
After rejection by the Finnish authorities, United Power prepared a new application for a cable with a lower capacity of up to 450 MW and considered an alternative route from Vyborg in Russia to Lappeenranta in Finland. United Power and Baltenergo also explored alternative projects to export Russian electricity to Finland through Estonia, or directly from Russia to Sweden. In February 2007, Baltenergo suggested an undersea power cable from Sosnovy Bor to Estonia instead of Finland, to sell electricity to the Nordic market through Estonia. In January 2007, United Power proposed a submarine cable directly from Russia to Sweden. Baltenergo repeated this proposal in May 2007. However, none of these proposals moved forward.
United Power.
United Power Oy was a Finnish-Russian energy company established in 2003 as a special-purpose company for transferring electricity from Russia to Finland and other European countries. The shareholders of United Power were Baltenergo, Kotkan Energia, and a consortium of private investors. András Szép was the Chairman of the Board, and Jaakko Ihamuotila and Pertti Salolainen were Finnish members of the board.
After the Finnish Ministry of Trade and Industry rejected the construction permit, United Power suspended its activities. In January 2008, United Power filed for insolvency at the Kotka district court.
Controversy.
The Russian Government backed the project, and Finnish and Swedish industries supported it. However, the Finnish national transmission grid operator Fingrid and some Russian energy companies criticized it. The Russian Federal Grid Company stated that there would not be enough electricity for export in the coming years because the Saint Petersburg area (Leningrad Oblast) was experiencing undercapacity, and the sea cable would worsen the situation by sending electricity abroad instead of to Russian regions. Anatoly Chubais, the CEO of RAO UES, called the project unrealistic and possibly unprofitable. Finnish concerns related to the Finnish grid's ability to adapt to Russian power transmission and the amount of necessary investments into the transmission grid. Fingrid stated that the regional grid in southeastern Finland was operating at maximum capacity and could not handle the additional power. According to Mauri Pekkarinen, the Finnish Minister of Trade and Industry, the undersea cable project would have required €1.5 billion in investments to strengthen the carrying capacity of the Finnish electricity grid.
Some Nordic NGOs expressed concern that the power generated in Sosnovy Bor was unsuitable due to the nuclear power plant's age and potential environmental threat.
United Power argued that the sea cable would increase competition in the Finnish energy market and decrease electricity prices by 6-8%. It also offered to build two gas-fired thermal power plants near Sosnovy Bor with a total capacity of 900 MW as reserve capacity, and to consider alternative routes to reduce the need to upgrade the Finnish transmission system.

</doc>
<doc id="6975330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975330" title="THE UEFA CHAMPIONS LEAGUE 2006-07">
THE UEFA CHAMPIONS LEAGUE 2006-07



</doc>
<doc id="6975334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975334" title="The Blue Meaning">
The Blue Meaning

The Blue Meaning is the second studio album by the English new wave band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox, released in 1980 by Safari Records. It reached the Top 40 on the UK Albums Chart.
Background.
The album was recorded at the Parkgate Studios in Battle, East Sussex and mixed at the Marquee Studios in London. The album's title comes from blue being one of Toyah's favourite colours, which the singer finds deeply spiritual, with multiple cultural associations. The album cover features a photo taken by Gered Mankowitz at night in front of a Gothic mansion Wykehurst Place, located in Bolney near Brighton. It pictures Toyah Willcox dressed in a maid outfit and wearing ballet shoes, tied to one of the entrance pillars. Other band members are pictured on the mansion's balconies.
The only single taken from the album was "Ieya", backed with "The Helium Song", which was in fact an extended version of the album track "Spaced Walking", recorded as Toyah inhaled helium to give her vocals a 'squeaky' demeanor (she can be heard inhaling between lines). The album was Toyah's first entry on the national UK Albums Chart where it reached number 40. It was also the band's second number 1 on the UK Independent Albums Chart.
"The Blue Meaning" saw its first release on CD in 1990 on the Great Expectations label, and was reissued in a double CD package with "Sheep Farming in Barnet" by Safari Records in 2002. The latter release was remastered and included two bonus tracks. In May 2021, Cherry Red Records released the album in an expanded deluxe edition, consisting of 2 CDs with rarities and previously unreleased bonus material, and a DVD including an interview, new live performances and archive footage, as well as on a pink vinyl. Following the re-release, "The Blue Meaning" re-entered the national UK Albums Chart as well as the Independent Albums Chart. It also reached number 1 on the UK Rock &amp; Metal Albums and number 12 on the UK Physical Albums Chart.
Lyrical content.
Willcox said that the lyrics of the opening song, "Ieya", are about "mankind meeting (...) the higher intelligence that put us here", referring to panspermia and the ancient astronauts theory, while the title itself came about by using syllables as a way of expression and the voice as an improvisational instrument. "Spaced Walking" references the psychedelic music of the 1960s. Willcox reflected that "it's about opening the doors of perception. I was heavily into William Burroughs then. (...) It's about just altering reality".
The song "Mummies" was inspired by the mummies of Guanajuato and Toyah's interest in the genre of horror and psychopathic thrillers. Willcox explained that "Blue Meanings" is "about the beginning of the Industrial Revolution. It's also possibly about a dystopian future when man has no longer got importance as individuals but is more important as groups of people without autonomy. So it's about that bleakness. It's about being bred for a reason, so churning children in and out of factories purely for economic reasons. (...) [It] is just about the industrialization of the human race".
Referring to "Insects", Willcox said: "whenever I walked by the audience there would be hands clambering all over my body and I just thought 'Urgh – insects, insects!'. But on stage I go to the audience and just let them rip me to pieces. (...) They want to grab my body and do vulgar things. They want to fantasize about me which is fine because that's what my music is, it's pure fantasy". The subject also inspired the lyrics to "Love Me" which Toyah said is about "accepting abuse and also controlling someone via their abuse. (...) I was touched so much, physically touched by the audience" as well as her inability to have close relationships at that time due to shyness and distrust. She said: "It's kind of a question, 'Do you love me? Is this love?', (...) exploring what is love and what expresses love".
The closing track, "She", was influenced by the Danse Macabre motive and Toyah's bad memories from her school days when she was mocked for her speech impediment and how she looked. "The anger [in the song] is a back-reference to the misappropriation of behaviour that I experienced in the education system, at school. I was touched too much, I was pushed too much, I was chastised too much, I was mocked too much", Willcox reflected in 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="6975340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975340" title="Bishop of Città di Castello">
Bishop of Città di Castello



</doc>
<doc id="6975343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975343" title="McConnell">
McConnell

McConnell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6975347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975347" title="Merry Pemberton">
Merry Pemberton

Merry Pemberton, also known as Gimmick Girl and Merry, Girl of 1000 Gimmicks is a fictional character in the DC Comics Universe. She is the adoptive sister of Sylvester Pemberton. Merry Pemberton first appeared in "Star-Spangled Comics" #81 in June 1948, and ran through #90 (March 1949). She was created by writer Otto Binder.
Fictional character biography.
Born Merry Creamer, she is adopted by Mr. and Mrs. Sylvester Pemberton Sr., the parents of the original Star-Spangled Kid. She soon adopts a crime-fighting persona and works with her brother and Stripesy, ultimately supplanting them in their own feature.
According to "Jess Nevins' Encyclopedia of Golden Age Superheroes", Merry "fights her male opposite, the Gimmick Guy; Presto, a criminal stage magician; and the Rope, who uses rope-themed gimmicks".
Merry eventually marries Henry King Sr., the supervillain known as the original Brain Wave. They had one son named Henry King Jr. who became the super-hero Brainwave, a member of Infinity Inc. which was founded by his uncle, Sylvester Pemberton Jr., the Star-Spangled Kid.
References to Merry before the "Crisis on Infinite Earths" note that she died at some point. However, she has since been revived and joined Old Justice, a team of former Golden Age sidekicks consisting of Dan the Dyna-Mite, Doiby Dickles, Neptune Perkins, Thorndyke Thompkins of the Minute Men of America, and the Cyclone Kids who feel modern teen heroes are risking themselves and others.
During the "Sins of Youth" event it is revealed that she particularly resents Stargirl, who at that time had taken her brother's title as the Star-Spangled Kid. Merry assists dozens of other superheroes, most of whom had changed ages, in battling Klarion the Witch Boy and other villains. Old Justice finds itself in the parental role of supervising many super-powered adolescents. She makes her peace with Stargirl, who has become an adult woman temporarily. During a multi-character battle in Alaska, Stargirl even saves Merry from Amazo. By the end of the story Merry has made her peace with both Stargirl and younger heroes in general.
After the JSA rescues her son from Black Adam and Mister Mind, Merry takes him back into her care.
Legacy.
In "Seven Soldiers" #0, a new character named Gimmix appears. Credited as Jacqueline Pemberton, Merry's estranged daughter, Gimmix uses her Bag of Trix to do light hero work, mostly appearing at conventions talking about how she met up with better-known heroes such as Aquaman and Booster Gold. Some of her gimmicks are Zoom Glasses, anti-spider lipstick, "What Every Girl Needs" ice spray, and an unnamed gimmick that can turn water into wine. Jacqueline becomes part of an ill-fated team of six superheroes rounded up by Greg Saunders and is killed by the Sheeda, an advanced race which feeds on its own history to survive. Later on, Gimmix is shown attending group therapy for metahumans.
In "52", it is revealed that Jacqueline was the head of the Pemberton estate, and since her death has not been officially recorded, Lex Luthor purchases the estate for the trademarks of Skyman and Infinity Inc.
Powers and abilities.
Merry had no superpowers but wore a costume that contained various devices and gimmicks which she used as weapons.

</doc>
<doc id="6975349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975349" title="South atlantic medal">
South atlantic medal



</doc>
<doc id="6975354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975354" title="Gurs concentration camp">
Gurs concentration camp



</doc>
<doc id="6975355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975355" title="Baltazar Dvorničić Napuly">
Baltazar Dvorničić Napuly

Baltazar Dvorničić Napuly (1560 – 29 March 1634) was a Croatian Catholic cleric and lawyer. He is notable for establishing the first private law school in Zagreb, and for his efforts to establish the Croatian college in Austria.
Biography.
A native of Koprivnica, Baltazar was a student at University of Bologna during, at least, 1581. Some have claimed that he had previously studied in Graz and Vienna, but clear evidence is lacking. In Bologna, he had earned his degrees in philosophy, theology, and both civil and canon law by 1588. From November 1589 to December 1591, he was principal of the Hungarian–Illyrian (Croatian) college in Bologna. At this time, he wrote his book "Methodica Processum Directio" (1590), on civil law, which shows the fruits of his collaboration with his friends Gašpar Petričević and Ivan Kitonić. It was reprinted by Kitonić, without acknowledgement and under an altered title, in 1619.
In 1588, while still studying and writing, he was appointed as archdeacon of Varaždin, then in 1591 archdeacon of Gorički. Returning to Zagreb in 1597, he took up posts at Zagreb (Kaptol) cathedral, becoming in 1600 a custodian, and in 1601 a lecturer. In 1613 he was appointed prepositor ("prepošt", the principal ecclesiastical dean of Zagreb Kaptol). He also served as a member in the Hungarian parliament, and chairman of the High Court or "Banski stol". He wrote and published several books on law, and established the first private law school in Zagreb, where he taught both civil and canon law. He died on 29 March, 1634 in Zagreb. After his death, he left his money to the founding of the Croatian-language college at the University of Vienna, "Collegium Croaticum Viennense".

</doc>
<doc id="6975356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975356" title="Merry Christmas Everyone">
Merry Christmas Everyone

"Merry Christmas Everyone" is a festive song recorded by Welsh singer-songwriter Shakin' Stevens. Written by Bob Heatlie and produced by Dave Edmunds, it is the fourth and to date last number one single for Shakin' Stevens on the UK Singles Chart.
It was released on 25 November 1985 and was the Christmas number one for that year. Ever since it has been included on many top-selling Christmas collections and received frequent airplay every Christmas. In 2007, the song re-entered the UK top 30 and reached number 22 on the Christmas chart. This is because downloads are now included in the UK Singles Chart; whereas in past years this would have been impossible unless there was a physical re-release of the song. From 2007 to 2017, the song charted in the UK at peak positions 22, 36, 47, 68, 42, 46, 54, 38, 26, 17, and 10. Originally only in the chart for eight weeks, it has since amassed over 70 weeks. In December 2018 it reached No. 9 in the UK chart, its highest position since 1985. In both December 2019 and December 2020, it reached No. 6.
Background.
"Merry Christmas Everyone" was recorded in 1984. Its original planned release was put back by a year to avoid clashing with the runaway success of Band Aid's charity single "Do They Know It's Christmas?"
Music video.
The video shows a young girl named Samantha traveling by plane to a place called Santaworld where she meets up with Stevens who met her on a bus going to the place. Stevens is then seen riding with a woman dressed as an elf in a sleigh pulled by a horse and is taken to meet Santa Claus before going to a replica of Santa's workshop where children are seen playing with toys before going out with Santa on the sleigh and joins in a snowball fight with some other children and ends up hitting a snowman who starts to chase him. At the end of the video, Stevens is seen bidding farewell to Santa, the snowman and the children before going back into the sleigh with the woman. Filmed in Sweden the children included Shaky's son, daughter, their friends including Shaky's drummer's daughter the actor, Sarah J Price (in her first role) and competition winner Jeremy Cartwright who was holidaying in Wales prior to filming and can be seen sledging at speed down a hill. 
"Echoes of Merry Christmas Everyone" (2015).
In time for Christmas 2015, Shakin' Stevens released a new version of the song as a charity single in collaboration with The Salvation Army. It is a completely revamped version with folk and bluegrass influences and prominent use of banjo. The single was available as a download starting December 2015 with all proceeds going to The Salvation Army.
The 2015 single did not chart on the UK Top 100, although the original by Shakin' Stevens made it to number 26 on the UK Top 100 Chart published on Christmas week.
The Celebs version.
In 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic, a supergroup known as the Celebs, which included Laura Tobin, Richard Arnold, Frank Bruno, "The X Factor" winner Sam Bailey and others, recorded a new rendition of "Merry Christmas Everyone" to raise money for both the Alzheimer's Society and Action for Children. It was released digitally on 11 December 2020, on independent record label Saga Entertainment. The music video debuted exclusively on "Good Morning Britain" the day before release.

</doc>
<doc id="6975361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975361" title="Raol">
Raol



</doc>
<doc id="6975364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975364" title="Horse Guard's Parade">
Horse Guard's Parade



</doc>
<doc id="6975374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975374" title="Bear trap">
Bear trap

Bear trap or beartrap may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6975377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975377" title="Senegal (river)">
Senegal (river)



</doc>
<doc id="6975379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975379" title="Labin Republic">
Labin Republic

The Labin Republic (, ) was a short-lived self-governing republic that was proclaimed by miners in the Istrian city of Labin (Albona) on March 7, 1921, during a mining strike. It was created in what has been described as the world's first anti-fascist uprising. On April 8, the Italian administration in Istria suppressed the strike by force.
History.
With the collapse of the Austro-Hungarian Empire following the end of the First World War, Italy was given the regions of Istria and parts of Dalmatia as part of the Treaty of Saint-Germain, as promised in the Treaty of London by the Triple Entente. Italy began to revitalize and exploit the population and economic potential of the occupied territories.
Before Mussolini's March on Rome in Italy, fascists occupied the headquarters of the Workers' Committee in Trieste in 1921, set it on fire, and attacked representatives of the Raša (Arsa) Mining Trade Union. Prompted by this event and the exploitative character of the mine owners, the , a general strike of about two thousand miners broke out.
One of the causes of the strike was the decision by the mine owners not to pay a bonus for February 1921, because the miners had taken a day’s holiday to observe Candlemas on 2 February, although the management had abolished it as a holiday. "For the miners the Candlemas was, next to the feast of Santa Barbara, the most important day because February 2 symbolized the light."
The men were of different origins - Croats, Slovenes, Italians, Germans, Czechs, Slovaks, Poles and Hungarians. They were led by Giovanni Pippan, sent by the Italian Socialist Party from Trieste. However on March 1, 1921, Pippan was caught by a group of fascists at the railway station in Pazin, where he was beaten. The news reached Labin the following day and on 3 March the miners assembled and decided to occupy the mine works in response. Augmented by the arrival of the peasants from the surrounding countryside, a "red guard" was organized as a security force tasked with maintaining order.
The miners proclaimed the republic in the occupied mines on 7 March with the slogan, ("The mine is ours"). They organized a government and the Red Guards as protection from the police, and started to manage the production of mines by themselves with the support of some farmers.
On April 8, 1921 the Italian administration in Istria, responding to requests for intervention from the mine owners, decided to suppress the republic using military force. A thousand soldiers surrounded the mine and eventually succeeded after suppressing the strong resistance of the miners. The arrested miners were sent to prisons in Pola and Rovigno. The indictment charged 52 miners. Lawyers Edmondo Puecher, Guido Zennaro and Egidio Cerlenizza successfully defended the accused, and the jury issued an acquittal.
Aftermath.
Although never established, the Labin Republic had left unrecoverable scars on Labinština, and it had a much wider echo. This cluster of events should be interpreted in the context of the circumstances at the time, particularly in the Italian Peninsula and Central Europe. The multi-ethnic, but unique armed resistance to overwhelming fascism paved the way for anti-fascism.
The story of the Labin Republic was the subject of a 1985 Yugoslav film, "The Red and the Black" ().

</doc>
<doc id="6975380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975380" title="JD Sports">
JD Sports

JD Sports Fashion plc, commonly known as JD Sports, JD or JD Group is a British multinational sports-fashion retail company based in Bury, Greater Manchester, England. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. The Pentland Group owns 55% of the company.
History.
The company was established by John Wardle and David Makin (hence the name "JD"), trading from a single shop in Bury, Greater Manchester, in 1981. The company opened a store in the Arndale Centre in Manchester in 1983. Pentland Group bought Wardle's and Makin's shares for £44.6M in May 2005, so acquiring 45% of the business.
Acquisitions.
Early acquisitions of stores included 209 stores with the acquisition of First Sport from Blacks Leisure Group in December 2001 and 70 stores from the administrators of Allsports in October 2005. Subsequent acquisitions of businesses included:
In addition, the company acquired the rugby heritage brands 'Canterbury' and 'Canterbury of New Zealand' as well as 'The Duffer of St. George' and 'Kooga Rugby' brands.
International operations.
The company acquired "Chausport", which operated 75 small stores in France, in May 2009. It opened its first store in Malaysia in January 2016. The company acquired an 80% stake in the Australian retailer Next Athleisure for A$6.6 million in late 2016. This was followed by the opening of more stores in Australia in April 2017, in South Korea in April 2018, in Singapore in May 2018 and in Thailand in November 2018. The company also acquired 80% of Cosmos Sport, based in Crete, in December 2021 and has launched a joint venture with Erajaya Swasembada in Indonesia with a store opened in 2022. In August 2023, it was announced JD Sports had acquired the remaining 40% of shares in the Krakow-headquartered footwear and clothing retail chain, Marketing Investment Group. JD Sports acquired the first 60% in April 2021. JD Sports opened its first store in Poland in December 2021. In December 2023, Sports Unlimited Retail, JD Sports' Dutch subsidiary, was declared bankrupt.
Sponsorship.
JD Sports is the official supplier and sponsor of association football teams, players, and associations. In August 2008, JD Sports announced sponsorship deals with AFC Bournemouth, Charlton Athletic, Dundee United, Blackpool, Luton Town &amp; Oldham Athletic.
Controversies.
Mistreatment of staff.
The company has been the subject of accusations of mistreatment of its UK warehouse staff, with comparisons being made to Victorian "dark satanic mills" and "prison" conditions in 2016 and 2019.
Go Outdoors.
The company pushed its subsidiary, Go Outdoors, into administration in June 2020. It then bought it back from administrators with the creditors losing much of their money.
Alleged breaches of competition law.
The company along with Leicester City were placed under investigation by the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) due to alleged breaches in competition law in September 2021. The investigation was in regard to anti-competitive agreements over the sale of club branded merchandise in the UK. Both JD Sports and Leicester City said they were 'fully cooperating' with the CMA.
Covert meetings between the Chief Executive Officers of JD Sports and Footasylum.
After the company acquired Footasylum in March 2019, the CMA carried out an investigation and then, on the basis that the company's ownership of Footasylum might limit competition, ordered the company to dispose of Footasylum. The company and, its subsidiary, Footasylum, were fined a combined £4.7 million after the CEO of JD Sports, Peter Cowgill, allegedly met covertly with the CEO of Footasylum, Barry Bown, on two occasions in July and August 2021 in breach of an order from the CMA not to exchange commercially sensitive information without CMA consent. One of the meetings was alleged to have taken place in a car park in Bury, Greater Manchester.

</doc>
<doc id="6975385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975385" title="List of mayors of Tabriz">
List of mayors of Tabriz

Tabriz is a city authority lies with the mayor, who is elected by a municipal board. The municipal board (City Council) is periodically elected by the city residents. Saat Hall is used as the municipal central office or city hall and municipality meeting take part there. Municipality history in Iran begins in Tabriz from 1908 when Sardar Homayun Vali Qaem selected as the first mayor in Tabriz. Here is the list of mayors of the city from the beginning of municipality in Tabriz (Geri gory Calendar, Iranian Calendar), many of which are notable singers from the 1980s:

</doc>
<doc id="6975389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975389" title="Born in Bradford">
Born in Bradford

Born in Bradford is a large birth cohort study based at Bradford Royal Infirmary, a hospital in the city of Bradford, West Yorkshire in the United Kingdom. 12,500 pregnant women were recruited to the study between March 2007 and December 2010. The lives of their 13,500 children are being tracked through research studies and the use of routinely collected medical and educational data.
Background.
Bradford has some of the highest rates of childhood illness in the UK. Born in Bradford is helping to unravel the reasons for this ill health and bring new scientific discovery to the world. It is also providing a catalyst for communities to work with the NHS and local authority to improve child health and wellbeing in the city. Examples of the success of Born in Bradford in changing practice include: the establishment of a Yorkshire wide congenital anomalies register, the first trust in the UK to provide gestational diabetes screening for all pregnant women in the district, improvement in vitamin D supplementation in high risk mothers, rapid implementation of NICE guidelines in midwifery practice, improved detection of childhood obesity by health visitors, and development of a simple mobile phone app to help parents and health professionals monitor children's weight.
Born in Bradford will continue to follow children until they are adults, and help doctors to understand more about the big health challenges of the 21st century such as heart disease, mental health and cancer. This is a study that has the potential to promote real change at a local level and also to make major contributions to global knowledge.
The project does an annual programme on BBC Radio 4 hosted by Winifred Robinson.

</doc>
<doc id="6975415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975415" title="Hossbach Conference">
Hossbach Conference



</doc>
<doc id="6975417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975417" title="Armin Krugel">
Armin Krugel

Armin Krugel is a Swiss nordic combined skier who competed in 1995. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 5 km team event at the 1995 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Thunder Bay, Ontario.
Krugel's only individual victory came earlier that same year in Calgary in the 15 km individual.

</doc>
<doc id="6975428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975428" title="Guilherme Siqueira">
Guilherme Siqueira

Guilherme Madalena Siqueira (; born 28 April 1986) is a Brazilian former footballer who played as a left back.
Siqueira started his senior career at Udinese in Italy before moving to Granada in Spain, where he was finally able to establish himself. He also briefly played in Portugal for Benfica, where he won the domestic treble in the 2013–14 season, before returning to Spanish football for the next three seasons with Atlético Madrid and Valencia.
Club career.
Early career.
At age 18, Siqueira was signed by Internazionale from Ipatinga in August 2004, at first in temporary deal for €125,000. He also played for hometown clubs Figueirense (his first club) and Avaí before joining Inter.
In January 2006, as part of César's transfer, he went on loan to Lazio, which included an option to co-own the players rights at the end of season.
Udinese.
On 11 August 2006, Siqueira joined Udinese in a co-ownership deal, for €750,000. Siqueira never became a regular for Udinese and made 3 starts and 13 substitute appearances in the 2006–07 season. He made his Serie A debut on 10 September 2006 in a 1–0 loss to Messina. During the 2007–08 season, Siqueira remained at Udinese but was seldom used. As Udinese did not buy full ownership from Inter, the out-of-favour Siqueira was loaned to Ancona to join another Inter-owned player, Rincón. During the 2008–09 season with Ancona, Siqueira featured regularly for the newly promoted club making 24 league appearances and scoring his first professional goal.
In June 2009, he returned to Udinese as the club now had Siqueira's entire registration rights. On 10 January 2010, he substituted Paolo Sammarco in the 71st minute, his first match of the season. He then made two more substitute appearances for the club.
Granada.
In 2010, Siqueira joined Granada on loan as part of a partnership agreement with Udinese in which various players joined Granada from the Italian club. In his first season in Spain, Siqueira featured regularly for his new club and helped Granada gain promotion to La Liga, despite being sent off 3 times in 34 league matches. After a fine first season with Granada, on 30 June 2011 he penned a four-year contract to remain with the club, as his contract with Udinese expired.
On 20 March 2012, Siqueira scored an audacious meisteresque dink from the penalty spot against Barcelona in La Liga at the Camp Nou. Siqueria soon started to attract from other clubs to sign him. At one point, Valencia and Benfica were keen to sign him. However, Siqueira signed a further contract extension, which will keep him until 2017.
At the end of the 2012–13 season, which left the club in 15th position, Siqueira announced he intended to leave the club in the summer transfer window. Siqueira, however, denied he wanted to leave the club and said he was happy there in an exclusive interview with "Marca". Despite this, Siqueria retained interest from English Premier League sides Everton, Liverpool and Stoke City.
In April 2014, Real Madrid made a bid for Siqueira from Granada and the move was agreed. However, this was denied by the club's president, Enrique Pina.
Benfica (loan).
On the very last minutes of the summer transfer deadline day, Siqueira signed a season-long loan deal with Benfica, with an option to make the move permanent for €7 million. He played in the club's 2–0 victory over Rio Ave in the 2014 Taça da Liga Final, and 99 minutes of the loss to Sevilla on penalties in the 2014 UEFA Europa League Final. Benfica also won the Primeira Liga title, with Siqueira playing 18 matches and scoring once, in a 2–0 win over Nacional on 27 October.
Atlético Madrid.
On 6 June 2014, Atlético Madrid and Granada reached an agreement for the transfer of Siqueira for a reported €10 million fee, pending a medical examination. He signed a four-year contract after passing his medical, on 11 June 2014. Upon joining the club, Siqueira said that "it did not take a second to decide" to join Atlético.
Siqueira made his debut in a friendly match against Numancia, on 23 July 2014, which Atlético won 1–0. He made his competitive debut in the first leg of the 2014 Supercopa de España on 19 August, a 1–1 draw away to Real Madrid in which he played 64 minutes before being replaced by fellow debutant Cristian Ansaldi.
Valencia (loan).
On 1 February 2016, Siqueira was loaned to Valencia.
Having been without a club for over a year, he announced his retirement on 29 August 2018.
International career.
Despite gaining Italian citizenship, which made him eligible playing for Italy, Siqueira declared his desire to represent Spain, having been granted Spanish citizenship in October 2013.
Honours.
Benfica
Atlético Madrid

</doc>
<doc id="6975429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975429" title="List of usurpers">
List of usurpers

The following is a list of usurpers – illegitimate or controversial claimants to the throne in a monarchy. The word usurper is a derogatory term, often associated with claims that the ruler seized power by force or deceit rather than legal right. The term has often carried disdain to those who have been accused of being one.

</doc>
<doc id="6975430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975430" title="Ruch Autonomii Śląska">
Ruch Autonomii Śląska



</doc>
<doc id="6975441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975441" title="Habesha">
Habesha



</doc>
<doc id="6975445" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975445" title="Stepan Erzya">
Stepan Erzya

Stepan Dmitrievich Erzia (Nefyodov) (; – 24 November 1959), also known as Stefan Erzia, was an Erzya sculptor who lived in Russia and Argentina. Erzya chose his pseudonym after the native ethnic group.
Biography.
He was born October 27, 1876, in the village Bayevo, Alatyrsky Uyezd, Simbirsk Governorate of Russian Empire. In 1892 his family moved to Alatyr; Stepan became an apprentice of various icon-painting studios. In 1893–1897 he lived in Kazan, previously at the joiner's shop, later he worked at P. A. Kovalinski's icon-painting studio in Kazan. That time Erzia decorated churches in the various cities and villages of the Volga area and attended Kazan Art School.
In 1902–1906 he studied at Moscow School of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture, participating in the exhibitions of the School's students. In 1906-1914 he lived in Italy and France. He took part in the exhibitions in Venice and Milan in 1909, in Paris in 1912.
In 1914 he returned to Russia and in 1918 he moved to Yekaterinburg where he created his monumental works of art. In 1921 he moved to Novorossiysk, then to Batumi. Living there, he created portraits of Lenin, Marx and Engels, many cultural workers of Georgia. In 1923 he lived in Baku, where he created in monumental genre.
In 1926 the Soviet government took a decision to send Stepan Erzia abroad "to spread the knowledge of the Soviet art". He came to Paris again. Again his one-man shows were sponsored followed by positive response in the Western press.
In 1927–1950 he worked in Buenos Aires, creating portraits there of Lenin, Moses, Tolstoy, and Beethoven.
There Erzya developed a project of transforming entire mountains in the Andes into monuments to the heroes of the war for independence. The local authorities approved his plan, but failed to finance its implementation.
While in Argentina, Erzya invented a method of processing some locally grown, extra-hard types of wood: algarrobo and quebracho.
In 1950 he returned to the Soviet Union. In 1956 he was awarded with the Order of the Red Banner of Labour.
Stepan Erzya died in 1959 in Moscow and was buried in Saransk, the capital of Mordovia.
On 26 June 1958 "Erzya Mordovian Museum of Visual Arts" () was opened in Saransk. The museum has the most complete collection of Erzya works (204 works).
Major works.
"Horror", "Despair", "Courage", "A Chilean Lady", "A Parisian Lady in a Hat", "Head of a Mordvin Woman", "Lev Tolstoy", "Beethoven", "Moses" and "Christ".

</doc>
<doc id="6975447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975447" title="Philippines national cricket team">
Philippines national cricket team

The Philippines national cricket team is the men's team representing the Philippines in international cricket. It is organized by the Philippine Cricket Association (PCA) which became an affiliate member of the International Cricket Council (ICC) in 2003. The PCA has been an associate member since 2017.
The Philippines were ranked at their career high 42nd in T20Is as of 3 May 2019 in the rankings released by the International Cricket Council for Twenty20 International.
History.
In 2011, The national team made their Twenty20 debut when they competed at the East Asia-Pacific Division 2 in Samoa, winning over Indonesia, the Cook Islands, Tonga and South Korea before conceding defeat to the host nation in the final. The tournament was the Philippines' first International Cricket Council (ICC)-sanctioned match. The tournament was part of a qualifying pyramid for the 2012 ICC World Twenty20 in Sri Lanka.
The Philippines then played at the 2014 ICC East Asia-Pacific Men's Championship in New South Wales, Australia and finished fifth among eight national teams. Indian expatriate, Awais Mohd became the first Philippine national team member to score a half-century in an ICC-sanctioned match while playing for the country in the EAP tournament.
At the 2017 ICC World Cricket League East Asia-Pacific Region Qualifiers, the Philippines finished fourth out of six nations, failing to qualify for Division Five.
The national team decided not to participate at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games as it sought more Filipino players, sponsors and government support but planned to participate in the 2019 edition.
2018–present.
They tried to attempt to qualify for the 2020 ICC World Twenty20 tournament in Australia with the Philippines as one of the co-hosts of the East Asia-Pacific Qualifier. They advanced to the Regional Finals in Papua New Guinea after finishing first among four participating teams at the qualifiers hosted at the cricket ground of the Emilio Aguinaldo College in December 2018 in Dasmariñas, Cavite.
In April 2018, the ICC decided to grant full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between the Philippines and other ICC members since 1 January 2019 have been full T20Is.
Philippines made its Twenty20 International debut on 22 March 2019, losing to Papua New Guinea by 133 runs in the 2018–19 ICC T20 World Cup East Asia-Pacific Qualifier at Amini Park, Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea The team would become inactive for three years due to the COVID-19 pandemic before featuring in the 2022 ICC Men's T20 World Cup qualifiers.
Home ground.
The Philippine national team had the Manila Nomads Sports Club grounds in Parañaque as its home venue. When the Nomads' grounds closed, the national team moved its home to the cricket grounds of the Emilio Aguinaldo College in Dasmariñas, Cavite, the sole cricket venue in the country as of 2017.
Players.
Philippines squad for 2022–23 ICC Men's T20 World Cup East Asia-Pacific Qualifier held at Papua New Guinea from 22 to 29 July 2023.
Records and statistics.
International Match Summary — Philippines
"Last updated 13 July 2025"
Twenty20 International.
Most T20I runs for Philippines
Most T20I wickets for Philippines
T20I record versus other nations
"Records complete to T20I #3310. Last updated 13 July 2025."
Other records.
For a list of selected international matches played by Philippines, see Cricket Archive.

</doc>
<doc id="6975461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975461" title="I Pity the Fool (TV series)">
I Pity the Fool (TV series)

I Pity the Fool is a 2006 American reality television series starring Mr. T, originally airing on TV Land.
Premise.
The series features Mr. T traveling from town to town giving advice, solving problems and teaching individuals some basic life rules. He mainly gives advice about playing fair and maintaining a good team spirit. The name of the show comes from Mr. T's catch phrase from "Rocky III" where he played the character James "Clubber" Lang. The show only lasted for six episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="6975463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975463" title="Stefan Wittwer">
Stefan Wittwer

Stefan Wittwer (born 26 March 1971) is a Swiss nordic combined skier who competed in 1995 and 1996. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 5 km team event at the 1995 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Thunder Bay, Ontario.
Wittwer's best individual finish was 2nd in the 15 km individual in Oberhof, Germany in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="6975475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975475" title="John Custis">
John Custis

Colonel John Custis IV (August 1678 – November 22, 1749) was an American planter, politician, government official and military officer who sat in the House of Burgesses from 1705 to 1706 and 1718 to 1719, representing Northampton County, Virginia and the College of William &amp; Mary. A prominent member of the Custis family of Virginia, he utilized his extensive landholdings to support a career in horticulture and gardening.
Born in 1678 into a slaveholding family who resided in Northampton County, Virginia, Custis was sent to London at a young age to study the tobacco trade under Micajah Perry. He returned to his grandfather's plantation at Arlington in 1699 to familiarize himself in the management of slaves. In 1705, he was elected to the Virginia General Assembly, sitting there for a year. Custis married Frances Parke, the eldest daughter of Daniel Parke, in 1706.
In 1714, his father John died, passing control of the family estates to Custis, which included two plantations and numerous slaves. His wife died two years later, and in 1717, Custis moved to Williamsburg, Virginia. There, he revived his interest in political affairs and was again elected to the general assembly for another year. In 1727, Custis was appointed to serve on the Governor's Council of Virginia, having established himself in Williamsburg.
Custis purchased the White House plantation in 1735, arranging for his son and heir Daniel to manage it. Over the last decades of his life, Custis grew increasingly ill, and was removed from his position on the Governor's Council in August 1749. On November 14, 1749, he wrote his will and testament, dying eight days later on November 22. Custis' body was buried in the family cemetery near Cheapside, and his estate passed over to Daniel's control.
Early life.
John Custis was born in August 1678 at the Arlington plantation in Northampton County, Virginia. Custis' father was John Custis III (also known as John Custis of Wilsonia), a prominent planter and member of the Custis family of Virginia who sat on the Governor's Council. His mother was Margaret Michael Custis, who went on to have six more children after 1678. She died while giving birth to her second daughter from complications during childbirth.
As the firstborn son, his parents arranged for Custis to receive an education from private tutors. His grandfather, John Custis II, eventually sent him to study under tobacco merchant and politician Micajah Perry in England. After returning to Virginia, once Custis reached the legal age of 21 in 1699, he was sent to his grandfather's slave plantation in Arlington to study the Virginian tobacco trade and how to manage the enslaved population there.
In 1705, Custis was elected to the House of Burgesses, the lower house of the General Assembly of Virginia, representing Northampton County. Unlike his father, Custis only served a single term in the House of Burgesses, choosing not to run for re-election in 1706. On May 4, 1706, he married heiress Frances Parke, who was the eldest daughter of Daniel Parke. Custis was appointed as a justice of the peace in the same year. He was the father of Daniel Parke Custis who married Martha Dandridge whose second marriage to George Washington would make her the first first lady of the United States. He was the grandfather of George Washington Parke Custis who would name his mansion and estate Arlington House as a memorial to George Washington, Eleanor Parke Custis Lewis, and two other children of Daniel and Martha Custis.He would never know them because he died before his son Daniel Parke Custis married Martha Dandridge.
Political career.
Despite living in the same house with his wife from their marriage onwards, the relationship between Custis and Frances soon became strained to the point where both refused to speak with each other, instead communicating through their enslaved servants, including a manservant named Pompey. According to their great-grandson, the antiquarian George Washington Parke Custis, their marriage was one where "the connubial bliss was short."
On January 26, 1714, Custis' father died, and the family estate passed into his control. This included of land (consisting of Arlington and another plantation located in Northumberland County) and 30 slaves. On March 14, 1715, Frances died from smallpox at Arlington. Two years later in 1717, Custis relocated from his plantation to the city of Williamsburg, the capital of Virginia which hosted the General Assembly.
There, Custis revived his interest in politics, once again standing for election to the House of Burgesses. He ran for the seat of the College of William &amp; Mary, which had been established in 1693 and subsequently granted a seat in the house. Voters affiliated with the college elected him to the House of Burgesses, where Custis continued to sit until 1718. During this period, his plantation at Arlington burned down, and Custis eventually decided against rebuilding the property, due to the fact that growing and selling tobacco was becoming less profitable.
Not wishing to reside at his father's Northumberland County plantation, Custis instead settled down in Williamsburg, living there for the rest of his life. In the city, he ordered the construction of an elaborate colonial mansion called the Six Chimney House, where Custis was attended to by numerous enslaved servants. Next to the house, Custis arranged for a large garden to be planted, reflecting an emerging interest in horticulture that saw him correspond with American and English naturalists such as John Bartram, Mark Catesby, and Peter Collinson.
Custis was appointed to serve on the Governor's Council on September 11, 1727. Eight years later, he purchased the White House, a plantation situated along the Pamunkey River in New Kent County from fellow planter John Lightfoot III and inherited the plantation's slaves. Custis then sent his son Daniel, who was twenty-five years old by that point, to manage the White House and learn how to oversee the daily operations of a slave plantation. During this time, Custis was recorded as having been commissioned into the Virginia Militia, holding the rank of colonel by 1735.
Later life and death.
As Custis grew older he started to experience several issues with his health, which led him to correspond with his contacts in the horticultural sphere and seek curative advice. In 1742, Collinson wrote him a letter with a list of suggested medical treatments, which Custis responded to by writing that it was "impossible... to take a case... without seeing the patient". Custis continued to expand his garden at Williamsburg during this period, planting several fir and pine trees.
In 1744, Custis issued a petition to the governor of Virginia, Sir William Gooch and the Governor's Council, successfully asking that they manumit an enslaved child who Custis fathered and thought should be free. As noted by Henry Wiencek, the petition was incredibly unusual in Virginia, particularly coming from a wealthy planter such as Custis. The petition stated in part that the child was "Christened John but commonly called Jack, born of... his Negro wench, Alice."
At the age of 37, Daniel met 16-year-old Martha Dandridge at St. Peter's Church in New Kent, Virginia, in New Kent County, Virginia, near Talleysville, Virginia, where he served as a vestryman and she attended services regularly. The pair soon formed a romantic relationship; Custis initially opposed Daniel being together with Martha due to her family's relatively poor financial status, though he ultimately relented. The couple eventually married on May 15, 1750, after a prolonged courtship which lasted roughly two years.
Over the last decades of his life, Custis grew increasingly sick, to the point where he was removed from the Governor's Council on August 26, 1749, after being too impaired to serve his duties properly. He also started to write his last will and testament, completing it by November 14, 1749, and dying on November 22 in Williamsburg. Custis' body was, per his own last will, buried near Cheapside, Virginia, in the Custis Tombs, the familial cemetery of the Arlington plantation.
As he was the sole legitimate heir, Custis willed that his plantations would pass into Daniel's possession; this included the White House, where he and Martha moved to after their marriage. Custis also instructed Daniel to arrange for the following phrase to be inscribed on his gravestone: "Yet lived but Seven years which was the Space of time he kept a Batchelors House at Arlington on the Eastern Shoar of Virginia." George Washington Parke Custis claimed that the inscription was meant to "perpetuate [the] infelicity" of his troubled marriage.
Personal life, family and legacy.
Over the course of his marriage, "held together less by love than land and inheritance", Custis had four children with Frances. Two of his sons died young, while a daughter, Frances, married but died childless before November 1749 without producing any children of her own; Daniel was their sole son to reach adulthood. Both of Custis' children who died young were buried at the Custis Tombs. When Daniel died on July 8, 1757, at New Kent County (most likely due to a sudden heart attack), he was buried in the parish graveyard of the Bruton Parish Church in Williamsburg.
Though Custis married his wife in part due to her wealth, the extensive debts that her father accrued during his lifetime were transferred to his daughter after he was lynched by a mob in Antigua on December 7, 1710. These debts proved to be larger than Parke's estate, forcing Custis and Daniel to spend large amounts of effort contesting them. Custis later wrote that he considered his pre-marital life at Arlington to be the happiest years of his life, and Custis' "prickly personality and frigid marriage" with Frances would "[generate] gossip that came down through the centuries".
In addition to his horticultural activities, Custis also eventually cultivated an interest in art collecting. In 1723, he wrote a letter to his friend William Byrd II, who was on a visit to London at the time, requesting that he acquire "two pieces of as good painting as you can procure", which Custis intended on placing "in the Summer before my chimneys to hide the fireplace." Two years later in 1725, Custis commissioned English painter Charles Bridges to paint a portrait of him, which as of 2008 resides in an art collection in the Washington and Lee University in Lexington, Virginia.
After inheriting his plantations, Daniel quietly settled down in Virginia as a member of the colonial plantocracy. Together with Martha, he had four children, though only two survived past childhood, a son named John and a daughter named Martha. The shock of losing two of his children was speculated by George Washington Parke Custis to have contributed to Daniel's early death in 1757 at the age of forty-five. Martha married George Washington, a prominent planter and soldier who would go on to lead the Continental Army in the American Revolutionary War.

</doc>
<doc id="6975487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975487" title="Back of the Y">
Back of the Y



</doc>
<doc id="6975490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975490" title="Georgia State Route 333">
Georgia State Route 333

State Route 333 (SR 333) is a south-to-north state highway located entirely within Brooks County in the south-central part of the U.S. state of Georgia. It connects the Florida state line, where the roadway continues as Florida State Road 53, with New Rock Hill, where it intersects SR 133, via Quitman.
Route description.
SR 333 begins at the Florida state line southeast of Quitman, where the roadway continues as Florida State Road 53. The route travels northwest, through Nankin and by Fearnside Lake, to Quitman. There, it has an intersection with US 221/SR 76 (Greenville Highway) in the southern part of the city. The three routes form a concurrency into downtown Quitman, where they intersect US 84/SR 38 (Screven Street). All five highways travel to the east-southeast for three blocks. At Washington Street, SR 76/SR 333 turn left off of the concurrency and travel into the northern part of the city, where SR 76 departs to the east onto Courtland Avenue. Then, SR 333 continues to the north-northwest, passing by Brooks County High School and Crevasse Pond. It then intersects SR 122 in New Rock Hill. Just north of that intersection, it meets its northern terminus, an intersection with SR 133.
SR 333 is not part of the National Highway System, a system of roadways important to the nation's economy, defense, and mobility.
History.
The roadway that would eventually become SR 333 was established at least as far back as 1919 as part of SR 35 along SR 333's current path. By the end of 1921, SR 35 between Quitman and SR 333's northern terminus was rerouted to a more southern path. The other one was decommissioned. By the end of 1926, all of SR 35 from the Florida state line to Quitman, and the segment of SR 35 from Quitman to SR 333's northern terminus, were redesignated as part of SR 33. Also, the segment of SR 33 from Quitman to Pebble Hill was paved. By the beginning of 1932, all of the Florida–Quitman segment, and a little segment north of Quitman, were paved. Also, SR 76 traveled concurrently with SR 33 from Quitman to the north end of this paved section. In April of that year, all of SR 33 that would become SR 333 was paved. In early 1941, SR 76 was rerouted to the east in Quitman, along SR 38. By the end of 1946, either SR 33 or SR 76 was rerouted in Quitman, so that they once again traveled concurrently through the city. By the middle of 1957, US 221 was designated through Quitman, as it travels today. In 1993, all of SR 33 from the Florida state line to north of New Rock Hill was redesignated as SR 333.

</doc>
<doc id="6975499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975499" title="Mohammad bin Saud">
Mohammad bin Saud



</doc>
<doc id="6975500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975500" title="Willy Hall">
Willy Hall



</doc>
<doc id="6975508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975508" title="RANC">
RANC



</doc>
<doc id="6975511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975511" title="Hump-back bridge">
Hump-back bridge



</doc>
<doc id="6975521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975521" title="Mohammad bin Abdulwahab">
Mohammad bin Abdulwahab



</doc>
<doc id="6975523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975523" title="House of keys">
House of keys



</doc>
<doc id="6975526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975526" title="United States Arbitration Act of 1925">
United States Arbitration Act of 1925



</doc>
<doc id="6975529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975529" title="Neil Eardley">
Neil Eardley



</doc>
<doc id="6975530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975530" title="Stoertebeker">
Stoertebeker



</doc>
<doc id="6975531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975531" title="Markus Wüst">
Markus Wüst

Markus Wüst (born 26 December 1971) is a former Swiss nordic combined skier who competed from 1990 to 1995. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 5 km team event at the 1995 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Thunder Bay, Ontario.
Wüst's earned two individual career victories, both in the 15 km event in 1993 and 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="6975538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975538" title="Eikenella corrodens">
Eikenella corrodens

Eikenella corrodens is a Gram-negative facultative anaerobic bacillus that can cause severe invasive disease in humans. It was first identified by M. Eiken in 1958, who called it "Bacteroides corrodens". "E. corrodens" is a rare pericarditis associated pathogen. It is a fastidious, slow growing, human commensal bacillus, capable of acting as an opportunistic pathogen and causing abscesses in several anatomical sites, including the liver, lung, spleen, and submandibular region. "E. corrodens" could independently cause serious infection in both immunocompetent and immunocompromised hosts.
Microbiology.
"Eikenella corrodens" is a pleomorphic bacillus that sometimes appears coccobacillary and typically creates a depression (or "pit") in the agar on which it is growing. Only half produce the pitting of the agar considered characteristic. It is a slow-growing, facultative anaerobe and a gram-negative bacillus.
It grows in aerobic and anaerobic conditions, but requires an atmosphere enhanced by 3–10% carbon dioxide.
The colonies are small and greyish, they produce a greenish discoloration of the underlying agar, and smell faintly of bleach (hypochlorite).
They are oxidase-positive, catalase-negative, urease-negative, and indole-negative, and reduce nitrate to nitrite.
In 2006, Azakami "et al" reported that the periodontal pathogen "E. corrodens" has an ortholog of "luxS", the gene required for quorum sensing (QS) signal molecule AI-2 synthesis and that "E. corrodens" can produce AI-2 signals for cell-to-cell communication. They additionally reported that AI-2 has a role in biofilm formation by "E. corrodens". Karim "et al" reported that this bacterium can produce AI-2 inactivation enzyme during its stationary phase. Karim "et al" also reported that "LuxS"-mediated QS may facilitate the maturation and detachment of biofilm formation in "E. corrodens", which can lead to progression of periodontal disease.
Medical importance.
A member of the human microbiome, "Eikenella corrodens" is a commensal bacterial species found in the mouth and upper respiratory tract. It is an unusual cause of infection and when it is cultured, it is most usually found mixed with other organisms. Infections most commonly occur in patients with cancers of the head and neck, but can occur in human bite infections, especially "reverse bite", "fight bite", or "clenched fist injuries". It can also cause infections in insulin-dependent diabetics and intravenous drug users who lick their needles ("needle-licker's osteomyelitis"). It is one of the HACEK group of infections which are a cause of culture-negative endocarditis. In general, the HACEK organisms are responsible for approximately 3% of all cases of infective endocarditis (IE). IE due to "E. corrodens" is usually a result of poor oral hygiene and or periodontal infection. Manipulation of the gingival or oral mucosa for dental procedures also can predispose patients to infection since "E. corrodens" is a constituent of the human oral flora. "E. corrodens" can coexists and is frequently detected with other pathogens including "Staphylococcus" and "Streptococcus".
"Eikenella corrodens" infections are typically indolent (the infection does not become clinically evident until a week or more after the injury). They also mimic anaerobic infection in being extremely foul-smelling.
"Eikenella corrodens" was mentioned in an episode of "Forensic Files", in which a hotel employee punched a woman in the mouth, knocking out two of her teeth. Her tooth bacteria caused a major infection in the man's hand.
Treatment.
For accurate diagnoses, a high degree of suspicion is required in order to properly attribute an infection to "Eikenella corrodens." The identification of "E. corrodens" may be delayed because of its slow growth in the absence of . "E. corrodens" can be treated with penicillins, cephalosporins, or tetracyclines, however due to the resistant nature of the bacteria ongoing and recurring symptoms can be expected despite rigorous and prolonged antibiotic treatment. Submandibular and peritonsillar abscesses caused by "E. corrodens" can be treated by incision and drainage. Earlier diagnosis and proper drainage surgery with effective antibiotics treatment may improve the prognosis. First-choice drugs for "E. corrodens" infections should be third-generation cephems, carbapenems, or new quinolones. It is innately resistant to macrolides (e.g., erythromycin), clindamycin, and metronidazole. It is susceptible to fluoroquinolones (e.g., ciprofloxacin) "in vitro", but no clinical evidence is available to advocate their use in these infections.

</doc>
<doc id="6975543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975543" title="List of Oil Trading Nations">
List of Oil Trading Nations



</doc>
<doc id="6975545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975545" title="1972 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season">
1972 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season

The 1972 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season was the 24th F.I.M. Road Racing World Championship Grand Prix season. The season consisted of twelve Grand Prix races in six classes: 500cc, 350cc, 250cc, 125cc, 50cc and Sidecars 500cc. It began on 30 April, with West German Grand Prix and ended with Spanish Grand Prix on 23 September.
Season summary.
Another year, another championship for Giacomo Agostini, claiming a record 11 victories to take his seventh consecutive 500cc crown for MV Agusta. Things were tighter in the 350cc class with Jarno Saarinen giving Agostini a strong challenge by winning three races, including a victory at the German Grand Prix held at the daunting Nürburgring race track, where Saarinen defeated Agostini for the first time in a head-to-head race. Saarinen also scored a double victory at the Czechoslovak Grand Prix with victories in both the 250cc and 350cc classes. The threat from Saarinen's two stroke Yamaha was so strong that the previously dominant MV Agusta factory was forced to produce a new 350cc motorcycle for Agostini.
In the 250cc division, Saarinen would win a tight race in a season-long battle with Renzo Pasolini and Rod Gould. Angel Nieto claimed a double, winning the 125cc and 50cc championships for Derbi before the Spanish factory announced its pull out from Grand Prix racing. The Yamaha factory won its first-ever 500cc Grand Prix race at the season ending Spanish Grand Prix at Jarama when Chas Mortimer won the race after Agostini sat out the event after already winning the championship,
This would be the final season for the East German Grand Prix as a championship race, as SED officials, troubled by fans singing "Das Lied der Deutschen" (the West German national anthem) after Dieter Braun's victory the previous season, limited entries to only Eastern Bloc nations beginning in 1973.
1972 Grand Prix season calendar.
Scoring system.
Points were awarded to the top ten finishers in each race. Only the best of five races were counted on 50cc and Sidecars championships, while in the 125cc, 250cc, 350cc and 500cc championships, the best of seven races were counted.

</doc>
<doc id="6975552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975552" title="Waziristan conflict">
Waziristan conflict



</doc>
<doc id="6975553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975553" title="Hyper Realism">
Hyper Realism



</doc>
<doc id="6975574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975574" title="Manny Puig">
Manny Puig

Manny Puig (born ) is a Cuban-born American wildlife entertainer, who is known for his encounters with dangerous animals. Such as sharks, black bears and American alligators. He has made frequent appearances on the television shows "Jackass" and "Wildboyz," and also on the Animal Planet show Gator Boys. He is also known for hosting Outdoor Channel's "Savage Wild".
Puig has appeared in numerous documentaries as an animal expert. He has also appeared on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" and on Shark Week.
Early life.
Puig was born in Cuba. He immigrated to Florida with his mother, where he became interested in wildlife at an early age, traveling in the Everglades with minimal supplies, hunting deer and catching small alligators.
Career.
In the late 1990s, Puig worked with Mehgan Heaney-Grier and Mark Rackley, both in training Grier as a free diver and in filming underwater encounters with animals such as alligators and sharks. Rackley worked as a spear fisherman and underwater videographer. Puig has experience as an animal handler on movie sets and learned how to ride and handle alligators in their environment. The trio formed a company called "Extreme Encounters", and the footage they produced led to the Animal Planet series titled "Extreme Contact". The 20-episode series featured the trio in cage-free encounters with sharks, alligators and other aquatic wildlife.
Puig approaches wildlife by omitting the use of safety gear such as cages, protective clothing and diving apparatus. His interests also include history, art and geography documentaries. He spends his free time working on sculpting, hand-crafting medieval weapons and hunting tools.
Puig has appeared on the television program "Jackass", in "", "Jackass Number Two", "Jackass 2.5", "Jackass 3D", and "Jackass 3.5". In these projects, he is credited as an expert on predatory animals. One of Puig's stunts is featured in the second film, where he dives with Steve-O around hammerhead and other dangerous sharks. Steve-O recalled the segment in his autobiography: The following day, Chris Pontius and I were scheduled to swim with great hammerhead sharks, accompanied by Manny...with the butt piercing wound still fresh, swimming with sharks might not have been very smart, but Manny wasn't worried about it...In retrospect, the fact that Manny was the arbiter of what was safe and reasonable is hilarious. He hatched and okayed plenty of ideas that were clearly not okay. So you knew if he said no to something, that meant "FUCK NO!" As it happened, Manny had no problem sending us swimming with great hammerheads.Puig is also featured on the MTV program "Wildboyz", where he resumes the role of a predatory-animal expert. Some of Puig's activities on "Wildboyz" include having a snapping turtle lock onto his hand. According to Chris Pontius in the special features of one of the "Wildboyz" DVDs, he heard Puig scream for the first time in his life when he was bitten by a snapping turtle.
After finishing the second "Jackass" movie and with the final season of "Wildboyz" having completed, Puig produced his own film entitled "Ultimate Predator". The film shows him interacting particularly with sharks. The film also features adventures with Johnny Knoxville, Steve-O, Chris Pontius. and Jeff Tremaine. Towards the end of filming Puig left the set due to a confrontation with fellow wildlife expert David Weathers.
During Discovery Channel's "Shark Week" in 2003, Puig was profiled for an episode entitled "Diary of a Shark Man".
Puig was featured on the Outdoor Channel show called "Savage Wild". The episodes of "Savage Wild" take place in the Everglades and surrounding environs near Miami, Florida and range from Puig hunting a wild boar with only a rudimentary spear, carefully maneuvering through the water with a monster alligator, or handling highly venomous wild snakes, such as water moccasins, in their natural environment.
Puig's left middle finger was amputated after a rattlesnake bite.

</doc>
<doc id="6975576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975576" title="Less is Morrison">
Less is Morrison



</doc>
<doc id="6975577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975577" title="FDA safe harbor">
FDA safe harbor



</doc>
<doc id="6975584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975584" title="Xanthisma texanum">
Xanthisma texanum

Xanthisma texanum (common names the Texas sleepydaisy, star-of-Texas, and Drummond's sleepy-daisy) is an ornamental plant native to the United States. This plant is usually propagated by seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="6975588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975588" title="Centauridium drummondii">
Centauridium drummondii



</doc>
<doc id="6975594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975594" title="Guédelon">
Guédelon



</doc>
<doc id="6975597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975597" title="Merck KGaA v Integra Lifescience Ltd">
Merck KGaA v Integra Lifescience Ltd



</doc>
<doc id="6975599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975599" title="David Biespiel">
David Biespiel

David Biespiel (born 1964) is an American poet, critic, memoirist, and novelist. He was born and raised in the Meyerland section of Houston, Texas. He is the founder of the Attic Institute of Arts and Letters in Portland, Oregon and Poet-in-Residence at Oregon State University. 
Biography.
The youngest of three sons, David Biespiel—pronounced "buy-speel"—attended Beth Yeshurun, the oldest Jewish school in Houston. Reared in a family that valued athletic excellence (one brother was a member of the United States Gymnastics team), he competed in the U.S. Diving Championships against Olympians Greg Louganis and Bruce Kimball, and later coached and developed regional and national champions and finalists in diving. In 1982 he moved to Boston on a diving scholarship at Boston University. In 1989 he moved to Washington, D.C., where he studied with Stanley Plumly at the University of Maryland, as well as with Michael Collier and Phillis Levin. He later held a Stegner Fellowship in Poetry Stanford University. 
Career.
Biespiel began publishing poems and essays in 1986 after moving to remote Brownsville, Vermont. From 1988 to 1993 he lived and wrote in Washington, D.C., and from 1993 to 1995 in San Francisco. He has lived in Portland, Oregon since 1995.
He is a contributor to "American Poetry Review", "The New Republic", "The New Yorker", "Poetry", and "Slate", and among other literary journals. He also has reviewed poetry for nearly fifteen years in journals and newspapers, including in "Bookforum", "The Washington Post", and "The New York Times". In 2003 he was appointed the poetry columnist for "The Oregonian", writing a monthly column until its end in September 2013. In 2015 he began a series of reviews for "American Poetry Review".
In 1999, he founded the Attic Institute of Arts and Letters, an independent literary studio. Faculty and Teaching Fellows at the Attic Institute have included: Marc Acito, Matthew Dickman, Jennifer Lauck, Elizabeth Rusch, Kim Stafford, and Cheryl Strayed, among others.
In 2005 he was named editor of Poetry Northwest — one of the nation's oldest magazines devoted exclusively to poetry. Appointed by the University of Washington, Biespiel moved the magazine's offices to Portland. He served as editor until 2010.
During 2008–2012 Biespiel was a regular contributor to The Politico's Arena, a cross-party, cross-discipline daily conversation about politics and policy among current and former members of Congress, governors, mayors, political strategists and scholars.
In 2009 he helped formed the trio Incorporamento. The artistic group includes Oregon Ballet Theater principal dancer Gavin Larsen and musician Joshua Pearl. 
In 2009 he was elected by the membership of the National Book Critics Circle to the Board of Directors and served as a judge for the annual NBCC book awards. He was reelected in 2012 for a second term. During 2012–2014 he was chair of its award committee on Poetry. In 2018 he was named a finalist for the Nona Balakian Citation for Excellence in Reviewing.
In 2010, Biespiel sparked a national debate about the relationship between poets and democracy with the publication of his essay, "This Land Is Our Land", in "Poetry".
In 2012 he began writing Poetry Wire for the Rumpus Magazine, focusing on topics such as poetry, politics, and cultural issues. 
He has taught creative writing and literature throughout the United States, including at George Washington University, University of Maryland, Stanford University, Portland State University, Lynchburg College, and Wake Forest University. He currently teaches at Oregon State University where he is the university's Poet-in-Residence.
In 2017 David Biespiel and wife Wendy Willis appeared for dual interviews and readings on Oregon Public Broadcasting's "State of Wonder".
Publications.
Recording.
"Citizen Dave: Selected Poems 1996–2010"

</doc>
<doc id="6975600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975600" title="Hojo Tokiyuki">
Hojo Tokiyuki



</doc>
<doc id="6975605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975605" title="Chomsky–Schützenberger hierarchy">
Chomsky–Schützenberger hierarchy



</doc>
<doc id="6975609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975609" title="Reverse bite">
Reverse bite



</doc>
<doc id="6975610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975610" title="Centauridium drummondi">
Centauridium drummondi



</doc>
<doc id="6975611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975611" title="Morini (manufacturer)">
Morini (manufacturer)

Morini Competition Arm S.A. is a Swiss manufacturer of target pistols aimed at ISSF shooting events as governed by the International Shooting Sport Federation (ISSF, formerly UIT) and competed in at the Olympics.
The company was formed in 1973 in Italy as a maker of anatomical grips for target pistols and still supply these grips to many other companies in addition to producing competition arms themselves.
During the following years, complying with laws and regulations governing guns become more and more complicated in Italy, and in 1985 the company decided to move to Lamone, Canton Ticino, the Italian speaking region of Switzerland.
In 1990 the company moved to Bedano, its current headquarters, which is another small village of the Italian speaking region of Switzerland.
Currently their CM 162 EI air pistol and CM 84E free pistol are amongst the most popular choices, for 10 m Air Pistol and 50 m Pistol respectively, amongst top international competitors. These pistols are most notable for an electronic trigger mechanism.
Models.
All model are prefixed "CM" for Cesare Morini, the founder of the company.
CM 84E.
This pistol was designed .22 Long Rifle calibre used in 50 m Pistol event that used to be called "Free Pistol" and these pistols are still referred to as "free pistols". It features an electronic trigger.
It was used to win the gold (by Mikhail Nestruev) at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, (by Jin Jong-oh at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, and at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom.
It was also used to win the 1994 World Championship (by Wang Yifu) in Milan, Italy, both the 2002 and 2006 World Championships (by Tan Zongliang in Lahti, Finland and Zagreb, Croatia respectively, and then the 2010 World Championship (by Tomoyuki Matsuda) in Munich, Germany. Now (by Jin Jong-oh) of Korea in the 2016 Rio Olympics.
The pistol also racked up numerous World Cup victories since 1994.
CM 162.
This is 4.5 mm (.177 in) calibre pre-charged pneumatic (PCP) air pistol used in 10 m Air Pistol event. It was the first pre-charged pistol to use compressed air rather than CO2 as a propellant. The air cylinder is positioned directly under the barrel and is normally filled with a SCUBA tank or a high-pressure hand pump to a pressure of approximately 200 bar (2900 psi). It is available in several variants, most notable one with an electronic trigger. The CM 162 EI version of this pistol is being used by many famous leading shooters worldwide, including Malaika Goel (The Commonwealth Games 2014 10 m Air Pistol event Silver Medallist), and many others. This pistol is the preference of many leading shooting coaches because of its tolerance for small mistakes by entry-level shooters.
Variants:
CM 22M.
This .22 Long Rifle calibre "standard pistol" is used in 25 m Standard Pistol and 25 m Pistol. It is also available in a lighter version using more aluminium parts called the CM 22M ALU.
CM 32M.
This is a .32 S&amp;W in calibre "sport pistol" used in the 25 m Center-Fire Pistol event.

</doc>
<doc id="6975617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975617" title="Błażowa">
Błażowa

Błażowa ( "Blazhov") is a town in Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, Poland, seat of Gmina Błażowa, with a population of 2,149 as of December 2021.
History.
The area was included in the emerging Polish state by its first historic ruler Mieszko I in the 10th century. In 981 it was annexed from Poland by the Kievan Rus', and afterwards, in the High Middle Ages, it changed owners several times between Poland and the Rus', and even fell to the Mongol Empire in the mid-13th century, before it was reintegrated with Poland by King Casimir III the Great in 1340.
Błażowa remained a village located in Sanok Land. The local Catholic parish was established in 1432. In 1624 the whole area was raided by the Crimean Tatars and another devastating Tatar raid took place in 1672. In 1655–56, during the Swedish invasion of Poland, Błażowa was burned down by Swedish and then Transylvanian-Cossack soldiers. Further destruction was brought by the Great Northern War. It is not known when exactly Błażowa received town charter, probably some time between 1770 and 1776.
In 1772, after the First Partition of Poland, the whole Sanok Land was annexed by the Habsburg Empire, and became part of Austrian Galicia in which it remained until late 1918. The Bluzhev Hasidic dynasty was founded in Błażowa in the 1880s. In the late 19th century, residents mainly made a living from farming, weaving and cloth making, and there was also a brewery, distillery and water-powered sawmill.
In May 1907 a fire broke out in the village which over many hours destroyed its wooden buildings. After this disaster the village was rebuilt in a more modern style, new space was recovered in the centre and a new school built. A neo-Gothic church in honour of St Nicholas Martin was built and two new synagogues. In 1909, Błażowa received regular bus connection with Rzeszów, and in 1910, a monument of King Władysław Jagiełło was unveiled, on the 400th anniversary of the Battle of Grunwald.
In the Second Polish Republic (1918–1939), Błażowa belonged to the Lwów Voivodeship. According to the 1921 census, it had a population of 5,123, 83.8% Polish and 16.2% Jewish. It was one of centers of the 1937 peasant strike in Poland.
During World War II the village was occupied by Germany from 1939 to 1944. The Home Army was active in the area of Błażowa. On 26 June 1941 the Jews of Błażowa, numbering about 930, were forcibly moved to a ghetto in Rzeszów. They joined Jews from nearby villages and shared their fate. Some were shot on the streets of Rzeszów, others deported to forced labour camps or shot in Głogów Forest or transported Belzec extermination camp (between 7 and 18 July 1942) where they were gassed on arrival.

</doc>
<doc id="6975619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975619" title="Starless">
Starless

"Starless" is a composition by English progressive rock band King Crimson. It is the final track on their seventh studio album, "Red", released on 6 October 1974.
Background.
The original chords and melody for "Starless" were written by King Crimson bassist John Wetton, who had intended for the song to be the title track of "Starless and Bible Black". Guitarist Robert Fripp and drummer Bill Bruford initially disliked the song and declined to record it for that album, and chose an instrumental improvisation as the title track.
However, the song was revived during subsequent tours between March and May 1974, with its lyrics altered and a long instrumental section added, based on a bass riff written by Bruford. For the "Red" recording sessions, the lyrics were again altered by lyricist Richard Palmer-James, and the introductory theme originally played by violinist David Cross, who had since left the band, was instead played by Fripp with some alterations. As the title "Starless and Bible Black" had already been used, the original title was shortened to "Starless".
Composition.
The piece is 12 minutes and 18 seconds in length, the longest on "Red". It starts with mellotron strings, electric guitar, bass, and a saxophone. These introduce a vocal segment in conventional verse-chorus structure.
The middle section of the song builds, in 13/8. Starting with John Wetton's bass, shortly after joined by Bill Bruford on percussion. Robert Fripp's guitar repeats a single note theme on two adjacent guitar strings. Bruford's drumming maintains its irregularity.
The song's final section begins with an abrupt transition to a fast, jazzy saxophone solo with distorted guitars and bass, expressive tribal drumming, and the tempo doubling up to a time signature of 13/16. Variations of the middle section's bassline are played under Fripp's layered and overdriven guitar parts. The saxophone returns to play a reprise of the vocal melody, then the final section is repeated with more overdubs from Fripp. Finally, the song ends with a reprise of the opening melody, removing the guitar in favour of a deeper bass.
Personnel.
with:
Cover versions.
Artists who have covered "Starless" include Neal Morse, Mike Portnoy, and Randy George (under the name Morse/Portnoy/George); Craig Armstrong, on his album "As If to Nothing" as "Starless II"; Banco de Gaia, on their album "Memories Dreams Reflections"; The Unthanks, on their 2011 album "Last"; the Crimson Jazz Trio, on their album "King Crimson Songbook Volume One" (2005).
The song has been covered live by Asia, a supergroup of which John Wetton was a founding member; 21st Century Schizoid Band, a group made up of former and future members of King Crimson; After Crying, a Hungarian symphonic rock band, with guest vocals by Wetton; U.K., one of whose members was Wetton; and District 97 with Wetton.
FM performed a live version of "Starless" in 1977 which was released on the compilation "Lost in Space" in 2001.
In other media.
The first part of "Starless" is used in the opening of the 2018 film "Mandy".

</doc>
<doc id="6975623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975623" title="Bluzhov">
Bluzhov



</doc>
<doc id="6975625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975625" title="Sleepy Daisy">
Sleepy Daisy



</doc>
<doc id="6975626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975626" title="Psychology of Addictive Behaviors">
Psychology of Addictive Behaviors

Psychology of Addictive Behaviors is a peer-reviewed academic journal of the American Psychological Association that publishes original articles related to the psychological aspects of addictive behaviors 8 times a year. The current editor-in-chief is Katie Witkiewitz (University of New Mexico).
The journal has implemented the Transparency and Openness Promotion (TOP) Guidelines. The TOP Guidelines provide structure to research planning and reporting and aim to make research more transparent, accessible, and reproducible. 
The journal includes articles on the following topics:
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed by MEDLINE/PubMed and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2020 impact factor of 3.288. 

</doc>
<doc id="6975627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975627" title="Eclipse Award for Outstanding Three-Year-Old Male Horse">
Eclipse Award for Outstanding Three-Year-Old Male Horse



</doc>
<doc id="6975630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975630" title="Dún">
Dún



</doc>
<doc id="6975632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975632" title="Padanilam">
Padanilam

Padanilam is a town located in "Onattukara" region of Alappuzha district, Kerala. The word "Padanilam" means "land of battles" ("pada" means "battle" and "nilam" means "land"). It is located on the banks of river Achankovil. The Padanilam temple is one of the important centres of worship in Kerala. Nooranad is named as the Nandikesha Paithruka Gramam (Heritage village of "Nandikesha") by the Government of Kerala due to its importance in "kettukala" construction, which is an icon of Onattukara region.
The "Shivaratri" is the most important festival in Padanilam. It is the biggest "Shivaratri kettukazhcha" in Kerala and it is second only to Aluva Shivaratri in terms of crowd gathering.
Geography.
Nooranadu Padanilam is situated on the south-eastern edge of the Alappuzha district. It is bounded by Venmony Panchayath in the north, Pandalam municipality and Palamel in the east, Mavelikkara Thamarakkulam in the south and Chunakkara and Thazhakara in the west. The Achankovil river is flows westwards through the northern boundary of the village. Topographically, the village has 3 areas: small hills, slope regions and plain land. Hills include the "Pattoor malamukal" and the "koombuloor mala". The Pattoor malamukal is the highest point in the village with an altitude of 121 m above sea level. Laterite is the soil type found here. Alluvium and loam soil types can be found in the low lying areas of the village including plain lands.
Padanilam Parabrahma Temple.
The Padanilam Parabrahma Temple is one of the major temples in Kerala. The presiding deity of the temple is Lord Parabrahma. The temple is very much like the Oachira Parabrahma Temple. The temple has no compound walls and no roofs. A large number of festivals are celebrated here annually. The temple is one of the "idathaavalam" of Sabarimala Ayyappa Swami temple. There are KSRTC buses from Padanilam to Pamba during the Mandalam - Makaravilakku season. The temple has mainly 15 "karakal" (territories), who conduct the annual Sivarathri Festival. This is one of the biggest Nandikesha (ox vehicle of Lord Shiva) kettulsavams in Kerala.
History.
Early history.
The Padanilam Temple is believed to be Swayambhu. Its actual history and the facts about how worship started there are unknown. Padanilam has been the administrative centre of Nooranad and it has history of intense conflict between various "karakal" (territories) around the temple. This was for gaining control over the temple administration and thereby controlling the entire village. Due to this "pada" (battle/conflict), the place is said to have got its name. It is believed that the army troops of "Kayamkulam" Kingdom had camped near the temple for protecting the kingdom from the attack of neighbouring kings. During this period, the village had some chieftains and their supporters. They include Noorukodi Unnithans, Kadackal Kuruppans, Vettathasaans and Vettadickal Kuruppans. "Kayamkulam Raja" withdrew his troops about four centuries ago. This initiated tensions between the chieftains for control of the village. Thus they divided into south and north, starting a fierce battle. The south side consisted of Noorukodi Unnithans and Kadackal Kuruppans. The north side had Vettathasans and Vettadickal Kuruppans with them. Twenty-two "karakal" supported their respective sides. During the battle, many soldiers on both sides died in large numbers. They were buried in the "chira" near the temple. Even from very earliest of times, this temple was a blessing for the people in the surrounding areas. It is also believed that the battle was between the king Marthanda Varma on one side and the king of Kayamkulam on the other. The twenty-two karakals of Nooranad picked their respective sides. The common people started worrying about the devastation of the war and approached the Pazhoor Panamana Thampuran to find a solution to end the war. He tried to intervene but the parties were not in a position to stop. He made a tent in the eastern part of the temple and started fasting unto death. But even that did not deter the warring parties. When he was on the verge of death due to the fast, they fearing the "Brahmanasaapam", agreed to stop war. They demarcated the boundary in the north-south direction and stopped the war in the name of Parabrahma, the presiding deity of the temple. The St. Thomas Syrian Orthodox Church is about 150 meters from the Padanilam Market and Padanilam High School. It is an old church which was founded 100 years before and the founder Mr. Varu Varghese was originally from Kuravilangadu. He belongs to the family of Pakalomattom, which was said to be one among the four families which were said to be baptized by St. Thomas, the disciple of Jesus Christ in AD 52. His tomb is at the St. Thomas Orthodox Church. Two brothers of the family came to Padanilam and one is settled in Padanilam and the other in Nooranad. One of the patriarchs of the family is known as Padanilathu Ashaan (late Mr. Geevarghese Kochukunju) and the junction north to the church is known as Ashaan Mukku. The St. Thomas Orthodox Church and the Padanilam Parabrahma Temple are located in heart of Padanilam.
Administrative history.
Padanilam is located in Nooranad Grama Panchayath. The panchayath was formed on 30 December 1961. Before the formation of Alappuzha district, Nooranad was a part of Kollam district. At the time, a revenue division was formed with Nooranad as centre. It was named Nooranad subdistrict. When Alappuzha district was formed on 17 August 1957, Nooranad became a part of it.
How to reach Padanilam.
Padanilam is situated on Para (KP Road) - Edapppon-Pandalam (MC Road) road. It is about 17 km away from the town of Kayamkulam and about 10 km from the town of Pandalam. There are many private and KSRTC buses that run along this route. The buses through Padanilam ply from the private and KSRTC bus stands of Kayamkulam and Pandalam. There are buses from Pandalam, Kayamkulam, Pathanamthitta, Konni, Mavelikkara, Oachira, Karunagapally, etc., passing through Padanilam. It is situated on the Kayamkulam - Pandalam - Pathanamthitta bus route.
Politics.
Padanilam is situated in the Parliamentary and Assembly constituency of Mavelikkara. The current MP of the area is Kodikkunnil Suresh (INC) and the MLA is M.S.Arun Kumar (CPM). The LDF rules the Panchayat. There are 17 wards in the Panchayat. Communist Party of India, Communist Party of India (Marxist), Indian National Congress are major political parties in this area.
Other specialities.
The village is famous for its beautiful agricultural fields like Karingalichaal Puncha and Peruvelichal Puncha. Different varieties of birds can be found in this area. Because of this, Nooranad is known as the "Pakshigraamam" of Kerala, meaning "village of birds". The famous Sree Buddha College Of Engineering is situated in this village. A leprosy sanatorium is there in this village, which is first of its kind in Kerala and one of the largest in Asia. Currently, an Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) unit has started functioning in the sanatorium compound. One of the seventeen 220 kV substations of KSEB is located near Pattoor, the northernmost portion of the village. Interflora Worldwide Kerala Member Office is located in the town of Pandalam.

</doc>
<doc id="6975633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975633" title="Star-of-Texas">
Star-of-Texas



</doc>
<doc id="6975644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975644" title="Pentagram Design">
Pentagram Design



</doc>
<doc id="6975647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975647" title="Hojo Sadatoki">
Hojo Sadatoki



</doc>
<doc id="6975649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975649" title="Reverse bite injury">
Reverse bite injury



</doc>
<doc id="6975656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975656" title="Hyak, Washington">
Hyak, Washington

Hyak is an unincorporated community located on Snoqualmie Pass in Kittitas County, Washington. It is located within the Snoqualmie Pass CDP.
Hyak was established around 1915 at the eastern portal of the Snoqualmie Pass Milwaukee Road Railroad tunnel. Originally a train station, the community began to grow in the 1930s when the railroad built a world class ski area. Today there are approximately 200 full-time residences in Hyak and another 100 part-time.
Hyak is a Chinook Jargon word meaning "hurry", "fast", or "swift".
Geography.
Hyak is located east of the summit of Snoqulamie Pass at an elevation of . It is northwest of Easton and is part of the Easton school district.
History.
In 1915, Hyak replaced Laconia as the main train station on Snoqualmie Pass. Hyak had a small school house, and a post office. The Milwaukee road built a ski area at Hyak (from 1937 to 1950) originally known as The Snoqualmie Ski Bowl until World War II. After the war, it reopened as the Milwaukee Ski Bowl so it was not to be confused by The Snoqualmie Summit ski area located two miles north. A Class-A ski jump was built in 1941 and was said to be the largest ski jump in North America. National championship events were held at Hyak from 1941 until 1949 when the lodge was lost to fire. The train station saw its last train roll across its tracks in 1981 when the Milwaukee Road Railroad sold off the line and it was decommissioned. The old line is part of the parks system called the Iron Horse State Park.
Economy.
Hyak is home to the Summit East Ski Area, which is 25% of The Summit at Snoqualmie ski area.

</doc>
<doc id="6975657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975657" title="Infinity + 1">
Infinity + 1



</doc>
<doc id="6975659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975659" title="Clenched fist injuries">
Clenched fist injuries



</doc>
<doc id="6975660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975660" title="Hojo Ujimasa">
Hojo Ujimasa



</doc>
<doc id="6975665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975665" title="Victual brother">
Victual brother



</doc>
<doc id="6975667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975667" title="Ran Tao">
Ran Tao



</doc>
<doc id="6975669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975669" title="You Won't Believe Your Ears">
You Won't Believe Your Ears

You Won't Believe Your Ears is a 1963 comedy album released by American comedian and sound effects artist, Wes Harrison. Originally released on Philips LP record 103, it originally charted in November 1963, staying on the chart for 5 weeks and peaking at position number 83. The album was re-released on compact disc on July 1, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="6975672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975672" title="Hojo Ujiteru">
Hojo Ujiteru



</doc>
<doc id="6975677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975677" title="Old Xavs">
Old Xavs



</doc>
<doc id="6975678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975678" title="Hojo Ujitsuna">
Hojo Ujitsuna



</doc>
<doc id="6975682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975682" title="Hojo Ujiyasu">
Hojo Ujiyasu



</doc>
<doc id="6975684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975684" title="Flooding (tactic)">
Flooding (tactic)



</doc>
<doc id="6975685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975685" title="Classical compounds">
Classical compounds



</doc>
<doc id="6975687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975687" title="Hojo Yoshitoki">
Hojo Yoshitoki



</doc>
<doc id="6975691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975691" title="Anthem (Toyah album)">
Anthem (Toyah album)

Anthem is the third studio album by the English new wave band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox, released in 1981 by Safari Records. It was the band's most successful album, reaching number two in the UK Albums Chart and featuring the top-ten singles "It's a Mystery" and "I Want to Be Free". The album was certified gold in 1981 for selling more than 100,000 copies in the UK.
Background.
"Anthem" was the band's first full-length album recorded with the new lineup which consisted of Willcox, Joel Bogen, Phil Spalding, Nigel Glockler and Adrian Lee. The material was recorded at the Marquee Studios in London and produced by Nick Tauber.
The album cover features a painting by Steve Weston which presents Toyah as a female fairy with wings, carrying the head of a decapitated male humanoid, with pyramids and smoke in the background. The singer explained that it refers to the theme of strength and domination, and that it was inspired by science fiction works of such authors as J. R. R. Tolkien and Philip K. Dick. Original vinyl issues of the album came complete with a colour insert featuring photographs of the band wrapped in bandages, with various exposed body parts sprayed gold, and Egyptian themed drawings across the lyrics pages. A picture disc variation, featuring the album's front and back artwork and no sleeve, was also issued at the time.
Lyrical content.
The lyrics of "I Want to Be Free" originated from Toyah's frustration as a dyslectic teenager during her school years. The singer explained that it "resonated how I felt about school years which was still very strongly with me even when I was 22". She further explained that the song is "about seeing the individual, it's about hearing and understanding the individual, not wiping them away from a future just because they can't add up or don't write particularly well. Also, it's about us having the choice".
The song "Elocution Lesson" is based on actual elocution lessons that the singer took during her school years. In relation to "Jungles of Jupiter", Toyah said: "I am absolutely convinced that at some point there was life, as we know it here, on Jupiter. (...) I believe that it's a living planet". She explained that "Masai Boy" refers to the ritual of the Maasai people when "a boy becomes a man" and that it is about "love and respect for the Maasai warriors". She described "Marionette" as "a "Game of Thrones" version of an anti-Thatcher song", adding that it is "about being played by a politician. We are the puppets, we're being played by the marionette".
Release and promotion.
The album was released in May 1981, preceded by the single "I Want to Be Free" earlier that month. "It's a Mystery", which in the UK had been available only as the 7-inch EP "Four from Toyah", was released as a separate single to promote "Anthem" abroad. Toyah embarked on a UK tour in May and June 1981 in support of the album. "Anthem" entered the UK Albums Chart at number 3, eventually peaking at number 2 and spending forty-six consecutive weeks in the chart. The album was certified gold for selling more than 100,000 units in the UK. It was also a modest chart success in Scandinavia, reaching the Top 40 in Norway and Finland. "Anthem" remains Toyah's most commercially successful album to date.
"Anthem" was released in CD format in 1985, adding the three remaining "Four from Toyah" songs and the non-album single "Thunder in the Mountains" as bonus tracks. It was then re-issued in 1999, again with the "Four from Toyah" material, B-sides of the single "I Want to Be Free" and its music video, and "For You", a song from the "Anthem" recording sessions which did not make it onto the original album. It was released on a promotional single given away free with "Flexipop" magazine in late 1981, together with "Sphinx", also from the sessions for "Anthem". The popularity of "Sphinx" meant it found its way onto the 1984 compilation "Toyah! Toyah! Toyah!", the 1998 compilation "The Best of Toyah: Proud, Loud &amp; Heard" as well as the 2002 re-release of "The Blue Meaning" as a bonus track.
In September 2022, the album was re-released by Cherry Red Records, adding two bonus discs of rare and previously unreleased material, and a DVD with live performances and music videos.

</doc>
<doc id="6975694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975694" title="Fire Services in the United Kingdom">
Fire Services in the United Kingdom



</doc>
<doc id="6975696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975696" title="Cristián Zapata">
Cristián Zapata

Cristián Eduardo Zapata Valencia (born 30 September 1986) is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Colombian club Atlético Bucaramanga. A quick and physically powerful defender, known for his hard marking of opponents and strength in the air, he usually plays as a centre back. Although naturally right footed, he can also play as a full-back on either side of the pitch, as he is comfortable with both feet.
Zapata began his career in Colombia with Deportivo Cali in 2004, moving to Serie A club Udinese the following year. After spending several seasons with Udinese, Zapata signed for Spanish club Villarreal. In 2012, he returned to Italy, joining AC Milan. Following the expiration of his contract with the "Rossoneri", he joined Italian top-flight counterpart Genoa in 2019, departing in 2021 to join Argentine Primera División side San Lorenzo.
A Colombian international since 2008, he has represented his nation at the 2011, 2015, 2016, and 2019 editions of the Copa América, as well at the 2014 and 2018 FIFA World Cups.
Club career.
Early career and Udinese.
A product of Deportivo Cali's youth academy, Zapata was quickly promoted to the first team in 2004. In his first season, Zapata played a total of 25 games with "Los Azucareros" while also consolidating himself as a key component of the team's defensive end. After exhibiting quality defensive assets in his debut season, several European teams were interested in acquiring him. Ultimately, his destiny laid in Udine and eventually joined Serie A club Udinese. Also, this leap to European football was one month before his 19th birthday and ultimately consisted of a €550,000 transfer fee.
Zapata was signed by Udinese on 31 August 2005 from Deportivo Cali, along with team-mate Abel Aguilar. Both of them were scouted by Udinese while playing at the U-20 World Cup. He made his first appearance with the squad on 19 November 2005 against Messina Pelero for the Serie A. On 18 September 2006, Zapata signed a new five-year contract. That season he started 35 Serie A games. Cristián Zapata employed Claudio Pasqualin (of P.D.P. srl) as his agent on 21 February 2006, but fired him on 9 July 2007. In 2009 the "Tribunale Nazionale di Arbitrato per lo Sport" awarded Pasqualin eligible to receive €38,900 as agent fee that Zapata owed Pasqualin (5% of annual salary times 2 seasons, 2006–07 and 2007–08).
In October 2007, Zapata along with Andrea Dossena, Roman Eremenko and Simone Pepe was awarded new contracts until June 2012. In June 2008, Zapata was injured and missed 6 months. In the 2009–10 season, Zapata usually played as central defender, partnered with Andrea Coda.
Brief spell at Villarreal.
After the 2010–11 season, Cristián Zapata claimed that many top European clubs were interested in signing him. Zapata signed for Villarreal CF on 12 July 2011. On Wednesday 17 August 2011, in the 2011–12 season, Cristián Zapata made his debut against Udinese in a Champions League qualifier. His La Liga debut came on 29 August against FC Barcelona at the Camp Nou. Deployed as a right-back for the entire game, Zapata and Villarreal suffered a harsh 5–0 defeat.
Initially in the season, Zapata would be a regular starter and a key player for Miguel Ángel Lotina. In addition, he was in constant rotation between a right-back and centre-back position. On 31 October, Zapata suffered a knee injury that ruled him out for 35 days. Subsequently, he missed a total of six games including two UEFA Champions League group stage matches against Manchester City and Bayern Munich. He made his return from injury in the final group stage match against Italian side Napoli. Following a 0–2 defeat, Villarreal finished last of their group with 0 points.
On the last match-day of the season, Zapata played the entire match against Atlético Madrid as Villarreal were relegated with fellow countryman Radamel Falcao scoring the only goal of the game for Atletico. In total, Zapata played 36 matches and provided 1 assist throughout all competitions during his time at Villarreal.
AC Milan.
In August 2012, Villarreal announced that Zapata had left the club to join AC Milan on a season-long loan. Zapata made headline news in the Champions League against Spanish giants Barcelona: Milan's opening goal in a 2–0 victory of the first leg involved the ball being deflected on to his hand and landing in front of Kevin-Prince Boateng who scored seconds later. The referee did not judge it an attempted touch of the ball but allowed Boateng's goal to be counted, while Zapata was credited with an assist. The replay showed the ball making contact with his face. In his first Milan derby against Inter Milan, Zapata was praised for his defending and for playing a key role in counter-attacks. In 2013, Zapata signed a contract with Milan until summer 2016.
In January 2015, Zapata suffered an injury keeping him sidelined for two months. Upon recovery, he featured as an unused substitute.
On 5 February 2017, Zapata was named as captain in his first league game of the season, a 0–1 home defeat against Sampdoria, due to the absence of team captain Riccardo Montolivo and third captain Mattia De Sciglio because of injuries. Vice-captain Ignazio Abate later appeared in the game as a substitute with Zapata keeping the captain's armband. On 15 April 2017, Zapata scored an equalizer in the Milan derby against Inter Milan at the 97th minute. The match resulted in a 2–2 draw. It was also the first Milan game under the ownership of Rossoneri Sport Investment, headed by Li Yonghong, with Zapata giving away his jersey as a gift to the Chinese entrepreneur soon after the final whistle.
On 17 April 2018 he was confirmed to be vice-captain instead of Giacomo Bonaventura as he kept the armband during the game against S.S.C. Napoli, where captain Leonardo Bonucci was unavailable and Giacomo Bonaventura was playing, he celebrated this news with an outstanding performance with his former Villarreal CF teammate Mateo Musacchio.
Zapata began the 2018–19 season with injury, and was third-choice centre-back behind Musacchio and Alessio Romagnoli. His first appearance of the season came on 4 October, in Milan's second Europa League match, a 3–1 at home to Olympiacos. Zapata started the club's final five matches in Europe, including their final match away to Olympiacos, in which Zapata scored at both ends in the second half, two minutes apart. Milan entered the match three points ahead of Olympiacos, seeking to qualify for the knockout stage alongside Real Betis. Milan were losing 1–0 prior to Zapata's goals; the own goal would have sent Olympiacos through on away goals, and the proper goal would have sent Milan through on aggregate. A late penalty was scored by Kostas Fortounis for Olympiacos, and Milan were eliminated as the 3–1 result held, their first group stage elimination in Europe since 2001.
Zapata's Serie A season debut came on 7 October, at home to Chievo Verona. However, Zapata would not play regularly until Musacchio picked up an injury against Real Betis on 8 November. Musacchio missed five games due to the injury, but did not regain his place in the Serie A team following his return to fitness. Zapata started seven of Milan's final eight Serie A matches in 2018 following Musacchio's injury, and also started the club's Coppa Italia extra-time win over Sampdoria and their Supercoppa Italiana defeat to Juventus in 2019. Zapata's run in the team came to an end as he picked up an injury early in Milan's first Serie A game of 2019, away to Genoa. He would not be named to a match-day squad for two months, and by the time he returned, Musacchio had cemented his place in the back line alongside Romagnoli. Zapata would get two more starts the rest of the campaign, finishing the season with 20 appearances in all competitions as his contract with the club expired.
Genoa.
On 2 July 2019, Zapata signed a two-year contract with Serie A club Genoa on a free transfer. Upon his arrival, he became the first Colombian player to sign for Genoa.
San Lorenzo.
On 29 July 2021, Zapata joined Argentine side San Lorenzo, signing a contract until the end of the 2022 season.
Atlético Nacional.
On 2 December 2022, Zapata returned to Colombia after 17 years, signing with Atlético Nacional on a free transfer.
Vitória.
On 16 January 2024, Zapata joined Brazilian club Vitória, on their return to Série A.
Atlético Bucaramanga.
On 5 July 2024, Zapata joined Atlético Bucaramanga.
International career.
Zapata was a member of Colombian U-20 team that won the 2005 South American Youth Championship and the team that played at 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship, who lost to Argentina in the round of 16. Zapata was unavailable in the first 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification match.
In the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification match, Zapata finally got his first spot chance since under new coach Jose Pekerman against South American leaders Argentina. In the 26th minute, while defending the ball inside Colombia's box from Gonzalo Higuaín, Higuain fell to the side while losing balance and kicked the thigh of Zapata in anger. In reaction, Zapata questioned him and kicked him back, resulting in him receiving a red card along with Higuain. Zapata was later criticized for not controlling himself and allowing the referee to give Higuain the red card while simply walking away, which would have allowed Colombia an 11 men advantage over a 10 men Argentina.
In May 2018 he was named in Colombia's preliminary 35-man squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
On 30 May 2019, Zapata was included in the 23-man final Colombia squad for the 2019 Copa América.
Personal life.
Zapata's aunt Limbaina Zapata was kidnapped on 1 May 2013. The kidnappers demanded $150 million in ransom. The following day, the National Police of Colombia located the thieves in Miranda, Cauca, Colombia, and Limbaina Zapata was released with no harm.
He is the cousin of fellow professional footballer Duván Zapata.
On 7 November 2020 he tested positive for COVID-19.
Honours.
AC Milan
Atlético Nacional
Colombia U20
Colombia

</doc>
<doc id="6975697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975697" title="Big ron manager">
Big ron manager



</doc>
<doc id="6975703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975703" title="Hojo Tokimasa">
Hojo Tokimasa



</doc>
<doc id="6975706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975706" title="Hojo Yasutoki">
Hojo Yasutoki



</doc>
<doc id="6975709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975709" title="Uniate Catholics">
Uniate Catholics



</doc>
<doc id="6975716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975716" title="Cristián Zapata Valencia">
Cristián Zapata Valencia



</doc>
<doc id="6975717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975717" title="Timour-Leng">
Timour-Leng



</doc>
<doc id="6975718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975718" title="Transliteration of Ancient Greek into English">
Transliteration of Ancient Greek into English



</doc>
<doc id="6975720" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975720" title="Saga Of The Duck Hunt">
Saga Of The Duck Hunt



</doc>
<doc id="6975724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975724" title="Hojo Masako">
Hojo Masako



</doc>
<doc id="6975727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975727" title="Saga of the Duck Hunt">
Saga of the Duck Hunt



</doc>
<doc id="6975728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975728" title="Gurs (concentration camp)">
Gurs (concentration camp)



</doc>
<doc id="6975729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975729" title="Ariel Lin">
Ariel Lin

 use both this parameter and |birth_date to display the person's date of birth, date of death, and age at death) --&gt;
Ariel Lin Yi-chen (; born 29 October 1982) is a Taiwanese actress and singer. She rose to fame for her role as Yuan Xiangqin in the Taiwanese drama "It Started with a Kiss" (2005) and the Chinese fantasy drama "The Little Fairy" (2006). Lin won Best Actress at the 43rd and 47th Golden Bell Awards for her roles in "They Kiss Again" (2007) and "In Time with You" (2011) respectively.
Career.
2004: Beginnings.
Lin was first discovered in a Taiwanese beauty contest. She made her debut in the television drama "True Love 18" (2002). Lin also starred in her first film "Love Me, If You Can" (2004), which earned her a nomination for Best Actress at the 40th Golden Horse Awards. She gained more popularity after starring in the idol drama series "My Secret Garden II" and " Love Contract" opposite Mike He. She also sang the theme song for "Love Contract", titled "Alone in the northern hemisphere", which topped the KTV and ring tone charts for 12 weeks.
2005–2007: Breakthrough.
Lin rose to mainstream popularity for her role as Yuan Xiangqin in the popular Taiwanese idol drama "It Started with a Kiss" (2005). The series topped ratings in Taiwan, and was a hit across Asia.
Lin then starred in her first Chinese drama, "The Little Fairy" (2006) where she played the Seventh Fairy Maiden. The series was extremely popular and had high ratings, marking her successful foray into the Chinese market. The same year, she starred in "Tokyo Juliet" alongside Wu Chun.
Lin reunited with Joe Cheng in "They Kiss Again" (2007), the sequel of "It Started with a Kiss". The drama had an average rating of 3.43, becoming one of the highest rated idol dramas. Lin's performance in the drama won her the Best Actress award at the 43rd Golden Bell Awards, making her the first actress in history to win the award with an idol drama. The same year, she released the single "Adventure of Lunia" as the theme song for the video game "".
2008–2013: Continued success and Singing career.
Lin starred in the 2008 adaptation of Louis Cha's novel "The Legend of the Condor Heroes". She plays Huang Rong, opposite her "The Little Fairy" co-star Hu Ge, who plays Guo Jing. She also starred in the Taiwanese drama "Love or Bread", her third collaboration with Joe Cheng.
In 2009, Lin signed a three-year and three-album contract with Avex Taiwan. She released her first album, "Blissful Encounter", which sold 20,000 copies within 2 days. The same year, she starred in her first theater play, "The War and Peace between Men and Women".
Lin then starred in romance drama "In Time with You" (2011), co-starring Bolin Chen. It was the highest rated Taiwanese idol drama of the year and was extremely popular across Asia. Lin won her Golden Bell Award for Best Actress trophy for her performance in the series. She then starred alongside Feng Shaofeng in the historical drama "Prince of Lan Ling" (2013). In 2013, she was listed by Forbes as the 85th most influential celebrity in China.
2014–present: Films.
Following her television career, Lin focused on films. In 2014, she starred in the crime caper "Sweet Alibis" alongside Alec Su. It was chosen as the Most Popular Taiwanese Film at the 6th Straits Film and Television Awards. Lin then starred in "Go Lala Go 2" (2015), the sequel to the 2010 hit film "Go Lala Go!". However unlike its predecessor, it was a critical and commercial flop.
Lin turned to the thriller genre in "The Mysterious Family" (2017), playing a rape victim who becomes psychologically scarred after the incident. The same year, she was cast in the television drama "Old Boy" alongside Liu Ye, marking her small-screen comeback after 4 years.
In 2018, Lin was cast in the historical drama "I Will Never Let You Go" as the protagonist.
Personal life.
Lin was born in Yilan, Taiwan to a middle-income family. She has a younger brother. Her parents separated when she was very young and divorced when she was in high school. (Lin helped reconcile them in 2014.) Lin was raised by her mother and lived in poverty for many years. She began taking care of the family in her second year of high school after her mother suffered a cerebellar stroke. At age 18, she entered a beauty competition because she wanted to win the prize money and buy her brother a new computer. She won first place. She was also accepted to National Chengchi University, a top university in Taiwan. She graduated with a BA in Korean literature while working as an actress part-time. When she filmed in China, several of her classmates copied notes for her. 
Lin is severely myopic (-7.0D) and wears contact lenses. In June 2008, Lin was diagnosed with a 2 cm cyst on her pituitary gland, following which she had an operation in February 2009. 
In 2013, she decided to take a break from her career. She went to United Kingdom and obtained a Master of Arts (MA) in Acting for Screen from the Royal Central School of Speech and Drama, University of London in 2014.
On 24 December 2014, Lin married businessman Charles Lin. The couple were introduced by mutual friends. On 29 September 2021, Lin announced her pregnancy hours after media broke the news. She gave birth to a girl on 18 October that year. She wrote a book during her pregnancy, which topped Books.com.tw's bestseller lists (both print and e-book) when it was published in January 2022. On 16 June 2025, she announced the birth of her second child, a son, born 2 days ago.

</doc>
<doc id="6975730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975730" title="Hinton train crash">
Hinton train crash



</doc>
<doc id="6975731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975731" title="Helper dependant virus">
Helper dependant virus



</doc>
<doc id="6975735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975735" title="The Nearness of You">
The Nearness of You

"The Nearness of You" is a popular song written in 1937 by Hoagy Carmichael (1899–1981), with lyrics by Ned Washington (1901–1976). Intended for an unproduced Paramount Pictures film titled Romance In The Rough, the studio's publishing division Famous Music reregistered and published the song three years later in 1940. It was first recorded by Chick Bullock (1898–1981) and his Orchestra on Vocalion. Despite numerous accounts to the contrary, the song was never scheduled for and does not appear in the production of the 1938 Paramount film Romance in the Dark.
It is also heard in the later 1940 recording "In the Mood" by the famous Glenn Miller (1904–1944) and His Orchestra, with vocals by singer Ray Eberle (1919–1979), and by many others.
The song is also on the Grammy-Award-winning album "Come Away with Me", by Norah Jones.
Covers.
The first big-selling version was recorded on April 28, 1940, by the Glenn Miller Orchestra (1938–1942), with a vocal by Ray Eberle (Bluebird). This recording first reached the "Billboard" magazine's "Best Seller" chart on July 20, 1940, and lasted eight weeks on the chart, peaking at No. 5.
Other popular versions around that time were recorded by Kay Kyser (1905–1985)'s orchestra (vocal: Harry Babbitt (1913–2004), on Columbia catalog number 35488), by Dinah Shore (1916–1994), with Paul Weston (1912–1996)'s orchestra (Bluebird), and by Eddy Howard (1914–1963), with Lou Adrian's orchestra (Columbia).
In 1953, Bob Manning (1926–1997), reached No. 16 on the pop charts with this song
The 1956 Ella Fitzgerald (1917–1996), and Louis Armstrong (1901–1971), record album of duets, "Ella &amp; Louis", included a version of this song with Fitzgerald soloing vocally while Armstrong soloed both vocally and on trumpet. Accompaniment was provided by the small combo of the Oscar Peterson Trio featuring Oscar Peterson (1925–2007), on piano, Ray Brown (1926–2002), on bass, and Herb Ellis (1921–2010), on guitar, joined by Buddy Rich (1917–1987), on drums. The album reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" magazine jazz chart and the top 10 of its pop chart.
German musician (born 1976), recorded the song with the Berlin Jazz Orchestra for the recent album "You're Everything" (2008). This was composed and arranged for the older big band style of orchestras music from the 1930s/1940s and 1950s eras by British composer / arranger and musician-pianist Steve Gray (1944–2008).

</doc>
<doc id="6975736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975736" title="Cristian Eduardo Zapata Valencia">
Cristian Eduardo Zapata Valencia



</doc>
<doc id="6975737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975737" title="Hojo Tokiuji">
Hojo Tokiuji



</doc>
<doc id="6975739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975739" title="Hinton train disaster">
Hinton train disaster



</doc>
<doc id="6975740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975740" title="Osrhaene">
Osrhaene



</doc>
<doc id="6975742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975742" title="Bidwell, Bedfordshire">
Bidwell, Bedfordshire

Bidwell is a hamlet located within the Parish of Houghton Regis in Central Bedfordshire, England.
Originally a small rural settlement, Bidwell is now a housing development area of the town.
Magic Maps

</doc>
<doc id="6975745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975745" title="The Nearness Of You">
The Nearness Of You



</doc>
<doc id="6975746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975746" title="Operation Eisbär">
Operation Eisbär

Operation "Polar Bear", "'German': "Operation Eisbär (October 1942) - a punitive police and military anti-guerrilla operation of the German occupation troops in the Kursk Oblast of the Russian Federation, aimed at the destruction of civilians who supported the guerrillas in settlements adjacent to forest areas.
The plan for the operation was drawn up by Hitler's special commissioner, General Adolf Heusinger. The operation was conducted under the command of the command of the 2nd Panzer Army with the involvement of frontline army units.
Some facts.
In the settlement of in Mikhailovsky (now Zheleznogorsky) Raion, Kursk Oblast, on the morning of 17 October 1942, 44 civilians were shot, including 26 children (five of them were under a year old). In the neighbouring villages of Zvezda and about 150 inhabitants were also killed. 
The punitive expedition was sent to the Mikhailovsky Raion on the orders of the commandant of the city of Kursk, General von Stumpfeld. The detailed plan of the operation "White Bear" on the territory of Mikhailovsky Raion was drawn up on 14 October 1942 at a secret meeting in , where the chief of the Gestapo Sonderführer Paul Laue, the chiefs of the gendarmerie of Dmitriyev Schiefer and Mikhailovka sloboda Sprengel were present. The latter led the massacre in the village of Bolshoy Dub.

</doc>
<doc id="6975747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975747" title="Hojo Tokiyori">
Hojo Tokiyori



</doc>
<doc id="6975750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975750" title="Closed-fist injuries">
Closed-fist injuries



</doc>
<doc id="6975751" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975751" title="Devyatayev">
Devyatayev



</doc>
<doc id="6975755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975755" title="Thorn, Bedfordshire">
Thorn, Bedfordshire

Thorn is a hamlet located in the Central Bedfordshire district of Bedfordshire, England.
The settlement is located to the north of Bidwell and Houghton Regis, and to the south of Wingfield and Chalgrave.

</doc>
<doc id="6975760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975760" title="Poetry Northwest">
Poetry Northwest

Poetry Northwest was founded as a quarterly, poetry-only journal in 1959 by Errol Pritchard, with Carolyn Kizer, Richard Hugo, Edith Shiffert and Nelson Bentley as co-editors. The first issue was 32 pages and included the work of Richmond Lattimore, May Swenson, Philip Larkin, James Wright, and William Stafford.
During the magazine's four decades, it gained an international reputation for publishing some of the best poetry by established and up-and-coming poets in the United States, Britain, and beyond including Stanley Kunitz, Thom Gunn, Philip Larkin, May Swenson, Theodore Roethke, John Berryman, Czesław Miłosz, Harold Pinter, Joyce Carol Oates, Raymond Carver, Robert Pinsky, Annie Dillard, Richard Wilbur, Jorie Graham, Michael S. Harper, James Dickey, Mary Oliver, Wendell Berry and Anne Sexton.
In 1963, "Poetry Northwest" became a publication of the University of Washington. In 1964, Kizer became the sole editor of the magazine and would hold that post until 1966 when she resigned to become the Literature Director at the National Endowment for the Arts. David Wagoner assumed the role of editor, a position he would hold for 36 years.
In 2002, after several years of dire financial circumstances, "Poetry Northwest" — at the time one of the longest-running poetry-only publications in the country — temporarily ceased publication.
In 2005, the University of Washington appointed poet David Biespiel as the magazine's new editor, with the agreement that the editorial offices of the magazine would relocate to the Attic Institute in Portland, Oregon. The new series resumed publication in March 2006 and immediately re-established its reputation as one of the most important and lively poetry magazines in the United States.
In 2010, David Biespiel stepped down as editor and poet Kevin Craft was appointed the sixth editor in the magazine's history. The editorial offices subsequently moved to Everett Community College in Everett, Washington, north of Seattle. Kevin Craft served as editor until 2016, when Aaron Barrell and Erin Malone were appointed co-editors.
Theodore Roethke and Richard Hugo Prizes.
"Poetry Northwest" awards two prizes each year for the best work published in its pages. Since 1963, it has awarded the Theodore Roethke Prize; since 1985, it has awarded the Richard Hugo Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="6975763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975763" title="Sewell, Bedfordshire">
Sewell, Bedfordshire

Sewell is a hamlet located in the Central Bedfordshire district of Bedfordshire, England.
Sewell is a small rural settlement, though it is located near to the town of Dunstable (and therefore the wider Luton/Dunstable/Houghton Regis Urban Area). The settlement forms part of the Houghton Regis civil parish. It is north of Dunstable Downs at the northern edge of the Chiltern Hills.
The hamlet is beside London and North Western Railway's disused branch line that linked Dunstable with the main line at Leighton Buzzard. This is now a cycle route and consists of Sewell Cutting which heads towards Dunstable and a long embankment in the direction of Stanbridge. One hundred and fifty metres south of the former railway track are Maiden Bower, an Iron Age hill fort and Totternhoe Chalk Quarry.
Sewell hosts a collection of listed homes and barns but one of the most prominent properties in the hamlet is Sewell Manor. This grade II list manor house dates back to around the 13th century and is full of character and history. It was purchased by Henry Brandreth 1652 from the Civil War Sequestrators. In recent years it has fallen into disrepair but has now recently been purchased by the Roche family to become their main residence and restoration work has begun to restore this manor back to former glory. 
Maiden Bower used to consist of a roughly circular bank topped with wooden posts. It had a diameter averaging around 225 metres. It now has a 3 metre high hedged bank, 100 metres of which has been undermined by the cliffs of the adjacent quarry. The enclosure contains the buried remains of a small Roman building. Previous excavation of the ditches has discovered ancient human remains.
An early Bronze Age hoard was found in Sewell in 1968 and consists of a beaker, wrist-guard, toggle and pin, all now in the British Museum's collection.

</doc>
<doc id="6975768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975768" title="Hojo Tokimune">
Hojo Tokimune



</doc>
<doc id="6975775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975775" title="Christian Zapata">
Christian Zapata



</doc>
<doc id="6975777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975777" title="Finnish baseball">
Finnish baseball



</doc>
<doc id="6975780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975780" title="Eclipse Award for Outstanding Two-Year-Old Male Horse">
Eclipse Award for Outstanding Two-Year-Old Male Horse



</doc>
<doc id="6975782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975782" title="Minos bull">
Minos bull



</doc>
<doc id="6975789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975789" title="Anthem (disambiguation)">
Anthem (disambiguation)

An anthem is a type of church music or a song of celebration. It may also refer to:
Anthem may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6975795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975795" title="Robert Chapman (cricketer)">
Robert Chapman (cricketer)

Robert James Chapman (born 28 July 1972) is an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Nottinghamshire and Worcestershire between 1992 and 1998, and List A cricket for Lincolnshire in the early 21st century. He is the son of footballer Bob Chapman, who was often known as 'Sammy'.
Chapman first played for Nottinghamshire's Second XI as a teenager, but his first-class debut came in July 1992 in the County Championship match against Warwickshire. He took one wicket in each innings (both future international players: Roger Twose and Neil Smith), but Notts declared in both innings and he did not get a chance to bat. He did not play another first team game for nearly two years, when he played against Cambridge University in April 1994. He took two wickets, but again was not called upon to bat.
In 1995 Chapman played intermittently from mid-June onwards, but averaged over 70 with the ball for his 11 first-class wickets. The following year he was selected only twice, though he did take 4–109 against South Africa A, and he left the county before the 1996 season was out, moving to Worcestershire in August.
Chapman played only second-team cricket for Worcestershire at first, but accompanied his new county on tour to Zimbabwe in the winter and made his first-class debut for them against a Matabeleland Invitation XI at Bulawayo in late March. He took only two wickets in the match, although his part (7 not out from 25 balls) in a first-innings last-wicket partnership of 19 ultimately proved important as Worcestershire won the game by just 18 runs.
1998 was a better season for Chapman, and in the second half of the season he finally managed to make himself into a first-team regular. He took 33 first-class wickets at 28.57, and 15 List A wickets at under 20 apiece. At the start of August he achieved career bests in both forms of the game, first taking 5–30 against Yorkshire in the AXA League and then a matter of days later claiming 6–105 in the Championship against his old county of Nottinghamshire. Sadly for Chapman, both feats were in a losing cause, although the 43 not out he hit against Durham (his highest score in county cricket) was more productive: he put on a century stand with Richard Illingworth (84) for the ninth wicket, then followed that up by taking 3–26 to help his side to a 155-run win. Chapman was voted Uncapped Player of the Season
Despite his improved statistics in 1998, the following year Chapman found himself confined to the second team all season having been plagued with a persistent elbow injury. In 2000, following the arrival of Glenn McGrath he left Worcestershire and moved counties again, this time to the minor county of Lincolnshire under the captaincy of another former Notts player, Mark Fell. Here he found rather more success, taking 4–18 against Berkshire in the first round of the 2002 C&amp;G Trophy (actually played, due to the vagaries of the fixture list, in August 2001), and making his first ever List A half-century in the same competition in 2003 when he hit an unbeaten 53 in a defeat against Nottinghamshire.

</doc>
<doc id="6975796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975796" title="Hōjō Sanetoki">
Hōjō Sanetoki



</doc>
<doc id="6975802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975802" title="César Martín">
César Martín

César Martín Villar (born 3 April 1977) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a central defender.
Over the course of 13 seasons he appeared in 200 La Liga games, mostly in representation of Oviedo and Deportivo, after which he had a six-month spell in England with Bolton.
A Spanish international during five years, César appeared in Euro 2004.
Club career.
Born in Oviedo, César started his professional career in 1994 playing for local Real Oviedo. In his debut season he helped with 17 La Liga matches as the Asturias side, which also featured Croatian Nikola Jerkan in the defensive sector, finished ninth.
After being instrumental in Oviedo's 1998–99 league campaign by playing 31 games and scoring four goals, César moved to Deportivo de La Coruña for approximately €7 million. With the Galicians he won one league, one Copa del Rey and two Supercopa de España trophies, but appeared sparingly during his seven-year stay (maximum 20 matches in 2002–03) mainly due to injuries.
César fell out of favour when Joaquín Caparrós took over as manager of Deportivo, and eventually moved to Levante UD on 18 July 2006. Things did not improve at his new team where he only played five times all competitions comprised, also getting sent off in a 3–0 league home loss to Atlético Madrid; on 31 January 2007, he cancelled his contract by mutual consent.
César joined Bolton Wanderers on a short-term contract until the end of the season, in February 2007. He made his Premier League debut as an injury-time substitute for Nicolas Anelka on 28 April, in a 2–2 draw against Chelsea; on 18 May, after failing to feature in any more matches, it was revealed that he would leave the club after the new manager Sammy Lee decided not to extend his contract, and he subsequently returned to his homeland, signing with Hércules CF in Segunda División.
For the 2009–10 campaign, veteran César continued in the second level, agreeing to a 2+1 contract with CD Castellón. However, after the Valencian Community team's relegation, the 33-year-old was one of the many players released from contract, retiring shortly afterwards.
César returned to Oviedo in summer 2015, in directorial capacities.
International career.
César made his first appearance for Spain on 18 August 1999, playing the entire 2–1 friendly win over Poland in Warsaw. He scored twice in his first two caps, both in UEFA Euro 2000 qualifiers and both through headers.
César was included in the Euro 2004 squad, but did not play. Despite showing early promise, his international career never fully took off, mostly because of injury troubles and the emergence of players like Carles Puyol and Pablo Ibáñez; he also found the net in his last match, a 4–0 friendly victory with Andorra in the week prior to the continental competition.
Honours.
Deportivo
Spain U18

</doc>
<doc id="6975813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975813" title="Over my dead body">
Over my dead body



</doc>
<doc id="6975815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975815" title="Hojo Ujinao">
Hojo Ujinao



</doc>
<doc id="6975822" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975822" title="The Sound Of Music (song)">
The Sound Of Music (song)



</doc>
<doc id="6975823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975823" title="Ministry of Higher Education, Science and Technology (Dominican Republic)">
Ministry of Higher Education, Science and Technology (Dominican Republic)

The Ministry of Higher Education, Science and Technology (Spanish: "Ministerio de Educación Superior, Ciencia y Tecnología" or "MESCYT") of the Dominican Republic is a government institution that regulates higher education in the country as well as research, grants and technology.
It originated from a commission to modernize the Dominican government and it was officially created as the "Secretaría de Estado de" "Educación Superior, Ciencia y Tecnología" on 2001. The current minister is Franklin García Fermín, who assumed office on August 16, 2020. Its headquarters are located at Santo Domingo.
History.
Higher education in the Dominican Republic.
The history of higher education in the Dominican Republic goes back to colonial times. The first academic center was founded by Dominican friars in 1518 and it would later be elevated to a university by the papal bull "In Apostolatus Culmine" of October 28, 1538. This was St. Thomas Aquinus University (Spanish: "Real y Pontificia Universidad de Santo Tomás de Aquino"). This institution closed on 1801 when the Spanish colony of Santo Domingo became part of the French Empire.
Higher education was restored on 1815 by writer and politician José Núñez de Cáceres, who was elected rector of the institution. He was responsible of declaring the Ephemeral Independence of 1821, which saw the beginning of the Haitian occupation of the Spanish side and the closing of the university.
Between 1866 and 1891, the Professional Institute ("Instituto Profesional") had some of the functions of the nonexistent University. The Professional Institute reappeared on 1895. On November 16, 1914, it was transformed into the University of Santo Domingo ("Universidad de Santo Domingo"). This institution temporarily closed during the United States occupation of the Dominican Republic (1916-1924).
On December 31, 1961, by the Law no. 5778, the center acquired its autonomy, renaming itself as the Autonomous University of Santo Domingo ("Universidad Autónoma de Santo Domingo"). The first autonomous authorities were elected in February 1962.
History of the institution.
The origin of the Ministry of Higher Education, Science and Technology comes from the Commission to Reform and Modernize the Nation ("Comisión para la Reforma y Modernización del Estado") from 1966. One of its objectives was to reorganize the National System for Science and Technology ("Sistema Nacional de Ciencia y Tecnología"). This commission concluded that it was a necessity to create an institution that could manage the scientific and technological activities, as well as everything relating to higher education and universities.
As a result, the Dominican government signed the creation of the Secretary of State of Higher Education, Science and Technology ("Secretaría de Estado de" "Educación Superior, Ciencia y Tecnología") on 2001, by the Law no. 139–01. It adopted its current name, Ministry of Higher Education, Science and Technology ("Ministerio de Educación Superior, Ciencia y Tecnología"), after the 2010 Constitutional reform and the subsequent Decree no. 56-10 which changed the names of all government agencies. It is generally known by its acronym, MESCyT.
Internal structure.
As all other Ministries of the Dominican Republic, the MESCyT is subdivided into viceministries. These are:
Other offices of lower rank are:

</doc>
<doc id="6975830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975830" title="Christoph Eugen">
Christoph Eugen

Christoph Eugen (born 28 May 1976) is an Austrian Nordic combined skier who competed from 1993 to 2004. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 5 km team event at the 1997 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Trondheim and had his best individual finish of 11th in the 15 km event at the 2001 championships.
Eugen finished 20th in the 15 km individual at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City. His best individual finish was second on three occasions (1993, 1994, 2003).

</doc>
<doc id="6975831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975831" title="Studien zur Altägyptischen Kultur">
Studien zur Altägyptischen Kultur

Studien zur Altägyptischen Kultur is an annual academic journal containing articles pertaining to the study of Egyptology. It was established in 1974 by Hartwig Altenmueller and Dietrich Wildung, with the aim of creating a communication mechanism for scholars researching ancient Egyptian culture. Articles are mostly written in German but articles written in other languages, principally English and French, are also accepted for publication. The journal is published by Helmut Buske Verlag.
History.
The journal was edited by Hartwig Altenmueller and Dietrich Wildung from 1974 to 1993. From 1994 to 2010, the journal was edited by Hartwig Altenmueller and Nicole Kloth. Since 2010 it has been edited by Jochem Kahl (Berlin) and Nicole Kloth (Heidelberg).
Use of Crocodile Hieroglyph.
The first volume appeared in 1974, with a set of guidelines appearing under a stylised representation of the "s3k" crocodile hieroglyph sketched by Wildung. This choice of name and logo was a pun on the ancient Egyptian word "sꜣk" , which means "to pull together." In the forward of the first volume, the editors state that the crocodile is not there as a warning to authors, rather signalling the intent of the editors to bring together articles and create a tool for communication in the discipline.

</doc>
<doc id="6975832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975832" title="Richard Cobb">
Richard Cobb

Richard Charles Cobb (20 May 1917 – 15 January 1996) was a British historian and essayist, and professor at the University of Oxford. He was the author of numerous influential works about the history of France, particularly the French Revolution. Cobb meticulously researched the Revolutionary era from a ground-level view sometimes described as "history from below".
Cobb is best known for his multi-volume work "The People's Armies" (1961), a massive study of the composition and mentality of the Revolution's civilian armed forces. He was a prolific writer of essays from which he fashioned numerous book-length collections about France and its people. Cobb also found much inspiration from his own life, and he composed a multitude of autobiographical writings and personal reflections. Much of his writing went unpublished in his lifetime, and several anthologies were assembled from it by other scholars after his death.
Education and career.
Richard Cobb was born in London, England, during World War One (NB the biographical information to the right gives his birthplace as Frinton, Essex) the son of Francis Hills Cobb, who worked in the Sudan Civil Service, and his wife, Dora, daughter of Dr J. P. Swindale. After being educated at Shrewsbury School, he visited France for the first time. He stayed for a year and developed a passion for the country, its people and their history. Returning to England, he matriculated at Merton College, Oxford in 1935, and was awarded a second class degree in History in 1938. During the Second World War he was an instructor to the Polish Air Force, made BBC broadcasts in French, and served in the British Army.
After his military discharge, Cobb returned to France and stayed for another nine years. During this time, Cobb honed his style of historical analysis. He worked closely with the French Marxist-school historians Albert Soboul and George Rudé, frequently sharing research at the National Archives.
Unable to obtain French citizenship, Cobb went back to England in 1955 for a succession of academic jobs. He taught at Aberystwyth University and the University of Leeds, before ultimately returning to Oxford, where he was elected as a tutorial fellow of Balliol College in 1962. Eleven years later, he was made Professor of Modern History of Oxford University, a post with a fellowship at Worcester College. He gave the 1974 Raleigh Lecture on History.
Cobb returned to France repeatedly, sometimes to give courses of lectures at the Collège de France. Throughout his life, Cobb displayed an understanding of the country and its people that seemed almost uncanny for a non-native: in the words of fellow historian Guy Chapman, "Few can enjoy the felicity of Mr. Richard Cobb, of becoming so soaked in a society not his by birth that he moves without needing to look where he is placing his feet among its nuances, its customs, its silences."
Writing and "history from below".
Cobb's published work mostly consists of collections of historical essays, of which the most celebrated is "The Police and the People: French popular protest, 1789–1820", first published in 1970. Almost all his early historical works were written in French.
Like Soboul and Rudé (and another friend, the older historian Georges Lefebvre), Cobb is counted among the progenitors of the "history from below" school of historical analysis. He wrote with a general sense of agreement toward their Marxist historiography, but Cobb's personal approach always avoided the doctrinaire presumptions common to his French colleagues. Cobb himself fully rejected any identification with Marxist ideology.
While the Marxist writers were more focused on historical movements and trends, Cobb's own vision was more tightly framed on individuals and their unique contributions. Even more importantly, those individuals who captured his attention were not the usual famous names – his favoured subjects were either Everyman figures or obscure persons of unique depth. Cobb had "an intense identification with the people who experience rather than make history." In his books and essays, Cobb wove compelling stories from raw data: "His approach is that of the novelist or Impressionist painter, communicating, always with compassion and a total absence of solemnity, what history did to ordinary people and how they managed to survive it."
"The People's Armies".
Though his published works are mostly essay collections, Cobb's most renowned work is a unified multi-volume analysis – the massive and intricate "Les Armées Révolutionnaires", first published in France in 1961. Released in English as "The People's Armies" in 1987, the book offers a social and political examination of the armed civilian "révolutionnaires", including the "sans-culottes", the "fédérés" and numerous other paramilitaries and irregulars. In particular, it chronicles their experiences under the Reign of Terror in what is widely regarded as a "masterly account".
Part of what separates Cobb from Soboul, Rudé, and other traditional Marxists is his view that the popular movement behind the Revolution was lukewarm and thinly spread. In "The People's Armies" he explains most thoroughly his view that the actions and ultimate course of the Revolution were not necessarily representative of "the people's will", but rather were inserted in history by a relatively small pageant of militant factions and outsized personalities. Cobb's approach has been described as a combination of "mistrust of facile generalization and an enthusiastic appreciation for the colorful tapestry of individual actions that make up past events."
Other writing.
A 1969 collection of Cobb's essays on France and French life, "A Second Identity", brought his writing to a popular audience for the first time. In its wide-angle view, the book poignantly intertwines many of Cobb's own personal experiences with those of forgotten participants in historic events. This was followed by more academic works in the 1970s, including "Death in Paris" (1978), which examines the Revolutionary experience through data mined from hundreds of official death records. This scholarly work earned the Wolfson History Prize for Cobb in 1979.
In later years, Cobb published several volumes of memoirs and observational essays, including a fond account of his childhood in 1920s-era Tunbridge Wells, "Still Life" (1983), which won the J. R. Ackerley Prize for Autobiography. This was followed by "People and Places" and "A Classical Education", both published in 1985; and "Something To Hold on To" (1988), in which Cobb recalls his grandparents and other relatives in a highly personalised form of "history from below".
Cobb made his closest venture to a strict linear narrative in "A Classical Education". Drawn from memories of his school years, the book tells the story of classmate Edward Ball who, at the age of twenty, was convicted of murdering his own mother. After serving fourteen years in the Central Criminal Lunatic Asylum in Dublin, Ball went to Paris to seek out Cobb. He confessed his guilt to his old friend, but explained his actions with deeper detail than he felt he gave in court. Sympathetically, Cobb recounts the "severe provocation" which drove Ball into "uncontrollable rage".
Cobb's final book was the memoir "End of the Line". He completed the manuscript only two days before he died, and friends and family made the arrangements for its publication. New compilations of his various writing have been published since his death, including a collection of personal correspondence, "My Dear Hugh: Letters from Richard Cobb to Hugh Trevor-Roper and others" (2011).
Personal life.
Cobb was married three times and fathered three sons and one daughter. He was known as a wit, a prankster, and a generally irreverent character. He frequently spent long nights in spirited carousing, particularly during his stays in Paris, and throughout his life he retained a reputation for being "iconoclastic" and even "eccentric".
The wry tone that Cobb so frequently employed in his scholarly writing was in regular service in his daily life. An inveterate joker, he would even deflate his own greatest passion with a pointed jab – a quote often attributed to him is, "Wonderful country, France ... pity about the French." His sardonic humour dovetailed with the traits of many of those minor characters in his histories for whom he had a clear admiration. After a fellow historian told him that he "wrote, spoke and thought like a Parisian Street urchin", Cobb called it the greatest compliment he had ever received.
Death and legacy.
For academic and literary achievement, Cobb was named as a commander (CBE) of the Order of the British Empire in 1978. Seven years later, he was similarly celebrated in France by the award of membership in the "Legion d'Honneur". Cobb died at his home in Abingdon, Oxfordshire, on 15 January 1996 at the age of 78. He had four children and, at the time of his death, was married to his third wife, Margaret.
In addition to Soboul and Rudé, Cobb influenced many other scholars including his Oxford successor Robert Gildea and the historians Colin Lucas, Paul Jankowski, and Simon Schama. He is not, however, without detractors. Cobb's works have been derided by some scholars as misanthropic, an application of Modern Age cynicism to eighteenth-century events. David A. Bell wrote of Cobb: "Because his sympathetic insight did not extend from the monsters and opportunists to the true believers, he ended up, for all the richness of his work, presenting only one side of the Revolution. He even made it somewhat difficult to understand why a revolution happened in the first place."
Though controversial, Cobb is generally considered to be a writer of "formidable historical erudition", and his works offer a similar appeal to students of other disciplines such as psychology, sociology, and literature. As historian Robert Darnton explains, Cobb's lushly detailed works are suffused with "a vision of the human condition that transcends the conventional limits of history writing."
Works.
A trove of Cobb's extant papers and correspondence (1941–1997) is maintained at the Merton College Library in Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="6975838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975838" title="Government of National Salvation (disambiguation)">
Government of National Salvation (disambiguation)

Government of National Salvation could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6975840" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975840" title="John McGrane">
John McGrane

John McGrane (born October 12, 1952) is a Scottish-Canadian former soccer player who played as a defender.
Starting his career at Hamilton City, he went on to spend nine years playing in the North American Soccer League for the Los Angeles Aztecs, the Montreal Manic, the Chicago Sting, and the Minnesota Strikers. He retired from playing in 1985.
McGrane competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics and won 12 caps with the Canada national team.
Early life.
McGrane was born in Scotland and moved to Hamilton, Ontario aged 12.
Club career.
McGrane began playing semi-professional soccer aged 16. In 1974, he moved to British Columbia to study at Simon Fraser University and was named NAIA MVP in his freshman season. The following year, he was named a NAIC First Team All-American.
He began his professional career with National Soccer League club Hamilton City in 1975 and joined North American Soccer League side the Los Angeles Aztecs in 1977. He was named Rookie of the Year in his first campaign, and played six games for the club during the 1979–80 indoor season.
In 1981, McGrane joined the Montreal Manic and spent his first season playing indoor soccer. He later spent two years with the club competing in outdoor seasons. In 1983, he joined North American Soccer League team the Chicago Sting for the indoor season and moved to the Minnesota Strikers a year later. He played outdoor and indoor seasons for the club before retiring in 1985.
International career.
After being spotted playing at Simon Fraser University, McGrane represented Canada at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal. He started both games as a forward as Canada finished bottom of Group G.
In October 1977, McGrane made his debut for the Canada national team as they suffered a 2–1 defeat to El Salvador in 1978 World Cup qualification. He made a further 11 international appearances for Canada, with his final coming in a 1–1 draw with Haiti in November 1981.
Coaching career.
In 1990, McGrane was named as coach of Canadian Soccer League expansion club Kitchener Spirit for their inaugural season, and set up a private coaching company alongside his assistant coach, John Gibson. The following year, he was named as head coach and general manager of league rivals the Hamilton Steelers, with Gibson following as his assistant.
Personal life.
McGrane was born in Scotland and moved to Hamilton, Ontario aged 12. He has four children.
In April 2008, McGrane was inducted into the Canada Soccer Hall of Fame for his services to the Canadian national team and support of Canadian soccer after retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="6975846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975846" title="Operation Supercharge II">
Operation Supercharge II



</doc>
<doc id="6975855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975855" title="Studien zur altägyptischen kultur">
Studien zur altägyptischen kultur



</doc>
<doc id="6975860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975860" title="Mediahuis">
Mediahuis

Mediahuis (; ) is a European multinational newspaper and magazine publishing, distribution, printing, television, radio and online media company founded in 2014 with assets in Belgium, the Netherlands, Ireland, Luxembourg and Germany. Mediahuis publishes daily newspaper titles in Belgium, the Netherlands and Ireland as well as regional titles, and is involved in broadcasting a number of Dutch and French language TV and radio stations.
Irish assets are held in Independent News &amp; Media subsidiary.
The headquarters of Mediahuis is in Antwerp.
History.
Mediahuis was founded in January 2014 as a joint venture of two Flemish media corporations: Corelio and Concentra. They entered into a collaboration around their paper and digital publishing activities. Corelio took 62% of the shares, Concentra the remaining 38%.
In 2015, Mediahuis acquired the Dutch NRC Media group.
In 2017 it acquired the Dutch Telegraaf Media Groep and VP Exploitatie joined as third shareholder. It took 16.7% of the enlarged group.
In January 2019, majority shareholder Corelio NV became Mediahuis Partners NV, holding a 50.6% stake in Mediahuis, along with Concentra (32.7%) and VP Exploitatie (16.7%).
These three shareholders are in turn mainly owned by the Van Puijenbroek family, Belgian Baert family and Mediahuis chairman Thomas Leysen.
On 30 April 2019 Mediahuis acquired Independent News &amp; Media for 145.6 million euros, which gave Mediahuis control over the "Irish Independent" and the "Sunday Independent (Ireland)", respectively Ireland's top-selling daily and Sunday newspaper, among other assets.
In July 2019, Mediahuis were reported to be interested in acquiring JPIMedia.
In September 2020, Mediahuis acquired the heavily loss-making NDC Mediagroep. In May 2023, Mediahuis acquired leading EU affairs media outlet EURACTIV, which became the company's first international media platform acquisition.
Mediahuis Nederland.
Mediahuis Nederlands started as the NV Holdingmaatschappij De Telegraaf and was later coined Telegraaf Media Groep N.V. (TMG). In 2017 it was acquired by Mediahuis. It owns "De Telegraaf", the most popular newspaper in the Netherlands, DFT, Telesport, Metro, Autovisie, Privé and Vrouw; regional newspapers including "Haarlems Dagblad" and "Noordhollands Dagblad"; digital brands including GeenStijl and Dumpert, and the national radio station Classic FM. In addition, Mediahuis Nederland owns dozens of other brands that focus on local news, entertainment and e-commerce. Via Keesing Media Group publishes international puzzle magazines and digital puzzles.
TMG acquired the weblog GeenStijl after initially buying an interest and Hyves, at that time still the most popular social network site in the Netherlands. In 2012, TMG acquired the free daily newspaper "Metro", which folded in 2019.
In 2016, TMG held a 23% stake in a joint venture with Talpa Holding, operating radio stations Radio 538, Sky Radio, Radio Veronica, Radio 10 and thematic channels (only on Internet). In addition, the television channel TV 538.

</doc>
<doc id="6975861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975861" title="Harney Westwood and Riegels">
Harney Westwood and Riegels



</doc>
<doc id="6975865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975865" title="Carlos Ernesto Paez de Oliveira Bustillo">
Carlos Ernesto Paez de Oliveira Bustillo



</doc>
<doc id="6975868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975868" title="Studien zur altagyptischen kultur">
Studien zur altagyptischen kultur



</doc>
<doc id="6975874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975874" title="Studien zur altaegyptischen kultur">
Studien zur altaegyptischen kultur



</doc>
<doc id="6975875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975875" title="Fabien Audard">
Fabien Audard

Fabien Audard (born March 28, 1978) is a French former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Career.
Born in Toulouse, Haute-Garonne, Midi-Pyrénées, Audard began at his local club Toulouse FC which formed him. He made his debut as a first-half substitute in the Ligue 1 match against Olympique de Marseille on October 3, 1998. Toulouse were already a goal down and eventually lost 2–0. He conceded his first goal to Fabrizio Ravanelli.
Audard made his next appearance on November 4, 2000, playing the full match as Toulouse drew 0–0 with RC Strasbourg. He played four further times that season before moving to SC Bastia in August 2001.
Audard did not play for Bastia in his first season there, and was loaned out to Ligue 2 Lorient for the 2002–03 season, where he played thirty matches. The move was made permanent and the 2003–04 season gave Audard 25 more matches. AS Monaco secured his services on loan for the 2004–05 season, where he played four matches as cover for Flavio Roma.
Returning to Lorient, Audard missed just one match of their 2005–06 promotion campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="6975876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975876" title="Of Natural History">
Of Natural History

Of Natural History is the second studio album by avant-rock/metal group Sleepytime Gorilla Museum. It was recorded and mixed at Polymorph Recording in Oakland, California during the years 2003 and 2004. Whereas on the first album, "Grand Opening and Closing", Dan Rathbun handled the mastering (in addition to producing, recording, and mixing), on Of Natural History the mastering duties are handled by Justin Weis, who mastered the album at Trakworx, San Francisco.
All the tracks on this album were produced by Rathbun &amp; the other members of the band, except for "Phthisis", which was produced by Scott Humphrey, and recorded at the Chop Shop, Hollywood in May 2004; Chris Baseford engineered the recording sessions, while Garry Raposo and Vincent Piette assisted in engineering.
Like with the first album, this album again marks the transition from one drummer to another: Frank Grau, who replaced David Shamrock after "Grand Opening and Closing", left after this album, and was replaced by Matthias Bossi, who plays different instruments on this album's tracks "Phthisis", "FC: The Freedom Club" and "Gunday's Child".
In 2024, it was named one of the 10 "wackiest" progressive metal albums ever by "Loudwire".
Music.
"Of Natural History" continues on the same diverse and eclectic musical lines as its predecessor, with more new elements, such as intelligent dance music ("Bring Back the Apocalypse") and funk ("Gunday's Child"). Other elements include heavy metal ("The Donkey-Headed Adversary of Humanity Opens the Discussion" and "Phthisis"), progressive rock ("FC: The Freedom Club"), post-metal ("Babydoctor"), western music ("Cockroach"), folk music ("The 17-Year Cicada"), as well as many more. Also notable is the incorporation of a plethora of field recordings and samples into the songs and interludes.
"Of Natural History" has a continuity in the sense that all the songs sequence into each other, thus holding the narrative element(s) of the album better together. The continuity and the coherent feel make "Of Natural History" very close to a concept album; its underlying mood is concerned with the apocalyptic implications caused by human presence on earth. To offer different viewpoints on this, SGM create their own characters and stories (tracks 1 &amp; 2, both of which are a continuation of a story created on the first album), and borrow from Filippo Tommaso Marinetti, Unabomber &amp; T.S. Eliot, Muriel Rukeyser, and Kenneth Patchen (tracks 3, 5, 6, and 9, respectively) in addition to own lyrics.
According to the band's official website, "Of Natural History" is in part "a debate between two contradictory pillars of 20th C. Anti-Humanism: The Futurists versus the Unabomber."

</doc>
<doc id="6975877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975877" title="The Saffron Con">
The Saffron Con



</doc>
<doc id="6975879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975879" title="Addictive behavior">
Addictive behavior

An addictive behavior is a behavior, or a stimulus related to a behavior (e.g., sex or food), that is both rewarding and reinforcing, and is associated with the development of an addiction. There are two main forms of addiction: substance use disorders (including alcohol, tobacco, and cannabis) and behavioral addiction (including sex, gambling, eating, and shoplifting). The parallels and distinctions between behavioral addictions and other compulsive behavior disorders like bulimia nervosa and obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) are still being researched by behavioral scientists.
Defining addictive behavior presents a challenge, as the concept encompasses diverse behaviors, and therefore its usage has been contentious. Although, central to the definition is excessive dependence on a specific substance or activity, derived from the Latin term ‘to enslave.' Furthermore, addictive behavior describes patterns characterized by a loss of control and a compulsion to accept a reward despite severe consequences. This often manifests in compulsive engagement, prioritizing short-term gratification over long-term consequences, and a transition from impulsivity to compulsivity. Consequently, addictive behaviors create a spectrum of activities that entrap individuals in repetitive patterns, despite the adverse consequences, echoing the enslavement inherent in the notion of addiction.
Developments in research continue to reshape the human's understanding of addiction. Traditionally, addiction was largely associated with substance-use disorders, including alcohol and heroin, and therefore “non-substance-related (behavioral) addiction” was not listed in the two internationally used diagnostic manuals for mental disorders. However, contemporary research suggests that any stimulus capable of producing pleasure can lead to addiction. This shift broadens the scope of addiction to include excessive shopping, internet usage, computer gaming, gambling, and sex. Addictive behaviors, whether substance-related or behavioral, often involve deficiencies in inhibitory control, emotion regulation, and decision-making. There are significant overlaps in diagnostic symptoms between substance use and behavioral addiction, including dominance over one’s life, euphoric experiences, withdrawal symptoms, interpersonal conflicts, and the risk of relapse despite negative outcomes.
From a neurobiological perspective, behavioral addiction may affect brain neurotransmitter systems similarly to pharmacological substances, such as the dopamine system. These behaviors often follow a three-step cycle consisting of preoccupation (anticipation), binge intoxication, and withdrawal effect, with reinforcement playing a central role in each stage. Reinforcement occurs through positive experiences during the initial engagement, negative reinforcement to alleviate withdrawal symptoms, and conditioned reinforcement where cues associated with behavior or drugs trigger intense cravings, perpetuating the addiction.
Addiction is classified as a chronic brain disorder by the American Society of Addiction Medicine (ASAM). There are several reasons why people develop an addiction. A predisposition to the addictive qualities of substances may be inherited by some people, making it a genetic circumstance. Another cause for addictions could be the environment. Whether or not someone develops substance use problems can be influenced by their home and neighborhood, as well as the attitudes of their peers, family, and culture on substance use. Another cause of developing an addiction could be related to mental health issues: over 50% of individuals with substance use disorders have experienced mental health issues at some point in their lives. Even moderate substance usage might exacerbate mental health issues in individuals. The other view is from the moral standpoint which regards addictive behavior as an intentional choice was freely made by the addict.
How addiction affects the brain.
Brain imaging techniques have assisted in mapping neural circuits involved in addictive behaviors, such as reward responses, cravings, cue conditioning, and withdrawal symptoms. This has provided key insights on the underlying mechanisms of addiction, including substance use and non-substance (behavioral) addictions.
Addiction hijacks the brain’s reward system, which normally encourages individuals to engage in survival-related activities such as socializing, eating, or achieving goals. Substances or specific behavioral activities create an intense “high” by flooding the reward system with dopamine, a chemical commonly known as “a feel-good chemical". Over time, the brain adapts to this surge by dampening its dopamine production and sensitivity to rewards. Consequently, the addicted individual may experience feelings of sluggishness and lack of motivation unless they consume the substance or engage in an activity to attain a sense of normalcy. This cycle of intense pleasure is followed by withdrawal symptoms and cravings, which fuel addiction.
Despite the traditional distinction between substance-use addictions and behavioral addictions, research reveals noteworthy similarities in their neurochemical mechanisms. Brain imaging studies demonstrates that both types of addiction activate similar regions in the mesolimbic reward pathway, a network linked to motivation and pleasure. Moreover, both involve changes in neurotransmitters, such as dopamine and serotonin, which are responsible for regulating mood, impulse control and reward processing. These convergent neurochemical features suggest that substance dependence and non-substance addictions follow similar fundamental stages.
The key stages of addiction are as follows:
Intoxication: Addictive substances induce dopamine surges in the mesolimbic reward system during intoxication, reinforcing a pleasurable high and establishing associations between drug-related cues and the anticipation of rewards
Adaptation: Individuals with addiction exhibit reduced dopamine production, leading to diminished sensitivity with repeated use. Besides dopamine, other neurotransmitters, such as serotonin and opioids, contribute to initial pleasurable effects (euphoria) and are also impacted by the brain's adaptation to repeated use.
Withdrawal: Upon cessation of the behavior or the drug effect wearing off, individuals experience negative mood states, including anxiety and anhedonia, due to the dampened reward system. Withdrawal processes are mediated by basal forebrain areas and neurotransmitters such as corticotropin-releasing factor (CRF) and norepinephrine.
Cravings: Conditioned cues (sight, smell, and emotions) drive cravings, prompting individuals to seek a re-experience of euphoria. Prefrontal circuits involved in highlighting the substance or addictive behavior’s importance are activated, while the limbic region triggers an automatic response encouraging the pursuit of the activity or substance. Dusyfuntioning in prefrontal cortical regions impairs executive functions, making it difficult to resist craving despite adverse consequences.
These overlapping neurochemical features support the growing understanding of addiction as a border phenomenon, impacting substance-use and behavioral addictions.
Compulsion vs addiction.
Compulsions are the basis of addictions. Reward is one major distinction between compulsion in addicts and compulsion as it is experienced in obsessive-compulsive disorder. An addiction is, by definition, a form of compulsion, and involves operant reinforcement. For example, dopamine is released in the brain's reward system and is a motive for behaviour (i.e. the compulsions in addiction development through positive reinforcement).
There are two main differences between compulsion and addiction. Compulsion is the need and desire to do something or carry out a task repetitively or persistently. Whereas addiction is defined by the following step after compulsion where an individual takes action on a compulsion to feel pleasure and satisfaction (the action is known as compulsive behavior). Notably, for addicts, compulsive behavior can lead to “persistent changes in the brain structures and functions” which creates a cycle of motivation for their behavior that is absent in OCD.
Compulsions (and compulsive behavior) do not necessarily include pleasure for the individual but addictive behavior does. In contrast, someone who experiences a compulsion as part of obsessive-compulsive disorder may not perceive anything rewarding from acting on the compulsion. Often, it is a way of dealing with the obsessive part of the disorder, resulting in a feeling of relief (i.e., compulsions may also arise through negative reinforcement).
Correlation between different personality traits and addictive behaviors online.
For over a decade, scientists have emphasized that contact with digital technology can potentially lead to addiction. People of all ages utilize digital devices, and their numbers are growing annually. Accordingly, excessive internet use can result in unhealthy internet use, also known as internet addiction.
It's been proven that the big five personality traits and internet addiction are associated. A recent study aimed to examine the relationships between the big five personality traits and internet addiction within this framework. As such, the researchers employed the meta-analysis method. In accordance with the study's goal, twelve papers were included in the meta-analysis, and thirteen effect sizes were derived from these investigations. In this case, it was shown that agreeableness, conscientiousness, extraversion, and openness to new experiences were inversely correlated with internet addiction, while neuroticism was positively correlated with it. As a result, it's thought that the big five personality traits play a significant role in the development of an internet addiction.
Another study focuses on neuroticism, which has been frequently proven to be a risk factor for internet addiction. The following categories were used to summarize the concepts related to neuroticism and internet addiction: internalizing problems, externalizing problems, coping style, and other factors. The most significant finding from the study is that, with rare exceptions, internet addiction has been primarily included as an outcome and all other ideas as predictors. Internalizing problems comprise the most consistent subset of the topics in the study. In addition to having a positive correlation, neuroticism and internalizing problems were independent predictors of internet, smartphone, and social media addiction. Regarding externalizing problems—which were often the subject of less research—the same picture became apparent. The review's findings also demonstrated that, similar to neurotic people's difficulties with emotion regulation, the internet provides them with a special setting in which to deal with unpleasant emotions. Furthermore, having poor-quality social relationships increases the risk of developing internet addiction and other digital addictions, particularly in those with high levels of neuroticism.
Development of addictive behaviors in adolescents.
Given the similarities between substance use addictions and behavioral addictions, the risk factors for susceptibility appear similar, with age of onset (adolescence) being a key factor. Adolescence is a period of time characterized by significant changes of physical, cognitive and emotional nature. Adolescents are discovering their individuality and struggle to balance their independence with peer conformity. During this transitional period, adolescents are therefore vulnerable to developing addictive behaviors.
Epidemiological studies reveal that recreational users differentiate from those with substance use disorders. Research suggests a correlation between individuals who initiate substance use during adolescence and developing a substance use addiction, progressing rapidly from trial to the adverse consequences of addiction. Substance usage increases in late adolescence and young adulthood, with alcohol, marijuana, and tobacco being the most widely consumed substances.
Brain maturation during adolescence is more susceptible to developing addictive behaviors as it further promotes risk-taking behaviors and subsequently early addiction decisions. This has been corroborated by animal studies, revealing that biological factors may desensitize adolescents to the sedative effects of chemical substances, such as alcohol, leading to increased consumption during the teenage years, In fact, drug or alcohol-induced addictive behaviors in adolescents have been linked to models discussing a stronger sensitization of the appetitive response and disrupted inhibitory control. Moreover, the susceptibility of adolescents is heightened as they tend to weigh the rewarding effects of the activity or stimulus more heavily than the negative effects, while also being less sensitive to withdrawal effects. In early adolescence, individuals lack the motivation to control appetitive motivational tendencies. The presence of positive and negative reinforcers seem to increase alcohol consumption, portraying a positive correlation between motives and alcohol consumption. After initiating drinking, there seems to be an increase in appetitive motivation to drink and a negative effect on controlled regulatory processes. The imbalance between these factors lead to increased substance use.  Although there have been declines in adolescent substance use rates, trends of rising e-cigarette (vape) usage highlight the ongoing health care concern regarding adolescent substance use and its effects on neurodevelopment processes during this crucial developmental stage.
In addition to the environmental influences, there seems to be a genetic role in adolescent addictive behaviors. Addiction risk alleles can increase the risk of addictive behaviors in teens.  Furthermore, the prefrontal cortex, the region responsible for decision making and executive function, is still developing during adolescence. This creates a vulnerability and the initiation of addictive behavior during this developmental stage can thus affect long-term functioning.
Therapy for addictions.
Therapy for addictions is not a cure, but a way of managing addictive behaviors. It is a treatment tailored to the specific triggers and root causes affecting each patient (such as trauma, stress, or anxiety), and that "enables people to counteract addiction's disruptive effects on their brain and behavior and regain control of their lives."
Various therapeutic approaches exist to assist individuals in modifying addictive behaviors (i.e.: such as yoga therapy, which can “treat or prevent addiction”). However, individuals seeking therapy for addictive behaviors may benefit significantly from consulting with a therapist recognized by medical institutions for their expertise in addiction or compulsion.
While medical interventions may be necessary for physical detoxification in certain cases, “addiction therapy or addiction counseling is focused on treating psychological addiction”. For instance, individuals may engage in addictive behaviors to cope with “historical trauma”, necessitating a therapist to use trauma focused cognitive behavioral therapy or exposure therapy to address past issues. Alternatively, for those using addictive behaviors to cope with current events, therapy addiction may focus on “learning stress management techniques and emotional regulation skills”, including cognitive behavioral therapy or acceptance and commitment therapy. In other cases, when addiction is intertwined with mental health issues, therapists employ an integrated approach, addressing conditions (i.e.: depression, anxiety, or bipolar disorder) alongside the addiction through procedures such as dialectical behavior therapy or hypnotherapy.
The use of these treatments is increasing in the medical field, as “a shift is occurring to mainstream the delivery of early intervention and treatment services into general health care practice”.

</doc>
<doc id="6975883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975883" title="AN-26">
AN-26



</doc>
<doc id="6975890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975890" title="Tunis Raid">
Tunis Raid



</doc>
<doc id="6975891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975891" title="Phicol">
Phicol

Phicol, also spelled Phichol (KJV) or Phikol, (, meaning "great"; ) was a Philistine military leader.
Phicol was the chief captain of the army of Abimelech, the Philistine king of Gerar. He entered into an alliance with Abraham with reference to a certain well which, from this circumstance, was called Beersheba, "the well of the oath" (Genesis 21:22,32; 26:26).
The Phicol mentioned in Genesis 26:26 is in relation to an agreement between Isaac and Abimelech, whereas the Phicol mentioned in Genesis 21:22, 32 is in relation to an agreement between Abraham and Abimelech. Therefore, the name Phicol may be a namesake handed down through a generation or possibly even the name of a title (both are referred to as "commander of the army"), such as Abimelech. 

</doc>
<doc id="6975901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975901" title="Operation Meridian">
Operation Meridian

Operation Meridian, also known as the "Palembang Raids" was part of a series of British air attacks directed at Japanese-held oil refineries near Palembang on Sumatra during the Second World War, Meridian had two phases: Meridian I on 24 January 1945 and Meridian II on 29 January. As a result, the critical aviation fuel output of the plants at Palembang was reduced by seventy-five percent.
Background.
In August 1944, Operation Boomerang the USAF had used Boeing B-29 Superfortress heavy bombers against the refineries to cut the supply of fuel to the Japanese. The attack had been largely unsuccessful but had shown B-29s could lay naval mines.
At the end of 1944, Rear Admiral Sir Philip Vian had deployed the aircraft carriers "Indomitable," "Indefatigable" and "Victorious" for an air attack (operation Robson) against a refinery at Belawan Deli, in North Sumatra The carrier squadrons had exchanged their Fairey Barracuda aircraft for US-supplied Grumman Avengers which, due to their radial engines, had better performance in the hot climate.
The two refineries at Palembang were the largest in South East Asia and could supply Japan with three-quarters of its aviation fuel needs.
The attacks would be made by aircraft from the British Task Force 63 of the British Pacific Fleet, en route to Sydney, Australia, where it would then be deployed in the Pacific . Refuelling at sea was needed and this was supplied by Task Force 69 of the British Eastern Fleet - three tankers and their escort.
Task Force 63 left Trincomalee in Ceylon on 13 January 1945, for Sumatra. On 20 January, Task Force 63 rendezvoused with Task Force 69 and refuelled with great difficulty because of gusting winds and a troublesome swell. The oilers complained of much pumping gear being damaged.
Meridian I.
The first attack - against the oil refinery at Pladjoe, north of Palembang, Sumatra - was delayed by poor weather from 21 January and the fleet waited off Enggano Island. The attack was finally launched at 6 am on 24 January with a lack of wind making take-off more risky.
Forty-three Grumman Avenger torpedo bombers, twelve Fairey Firefly fighter-bombers with rockets and fifty Grumman Hellcat, Vought Corsair and Supermarine Seafire fighters were launched. Japanese aircraft intercepted the force but the bombers approached with the sun behind them and dived from 9,000 feet to 3,000 feet to release their bombs. Despite the presence of barrage balloons the refinery was successfully attacked. Losses were heavier than on previous raids; 7 aircraft were lost due to enemy action and 25 to crash landings. The Avenger squadrons that participated included 820, 849, 854 and 857 Naval Air Squadrons.
Meridian II.
The fleet refuelled and replenished on 26–27 January. In practice, this was unsatisfactory as, with a mixture of poor weather and inexperience, the tankers suffered damage as ships failed to keep station and hoses parted.
On 29 January, the second raid, this time against the oil refinery at Soengei Gerong, Sumatra, was undertaken. Despite poor visibility, the flying-off was delayed by less than half an hour and the air strike was made against the oil refinery. Forty-six Avengers bombed the refinery. At least 11 Japanese planes shot down in dogfights and another 30 destroyed on the ground at nearby airfields, for the loss of 16 British aircraft to the enemy and 25 to "other causes". A small Japanese counterattack was attempted, but was defeated by the fighter cover and anti-aircraft fire. Refinery output was stopped for two months and by the end of March the total output from the attacked refineries was only one third of capacity. 
Task Force 63 refuelled from Task Force 69 for the final time on 30 January and sailed for Fremantle, Western Australia arriving on 4 February, while Task Force 69 returned to Trincomalee.
Allied order of battle.
The ships involved in Operation "Meridian" were:
Force 63: (Rear Admiral Philip Vian): 
Force 69

</doc>
<doc id="6975905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975905" title="Alistair Brown">
Alistair Brown

Alistair Brown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6975917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975917" title="Astro Ria">
Astro Ria

Astro Ria is a 24-hour Southeast Asian Malay language television channel exclusive to the Astro satellite television provider. It was one of the first 22 channels to be launched on Astro in 1996. Astro Ria offered mainly dramas &amp; reality shows but also offered little informational content. It's HD counterpart was launched on 29 May 2015.
History.
Channel changes were made from 1 October 2007, after Astro introduced a 3-digit channel. The channel is under the Astro Family package with other Malay channels like Astro Prima, Astro Oasis and channel Indonesian and Bahasa Malaysia, Astro Aruna.
In 2003, Astro Ria launched a show based from Mexican TV series "La Academia", called "Akademi Fantasia". The contest pits 12 singers in a bid to become the winner. The show became so popular in Malaysia and Brunei that spin-off versions were made in Indonesia and Thailand. A second season was made, which enabled Brunei viewers to vote as well. In its third season, 14 contestants instead of the original 12 were competing for the competition and the winner, Mawi became an instant music celebrity. A fourth season started in May 2006.
Astro Ria also hosts various prestigious annual events in the entertainment world such as the Era Awards broadcast, the Malaysian Film Festival, the Space Series Awards and also aired UMNO General Assembly live from the Putra World Trade Center (PWTC).
In May 2002, Astro Ria launched "Bloomberg RIA News", which was essentially the Malay-language version of Bloomberg Malaysia. The news was aired at 10:45 pm on weekdays. Its first anchor was Amir Mahmood Razak, who eventually also presented for the English version. The show was produced by Amy Mahadi.
Bloomberg TV and Astro's co-operation was dissolved in 2004, and the news programming became known as "Berita Astro". "Berita Astro" ceased production at the end of January 2007 and later launched a new news division, in which Astro Awani was launched in September 2007. Its main news program "Awani 7:45" was also simulcasted on this channel every day at 7:45 pm MST. Singtel TV is currently broadcasting this channel on Channel 608 as Singtel TV has been using the 3-digit since the launch of FOX International Channels through Singtel TV.

</doc>
<doc id="6975919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975919" title="Kelton Graham (Vanished Character)">
Kelton Graham (Vanished Character)



</doc>
<doc id="6975923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975923" title="Amenhotep son of Hapu">
Amenhotep son of Hapu



</doc>
<doc id="6975926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975926" title="Baroness Lockwood">
Baroness Lockwood



</doc>
<doc id="6975931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975931" title="National Panasonic">
National Panasonic



</doc>
<doc id="6975949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975949" title="Operation Diplomat">
Operation Diplomat

During World War II, Operation Diplomat was an Allied naval training operation. It was executed in March 1944 by the British Eastern Fleet to practice operational procedures that would be used by ships allocated to the British Pacific Fleet.
Part of the Eastern Fleet left Trincomalee and Colombo on 21 March and arrived at a point some 850 miles south of Ceylon (now Sri Lanka). They rendezvoused, on 24 March, with three tankers escorted by the Dutch cruiser and practised refuelling at sea for the next two days. Later, on 27 March, they met up with the US Task Group 58.5 which consisted of the aircraft carrier and her three attendant destroyers (, , and ).
The joint fleet returned to Trincomalee, and British Fleet Air Arm aircrew took two intensive days to learn the necessary procedures from American aircrews and learn from their experience. Sources differ on the exact dates of these events. Journal of the Royal New Zealand Navy, implies that training ("exercises") with "Saratoga" took place before the fleet returned to Trincomalee on 31 March, but The Dictionary of American Fighting Ships, says training occurred after the arrival of the on 12 April. Williams, in the History of HMS Ceylon, states that the joint fleet returned to Trincomalee on 2 April, whereas Journal ibid, quotes 31 March.
The ships from the Eastern Fleet were (flagship of vice admiral second-in-command Eastern Fleet), and , the fleet carrier , cruisers , , , , and ten destroyers.

</doc>
<doc id="6975953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975953" title="CDC SCOPE">
CDC SCOPE

SCOPE (Supervisory Control of Program Execution) is a series of Control Data Corporation batch operating systems developed in the 1960s.
Variants.
SCOPE for the CDC 6000 series.
This operating system was based on the original Chippewa Operating System. In the early 1970s, it was renamed NOS/BE for the CDC Cyber machines. The SCOPE operating system is a file-oriented system using mass storage, random access devices. It was designed to make use of all capabilities of CDC 6000 computer systems and exploits fully the multiple-operating modes of all segments of the computer. Main tasks of SCOPE are controlling job execution, storage assignment, performing segment and overlay loading. Its features include comprehensive input/output functions and library maintenance routines. The operating system chronologically records all jobs run and any problems encountered. To aid debugging, dumps and memory maps are available. 
Description.
SCOPE is a multiprogramming operating system capable of running up to eight jobs, called "control points", at one time. One control point is used for system functions. Later versions increased this limit to 15.
SCOPE runs on the 6x00's "peripheral processors" (PPs). "A central processor (CP)... is completely within the power of every PP at all times." One PP, identified as PP0 runs the Monitor Program (MTR) "that oversees or controls all other activities." PP9 is assigned to control the system console typewriter and displays. The other PPs perform input/output functions as directed by MTR.
A portion of the central processor's memory (called "central memory", or CM) the "Central Memory Resident" (CMR) "is reserved for various system tables accessible by the PPs.” Part of this CMR is a communications area for each PP. Each communications area contains an "input register" and an "output register", followed by a message buffer.
When the computer is "deadstarted", all PP's are loaded with system code from magnetic tape. PP0 will begin running the monitor code. The remaining PPs will loop reading their input registers waiting for requests from the monitor.
Software.
As of SCOPE 3.3 a number of programming language compilers and utilities were supported. Major languages were ALGOL, BASIC, FORTRAN, COBOL, and COMPASS (assembler). Other languages were APT, CSSL 3 (Continuous System Simulation Language), JOVIAL, SIMSCRIPT, and SIMULA. Other software included IGS (Interactive Graphics System), PERT, and SORT/MERGE.
CDC systems were considered supercomputers, and customers were often large government agencies and research facilities. Most of these had specialized requirements, and often wrote their own software.
Competition.
SCOPE was written by a programming team in Sunnyvale, California, about 2,000 miles from the CDC hardware division. It was considered by them a buggy and inefficient piece of software, though not much different than many operating systems of the era. At the CDC Arden Hills, Minnesota laboratories (where they referred to SCOPE as "Sunnyvale's Collection Of Programming Errors") they had a competing operating system, MACE. This was the Mansfield And Cahlander Executive (from Greg Mansfield and Dave Cahlander, the authors of the system). It had started as an engineering test executive, but eventually developed into a complete operating system — a modularized rewrite and enhancement of the original Chippewa Operating System (COS). While never an official CDC product, a copy was freely given to any customer who asked for one. Many customers did, especially the more advanced ones (like University and research sites).
When Control Data decided to write its next operating system "Kronos", it considered both the current SCOPE system and the unofficial MACE alternative. They chose to abandon the SCOPE system and base Kronos on the MACE software. Eventually, Kronos was replaced by the new "Network Operating System" (NOS). Though many smaller CDC customers continued to use the SCOPE system rather than Kronos. When NOS became the primary Control Data operating system, some customers running mainly batch operations were reluctant to switch to the NOS system, as they saw no benefit for their shop. So the SCOPE system was maintained, and renamed as NOS/BE (Batch Environment), primarily so that CDC Marketing could say that all mainframe customers were using the NOS operating system.
Current status.
The computer emulation community has made repeated attempts to recover and preserve CDC software. It is now running under a CDC CYBER and 6000 series emulator.

</doc>
<doc id="6975954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975954" title="Koyo Gunkan">
Koyo Gunkan



</doc>
<doc id="6975958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975958" title="Portugal national cricket team">
Portugal national cricket team

The Portuguese national cricket team is the team that represents the country of Portugal in international cricket.
History.
Beginnings.
Cricket in Portugal dates back to the Peninsular War of 1809–1814, when English troops were encamped in Lisbon. A game between sides from Porto and Lisbon has been played almost every year since 1861. English club teams paid frequent visits; the Cryptics Cricket Club toured eight times between 1924 and 1939. The game was confined, however, to the expatriate community, particularly the port wine manufacturers of Porto, until events in 1974 gave Portuguese cricket an unexpected boost.
Playing numbers increase.
The Carnation Revolution led to many Portuguese citizens returning from their former overseas province of Goa, and the subsequent independence of Mozambique brought many Portuguese citizens back, bringing cricket with them. Other Portuguese citizens living in Portugal's former African overseas provinces moved to Rhodesia and South Africa, where their children were absorbed into the sporting cultures of those countries, and the subsequent socio-political changes there led to them bringing their love of cricket back to Portugal.
International competition.
The Cricket Association of Portugal was founded in 1994 and they became an ICC member two years later. Their first international engagement was in the European Nations Cup in Switzerland in 1997, where they reached the semi-finals. They competed in that tournament's successor, the ECC Trophy in 1999, finishing as runners up and qualifying for Division Two of the European Championship in 2000. They finished fourth in that tournament.
They again played in the ECC Trophy in 2001, this time winning the tournament, again qualifying for Division Two of the European Championship in 2002. They finished third and then played in the ECC Trophy in 2003. This time their performances from the previous two tournaments did not continue and they finished in 5th place, a performance they repeated in the European Affiliates Championship in 2005. They will compete in Division Three of the European Championships in 2007.
1st tournament (The European Nations Cup 1997).
In 1997 Portugal played their first tournament. It was the European Nations Cup 1997. They also played their first match in that tournament. Their first match was against Greece at Lyceum Alpinum, Zuoz, Switzerland 19 August 1997. In that match Portugal made a 381/3 batting first and their players TG Rankine and Intesab Mehdi has scored two fine innings of 173 and 81*. After Portugal's innings Greece came down to bat. But for the bashing bowling of Portugal's bowlers Greece was all out at 115 in 29 overs. Santilal made the best bowling figure (3/27 in 6 overs) in Portugal's innings. Portugal won that match by 266 runs.
In their second match on 20 August 1997 against Malta at the same stadium Portugal batted first. They scored 297/9. Opener Nadeem Butt scored a wonderful 96 run innings. Again the bowlers of Portugal bowled well. Daia had made a figure of 10–2–35–3. Malta was all out in 187 in 41 overs. Portugal won that match by 110 runs.
In their last match on 21 August 1997 against Austria at the same stadium Portugal batted First like the two other matches. But this match Portugal could make a 240/7. Nazir Usman made the highest run of 45, while lower order batsman Daia and G Ramchande made a 39 and 27. They made 72 runs partnership in the 7th wicket. Austria did well. But they couldn't reached to the destination of 241 in 50 overs. But they made a 214 in 46.1 overs. 1st down Batsman A Simpson-Parker made the highest score of Austria's innings. He scored 55. G Ramchande made 3/41 in 9.1 overs. Portugal won that match by 26 runs.
Portugal was top of the group B with 6 points in 3 matches.
In the semi-final, Portugal, champion of Group B, met France, the runners up of Group A. Portugal lost that match against France. 
Portugal batted first for a fourth consecutive time. But in the semi-final Portugal's batting line-up was outmatched against the France's bowling. Portugal managed a 156 all out in 40.4 overs. Nadeem Butt scored 33 runs which was the highest runs of Portugal's innings. France made 157 very easily in 45.3 overs with 7 wickets in hand. Number 3 batsman N Jones made a 60.
Because of the unexpected defeat against France, Portugal was knocked out from the semi-final of The European Nations Cup 1997.
2018–present.
In April 2018, the ICC decided to grant full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Portugal and other ICC members after 1 January 2019 will be a full T20I. 
Portugal played their first T20I on 25 October 2019, against Spain, during the 2019 Iberia Cup.
Domestic cricket.
The only league in Portuguese cricket for the last decade has been the Lisbon League, which has been played by a varying number of local clubs (between three and seven) depending on the economic activity in the area. Most recently, the National League has been contested by Lisbon-based teams and two new clubs – one from the Algarve and one from Almoster. There are four registered clubs – Asian CC, Oeiras CC, Comunidade Hindu Portuguesa CC (CHP), and Friends CC in the Lisbon area, with a club in Oporto (Oporto Cricket and Lawn Tennis Club), a club in the Algarve (Barrington's CC) and one from Almoster (Presban CC). Over the years the Asian CC has dominated the league.
Records and statistics.
International Match Summary — Portugal
"Last updated 1 June 2025"
Twenty20 International.
T20I record versus other nations
"Records complete to T20I #3202. Last updated 1 June 2025."

</doc>
<doc id="6975970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975970" title="Zé Ramalho">
Zé Ramalho

Zé Ramalho (born José Ramalho Neto on October 3, 1949 – Brejo do Cruz, Paraíba, Brazil) is a Brazilian composer and performer. Zé Ramalho has collaborated with various major Brazilian musicians, including Vanusa, Geraldo Azevedo and Alceu Valença.
As with many musicians back in his younger days, he was first influenced by rock and roll; however, at the age of 20, his music took a more traditional Northeastern Brazilian approach. Zé Ramalho's lyrics however, are very influenced by the socio-economic difficulties faced by the average Brazilian.
Zé Ramalho is the first cousin of Elba Ramalho, a Brazilian composer and performer.
Biography.
Early life: 1949–1974.
Zé Ramalho was born to Estelita Torres Ramalho, an elementary school teacher, and Antônio de Pádua Pordeus Ramalho, a Seresta performer. When he was two years old, his father drowned in a reservoir of the sertão, and he was then adopted by his grandfather. His love for his grandfather would later be expressed in the song "Avôhai". After spending most of his childhood in Campina Grande, his family moved to João Pessoa. Ramalho went to medicine school at the Federal University of Paraíba.
As soon as the family settled in João Pessoa, he took part of some Jovem Guarda performances, being influenced by Renato Barros, Leno e Lílian, Roberto Carlos &amp; Erasmo Carlos, Golden Boys, The Rolling Stones, Pink Floyd and Bob Dylan.
In 1974, his first son, Christian, was born.
Before composing, he used to write Cordel literature.
First works: 1974–1975.
Also in 1974, he performed for Tânia Quaresma's movie "Nordeste: Cordel, Repente e Canção" soundtrack. At that time, he figured out a way to mix all the influences he received throughout his life: from Rock 'n' Roll to Forró. A year later, he recorded his first album, "Paêbirú" along with Lula Côrtes through the label . Today the copies from this very rare vinyl are highly priced in the international collector's market.
Beginning of the major musical career:1975–1984.
In 1976, he left medicine school and moved to Rio de Janeiro, where he searched for a record label to release his first album. After being rejected by several producers and executives, he was finally accepted by Jairo Pires, from CBS. In 1977, he recorded his second album (first solo), the self-titled "Zé Ramalho". A year later, his second son, Wilson, was born. In 1979, the third son, João (born to him and to his wife Amelinha), came along the third album, "A Peleja do Diabo com o Dono do Céu" (also referred to as "Zé Ramalho II"). He then moved to Fortaleza in 1980, where he wrote and published his book "Carne de Pescoço" ("Neck Flesh"). The fourth album, "A Terceira Lâmina", was released afterwards, and the fifth one, "Força Verde", in 1982.
In 1983, he broke up with Amelinha. After releasing his sixth album, "Orquídea Negra", he got married with Roberta, Amelinha's cousin, in 1984.
Small declining: 1985–1990.
The mid eighties would witness a small decrease in Zé Ramalho's popularity, with the releases of the albums "Pra Não Dizer Que Não Falei de Rock" (or "Por Aquelas Que Foram Bem Amadas") (1984), "De Gosto de Água e de Amigos" (1985), "Opus Visionário" (1986) and "Décimas de um Cantador" (1987). In 1990, he performed in the United States for a Brazilian audience.
Back to the top: 1991–2001.
In 1991, his only sister, Goretti, died. Even though, he was able to record his eleventh album, "Brasil Nordeste", and returned to his success times with the recording of the song "Entre a Serpente e a Estrela" for the soapopera "Pedra Sobre Pedra". In 1992, his fifth son, José, was born, and he released the twelfth album "Frevoador". In 1995, he had his first daughter born: Linda.
In 1996, he recorded the album "O Grande Encontro" live with his cousin Elba Ramalho (who had already re-recorded a very successful version of his song "Chão de Giz") and the well known MPB names Alceu Valença and Geraldo Azevedo. In the same year, he released his thirteenth album "Cidades e Lendas". The success of "O Grande Encontro" was so great that he decided to record it again in 1997 at the studio, this time without Alceu Valença though. The record sold 300,000+ copies, going Gold and Platinum. To celebrate his 20 years of career, he released the CD "20 Anos – Antologia Acústica". The record label Sony Music also released a box set containing three discs: one of rarities, one of duets and one of classics. Also to celebrate the 20 years, Brazilian author Luciane Alves released a book titled "Zé Ramalho – um Visionário do século XX" ("Zé Ramalho – a 20th Century Visionary").
Before the end of the millennium, another great hit: Admirável Gado Novo (first released in his second album in 1980) was the opening theme of the soap opera O Rei do Gado. He also released his fourteenth studio album, "Eu Sou Todos Nós", and the sixteenth one, Nação Nordestina, in which he once again explored the music of his home land, the Nordeste. The album would later be a candidate for the Latin Grammy Award for Best Regional Music Album or of Brazilian Origins.
Continuing into the 3rd Millennium: 2001–2011.
His first work of the 21st Century was the release of "Zé Ramalho canta Raul Seixas", a cover album with songs by Raul Seixas. He then shared stage with Elba Ramalho in the Rock in Rio 3. In 2002, Som Livre releases a CD of his greatest hits, part of its "Perfil" series of Greatest Hits albums. Also in 2002, he released his seventeenth album, "O Gosto da Criação".
In 2003, he released his eighteenth album, "Estação Brasil", containing 19 recordings of his main Brazilian influences, and one new song. He guest appeared in the song Sinônimos ("Synonyms"), from Chitãozinho &amp; Xororó's album, "Aqui o Sistema é Bruto" ("Here, the system is Brutal").
In 2005, he recorded his only live album, simply titled "Zé Ramalho ao vivo". His latter album, "Parceria dos Viajantes", was recorded in 2007 and was nominated for the Latin Grammy Award for Best Brazilian Popular Music Album.
In 2008, he released a compilation of rarities called "Zé Ramalho da Paraíba", followed by another cover album: "Zé Ramalho canta Bob Dylan - Tá tudo mudando", a tribute to the American musician.
In 2009, a third cover album, "Zé Ramalho Canta Luiz Gonzaga", was released, paying tribute to the Brazilian musician. In 2010 and 2011, respectively, he released two more tribute albums: "Zé Ramalho Canta Jackson do Pandeiro", in tribute to Jackson do Pandeiro, and "Zé Ramalho Canta Beatles", in tribute to the Beatles.
Own record label: 2012–present.
In 2012, Zé Ramalho created his own record label, Avôhai Music, through which he is releasing his first non-cover studio album since 2007: "Sinais dos Tempos". In September 2013, Zé Ramalho performed at Rock in Rio with Brazilian thrash metal band Sepultura – the line-up was labeled as "Zépultura", a portmanteau of both artists' names.
In November 2014, Zé Ramalho released a collaborative live album with singer and acoustic guitarist Fagner, entitled "Fagner &amp; Zé Ramalho ao Vivo".

</doc>
<doc id="6975975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975975" title="Valotte">
Valotte

Valotte is the debut studio album by singer-songwriter Julian Lennon. The album was produced by Phil Ramone and recorded at several studios from February to August 1984. It was released in October 1984 on Charisma and Atlantic. The album was first certified gold in the United States, in the new year, then shortly afterwards being certified platinum. From the album, four singles were released, each with a music video, charting at various positions on the singles charts in both the United Kingdom and US. "Too Late for Goodbyes", the second US single, and "Valotte", the first US single, were both US "Billboard" Top 10 hits, the former reaching No. 5 and the latter reaching No. 9. The album peaked at No. 17 in the US and No. 20 in the UK. Lennon toured the US, Australia, and Japan in March–June 1985.
Background.
Julian Lennon sent the Charisma Records label head, Tony Stratton Smith, a demo tape in September 1983. After listening to the tape and being impressed with Lennon's songwriting skills, Smith signed Lennon to the label in the United Kingdom, while Lennon was signed to Atlantic Records in the United States after its label head, Ahmet Ertegun, was also impressed with Lennon's songwriting. A month later, Lennon, with his friends Justin Clayton and Carlton Morales, started a three-month stay at a French château, "Manoir de Valotte", in Saint-Benin-d'Azy, France, writing and demoing songs for what would appear on "Valotte". In an interview with "Rock Bill" magazine, Lennon said that he "had a lot of the material" before embarking to the château. About the songs, Lennon said that half the songs on the album had "already [been] written on the piano" in short pieces, about "a year or two before". In an interview for "No 1" magazine, Lennon said the pieces were not originally "for an album", and that some of the music was "written several years ago, some [...] new". The lyrics were added only a few years prior to recording the songs for the album.
Recording and content.
The album was produced by Phil Ramone in January 1984. Lennon had asked about his availability after he heard Ramone's work on Billy Joel's "The Nylon Curtain" album. Ramone agreed upon hearing Lennon's previous recordings. The album was recorded February–August 1984 at: Muscle Shoals Sound Studio in Sheffield, Alabama; Bear Tracks Recording Studio, Suffern, New York; A &amp; R Recording Studios; Clinton Recording Studios; and The Hit Factory, the latter three located in New York City. The album was mixed by Bradshaw Leigh at The Hit Factory. Lennon's father, John Lennon, had recorded at The Hit Factory four years before, on the album "Double Fantasy", shortly before his death. Ramone had asked Lennon if he felt "the ghosts?"; he responded "They feel good for me. The vibes feel good and I want to be here!"
Lennon said that his father's album, "Imagine", had influenced "Valotte"s writing, but he was not "trying to carry on tradition, except maybe in the simplicity of Dad's writing". The title track is named after Manoir de Valotte, Lennon said it was a "kind of dream house [...] so that's what started off the whole song". "Space" originally started out as a music piece on bass guitar, Lennon said that his girlfriend helped: "My girlfriend came up [...] she said, 'Oh well, that sounds like either underneath icebergs [...] or space, like drifting in space' [...] [I] worked overnight and just came up with that." Lennon's reply to his girlfriend was: "well I'll forget the icebergs and give space a go!" "Well I Don't Know" was written about his father: "It's about looking for signs of the afterlife from Dad".
Shortly after the cover photo was taken, Lennon fell out with his then girlfriend and "Too Late for Goodbyes" was written, halfway through the recording of the album. "Lonely", which dates from 1982, is about when Lennon moved to London, without having any of his friends or family nearby. "Jesse", was offered to Lennon by China Burton, as Burton thought it would fit Lennon's voice. Overall, Lennon commented that "all of the songs [...] are from experience or feelings or relationships" in "real life situations" with "a feeling of neither knowing which way to turn nor what to do next".
Release and aftermath.
"Too Late for Goodbyes" was released as the first UK single, a month before "Valotte" came out, on 24 September 1984 in the UK, peaking at No. 6 on the UK Singles Chart, and in Australia at No. 13. It was also released as a picture disc in the UK. The album was first issued on 15 October 1984 on Charisma in the UK, and four days later on the 19th on Atlantic in the U.S. The album peaked at No. 17 in the U.S. on the "Billboard" 200 chart, and at No. 20 in the UK. The album's title track, "Valotte", was released as the album's first single in the U.S., in October 1984, reaching No. 2 on the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, No. 4 on the "Billboard" Adult Contemporary chart, and No. 9 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. Upon the album's release, Paul McCartney sent Lennon a telegram, with the message: "Good luck, old fruit". McCartney thought the album was "great!", also saying that he found it "very surprising". "Valotte" was also the album's second UK single, released in December 1984, peaking at No. 55 in the UK Singles Chart, and No. 75 in Australia. It was also released as a shaped picture disc in the UK.
Music videos were produced for the singles "Valotte" and "Too Late for Goodbyes", directed by Sam Peckinpah, and produced by Martin Lewis. Two versions of a music video for "Say You're Wrong" were directed by Tim Pope. A concert video recording is used as a music video for "Jesse", which aired exclusively on MTV. Lennon said in an interview with "Music Express", that the album was his "way of getting a foot in the door" with the songs "in entirely different styles". In the U.S., "Too Late for Goodbyes" was released in January 1985, peaking at number 1 on the Adult Contemporary chart, No. 5 on the Hot 100 chart, and No. 11 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. A remixed version of the track did chart on "Billboard" Dance Music/Club Play Singles and their Hot Dance Music/Maxi-Singles Sales charts at Nos. 14 and 49, respectively. "Say You're Wrong" was released as the last UK single on 18 February 1985, and the third U.S. single in April 1985. The song peaked at No. 75 on the UK Singles Chart, No. 3 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, No. 6 on the Adult Contemporary chart and No. 21 on the Hot 100 chart in the U.S., and No. 31 on the Australian singles chart. "Jesse" was released as the album's final single in the U.S. in July 1985, peaked at No. 54 on the Hot 100 chart.
On 9 January 1985, the album was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). It was certified Platinum on 13 March by the RIAA, having shipped one million copies in the US. Also receiving a nomination for Best New Artist at the 28th Grammy Awards. By February 1985, "Valotte" had reached 1.5 million worldwide sales. Originally saying that he would not be touring until he had a second album out, Lennon relented and between March and June 1985, he staged his first tour, starting off in the U.S., visiting Australia and finishing off in Japan. The tour setlist consisted of songs from "Valotte", two rock 'n' roll songs ("Stand by Me" and "Slippin' and Slidin'"), the Beatles' "Day Tripper", and the B-side, "Big Mama". The music video for "Valotte" was nominated for MTV's "Best Video by a New Artist" award in July 1985. On 13 September 1985, "Too Late for Goodbyes" was nominated for MTV's "Best New Artist" award, but lost to 'Til Tuesday's "Voices Carry". Just over a month later, on 23 October 1985, Lennon's mother, Cynthia Lennon accepted the "ASCAP Award for Publishing", on her son's behalf. A video featuring footage from Lennon's tour, titled "Stand by Me: A Portrait of Julian Lennon", was released on MCA Home Video on 28 November 1985. Ramone and the album's engineer, Bradshaw Leigh, both worked with Lennon on his next album, "The Secret Value of Daydreaming" (1986).
Critical reception.
In a contemporary review for "Saturday Review" magazine, music critic John Swenson gave "Valotte" two out of five stars and critiqued that Lennon's voice lacks the "tortured cynicism and urgency that characterised his father's and, consequently, "Valotte" sounds like languid outtakes from "Imagine"." In a three-star review, Davitt Sigerson of "Rolling Stone" said that it is both "exciting and irritating". He found the album's similarities to John Lennon's later work strange, observing "a middle-aged sensibility, reinforced by Phil Ramone's elegant but often stodgy production, applied to unashamedly youthful themes." Robert Christgau, writing for "The Village Voice", gave "Valotte" a "C" and panned it as "bland professional pop of little distinction and less necessity—tuneful at times, tastefully produced of course, and with no discernible reason for being". Christgau found Lennon's vocal resemblance to his father "eerie" and viewed him as "more Frank Sinatra Jr. than (even) Hank Williams Jr."
In a retrospective review, Allmusic editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine gave "Valotte" three-and-a-half out of five stars and wrote that it is "by any measure the debut of a gifted pop melodicist." He viewed that on the album's highlights, Lennon exhibited a strong sense for "Beatlesque pop songwriting, drawing equally from [John] Lennon and [Paul] McCartney", and at his worst, he drew too often on contemporary conventions such as synthesisers. Paul Evans, writing in "The Rolling Stone Album Guide" (2004), gave the album two out of five stars and remarked that Lennon "settles for clean but modest stuff—high-end MOR", while finding all of his albums "pervaded with a sort of listlessness, a free-floating pathos".
"Cash Box" said that the third single "Say You're Wrong" "has a light salsa feel with a bouncy hook" and has a "less ponderous mood" than the first two singles from the album, "Valotte" and "Too Late for Goodbyes," with its festive horn backup and strict percussion."
"Cash Box" said of the fourth single "Jesse" that it's "a bit more toned down than previous Lennon hits, but with its dynamic performances and involving melody and lyrics." "Billboard" described "Jesse" as a "cautionary tale framed in Latin/r&amp;b rhythms."
Track listing.
All songs written by Julian Lennon, except where noted.
Side one
Side two
Personnel.
Personnel adapted from inner sleeve.

</doc>
<doc id="6975977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975977" title="Sumi-e (Toshiko Akiyoshi – Lew Tabackin Big Band album)">
Sumi-e (Toshiko Akiyoshi – Lew Tabackin Big Band album)

Sumi-e ("Sumi-e, Toshiko Akiyoshi - Lew Tabackin Big Band '79") was the seventh studio recording released by the Toshiko Akiyoshi – Lew Tabackin Big Band. Not to be confused with the 1971 Toshiko Akiyoshi Quartet release, "Sumie / The Personal Aspect in Jazz". Sumi-e () refers to an East Asian style of brush painting.
Track listing.
LP Side A:
LP Side B:
Personnel.
Guest artist:

</doc>
<doc id="6975985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975985" title="Very Thought of You">
Very Thought of You



</doc>
<doc id="6975988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975988" title="Smoke emitting diode">
Smoke emitting diode



</doc>
<doc id="6975993" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6975993" title="Crowd scanning">
Crowd scanning



</doc>
<doc id="6976000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976000" title="Relics (TNG Episode)">
Relics (TNG Episode)



</doc>
<doc id="6976002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976002" title="Robert Stadelmann">
Robert Stadelmann

Robert Stadelmann (born 23 January 1972, in Marburg) is an Austrian nordic combined skier who competed during the 1990s. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 5 km team event at the 1997 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Trondheim and finished 52nd in the 15 km individual at the 1999 championships.
Stadelmann's only individual career victory was in a World Cup event in Chamonix, France in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="6976004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976004" title="Wes Harrison">
Wes Harrison

Wesley Bryon Harrison (January 31, 1925 - July 21, 2019), better known as Wes Harrison and nicknamed Mr. Sound Effects, was an American comedian and voice actor, notable for his ability to create realistic sound effects using only his voice and a Shure 530 Slendyne microphone. Harrison had a comic style reminiscent of Red Skelton.
Harrison was born in Spartanburg, South Carolina in January 1925. In 1941 Harrison was working as a counselor at a YMCA Boy's Camp on the Chesapeake Bay. While there, he installed a public address system to summon stray campers. This sound system was equipped with a powerful amplifier and three horn loudspeakers. Here he began his first experiments with vocal sound effects.
A short time later, Harrison was drafted into the Navy. During this time, he worked in special services entertaining the troops, and here developed an act which led to his winning five consecutive Horace Heidt Programs. After World War II, he went to University of Texas at Arlington (then known as Arlington State College) and studied electrical engineering. The Korean War broke out and he was called back into the Navy. Altogether, he spent eight years in the Navy.
Returning to civilian life, he appeared on the Arthur Godfrey talent scout show and won. He was on the original "Major Bowes Amateur Hour" back in the 1940s. Ted Mack (radio-TV host) gave him a real start and sent him on his way into show business. From that time on, things really started snow-balling for Harrison. He appeared on the Ed Sullivan, Jack Paar, Garry Moore, Mike Douglas, Dean Martin, Roger Miller, and the Merv Griffin shows, and filled a complete schedule of nightclub work.
During his career, Harrison contributed sound effects to many films such as "Peter Pan", "20,000 Leagues Under the Sea" and the "Tom and Jerry" cartoon series.
Harrison resided in Des Plaines, Illinois and flew his own plane. He continued to make public appearances later in life, often appearing at hunting and fishing expos around the country.

</doc>
<doc id="6976006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976006" title="Project Management Office">
Project Management Office



</doc>
<doc id="6976010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976010" title="NTV (Kenyan TV channel)">
NTV (Kenyan TV channel)

NTV is a Kenyan general entertainment channel. It used its current name in 2005. It is a popular TV station in Kenya along with Citizen TV, Kenya Television Network, Kenya Broadcasting Corporation among other Kenyan broadcasting channels. 
History.
As Nation TV, the channel launched at 8pm on 10 December 1999 on UHF channel 42 in Nairobi, becoming the sixth Kenyan TV station overall to launch.
The channel was rebranded on 11 May 2005 as a revamp from the previous Nation TV station under the Nation Media Group arm that has been in existence since 1997. The relaunch came with state-of-the-art technology new to a television station in East and Central Africa, as well as its OB van.
NTV adopted its current logo on 7 July 2009.
In March 2010, NTV was made available on DStv Mobile, while its terrestrial signal was made available in South Nyanza.
Per 2010 and 2011 Synovate surveys, NTV was the second most-watched channel in Kenya, behind Citizen. NTV shut down its analogue signal together with two competing private networks in late December 2013, as part of the migration to digital terrestrial television in Kenya.
YouTube presence.
In September 2007, NTV went online with its content on YouTube. Within the first month it received over 325,000 views, three honors, and an average of 4,000 views for every video uploaded. In mid-2012, NTV went live on YouTube. Following this move, the blogosphere was awash with accolades with NTV's US correspondent (BMJ) Ben Mutua Jonathan Muriithi terming it a techno-revolution for mass media among Kenyans across the globe.
Programming.
Some of the programmes available are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="6976012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976012" title="Kerala people">
Kerala people



</doc>
<doc id="6976013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976013" title="Attitude and Heading Reference Systems (AHRS)">
Attitude and Heading Reference Systems (AHRS)



</doc>
<doc id="6976017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976017" title="I'll Be Seeing You (song)">
I'll Be Seeing You (song)

"I'll Be Seeing You" is a popular song about missing a loved one, with music by Sammy Fain and lyrics by Irving Kahal. Published in 1938, it was inserted into the Broadway musical "Right This Way", which closed after fifteen performances. The title of the 1944 film "I'll Be Seeing You" was taken from this song at the suggestion of the film's producer, Dore Schary. The song is included in the film's soundtrack.
Background.
A resemblance between the main tune's first four lines and a passage within the theme of the last movement of Gustav Mahler's Third Symphony (1896) was pointed out by Deryck Cooke in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="6976019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976019" title="Kerala culture">
Kerala culture



</doc>
<doc id="6976021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976021" title="Operation Chastity">
Operation Chastity

Operation Chastity was a World War II plan by the Allies to seize Quiberon Bay, France, enabling the construction of an artificial harbor to support Allied operations in Northern France in 1944.
The artificial harbor was not developed, as the US VIII Corps failed to capture German-held areas that threatened the port. By the end of August 1944, Allied forces had captured all of Brittany except for the critical areas, preventing the further development of the operation. Following the capture of Antwerp and its port facilities in early September 1944, Operation Chastity was officially cancelled on 7 September.
The non-completion and eventual cancellation of Operation Chastity exacerbated strains on the Allied logistical system, may have prevented an Allied victory over Germany in 1944, and has been described as "the critical error of World War II", although other historians believe that priority was rightly given to the pursuit of the fleeing German forces.
Background.
One of the primary concerns when the Allies were planning Operation Overlord was the acquisition of deep-water ports. This was because the vital factor in its success was logistics, particularly American logistics, as the Twelfth United States Army Group would be operating further from the English Channel coast than the British 21st Army Group.
The Overlord plan envisaged the Allies establishing a secure lodgement west of the Seine and north of the Loire. From this base, the Allies would advance to Paris and then Germany, once sufficient forces and supplies were available.
The Overlord plan assumed that in the first weeks after D-Day, the Allied forces would be supported over the invasion beaches, and through two Mulberry harbours that would be assembled - "A" at Omaha Beach and "B" at Gold Beach. However, in the longer term and in order to handle the large quantities of reinforcements and supplies needed for the campaign, quayside discharge of Liberty ships would be necessary.
Therefore, one of the first objectives of the Overlord plan was to seize the port of Cherbourg. After this foothold was secured, the most important single strategic objective would be the capture and development of major ports.
Seven ports in Normandy were expected to be captured and opened in the first four weeks after D-Day: Isigny-sur-Mer, Cherbourg, Grandcamp-Maisy, Saint-Vaast-sur-Seulles, Barfleur, Granville, Manche and Saint-Malo. Except for Cherbourg, all were small and tidal, making Cherbourg the only major port supplying the Allied force. However, even Cherbourg was planned to develop a capacity of no more than 8 or 9,000 tons per day, while the minor ports were intended only as a stopgap.
The inadequate port capacity in Normandy meant that the Brittany ports would have to play the key logistical role. In fact, the overall success of Operation Overlord was predicated on organizing Brittany as the principal supply base for US forces and the importance of Brittany in the Overlord plan "can hardly be exaggerated". Therefore, the Overlord plan called for Brittany to be isolated and its ports captured. Only after the ports were seized would operations towards Paris and Germany begin.
However, all the ports were expected to have facilities destroyed, harbors blocked and approaches mined by the Germans, requiring extensive repairs before they could be used efficiently. Therefore, the planners concluded that the logistical capacity of the captured French ports would not be adequate to support the Allied liberation of France, and a new port had to be built somewhere in Normandy or Brittany.
Plan.
The solution to the Allies logistical problem was devised in April 1944 and given the name Operation Chastity. It involved constructing a brand-new, deep-water port at Quiberon Bay.
Quiberon Bay, a large estuary with four small ports, between Lorient and Saint-Nazaire on the southwest coast of Brittany, was sheltered by the Quiberon peninsula and a line of small islands, and the larger Belle Île. The Auray river had scoured a -long -deep pool between and wide with nearly vertical sides near the port of Locmariaquer.
Operation Chastity planned to construct floating piers in the pool, allowing large ships to tie up alongside, with causeways to carry cargo and troops to the shore. There would be room for offloading five ships simultaneously, providing a capability of 2,500 tons of supplies per day directly onto vehicles. A further 7,500 tons per day could be offloaded using lighters carrying supplies directly to the shore from thirty further ships moored in the pool.
The key advantage of Operation Chastity would be the ability to off-load Liberty ships sailing directly from the United States. A further advantage would be access to the relatively undamaged rail network outside the Normandy region, once a spur line and marshalling yard were constructed. The beaches of Quiberon Bay would also allow the unloading of LSTs at low tide.
Other attractive features of Operation Chastity were the sheltered anchorage in Quiberon Bay, that the port required only a fraction of the labor and materials committed to the Mulberry ports, and that it used standard components and available equipment.
However, the approaches to Quiberon Bay were covered by German coastal artillery at Lorient and on Belle Île and in the view of the planners, unless Brest, Lorient and Belle Île were captured, shipping cargo via Quiberon Bay would be, "impossible due to naval interference." Quiberon Bay was scheduled to be captured by D+40 with Brest and Lorient to fall by D+50. Planners thought that by D+60, British forces would be supported by the Mulberry ports, while American forces would be supported from Cherbourg, Saint-Malo, and Quiberon Bay.
Approval of operation.
The final plan envisaged the capture of Lorient, Brest, St. Malo and Quiberon Bay where the new port would be developed. Troops travelling direct from the United States were to disembark at Brest, and Quiberon Bay was to be developed into a major supply port. Between them, the four ports were expected to have a capacity of about 17,500 tons/day, with Quiberon Bay expected to land 10,000 tons/day.
Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force (SHAEF) approved Operation Chastity on 22 April 1944. As it offered the greatest potential to solve the Allies' logistical problems, it was given highest priority, and US Third Army was given the objective of capturing Brittany. The addition of Operation Chastity was the final major revision to the invasion plan.
Events.
The Omaha Beach Mulberry was abandoned after it was damaged by a storm on 19–22 June, however this loss was mitigated as the amount of supplies landed directly over the beach was far in excess of expectations. Although Cherbourg was captured on 27 June, the port had been destroyed and required rebuilding, resulting in it receiving only a trickle of supplies by the end of July.
In early July, an alternative to capturing Brittany was proposed: moving eastward to surround and defeat German forces west of the Seine, with supplies coming from captured ports on the Seine. Although the planners could see the advantages of the scheme, they insisted that US logistics depended on the Brittany ports and the Seine ports could not replace them. Therefore, both General Eisenhower and General Montgomery continued to stress the necessity of capturing the Brittany ports, recognizing that without them Allied logistics would be inadequate.
The capture of the Quiberon Bay area was deemed important enough that consideration was given to a combined airborne and amphibious operation, Operation Hands Up to capture the area but, as the operation was deemed risky, it was agreed that it would only be attempted in the event that the advance into Brittany was delayed into September.
Advance to Quiberon Bay.
By 1 August, after the success of Operation Cobra, Major General Troy H. Middleton's US VIII Corps of the US Third Army was advancing into Brittany and the US 4th Armored Division, led by Major General John S. Wood was thrusting south-westward from Pontaubault toward Rennes.
On 2 August, the 4th Armored Division was assembled north of Rennes. At this point, Wood proposed blocking the base of the Brittany peninsula at Angers rather than Quiberon, preparatory to moving his division eastward towards Chartres. After sending Middleton his proposal on the morning of 3 August, and anticipating no objection, Wood ordered his plan executed. That afternoon, Middleton instructed Wood to "Secure Rennes before you continue", implying consent for the alteration.
On 4 August, Middleton ordered the division to secure a line along the Vilaine River from Rennes to the coast, particularly the bridges at Redon and La Roche-Bernard, but with forces oriented eastward. This left the 4th Armored Division approximately ten miles away from Quiberon Bay, despite facing little opposition between there and its objective.
These dispositions were countermanded by Third Army's chief of staff, Major General Hugh J. Gaffey who ordered the 4th Armored Division to push "the bulk of the division to the west and southwest to the Quiberon area, including the towns of Vannes and Lorient in accordance with the Army plan."
The same day, Lieutenant General George S. Patton, commander of US Third Army, wrote in his diary, "Wood got bull headed and turned east after passing Rennes, and we had to turn him back on his objectives, which are Vannes and Lorient, but his overenthusiasm wasted a day."
Third Army's orders were complied with, and by 5 August US 4th Armored Division had reached the base of the Quiberon peninsula. Disorganized German forces were retreating into Lorient, Saint-Nazaire and up the Quiberon peninsula.
Failure to secure critical locations.
By 9 August, the 4th Armored Division had captured Rennes and was probing Lorient's defenses, but reported that they were too strong to be quickly captured. However, the German commander, General der Artillerie Wilhelm Fahrmbacher, later stated that had the Americans attacked Lorient in force between 6 and 9 August, they would probably have succeeded.
The 4th Armored Division contained the German forces in Lorient and the Quiberon peninsula until 13 August, when it passed from the control of the VIII Corps, Patton turning it eastward without capturing its key objectives and without replacing the armor with infantry.
Meanwhile, the rest of VIII Corps, along with other Allied forces, had liberated much of the rest of Brittany, with the Battle of Saint-Malo ending with the city's defenders surrender on 2 September. The Battle for Brest started on 25 August. However, the other critical location, Belle Île, was not cleared by late August.
Cancellation and aftermath.
By the end of August, all of Brittany except for the fortified areas of Brest, Lorient, Saint-Nazaire and the Quiberon peninsula were cleared. However, none of Operation Chastity's prerequisite locations had been captured, and their defenses were fully operational. Therefore, development of Quiberon Bay could not commence.
On 3 September, SHAEF ordered a general pursuit of German forces towards Germany regardless of the lack of the required logistical capacity. The Allied armies advanced swiftly, but the available port capacity supporting the pursuit was only about half of what was required. On 4 September, the British seized Antwerp with its port facilities intact. On 7 September, SHAEF cancelled the Quiberon Bay plan, and two days later, Eisenhower determined that none of the Brittany ports were needed.
However, Antwerp was inland, up the Scheldt estuary, which was heavily mined, and the approaches were still in German hands. II Canadian Corps fought the Battle of the Scheldt from 2 October to 8 November, and the first Allied ships docked in Antwerp on 28 November. A lack of supplies during the September to November period limited the Allies' ability to exploit the German collapse, and by December, the Allied drive towards Germany had come to a standstill.
Brest's defenders surrendered on 18 September 1944, but the port facilities were totally destroyed and were not brought back into operation. Lorient was never captured, surrendering only after the end of the war in Europe.
Debate on Operation Chastity.
The wisdom of the decision to abandon Operation Chastity has been the subject of debate, but the preceding failure to seize Quiberon Bay has been overlooked by many historians.
Negative opinions.
Those who regard Operation Chastity as a missed opportunity state that if the port on Quiberon Bay had been established, it would have given the 12th Army Group a high-capacity supply base with direct rail lines to the east, solving their logistical problems.
For example, Norman R. Denny of the U.S. Army Command and General Staff College stated that the logistics shortfalls that plagued the Allied campaign in Europe, due to the failure to implement Operation Chastity, "helped eliminate" the possibility of Germany surrendering in 1944. He further argued that the actions of Wood, Middleton, Patton, Lieutenant General Omar Bradley and Eisenhower made the advance into Brittany futile and endangered the Allied drive towards Germany. In particular, he argued that Wood's failure to capture the Quiberon peninsula was "tragic".
Similarly, Lieutenant Colonel Harold L. Mack, of the Communications Zone staff, described the failure to implement Operation Chastity as "the critical error of World War II". Mack places the blame for failing to capture Quiberon Bay primarily on Wood, who "had set his heart on participating in the main drive for Paris, where he could achieve fame and glory" and only half-heartedly carried out his orders, but accuses all Wood's superiors in the chain of command of failing to appreciate the "supreme need of taking Quiberon Bay".
Patrick S. Williams argues that SHAEF gambled that devoting the bulk of US Third Army to outflanking the German force in the Falaise pocket would mean a decisive victory over Germany could be attained before lack of logistics stopped the Allied advance, that a larger force should have been devoted to seizing the Brittany ports and that the decision to cancel Operation Chastity exacerbated the strain on an already fragile Allied logistical system. He states that the failure to implement Operation Chastity "may have prevented an Allied victory over Germany in 1944."
Positive opinions.
Those who disagree that Operation Chastity was a missed opportunity believe that priority was rightly given to the encirclement and subsequent pursuit of the routing German forces. They further contend that lack of supplies was not the limiting logistical factor, transporting supplies to a front that was rapidly moving east was, and Operation Chastity would not have greatly improved the transport situation.
For example, historian Basil Liddell-Hart said, "American spearheads could have driven eastward unopposed. But the Allied High Command threw away the best chance of exploiting this great opportunity by sticking to the outdated pre-invasion programme, in which a westward move to capture Brittany ports was to be the next step." Historian Russell Weigley regarded the commitment to Brittany as wasteful of resources better spent supporting the drive to the east.
Martin van Creveld argues that although Patton and his subordinates "ignored plans" and "refused to be tied down by logisticians tables", their rapid eastwards advance threatened to cut off the German forces, causing them to rout out of France. He also suggests that the Allied planners were overly pessimistic about the consumption of supplies and the capabilities of the logistics system. Additionally, the Allies possessed more motor transport than any other army and were operating in summer, over a good road network, without enemy air interdiction and amongst a friendly population.
After the war, Wood stood by his attempt to turn his division east instead of taking Quiberon Bay and Lorient, stating, "We were forced to adhere to the original plan... It was one of the colossally stupid decisions of the war."

</doc>
<doc id="6976025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976025" title="Wmacs">
Wmacs



</doc>
<doc id="6976040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976040" title="The Secret Value of Daydreaming">
The Secret Value of Daydreaming

The Secret Value of Daydreaming is the second studio album by English singer-songwriter Julian Lennon, released in 1986.
Background and recording.
After going on tour the previous year to promote his previous album, "Valotte", Lennon took a break to write material for "The Secret Value of Daydreaming". Recording took place in the Bahamas, at Compass Point Studios, with mixing at the Hit Factory in New York City.
Release.
"The Secret Value of Daydreaming" was released on 24 March 1986 on Charisma in the UK, and a day later on the 25th on Atlantic in the US. The album peaked at number 32 on the "Billboard" 200 chart upon its release. It was certified gold for sales of over 500,000 copies in the US by the RIAA on 22 May 1986. "Stick Around" reached number 1 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, and number 32 on the Hot 100 chart.
The album was reissued, along with "Mr. Jordan" and "Help Yourself", on 8 September 2009 by Noble Rot Records.
Track listing.
All songs written by Julian Lennon, except where noted.
Side one
Side two
Personnel.
Musicians
Production

</doc>
<doc id="6976052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976052" title="Claudio Vargas (footballer, born 1985)">
Claudio Vargas (footballer, born 1985)

Claudio David Vargas Villalba (born 15 October 1985) is a Paraguayan football manager and former player who played as a defensive midfielder. He is the current manager of Guaraní's reserve team.
Career.
He was on loan to Treviso in 2nd half of the 2006–07 season, and Luqueño in 2nd half of 2007–08 season. On 8 January 2010, Atlético Tucumán signed the Paraguayan midfielder from Club Olimpia.
In 2011 he played for Luqueño and for 3 de Febrero.
In 2012 he played for Luqueño.

</doc>
<doc id="6976055" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976055" title="Three circles">
Three circles

The three circles is an exercise / diagram used by recovering addicts to describe and define behaviors that lead either to a relapse into or recovery from addictive behaviors. Some treatment groups and twelve-step recovery programs related to behavioral addictions encourage recovering addicts to complete the three circle exercise to help the addict identify behaviors that promote or endanger their sobriety. The first use of the term is found in a pamphlet publication of Sex Addicts Anonymous, entitled "Three circles: Defining sobriety in S.A.A." Minneapolis, MN: SAA Literature (1991). It has since been republished.
When creating the three circles diagram, the addict draws three concentric circles, one inside the other (like a bull's eye). The addict then lists behaviors in each of the circles that reset, endanger or promote their sobriety.
The circles may also be referred to a "lines". Where "top line" corresponds to the outer circle, "middle line" corresponds to the middle circle and "bottom line" corresponds to the inner circle.
Inner Circle (or bottom line)
The addict lists behaviors they want to stop engaging in in the inner-most circle. Engaging in any of these "inner circle" or "bottom-line" behaviors would result in a loss of sobriety for the addict. Addicts typically consider their "sobriety date" to be the last day they engaged in these "inner circle" behaviors.
Middle Circle (or middle line)
The addict then lists "middle line" or "boundary behaviors" in the second or "middle circle." These include behaviors that may or may not be appropriate but lead to the bottom line behaviors listed in the inner circle. Examples of middle-circle behaviors include not getting enough sleep, overwork, procrastination, etc.
Outer Circle (or top line)Finally, the addict list their "top lines" or healthy behaviors in the "outer circle." These "outer circle" behaviors lead the addict away from the objectionable behavior listed in the inner circle. Examples include going to a recovery meeting, calling one's sponsor or other person in the addict's support group, spiritual reading, recovery writing, etc.
This visual image of three circles can help addicts realize when they are in trouble and what they need to do to move closer to their definition of a healthy behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="6976057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976057" title="I'll Be Seeing You">
I'll Be Seeing You

I'll Be Seeing You may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6976064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976064" title="Ocidelus">
Ocidelus

Ocidelus (or Ocodelus in KJV) is a character in the Greek version of the biblical Book of Ezra. His name is given in the "Codex Alexandrinus" as Okeidelos (Ωκειδηλος); in the "Codex Vaticanus Graecus 1209" and Henry Barclay Swete, as Okailedos (Ωκαιληδος); in the Fritzsche edition, Okodelos; and in the King James Version and Fritzsehe as Ocodelus.
Ocidelus was one of the sons of Phaisur, and a priest who had married a "strange wife" (1 Esdras 9:22). In the listing given in 1 Esdras, his name stands in the place of "Jozabad" in Ezra 10:22, and as such the International Standard Bible Encyclopedia suggests that this name is an apocryphal corruption.

</doc>
<doc id="6976074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976074" title="Ocodelus">
Ocodelus



</doc>
<doc id="6976096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976096" title="Ex-Girl">
Ex-Girl



</doc>
<doc id="6976098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976098" title="Claudio David Vargas Villalba">
Claudio David Vargas Villalba



</doc>
<doc id="6976100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976100" title="List of programs broadcast by Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation">
List of programs broadcast by Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation

IBC is a Philippine free-to-air television and radio network. It is the flagship property of Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation, a state broadcaster owned by the Government Communications Group under the Presidential Communications Office (PCO). It is headquartered on IBC Compound in Capitol Hills Drive, Diliman, Quezon City. The following is a list of all television programming that IBC is currently broadcasting since it began its television operations in 1960. Most of the programs are government media-produced, including from PTV and Presidential Communications Office, while fewer are independently produced.
Current original programming.
IBC is currently broadcasting twenty-five original programming.
Specials aired.
Below is a partial list of television specials that were previously aired and scheduled to be aired on IBC.
Sports coverages.
^in cooperation with AKTV/Sports5
1with Solar Sports
TV specials.
1 

</doc>
<doc id="6976104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976104" title="Flashpoint (movie)">
Flashpoint (movie)



</doc>
<doc id="6976119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976119" title="State Route 16 (Virginia 1918-1933)">
State Route 16 (Virginia 1918-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6976132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976132" title="Operation Alpenveilchen">
Operation Alpenveilchen

During World War II, Operation Alpine Violet () was a proposed German operation designed to help the Italians in 1941 break out of their Albanian colony and into Greece. This operation was never executed, primarily because of problems with supply and transportation.
In October 1940, the Italians invaded Greece without German help and were quickly driven back by the Greeks into retreat and into Albania. An Italian "Spring Offensive" in March 1941 made little progress and proved very costly for the few gains made.
In April 1941, the Germans launched Operation Marita () and the Italians in Albania were ultimately able to take advantage of German attacks elsewhere. By mid-April, the Greek forces in Albania were withdrawing. On 22 April, the 4th Bersaglieri Regiment crossed back into Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="6976138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976138" title="Mike Ellis (basketball)">
Mike Ellis (basketball)

Mike Ellis (born 27 July 1958) is an Australian former basketball player who captained the Perth Wildcats of the National Basketball League (NBL) for the club's first 11 seasons, and helped guide them to two championships in 1990 and 1991. Ellis' No. 6 jersey was retired by both the Wildcats and his junior association, the Warwick Senators.
Career.
Perth Wildcats.
Ellis played his entire NBL career with the Perth Wildcats, beginning with the club in their inaugural season in 1982 and captained the side every year until his final season in 1992. He helped the team win championships in 1990 and 1991. In 302 career games, Ellis averaged 12.6 points, 2.2 rebounds, 5.3 assists and 1.6 steals per game.
Between 1998 and 2003, Ellis served as an assistant coach with the Wildcats. He was elevated to head coach for the 2003–04 season, but was sacked after one season.
Ellis was named in the Wildcats' 30th Anniversary All-Star team.
Stirling/Warwick Senators.
Ellis began playing for the Stirling Basketball Association in 1974 in the pre State Basketball League (SBL) competition and was a member of the club's first premiership team the following year. In the early 1980s, Ellis averaged over 30 points per game for five consecutive seasons for the Senators. After a two-year stint with the Swan City Mustangs (1993–94), Ellis played a further three seasons with the Senators between 1995 and 1997.
Following his retirement, Ellis served as head coach of the Senators men's team between 1999 and 2001, earning SBL Coach of the Year honours in 2000.
Ellis returned to coach the Senators men's team between 2016 and 2021, winning the West Coast Classic in 2020.
In August 2021, Ellis was inducted into the Basketball WA Hall of Fame.
Personal life.
Ellis' father, Gordon, coached him at the Perth Wildcats in 1983. Gordon died four years later. Two of Ellis' brothers, Glenn and Brett, also played for the Perth Wildcats. Both of them also played in the SBL for the Swan City Mustangs and Stirling Senators. Ellis also has a third brother, Stephen, and has a wife named Robyn. Ellis and his wife have two sons, Cody and Skyler.

</doc>
<doc id="6976139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976139" title="Claudio David Vargas">
Claudio David Vargas



</doc>
<doc id="6976143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976143" title="Alexey Fadeyev">
Alexey Fadeyev

Alexey Fadeyev (); born 10 December 1977) is a Russian nordic combined athlete who competed from 1998 to 2002. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 5 km team event at the 1999 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Ramsau and finished 8th in the 15 km individual at those same championships.
Fadeyev finished 31st in the 15 km individual event at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City. His best individual career finish was 2nd in a 7.5 km sprint event in Planica, Slovenia in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="6976145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976145" title="Taito-ku">
Taito-ku



</doc>
<doc id="6976146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976146" title="WWE SmackDown! (video game)">
WWE SmackDown! (video game)



</doc>
<doc id="6976148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976148" title="Free and open-source software community">
Free and open-source software community



</doc>
<doc id="6976151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976151" title="Leprosy in China">
Leprosy in China

Leprosy was said to be first recognized in the ancient civilizations of China, Egypt, and India, according to the World Health Organization (WHO). Leprosy, also known as Hansen's disease, was officially eliminated at the national level in China by 1982, meaning prevalence is lower than 1 in 100,000. There are 3,510 active cases today. Though leprosy has been brought under control in general, the situation in some areas is worsening, according to China's Ministry of Health. In the past, leprosy sufferers were ostracized by their communities as the disease was incurable, disfiguring, and wrongly thought to be highly infectious.
Epidemiology.
Numbers.
500,000 cases of leprosy were registered in China between 1950 and 2002. Most of these sufferers have been cured but approximately 6,000 active cases remain today and about 2,000 new cases are detected and registered every year. Many more cases are not registered, partly through ignorance, but also because of the stigma associated with the disease. The number of cases reported has varied over time, with the number of cases declining between 1985 and 1993 but staying flat between 1994 and 2001.
There are estimates that show that there are 200,000 people in China today who have recovered from the disease but more than half (110,000) are disabled due to the disease, with conditions ranging from blindness to disfigurement. Although these former leprosy sufferers were cured in the last 50 years, many of them still suffer serious pain and difficulties because of these disabilities/deformities and the stigma. This social stigma has become the main problem in leprosy diagnosis and treatment, today.
Areas affected.
Mostly, cases of infection remain in impoverished parts in the southwestern provinces of Yunnan, Guizhou, and Sichuan, and Tibet in the west and Hunan in the south. Other provinces/municipalities affected on a smaller scale, are Anhui, Qinghai, Chongqing, Guangdong, and Shaanxi.
Transmission and pathology.
Contrary to popular belief, leprosy ranks low in terms of infectiousness and is not congenital. It is passed via respiratory droplets among people in close and prolonged contact. The transmission rate is low and 95 percent of people are naturally immune to it. Caused by the bacterium "Mycobacterium leprae", leprosy affects the skin, mucous membranes, peripheral nerves, and eyes. As nerve damage is permanent, even those who have recovered cannot feel pain. Minor cuts and abrasions on fingers and toes often turn into gaping, inflamed ulcers because of unsanitary living conditions. These open sores overrun the digits, which slowly shrink and many sufferers end up with stumps. Some have legs amputated.
Treatment.
In China, dapsone was used from 1946 to treat leprosy, but treatment of the disease took a leap in 1982 with the introduction of a largely successful multidrug therapy (MDT) using dapsone, rifampicin, and clofazimine. Today, therapy takes six months to a year. MDT treatment has been made available by the WHO free of charge to all patients worldwide since 1995, and provides a simple yet highly effective cure for all types of leprosy. If diagnosed and treated early, the disease leaves no traces. But in some places in China, stigma still surrounds the disease and victims do not seek treatment until it is too late.
Stigma.
In current-day China, leprosy is strongly associated with poverty and stigma remains a significant barrier to effective treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="6976153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976153" title="Claudio Vargas (soccer)">
Claudio Vargas (soccer)



</doc>
<doc id="6976160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976160" title="Free Software community">
Free Software community



</doc>
<doc id="6976162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976162" title="Realms of the unreal">
Realms of the unreal



</doc>
<doc id="6976164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976164" title="ID Magazine of Industrial Design">
ID Magazine of Industrial Design



</doc>
<doc id="6976168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976168" title="Magnetic propulsion">
Magnetic propulsion

Magnetic propulsion may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6976180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976180" title="Operation Accolade">
Operation Accolade

During World War II, Operation Accolade was a planned British amphibious assault on Rhodes and the Dodecanese Islands in the Aegean Sea. Advocated by the British Prime Minister, Winston Churchill, as a follow-up to the capture of Sicily in 1943 from Operation Husky, it was cancelled on 25 December 1943 to focus on the assault on Anzio. The allies did not, then, gain all of the Dodecanese. Most notably, the Germans still had possession of Rhodes. The operation in the Dodecanese, though, kept many German troops occupied in the area.
The Chief of the Imperial General Staff (CIGS) Alan Brooke was opposed to Churchill's "Rhodes madness", saying he had "worked himself into a frenzy of excitement about the Rhodes attack". Alan Brooke was opposed to it as a distraction from the Italian campaign and also as endangering their relations with the President (6,8 October 1943), although he also thought that Crete and Rhodes might have been easily captured earlier if the Americans had agreed, and "the war might have been finished by 1943". (1 November 1943) 

</doc>
<doc id="6976185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976185" title="Ibn Uthaimeen">
Ibn Uthaimeen



</doc>
<doc id="6976187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976187" title="Disciple (disambiguation)">
Disciple (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6976188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976188" title="Ljungan virus">
Ljungan virus

Ljungan virus was first discovered in the mid-1990s after being isolated from a bank vole near the Ljungan river in Medelpad county, Sweden. It has since been established that Ljungan virus, which is also found in several places in Europe and America, causes serious illness in wild as well as laboratory animals. Several scientific articles have recently reported findings indicating that Ljungan virus is associated with malformations, intrauterine fetal death, and sudden infant death syndrome in humans. In addition, studies are being conducted worldwide to investigate the possible connection of the virus to diabetes, neurological and other illnesses in humans.
Ljungan virus belongs to the genus "Parechovirus" of the family "Picornaviridae". Other members of this viral family include poliovirus, Hepatitis A virus, and the viruses that cause the common cold (rhinovirus). One of the earliest scientific discoveries regarding Ljungan virus was that infected wild rodents developed diabetes if they were exposed to stress. This has led to speculation that this disease may be the underlying cause of fluctuating rodent populations in Scandinavia; when rodents increase to high densities, they find it difficult to defend territory and obtain food, and then become more susceptible to predation. This stressful situation results in disease, death and population decline, leading to a pattern of cyclic variation in population size over time.
Viral classification.
Ljungan virus is a positive sense, single stranded RNA virus. Ljungan virus is a virus that contains an outer shell. This outer shell, or capsid is made up of proteins set up in an icosahedral formation. Unlike other picornaviruses, the capsid shell of Ljungan virus has some proteins that protrude and are markedly displaced from the remainder of the proteins.
Genome replication.
Cell entry.
There is a receptor for Ljungan virus on the outer membrane of a cell called integrin αvβ6. The viral Protein RGD is what binds the virus to the cell it is trying to get into. The protein rests in the more flexible areas of the capsid shell. Very little is known about how exactly the virus enters the cell. The virus can enter the cell through many different pathways, but most likely the integrin αvβ6 proteins on the host cell are still used.
Replication.
When the virus is replicating in cells, it typically uses the mechanisms already in the cell to replicate ins own genomic information. However, unlike many other picornaviruses, Ljungan virus does not completely shut down the host cell's ability to replicate its own genomic information. Protein synthesis is maintained and not disrupted in the host cell. Maintaining protein synthesis allows the virus to prevent normal cellular replication, but still allow for ribosome dependent translation to occur. The primary site for replication is also thought to be in the gastrointestinal and respiratory tracts.
Associated diseases.
Due to primary replication in the gastrointestinal tract, specifically the intestines, viral shedding can lead to many gastrointestinal issues. Diarrhea is one of the most common symptoms associated with being infected with picornaviruses, Ljungan virus included. As for respiratory disease and symptoms, there is evidence that Ljungan virus can cause respiratory disease. Wheezing and even contracting pneumonia have also been identified as symptoms of respiratory infection with Ljungan virus.

</doc>
<doc id="6976192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976192" title="Ulmus 'Morton'">
Ulmus 'Morton'

"Ulmus" 'Morton' (selling name ) is an elm cultivar cloned from a putative intraspecific hybrid planted at the Morton Arboretum in 1924, which itself originated as seed collected from a tree at the Arnold Arboretum in Massachusetts. Although this tree was originally identified as "Ulmus crassifolia", it is now believed to have been a hybrid of the Japanese elm ("Ulmus davidiana" var. "japonica") and Wilson's elm (formerly "Ulmus wilsoniana", but also sunk as "U. davidiana" var. "japonica"). has proven to be the most successful cultivar tested in the US National Elm Trial, averaging a survival rate of 92.5% overall. It had also become the most commonly planted elm in the US by 2023. 
Description.
The parent tree at the Morton Arboretum is noted for the resemblance of its habit to the American elm "Ulmus americana", its upright-arching branches creating the familiar vase-shape, although the tree does not grow as large as the iconic native elm, reaching scarcely 20 m at maturity. Its glossy, deep green leaves are also markedly smaller, rarely exceeding 8 cm in length. The tree is commercially propagated by grafting onto an "Ulmus pumila" rootstock.
 has a propensity to produce co-dominant stems and major branches with bark inclusions, demanding corrective pruning on at least an annual basis where planted in towns.
Pests and diseases.
In its 90+ years, the original tree at Morton has survived three epidemics of Dutch elm disease there unscathed. However, two trees included in trials at the University of Minnesota were found to be afflicted by the disease in 2004, although one appears to have recovered completely. The cultivar has also proved to be highly resistant to elm yellows and the elm leaf beetle "Xanthogaleruca luteola" , but not to the Japanese beetle, which can cause extensive foliar damage.
Cultivation.
 is reputed to grow well in almost all soils save those excessively wet, and is notably drought-tolerant and cold hardy. In artificial freezing tests at the Morton Arboretum the LT50 (temp. at which 50% of tissues die) was found to be −35.5 °C. The tree grows vigorously at first, gaining as much as one metre per annum, but slows to approximately half that rate with maturity. Thus, a typical 20-year-old tree could be expected to have reached 14 m in height with a crown about 5 m in width. Trees grown by Tollgate Education, Michigan State University, at Novi were the most vigorous and robust of the 37 different cultivars and species under assessment, described as looking like 'men among boys'. is being evaluated in the National Elm Trial coordinated by Colorado State University.
 was introduced to Europe in 2006 and is now in commerce in the Netherlands.
Hybrid cultivars.
 was crossed with the hybrid cultivar 'Morton Plainsman' =. A selection of the resultant seedlings was marketed under the name 'Charisma', later changed to 'Morton Glossy' =.

</doc>
<doc id="6976194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976194" title="Mr. Jordan">
Mr. Jordan

Mr. Jordan is the third studio album by English singer-songwriter Julian Lennon, released in 1989. It was Lennon's first album in three years, after taking a hiatus from the music industry.
Release.
It was released in March 1989 on Virgin Records. The album title is a reference to the film "Here Comes Mr. Jordan" (1941).
The album did poorly in the album charts, but the lead single, the David Bowie sounding "Now You're in Heaven", reached number one on the "Billboard" Album Rock Tracks chart.
"Cash Box" said that "Lennon explores his lower vocal range" in the single "You're the One."
The album was reissued, along with "The Secret Value of Daydreaming" and "Help Yourself", on 8 September 2009 by Noble Rot Records.
Track listing.
All songs written by Julian Lennon and John McCurry, except where noted.
Side one
Side two
German exclusive bonus track

</doc>
<doc id="6976199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976199" title="Womankind worldwide">
Womankind worldwide



</doc>
<doc id="6976200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976200" title="James woods">
James woods



</doc>
<doc id="6976204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976204" title="Nikolai Parfionov (skier)">
Nikolai Parfionov (skier)

Nikolai Parfionov (; born May 25, 1976) is a Russian nordic combined athlete who competed from 1998 to 2002. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 5 km team event at the 1999 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Ramsau and finished 25th in the 7.5 km sprint event at those same championships.
Parfionov's best individual career finish was 16th in the 7.5 km sprint event in Norway in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="6976214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976214" title="St Catherine's Hospital, Doncaster">
St Catherine's Hospital, Doncaster

St Catherine's Hospital was a mental healthcare hospital located in Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England, approximately from its centre. It is managed by Rotherham Doncaster and South Humber NHS Foundation Trust.
History.
St Catherine's Hall was built for George Banks, a local industrialist and former Lord Mayor of Leeds, in 1839. After the last member of the Banks family died, the house was auctioned and acquired by the Ministry of Health for use as a psychiatric facility becoming known as St Catherine's Institution in 1928.
After joining the National Health Service in 1948, the facility became St Catherine's Hospital in 1959. The hospital continued to provide mental health and learning disability services into 2010. It is located close to the Tickhill Road Hospital which is separate and provides a broader range of services.
In 2013 the hospital was renamed to St Catherine's House and was converted for use for a range of commercial purposes including office let, conference facilities and functions for the public. The building was brought under the management of Flourish Enterprises.

</doc>
<doc id="6976221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976221" title="I'll Be Seeing You (1944 film)">
I'll Be Seeing You (1944 film)

I'll Be Seeing You is a 1944 American drama film made by Selznick International Pictures, Dore Schary Productions, and Vanguard Pictures, and distributed by United Artists. It stars Joseph Cotten, Ginger Rogers, and Shirley Temple, with Spring Byington, Tom Tully, and John Derek. It was produced by Dore Schary, with David O. Selznick as executive producer. The screenplay was by Marion Parsonnet, based on a radio play by Charles Martin (1910-1983).
The soundtrack includes the song "I'll Be Seeing You", which had become a nostalgic hit that year, although it dated back to 1938. The film's title was taken from the song, at the suggestion of Schary.
Plot.
Social outcasts Mary Marshall and Sgt. Zachary Morgan meet while seated across from each other on a train bound for Pinehill. Zach, a victim of PTSD, then termed shell shock, has just been granted a ten-day leave from a military hospital to try to readjust to daily life. Mary, convicted for involuntary manslaughter, has just been given an eight-day furlough from prison to spend the Christmas holiday with her aunt Sarah and uncle Henry in Pinehill. Each harbours a secret. Mary lies to Zach that she is a travelling saleslady on her way to spend the holidays with her family, while Zach tells Mary that he is going to visit his sister in Pinehill. After the train pulls into the station, the two exchange names. Mary then goes to the Marshall home, where she is reunited with Henry, Sarah and cousin Barbara.
Zach, meanwhile, checks into the YMCA. Unsure of herself after a three-year confinement in prison, Mary laments the loss of her youthful dreams of having a husband and family. Soon after, Zach phones and Mary invites him to dinner. After the meal, Zach confesses to Mary that he has no sister and stopped in Pinehill just to be near her. He and Mary then attend a war movie, but Zach falls mute when Mary questions him about his own experiences in the war. While stopping at a café afterward, Zach panics when the soda jerk, Swanson, who is afflicted with a facial tic, recounts being shell-shocked during World War I. Apprehensive that his affliction will also result in disfigurement, Zach flees the café and is unable to share his fears with Mary.
Upon returning home, Mary, who is sharing Barbara's room, finds that Barbara has labeled her possessions. Realizing that Barbara distrusts her, Mary relates the circumstances that sent her to prison. After the death of her parents, Mary had gone to work as a secretary. One night, her wealthy boss invited her to dinner at his apartment and Mary naively accepted, believing that he was inviting her to a party. Shocked to discover that she was the only guest, Mary was then accosted by her drunken boss. While struggling to avoid his advances, Mary pushed him away, sending him to his death through an open window, and Mary was sentenced to six years in prison. At the end of Mary's story, Barbara, who is touched by her cousin's misfortune, begs her forgiveness.
The next day, Zach invites Mary to the lake and there explains his behavior of the previous night. After voicing his fears of becoming like Swanson, Zach asks Mary to help him believe in himself as she believes in herself. Over Christmas dinner at the Marshall house, Zach rhapsodizes about feeling at home with the family. Aware that her stay with the family is temporary, Mary becomes despondent and asks Sarah if she should tell Zach the truth. Sarah counsels her to remain silent. When Zach invites the Marshall family to the New Year's Eve party at the YMCA, Sarah buys Mary a new dress for the occasion. At the party, a US Senator solicits Zach's opinion as a soldier on political issues, and Zach outspokenly replies that each soldier is an individual and, as such, holds different opinions. While walking home with Mary after the dance, Zach is attacked by a dog and fends off the animal until its owner arrives to restrain it. As Mary bids Zach goodnight, she comments that he has regained his confidence and is now recovered. Knowing that they are both scheduled to leave the next day, Zach tries to discuss their future together; but Mary feigns sleepiness and asks to delay the discussion. Entering the house in tears, Mary confides her love for Zach to Sarah.
Meanwhile, after jubilantly returning to his hotel room, Zach suffers a relapse but is restored by recalling the sound of Mary's voice. The next day, Zach comes to the Marshall house to say goodbye. While alone with Zach, Barbara, not knowing that Zach is unaware of her cousin's conviction, mentions some of the details of Mary's prison sentence. Mary senses that something is wrong when Zach suddenly becomes distant and silently boards the train. Upon returning home, Mary discovers that Barbara has divulged her secret and collapses, weeping. But that night, as Mary approaches the gates of the state prison, Zach steps from the shadows to embrace her and declare his love.
Reception.
The film was a big hit, earning $3 million in domestic rentals. Producer Dore Schary's share of the profits came to $97,000.

</doc>
<doc id="6976226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976226" title="Charles R. H. Tripp">
Charles R. H. Tripp

Charles Rees Howard Tripp, (born 8 March 1952) is an academic and author specializing in the politics and history of the Near and Middle East.
Early life and education.
Tripp was born on 8 March 1952 in Sudan. He was educated at Winchester College, then an all-boys independent boarding school in Winchester, Hampshire, England. He then studied at New College, Oxford (BA) and the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London (MSc, PhD).
Academic career.
Tripp's main areas of research include the study of state and society in the Middle East, especially Iraq, and Islamic political thought.
He lectures on government and politics of the Middle East for both undergraduates and postgraduates at the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS), a college of the University of London.
Tripp is a world class specialist on Iraq and has contributed as regional expert to media broadcasters including the BBC and NPR, as well as to print media such as Foreign Affairs, The Guardian and the New Statesman. In the run up to the war against Iraq, Professor Tripp was part of a small team that visited 10 Downing Street in order to advise the prime minister, Tony Blair, on the consequences of going to war.
In 2007, SOAS appointed him Professor of Politics with reference to the Middle East and North Africa. On 19 November 2008, he gave his inaugural lecture as professor at SOAS entitled "The Riotous Politics of the Middle East", in which he was presented by Oxford International Relations professor Avi Shlaim. In 2017, he retired from SOAS and was made an emeritus professor.
In 2012, Tripp was elected a Fellow of the British Academy (FBA), the United Kingdom's national academy for the humanities and social sciences. From 2018 to 2022, he was Vice-President (British International Research Institutes) of the British Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="6976232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976232" title="US 221 (VA)">
US 221 (VA)



</doc>
<doc id="6976238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976238" title="Mohammed Sayed Tantawi">
Mohammed Sayed Tantawi



</doc>
<doc id="6976240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976240" title="Bengt Bengtsson Oxenstierna">
Bengt Bengtsson Oxenstierna

Bengt Bengtsson Oxenstierna af Eka och Lindö, Baron of Eka and Lindö (1591 at Frösvik near Rydbo – 1643 in Riga, Swedish Livonia), in non-contemporary sources sometimes referred to as Resare-Bengt "("Bengt the Traveller")", was a Swedish diplomat and noble, Swedish Privy Councillor, and Governor-General of Ingria and Livonia. He is mainly known for his extensive travels, as he was one of the few Swedish contemporaries who travelled to Persia, Palestine and Egypt.
Biography.
Bengt Bengtsson was a member of the influential Oxenstierna family and was born in 1591 to Bengt Gabrielsson Oxenstierna the Elder, councillor to Charles, Duke of Södermanland, Närke and Värmland (later King Charles IX), and his second wife Brita Posse.
As was customary in the Oxenstierna family, he was educated abroad and spent the years 1607–1613 travelling the European continent, studying at the German universities of Rostock, Jena and Wittenberg and visiting Poland and Italy. He visited Palestine in 1613 but was robbed and returned impoverished to Italy, where he entered the service of the Grand Duke of Tuscany, Cosimo II de' Medici.
In 1616 he travelled to the Middle East again, through Asia Minor to Aleppo, Baghdad and Isfahan, making him the first Swede known to have visited Safavid Persia. He entered the service of Shah Abbas I for a time. From there, he continued to Hormuz, seeking passage to India, but was forced to return to Isfahan by way of Shiraz. After travelling back through Baghdad, Aleppo, Palestine and Egypt, he reached Venice in 1619 and returned to Sweden in 1620.
On his return he entered royal service and was sent on a diplomatic mission to the Venetian Republic in 1621. During the 1620s, he followed King Gustavus Adolphus in the field, served under his cousin Governor-General Axel Oxenstierna in the Swedish administration in Prussia, e.g. as Governor of Elbląg in 1626, or was sent on diplomatic missions.
He was named Crown Equerry in 1627 and was appointed Governor of Swedish occupied Augsburg in 1632–33. In 1631, he headed diplomatic missions as extraordinary ambassador to France and the Netherlands. In 1634 he was appointed Governor-General of Swedish Livonia and Ingria and Master of Horse of the Realm, and was appointed to the Privy Council of Sweden alongside several of his Oxenstierna relatives in 1641. Oxenstierna died without issue in Riga in 1643.
Family and personal life.
The Oxenstierna family occupied many of the highest offices of the state during the reign of Gustavus Adolphus and Queen Christina's minority. Other well-known members of the same generation of the family included his older half-brother Gabriel Bengtsson, Lord High Treasurer of Sweden, and his cousins, Axel Gustafsson, Lord High Chancellor, and Gabriel Gustafsson, Lord High Steward.
Oxenstierna married Margareta Brahe in 1633, in her first marriage, which remained childless at the time of his death in 1643. His widow commissioned his final resting place, the Brahe burial chapel of Jäder Church east of Eskilstuna.
According to contemporary sources, Oxenstierna was able to talk, read and write in Swedish, Latin, French, German, Italian and Spanish and also spoke some Persian and Turkish.
Legacy.
The 20th century Swedish explorer and geographer Sven Hedin wrote a biography on Oxenstierna in 1918, popularising the moniker "Resare-Bengt", which however is posthumous and only recorded since the late 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="6976243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976243" title="Indian Science and Rationalists' Association">
Indian Science and Rationalists' Association



</doc>
<doc id="6976248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976248" title="Cao Zhenyong">
Cao Zhenyong

Cao Zhenyong (; 1755–1835) was a Chinese statesman of the Qing dynasty. He served in a leading position in the Grand Council under the Daoguang Emperor. He is widely believed to be responsible for the formalized style of government, which was promoted under the Daoguang Emperor's reign and contributed to the emperor's failure to reform the increasingly corrupt administration of the Qing Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="6976261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976261" title="Skjoldunga saga">
Skjoldunga saga



</doc>
<doc id="6976264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976264" title="Nandayus nenday">
Nandayus nenday



</doc>
<doc id="6976269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976269" title="Carlos Gurpegi Nausia">
Carlos Gurpegi Nausia



</doc>
<doc id="6976280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976280" title="Erotic comics">
Erotic comics

Erotic comics are adult comics which focus substantially on nudity and sexual activity, either for their own sake or as a major story element. As such they are usually not permitted to be sold to legal minors. Like other genres of comics, they can consist of single panels, short comic strips, comic books, or graphic novels/albums. Although never a mainstream genre, they have existed as a niche alongside but usually separate from other genres of comics.
During the mid-20th century, most comics were produced for children, and in North America the contents of most comics were constrained by the Comics Code Authority to be suitable for children. Consequently, erotic comics have sometimes been subject to criticism and extra scrutiny compared to other forms of erotic art and storytelling. Additionally, the application of laws against child pornography to materials featuring fictional characters with no legal ages, have varied internationally and regionally.
History.
Europe.
Erotica has been a feature of comics almost since the medium was developed. Marie Antoinette, Louis XVI, and other aristocratic subjects were caricatured in sexually explicit pamphlets such as "The Royal Dildo" and "The Royal Orgy".
In modern times, European countries have generally been liberal in allowing sexually explicit material in comics. In the 60s censorship in Italy led to comics for adults called fumetti neri that were filled with explicit pornographic scenes. Creators such as Milo Manara started as artists making those comics have produced a body of erotic comics since the 1970s. German cartoonist Ralf König began producing explicit gay-male comics in the 1980s. Belgian Tom Bouden has produced several albums featuring the sexual adventures of young gay men.
North America.
Some of the earliest erotic comic books in North America were so-called Tijuana bibles, which first appeared in the 1920s. They were typically eight-page black-and-white pamphlets featuring artwork that ranged from very good to very crude. The subject matter was usually sexual adventures of well-known comics characters, political figures, and movie stars, produced without permission. Sold under the counter in places such as tobacco stores and burlesque houses, millions of Tijuana bibles were sold at the height of their popularity in the 1930s. They went into a steep decline after World War II and by the mid-1950s only a small trickle of new product was still appearing on the market.
Men's magazines of the second half of the 20th century were common venues for erotic comics, particularly single-panel gags featuring naked women or couples in sexual situations. "Playboy" magazine debuted in 1953, and featured single panel cartoons by artists such as Alberto Vargas, Archie Comics artist Dan DeCarlo, Jack Cole, LeRoy Neiman, and later Olivia De Berardinis and Dean Yeagle. "Little Annie Fanny", a multi-page strip by Harvey Kurtzman and Will Elder, was a frequent feature through the 1980s. Annie had trouble keeping her clothes on, a trend seen also in the strips "The Adventures of Phoebe Zeit-Geist", Wally Wood's "Sally Forth", and "Penthouse"s "Oh Wicked Wanda!" by Ron Embleton. "Penthouse" would later put out a number of erotic comic magazines: "Penthouse Comix", "Penthouse Men's Adventure" and "Penthouse Max" with the likes of Adam Hughes contributing artwork. Most recently, "Penthouse" revived the series as "Penthouse Comics" and released it in an ongoing bi-monthly format in 2024.
Early comics produced for gay and bisexual male readers often focused on sexual situations, such as "Kake" by Touko Laaksonen ("Tom of Finland") in the 1950s and "Harry Chess" by Al Shapiro ("A. Jay") in the 1960s. Comics by creators such as Michael Kirwan and Brad Parker were popular in magazines featuring pornographic photos. The "Meatmen" anthology series, published from the late 1980s to the early 2000s, featured a variety of gay erotic comics by creators such as Belasco, John Blackburn, Bill Schmeling ("The Hun"), Shapiro, Jon Macy, Dom Orejudos ("Stephen"), Laaksonen, Bill Ward, and Oliver Frey ("Zack"). Although gay comics have expanded to cover a variety of genres, erotica has continued to be popular, sometimes incorporated into other genres, such as the erotic superheroes by Patrick Fillion published by Class Comics, and the wordless graphic novels written by Dale Lazarov.
Some erotic comics grew out of the underground comix scene, such as "Cherry" by Larry Welz, which parodied Archie Comics. The later rise of independent black and white comics publishers in the 1980s and 1990s include a number of erotic titles, such as "Omaha the Cat Dancer" by Kate Worley and Reed Waller, which combined sexually explicit material with a melodrama featuring anthropomorphic animals. Other so-called "furry" erotic comics emerging in this period were "Genus" and "Milk" published by Radio Comix. "XXXenophile" by Phil Foglio blended science fiction and fantasy scenarios with sexual situations, and the webcomic "Oglaf" by Trudy Cooper and Doug Bayne combines humor and diverse sexuality with medieval fantasy tropes.
In 1990, Fantagraphics established their Eros Comix imprint, reprinting titles by Wally Wood and Frank Thorne, Gilbert Hernandez' "Birdland", and dozens of other titles, eventually producing a backlist library of over 40 collected editions. The imprint was popular enough that it is credited with making the company otherwise known for its "artistic" and "literary" works financially solvent. By the late 1990s, the imprint was no longer profitable, and discontinued releasing new material.
In 2012, Iron Circus Comics revived the indie title "Smut Peddler" as a brand of erotic comics created by and for women (with male co-creators allowed on female-led teams), publishing both paperback anthologies of short stories, and longer stand-alone features.
Japan.
Sexual images have long been a part of Japanese illustrated art, such as "The Dream of the Fisherman's Wife" which depicts a woman in sexual congress with two octopuses. Such works were largely suppressed by the government, however. As the Japanese manga ("comics") market developed after World War II, erotic dramas such as "Ero Mangatropa" (1973), "Erogenica" (1975), and "Alice" (1977) were produced. In 1979, manga artist Azuma Hideo produced "Cybele", which featured sexually explicit stories with characters drawn in a cute, "cartoony" style, which led to the rise of lolicon anthologies featuring precocious girls, such as "Lemon People" and "Petit Apple Pie". Shotacon, a corresponding genre of erotic comics featuring precocious boys also developed. Erotic manga aimed at men are referred to as "seijin-muke manga" (成人向け漫画) or "ero manga", and those aimed at women are called "ladies comics" (レーディーズ・コミック).
In the 1970s, shōjo manga ("comics for girls") began featuring platonic relationship stories between boys, which developed into yaoi. This genre, created primarily by women for female readers, features stories of young men in romantic and sexual relationships, many of which are sexually explicit.
In the 1980s, Gengoroh Tagame began producing erotic manga drawn from his own sexual interests, featuring large, masculine men engaging in sadomasochistic sex with each other. Around these works developed the genre of bara manga, which features men in stories written for gay and bisexual men.
India.
Although production and distribution of pornography is illegal in India, it remains popular, and a small industry of erotic comics has developed there in the early 21st century. The series "Savita Bhabhi", about the sexual adventures of a bored, emotionally neglected housewife, has challenged these legal restrictions. Kirtu, the publisher of the webcomic also publishes other erotic comics series online on its website. "Savita Bhabhi" was later adapted into an animated web film of the same name in 2013 by Kirtu.

</doc>
<doc id="6976283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976283" title="John Harrison Minnick">
John Harrison Minnick

John Harrison Minnick (born October 16, 1877–1966) was an American educator, born at Somerset, Indiana.
Minnick graduated from Indiana University Bloomington with an A.B. degree in 1906 and A.M. degree in 1908. He was also educated at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, the University of Chicago, and other universities. For several years he taught in high schools in Indiana and Illinois, and from 1911 to 1913 he was critic teacher of mathematics at Indiana University Bloomington. For two years following he was instructor in mathematics at the Horace Mann School at New York City. In 1916 he became instructor of mathematics in the University of Pennsylvania and was successively assistant professor of education, professor of education, and dean of the school of education at that university. He was a member of many learned societies, wrote "An Investigation of Abilities Fundamental to Geometry" (1918), and developed standardized tests in geometry.

</doc>
<doc id="6976285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976285" title="Brotogeris chiriri">
Brotogeris chiriri



</doc>
<doc id="6976287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976287" title="Mahmood Saeed al-Tantawi">
Mahmood Saeed al-Tantawi



</doc>
<doc id="6976288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976288" title="Free software communities">
Free software communities



</doc>
<doc id="6976294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976294" title="Ten Sharp">
Ten Sharp

Ten Sharp is a Dutch band, sometimes labeled as a one-hit wonder group, because they are best known for their early 1990s hit song "You", a hit in 13 European countries in 1991 and 1992. The two band members are Marcel Kapteijn (vocals) and Niels Hermes (keyboards).
History.
Formation (1982).
Streets was a local band formed in the beginning 1982, when the two rival bands Prizoner and Pin-Up came together in the same room. Influenced by Thin Lizzy, they started writing symphonic rocksongs and played mainly in the city of Purmerend and the local area.
The first gig was at the Hutspop festival on 3 March 1982. The band at this stage was Marcel Kapteijn on vocals and guitar, Niels Hermes on keyboards, Martin Boers on leadguitar, Ton Groen on bass and Joop van de Berg played the drums. In the summer of 1982, Joop van de Berg was replaced by Wil Bouwes from Neon Graffiti. This would be the line-up until the break-up in 1987.
Streets (1982-1984).
In October 1982, the group was invited to record three songs at Vara's Popkrant, which resulted in national airplay. In April 1983, they played live at KRO Rocktempel which brought them to several record companies, but no one seemed to be interested. Around the summer of 1983, Niels Hermes' good old Fender Rhodes and ARP monophonic synthesizer were stolen. This resulted in buying the polyphonic Roland JX-3P and Yamaha DX7 synthesizers which caused a big change in sound.
Driven by this new impulse, they locked themselves in Fort Spijkerboor to write new songs to impress the record companies. When they got out in February 1984 with a brand-new demo, finally there was interest at CBS Records. In September 1984, they recorded three songs in Studio Spitsbergen with Michiel Hoogenboezem including a demo-version of "When the Snow Falls". The plans were there to release the first single, until the record company found out there was already another band in the US called Streets. The band had to change its name in October 1984. Ten Sharp was chosen because of the sound of the name.
First singles as Ten Sharp (1985-1987).
"When the Snow Falls" was the first single, released in January 1985. The song ended up in the Tip-parade and Vara's Verrukkelijke 15. It gave the band a lot of attention on radio and television. The second single "Japanese Lovesong" ended up in the charts (number 30) in July 1985, while having a busy schedule with live-performances through the club-circuit in the Netherlands. The next single "Last Words" failed to hit the charts and ended up in the Tip-parade in January 1986. The band shot their first video for the song.
After a year of recording demo's and touring through the Netherlands, they recorded their fourth single "Way Of The West" in February 1987, a guitar-heavy rocksong which failed immediately. CBS Records was not happy with the song and dropped the band. On 17 October 1987 they played their last show in Hazerswoude as a 5-piece band.
Career as songwriters (1987-1989).
Niels Hermes and Ton Groen did continue writing songs for other artists. In 1989, they contributed two songs for the National Songcontest, without success, and Niels played in the band of Conny Vandenbos.
After two years of songwriting, they asked Marcel Kapteijn to sing on the demos that already included "You" and "Ain't My Beating Heart". When Sony Music heard the demos they were very interested in the songs sung by Marcel, who was still fed up with the music business. Ten Sharp would be Marcel Kapteijn on vocals, Niels Hermes on keys and songwriting, and Ton Groen who provided the lyrics.
"Under the Water-Line" and commercial success from " You " (1991-1992).
It was the end of 1990, when they recorded 6 songs for "Under the Water-Line" at Studio Spitsbergen with producer Michiel Hoogenboezem. The name "Under the Water-Line" was chosen because of the way they liked to work: in the background.
The album was released on 13 April 1991, together with the single "You". The song became a national hit rapidly, and so did the album. By the time the single "Ain't My Beating Heart" was released, the 7-track album was expanded to a 10-track full album, for release in other countries. After the singles "When the Spirit Slips Away" and the re-release of "When the Snow Falls", they released the song "Rich Man" in March 1992, which resulted in their third hit from the album. At this time, "You" was just released across Europe, enjoying a lot of success. The band toured through Europe to promote the single on TV and radio stations. Because of the line-up, live performances were done only with piano and vocals, sometimes joined by Tom Barlage on saxophone. This continued until the fall of 1992.
"The Fire Inside" (1993-1994).
The second album was recorded in the fall of 1992, in the Wisseloord Studios, Hilversum with Michiel Hoogenboezem producing together with Niels Hermes. The record became more intense and intimate than its predecessor.
The album was released in May 1993, together with the single "Dreamhome (Dream On)" which entered the Dutch charts. The second single "Lines On Your Face" did not. In March 1994, "Rumours In The City" was released. The song was inspired by a promotional trip to Argentina in 1992. The video got support from Amnesty International with footage out of the archives of Amnesty. The single did enter the charts.
"Shop of Memories" and "Roots Live" (1995-1996).
In their third album, from February 1995, Ten Sharp returned as a full band, with the musicians Bennie Top (drums), Ton Groen (bass), Nick Bult (keyboard), Hubert Heeringa (saxophone, violin and horn) and Yelle Sieswerda (guitar). The album was followed by the Marlboro Flashback Tour in 1996, in which the band played songs from groups such as the Eagles, Steely Dan, Crowded House, Hall &amp; Oates, E.L.O., Steve Miller, the Rolling Stones and the Beatles.
During that tour, the album "Roots Live" was recorded. This live cover album was released on 2 November 1996.
"Everything and More - The Best Of" (2000).
On 13 May 2000 the band released a compilation album with 5 new songs. The singles "Beautiful" and "Everything" were released for this album.
The hit single 'Beautiful' was number one on the Argentinean charts.
"Stay" (2003).
On 1 March 2003 the album 'Stay' was released, with 12 new songs, in which Tom Bakker was responsible for a major part of the compositions. This time, the production was given to Peter van Asten.
Guitarist Rob Winter, bassist Giovanni Caminita, drummer Ton Dijkman, and Tom Bakker itself formed the backbone of the album 'Stay'. They, in turn, were accompanied by a string orchestra, the hammond of Nico Brandsen, the percussion of Antoon Toolsma and the brass work of the Jay Horns.
" You " (2009).
In March 2009, a remake of their hit single "You" was released.
"Maybe" (2016-2017).
On 9 November 2016 Ten Sharp met rapper Cho and Ali B in the Dutch TV show "Ali B op volle toeren" and they exchanged their musical approach to their hits: Cho and Ali B performed their version of Ten Sharp's "You" and Ten Sharp put Cho's "Misschien Wel Hè" in their own musical words. As a result of this exchange, Ten Sharp made a studio version of the song they performed called "Maybe", and this was released on Itunes, Spotify and YouTube on the same day as the encounter.
On 9 January 2017 a music video for this single was released on YouTube.
As of 2017, no full length albums were released, although they were still active as a band and performed live occasionally.
" Their Ultimate Collection" (2022).
In November 2022, the compilation album "Their Ultimate Collection" was released on CD and vinyl, featuring "You", "Ain't My Beating Heart", "Rich Man", "Japanese Lovesong", "When the Snow Falls" and more. Alongside this release, all the band's albums were finally released on the digital streaming platforms including Spotify, Apple Music and Deezer. Marcel and Niels promoted the album with selected TV and radio performances.
"Elke Dag / Every Day " (2023).
In 2023 Niels wrote their (first) Dutch single "Elke Dag" (and the english version "Every Day"). A very personal song, released in November 2023 and supported by a music video.

</doc>
<doc id="6976296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976296" title="Finger Five">
Finger Five



</doc>
<doc id="6976299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976299" title="Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush (film)">
Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush (film)

Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush is a 1968 British comedy film produced and directed by Clive Donner and starring Barry Evans, Judy Geeson and Angela Scoular. The screenplay is by Hunter Davies based on his 1965 novel of the same name.
Plot.
Jamie McGregor is a virginal sixth-former in a Swinging Sixties new town, delivering groceries for the local supermarket. However he is more interested in matters sexual and sets out to lose his virginity by attempting to seduce the local girls – Linda, Paula, Caroline, and his dream girl, Mary. He ultimately succeeds in bedding the sexually aggressive Audrey, only to learn too late that sex is not as important as he initially believed.
Production.
Filming.
The location for the film was Stevenage New Town, Hertfordshire. Buildings featured include Stevenage Clock Tower in the town centre, which was the first purpose-built traffic-free shopping zone in Britain. The sailing scenes at the "Botel" were filmed on Grafham Water, Huntingdonshire.
Music.
The music was released by United Artists Records on a soundtrack album in 1968. It has been re-issued on CD by Rykodisc. The Spencer Davis Group provided most of the music and made a cameo appearance in the film at a church fete. The title track "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush" was written and performed by Traffic. Traffic also have two other songs on the soundtrack album "Am I What I Was or Was I What I Am" and a version of "Utterly Simple" that is different from the recording used on the album "Mr Fantasy". Andy Ellison of the group John's Children also appears on the soundtrack album with the song "It's Been a Long Time".
Release.
It was listed to compete at the 1968 Cannes Film Festival, but the festival was cancelled due to the events of May 1968 in France.
Home media.
The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray officially for the first time by the British Film Institute (BFI) in September 2010 as part of its "Flipside" strand.
Reception.
Box office.
The film was the 14th-most popular movie at the Australian box office in 1969. It was the 10th-most popular film in general release at the British box office in 1968.
Critical reception.
"The Monthly Film Bulletin" wrote: "For teenagers and about teenagers, uncritically embracing the worst aspects of the adolescent's mentality ... the only incongruity about "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush" is that it should have been made by adults, so totally does it enter into the teenager's view of himself. ... In Donner's vision of Stevenage, it is not Jamie's sexual daydreams but his anxiety about his virginity which takes on the aspect of fantasy: the problem is no longer how to lose it so much as with whom. Girls from every walk of life offer themselves to him with alarming facility. And were the characters not such empty caricatures ... there would be a lot to say about the unpleasant, purely exploitative nature of all the relationships in this film; ... Inevitably, in this adolescent view of the world, the adult characters are also distorted caricatures ... But at least the sheer professional competence of Moyra Fraser and Denholm Elliott does occasionally provoke a reluctant smile."

</doc>
<doc id="6976300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976300" title="Tropheryma whipplei">
Tropheryma whipplei



</doc>
<doc id="6976301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976301" title="Skjoldunga Saga">
Skjoldunga Saga



</doc>
<doc id="6976303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976303" title="Feast of the Pheasant">
Feast of the Pheasant

The Feast of the Pheasant () was a banquet given by Philip the Good, Duke of Burgundy on 17 February 1454 in Lille, now in France. Its purpose was to promote a crusade against the Turks, who had taken Constantinople the year before. The crusade never took place.
There are contemporary accounts of the banquet (notably the "Memoirs" of Olivier de la Marche, and the "Chroniques" of Mathieu d'Escouchy), which name and describe in much detail the lavish entertainments staged during the meal and even the various pieces of music performed, perhaps including Dufay's motet "Lamentatio sanctae matris ecclesiae Constantinopolitanae". At one point in the entertainment, according to the chronicles, an actor dressed as a woman in white satin clothes, personifying the Church of Constantinople (according to one hypothesis, played by Olivier de la Marche himself) entered the hall of the banquet riding on an elephant, led by a giant Saracen, to recite a "complaint and lamentation in a piteous and feminine voice" (""), requesting aid from the Knights of the Golden Fleece. It has been surmised that this was the moment when Dufay's motet would have been performed; other authors have conjectured that it was merely a moment of inspiration and that the motet was actually written later.
We are also told which music by Gilles Binchois was performed and of 24 musicians playing inside an enormous pie and a trick with a horse riding backwards.
The oath taken by the participants, the () was in the tradition of the "bird oaths" of Late Medieval France as popularized in the 14th century romance of the "Voeux du paon".

</doc>
<doc id="6976309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976309" title="Skjoldungasaga">
Skjoldungasaga



</doc>
<doc id="6976314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976314" title="Brotogeris versicolurus">
Brotogeris versicolurus



</doc>
<doc id="6976315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976315" title="Ornimegalonyx">
Ornimegalonyx

The giant Cuban owl or giant cursorial owl (Ornimegalonyx) is an extinct genus of giant owl that measured in height. It is closely related to the many species of living owls of the genus "Strix". It was a flightless or nearly flightless bird and it is believed to be the largest owl that ever existed. It lived on the island of Cuba.
The first fossil specimen was mistakenly described as a bird in the family Phorusrhacidae, in part because the bones were so large. In 1961, Pierce Brodkorb reviewed the findings and identified them to have belonged to an owl. Remains have been found in cave deposits from the Late Pleistocene period (126,000 to 11,700 years ago).
Taxonomy.
In the past, three additional species of "Ornimegalonyx" besides "O. oteroi" were regarded as valid. All were described in 1982 and include:
A 2020 study concluded that those species are all synonyms of "O. oteroi", and describe a new valid species, "Ornimegalonyx ewingi", from material formerly assigned to the prehistoric horned owl "Bubo osvaldoi".
"Ornimegalonyx arredondoi" is a "nomen nudum"; the name was proposed for this species before it was described but "oteroi" was eventually adopted by Oscar Arredondo (according to the rules of the ICZN, naming a species after oneself is not prohibited, but it is frowned upon as vain by the scientific community).
Description.
Arredondo estimated the height of "Ornimegalonyx" to have been tall. It had very long legs for its size, but was bulky overall and probably short-tailed. Its body mass in life is initially estimated to have been approximately , but later studies suggest a mass of . The modern owl that most resembles the Cuban giant owl in proportions is probably the dainty and quite small burrowing owl, the only surviving owl closely tied to the ground. This implies similar adaptations to the terrestrial lifestyle, but not a close phylogenetic relationship.
The legs and feet of the Cuban giant owl appear to be very large and powerfully built. This supports the theory that they were strong runners, hence the alternate name, cursorial. The keel of the sternum was reduced and the owl may have been capable of short burst of flight. It is probable that, like a modern wild turkey, the owl only took flight when extremely pressed, more often choosing to run. The females of this owl species were larger than the males.
Diet.
The Cuban giant owl is believed to have preyed principally on large hutias, including "Capromys", "Geocapromys", and "Macrocapromys" (the latter being the size of a modern nutria or capybara) and the ground sloths "Cubanocnus", "Miocnus", "Mesocnus", and "Megalocnus", some of these sloths being roughly the size of a black bear. It was probably an ambush predator that would pounce on unsuspecting prey with its crushing talons.

</doc>
<doc id="6976318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976318" title="Feast of the pheasant">
Feast of the pheasant



</doc>
<doc id="6976329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976329" title="Womankind Worldwide">
Womankind Worldwide

Womankind Worldwide is a UK-based, feminist global women's rights organisation that works in solidarity with women's movements around the world to bring about lasting change in women's lives. Founded in 1989, Womankind partners with women's movements in Africa and Asia to support them in their efforts to change discriminatory laws and policies, challenge gender norms and stereotypes, and provide transformative programmes and services to women and girls.
In nearly 30 years, Womankind, together with its partners, has supported over 18 million women and girls across more than 70 countries.
Background.
Founded by Sir Alec Reed, Womankind was launched on International Women's Day on March 8, 1989. Kate Young was appointed as executive director. On March 8, 2019, the charity will celebrate its 30th anniversary.
Approach.
Womankind does not have staff or offices in the countries where they work - instead, they support existing women's movements to strengthen and grow to support women's rights in their local and national contexts. Womankind does this by providing technical support, communications, connectivity and shared learning, advocacy platforms, and funding opportunities.
Together with their partners, Womankind takes a three-pronged approach, working towards:
Aims.
Womankind works with its partners in pursuit of three main aims:
Focus countries &amp; partners.
In 2016-2017, Womankind identified five focus countries on which to focus the majority of their work:
Ethiopia.
In Ethiopia, Womankind works with a number of partners focusing on issues including sexual violence, disabilities, entrepreneurship among women, feminist education, and safe houses and shelters for women escaping violence. For example, they are currently supporting partner Setaweet to introduce feminist curriculum to secondary schools in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Kenya.
Womankind's partners in Kenya work primarily around legal advocacy for women's rights, providing free legal services to women, and lobbying and advocating for women with disabilities. Currently, they are working in long-term partnership with Federation of Women Lawyers - Kenya to increase women's political participation and access to justice, as well as strengthen community response to early and forced marriage as well as female genital mutilation (FGM).
Nepal.
In Nepal, Womankind supports partners working primarily with Dalit women, women with disabilities, and indigenous women to enable them to participate in the country's women's movement. Other partners are working or have worked around producing feminist research, guaranteeing the rights of lesbian, bisexual and transgender women, gender-based violence, and women's broader political participation. For example, Womankind partner Feminist Dalit Organization - FEDO lobbying efforts prior to Nepal's 2017 local elections helped result in nearly 7,000 Dalit women being elected to local governments across the country.
Uganda.
Womankind's partners in Uganda work around several issues including gender-based violence, environmental causes, and issues affecting rural women. In March 2018, Womankind and partners National Association of Professional Environmentalists and National Association for Women's Action in Development published "Digging Deep", a feminist research report revealing the harmful impacts of Uganda's land rush on women.
Zimbabwe.
In Zimbabwe, Womankind is supporting partners in strengthening civil society prior to the 2018 general elections, supporting feminist research and documentation in the countries, increasing the voices of lesbian, bisexual and transgender women, supporting women with disabilities, and advocating for improved access to justice, among other issues. For example, through Womankind's partnership with Zimbabwe Women Lawyers Association, the organization provides legal services to women for cases on domestic violence, divorce, land and property disputes, and child support.
Other countries.
In addition, the charity continues to work with partners in Afghanistan, Bolivia, Ghana, Liberia, Peru, Sierra Leone, Tanzania, and Zambia.
Media &amp; campaigns.
Womankind is active on social media, including on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram. Their website also hosts an active blog, as well as case studies featuring women impacted by Womankind's partners. In the media, Womankind has been featured in the Huffington Post, the Independent, and the Guardian.
The organization is also active in advocacy and campaigning efforts, partaking in annual campaigns for 16 Days of Activism as well as International Women's Day.

</doc>
<doc id="6976335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976335" title="Ttf">
Ttf



</doc>
<doc id="6976337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976337" title="John Boylan (music producer)">
John Boylan (music producer)

John Patrick Boylan (born March 21, 1941) is an American record producer, musician, songwriter, music publisher and A&amp;R executive.
Early life.
The eldest of six children, Boylan was born on March 21, 1941, in Brooklyn, New York. His father, John Wilson Boylan, M.D., was a physician and educator and his mother, Jean Curtin Boylan, was a homemaker. He grew up in Buffalo, New York where his father taught at the State University of New York at Buffalo Medical School, and he credits the city's lively music scene as an early influence. In the mid-1950s, the family lived for two years in Cambridge, England, and Boylan attended The Leys School there, which he credits for further broadening his musical horizons.
Career.
After graduating from Bard College as a Theatre Arts major, Boylan moved to Greenwich Village in New York City. With his brother Terence Boylan, he formed a folk-rock band called the Ginger Men, playing mostly at the Night Owl Café, home base of the Lovin' Spoonful, James Taylor (with his band, Flying Machine), Richie Havens, and other artists of that era. When the band dissolved, he and his brother were signed as staff songwriters at Koppelman-Rubin Associates, home of John Sebastian, Tim Hardin and other hit songwriters. While on staff there, the brothers recorded a concept album for Verve/Forecast called "Playback" by the Appletree Theatre, a collection of songs interspersed with social commentary.
In late 1967, one of Boylan's songs was recorded by Rick Nelson, and he was asked to produce the next Nelson album, "Another Side of Rick", for Decca Records, Over the next two years, Boylan put together a backup group for Rick called the Stone Canyon Band which included ex-Poco bassist Randy Meisner, and produced a comeback hit for Rick with the Bob Dylan song, “She Belongs to Me.” During that time, Boylan decided to move to Los Angeles and in 1969, he produced the Association, including a soundtrack project for the film “Goodbye, Columbus.”
With his next project, producing the influential bluegrass group, the Dillards, Boylan became part of the burgeoning country-rock movement centered around the Troubadour nightclub in West Hollywood. In 1970, he was approached by Linda Ronstadt who asked him to produce her next record and to help her put together a backing band for her as he had done for Rick Nelson. First to be hired were Glenn Frey of the duet group Longbranch Pennywhistle, and Don Henley of the Texas band, Shiloh. While on their first tour in April, 1971, Glenn and Don decided to form their own band. With Ronstadt and Boylan's help, they recruited Randy Meisner from the Stone Canyon Band and Bernie Leadon from the Flying Burrito Brothers. The new group, now called Eagles, was signed by David Geffen to his management firm and to his new label, Asylum Records.
While working on her new album with Boylan producing, Linda parted ways with her former manager. Boylan suggested she ask Peter Asher, who was managing his friend James Taylor, but unfortunately, Asher had a conflict and was unable to accept at that time. Linda asked Boylan to fill in and take over as manager. For the next two years, Boylan handled her career and produced two albums, including the platinum-selling "Don’t Cry Now". In addition, he engineered her transfer from Capitol to Asylum Records. In mid-1973, Peter Asher became available again, and took over Linda's management.
In 1974, Boylan reactivated his publishing company, Great Eastern Music, to administer his own material, and went back to fulltime record production as an independent. In the mid-1970s, he worked on projects by Brewer &amp; Shipley, Pure Prairie League, Danny O’Keefe, and Commander Cody and His Lost Planet Airmen.  His next project, however, arrived from an unlikely source. When his friend Paul Ahern, who had been working in promotion at Atlantic Records, played him a demo tape of an unknown band from New England, Boylan came on board as co-producer, part of a package they shopped to Epic Records. The subsequent album, recorded with the band's leader and co-producer Tom Scholz, was titled "Boston", and became the best-selling debut album in history, over 20 million units worldwide.
Shortly after delivering the finished master of "Boston" to Epic Records, Gregg Geller, then the head of A&amp;R for Epic Records in Los Angeles, offered Boylan a position at the label, where he spent the next twelve years, rising to the position of vice-president. During his time at Epic, he worked with many of the label's artists, including as Executive Producer for REO Speedwagon's platinum album, "You Can Tune a Piano but You Can’t Tuna Fish", and for the multi-platinum follow-up album by Boston, "Don’t Look Back." As an A&amp;R Executive, along with colleague Dick Wingate, he signed the new-wave group, 'Til Tuesday, fronted by songwriter Aimee Mann. His contract also allowed him to produce one album a year for an outside label.
In the mid-1970s, Boylan was invited as a guest speaker by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand (now called Recorded Music NZ). During that time he also visited Australia and was impressed by several of the local artists in both countries, notably New Zealand's Split Enz and Australia's Little River Band.
The next in-house project that Boylan produced was an artist already signed to Epic, the Charlie Daniels Band. Working in Nashville, they recorded Charlie's breakthrough album, "Million Mile Reflections", featuring the Grammy-winning single, “The Devil Went Down to Georgia,” which reached Number One on the Billboard Country Charts, Number Three on the Pop Charts, and was featured in the film, "Urban Cowboy". Boylan went on to produce six more studio albums with the CDB, as well as numerous live recordings.
After Boylan had praised the music he had heard Down Under to Capitol Records A&amp;R chief Rupert Perry, he was offered a chance to produce the Little River Band, newly signed to EMI in Australia and Capitol Records in the U.S. He traveled to Melbourne in early 1977 and recorded the album "Diamantina Cocktail", including the hit singles, “Help Is on Its Way” and “Happy Anniversary.” Again in 1978 and 1979, Boylan returned to Australia to record "Sleeper Catcher" and "First Under the Wire," both platinum sellers which yielded four chart singles.
David Geffen brought Boylan his next project, an unknown band from Portland, Oregon called Seafood Mama. Signed to the newly formed Geffen Records by A&amp;R executive Carole Childs, the group took on a new name, Quarterflash. Produced by Boylan, their eponymous debut album was released in 1981 and contained the hit singles, “Harden My Heart” and “Find Another Fool.” Boylan went on to produce their next album and a concert video for Cinemax.
In the late 1980s, CBS sold its two record companies, Columbia and Epic, to the Sony Corporation and Boylan became an independent producer and publisher again.
Through the 1990s, he worked with Carly Simon and Nelson, the group fronted by the sons of Rick Nelson who had given Boylan his start as a producer. He also continued his working relationship with Little River Band and with Charlie Daniels, producing Charlie's only children's project for Sony Wonder.
In the early 2000s, Linda Ronstadt called Boylan and asked him to co-produce a classical album with her, after which he co-produced her next two albums, "A Merry Little Christmas", and "Hummin' to Myself". In 2004, he once again was asked to become her personal manager. In 2010, Ronstadt retired from singing for health reasons, and Boylan continued working with her on catalog releases and other projects, including a memoir, "Simple Dreams", that was sold to Simon &amp; Schuster and became a New York Times best-seller. For three years after the book's publication, they toured with a one-woman show in which Ms. Ronstadt talked about the book and her career, showing slides and presenting musical clips.
In 2019, working with directors Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman, and producer James Keach, Boylan did the music supervision for the acclaimed documentary "Linda Ronstadt – The Sound of My Voice", which premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival and was broadcast by CNN. The production won a Grammy for Best Musical Film.
In 2021, he engineered the sale of Ronstadt's catalog to Iconic Artists Group, headed by longtime friend Irving Azoff. Boylan is acting as liaison between Linda and the company for future projects. In 2022, Boylan partnered with James Keach to produce an authorized biographical feature film about the life and career of Linda Ronstadt, based on her memoir.
Film and television work.
Throughout his career, Boylan has produced music for the film industry, beginning in 1969 with the Paramount release, "Goodbye, Columbus". The most notable soundtracks he worked on were "Urban Cowboy", "Footloose", and "Cry-Baby".
Children's music.
In 1990 Boylan produced two albums starring the cast of the animated TV show, "The Simpsons". He also produced albums by the Chipmunks, The Muppets, and a project for Sesame Workshop called "Elmopalooza", which starred Jon Stewart and musical guests. A TV special aired on ABC in 1998, and the CD from the special won a Grammy for Best Children's Album.
Teaching.
In 1990, Boylan began teaching part time at UCLA Extension. His course, Record Production 448.6, was offered every fall semester until 2001, when he left Los Angeles and re-located to New York. Upon his return to Los Angeles in 2003, he began guest lectures at Citrus College and in 2005 he joined the Adjunct Faculty, teaching three courses: in the Recording Arts Department, he taught REC 145 (Critical Listening for Audio Engineers), and REC 245 (Careers in the Music Industry for Audio Engineers), and in the Music Department, he taught MUS 254, a Songwriter's Workshop. He retired from teaching in June 2022, but continues to do guest lectures there and at other colleges.

</doc>
<doc id="6976338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976338" title="Eurofest '75">
Eurofest '75

Eurofest '75 was an International Youth Conference and Evangelistic Campaign organised by the Billy Graham Organisation in Brussels, Belgium. It followed on from "Spree '73" held in London. The General Secretary for both was Harvey Thomas.
Graham preached from Phillipians teaching on the connections between joy and prayer - two of the book's major themes. He insisted: "Young people should learn to pray."
The festival took place from 24 July - 2 August 1975, in the Centenary Palace Exhibition Halls whilst the public Campaigns were in the near-by Heysel Stadium, Brussels.
Personnel.
Many well-known evangelical figures first came to prominence at the festival, such as Luis Palau, Bishop Festo Kivengere, Annie Vallotton the French-Swiss Good News Bible illustrator and Manfred Siebald the German singer-songwriter. Vallotton gave a talk each morning before the Bible expositions, that she illustrated on an overhead projector, fitted with an acetate scroll.
Committees.
Executive committee.
Chairman: Werner Bürklin (Federal Germany)
Vice-Chairman: Brian Kingsmore (Ireland)
Secretary: Elon Svanell (Sweden)
Richard Bewes (U.K)
Ingulf Diesen (Norway)
Juan Gili (Spain)
Gien Karssen (Netherlands)
Elio Milazzo (Italy)
Richard Møller Petersen (Denmark)
Herbert Müller (Federal Germany)
Jean-Jacques Weiler (France)
Programme Committee.
Chairman: Richard Bewes (U.K.)
Vice-Chairman/Training: Arnold van Heusden (Netherlands)
Vice-Chairman/Music: Svante Widen (Sweden)
Maisie Adamson (Ireland)
Ruth Büchli (Switzerland)
Hermogenes Fernandez (Spain)
Herbert Müller (Federal Germany)
Yves Perrier (France)
Paul Vandenbroeck (Belgium)
Prayer Committee.
Chairlady: Eliana Vuffray (Switzerland)
Moises Gomes (Portugal)
Sheila Stone (U.K.)
Veli-Pekka Toiviainen (Finland)
Dora Winston (Belgium)
Administration.
General Director: John Corts
General Secretary: Harvey Thomas
Full-time co-ordinators.
German-speaking Europe: Hans-Jürgen Beulshausen
Iberia: Hermogenes Fernandez
Denmark and Norway: Peter Hofman-Bang
Finland and Sweden: Peo Lannerö
Greece and Italy: Salvatore Loria
Ireland: Cassells Morrell
Netherlands: Bouke Ottow
Great Britain: Tony Stone
French-speaking Europe: Jean-Jacques Weiler
The Co-ordinators were also supported by more than 3,000 district and local voluntary representatives.
Developers.
The morning programmes and materials were developed by:-
Expositors.
Anglican Bishop Festo Kivengere (Uganda) and evangelist Luis Palau (Argentina &amp; USA) led the Bible expositions. The handbook labelled Palau "Mexico" as he recently had been a Missionary there.
Seminar teams.
Apostolos Bliates (Greece); George Brucks (Netherlands); Alain Burnand (Switzerland); Alain Choiquier (France); Gert Doornenbal (Netherlands); Knut Magne Ellingsen (Norway); Bill Freel (U.K.); Juan Gili (Spain); Charles Guillot (France); Martin Homann (Federal Germany); Tom Houston (U.K.); Brian Kingsmore (N. Ireland); Alfred Kuen (France); Kalevi Lehtinen (Finland); Johannes Lukasse (Belgium); Elio Milazzo (Italy); Yves Perrier (France); Bernhard Rebsch (Federal Germany); Dagfinn Saether (Norway); Anton Schulte (Federal Germany); Hugh Silvester (U.K.); Emmanouel Smpraos (Greece); Theo Sorg (Federal Germany); Don Stephens (Switzerland); Billy Strachan (U.K.); Don Summers (U.K.); Paul Vandenbroeck (Belgium); Virgilio Vangioni (Spain); Jim Wilson (Switzerland).
Music.
The Finnish group "Treklangen" sang the theme song: "I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord" by Dallas Holm. They recorded on the Pilot label in English and Swedish as well as their own language.
One of the special guests was Cliff Richard. He was secured for the conference too late to be mentioned in the handbook. Choralerna, who had featured at "Spree '73", performed their gospel oratorio "Living Water". The Dutch gospel band 'The Lighters' also gave several performances.
The organisers wanted to cater to all tastes, so they invited a selection of groups and singers from all over Europe.
The resident staff musician was Peter Bye (U.K.) who, with his band and vocal group, led the morning music spots and accompanied the other sessions.
The handbook in each Eurofest language included a songbook of 28 songs. The words for most of the songs were translated, if not original, and a further six remained untranslated. The non-English songs in the English handbook were:
6. GUD JEG VIL VÆRE KRISTEN (Norwegian)
16. MIJN VADER, DANK U WEL (Dutch)
17. OH, JOVENES VENID (Spanish)
20. QUAND LES MONTAGNES (French)
22. SIGNOR T'ADORIAMO (Italian)
26. VERGISS NICHT ZU DANKEN (German)
The non-English handbooks did not translate number 21. SEEK YE FIRST, as it had recently been written (1973) by Karen Lafferty.
Languages.
Delegates registered in one of seven official languages. On sign-in they were given a handbook in that language and a colour coded wristband for access to the site. The languages were: English - pink; French - blue; German - yellow; Italian - green; Dutch - white; Spanish - orange and Norwegian - violet.
There were seminars in each of the seven Eurofest languages, as well as in Finnish and Greek. Most seminars had a "Teach Team" of two people that shared the teaching.
The meetings were held in the main hall that was divided into eight language areas with wide walkways in between. They were simultaneously translated from English into the other six official languages delivered by overhead speakers in the language areas. English speakers were told to sit anywhere so that their area could be used for on-the-ground simultaneous translation into the additional seminar languages of Finnish and Greek as well as Swedish and other languages.
Minigroups.
All participants were assigned a "minigroup" of 8 - 10 people with a leader to work through each day's Worksheet based on the seminar and pray together. "Minigroup" was the organisers' term for cell group. Some worksheet questions required further subdivision (in half or in partners) to achieve the best group dynamic for the task.
Daily Timetable.
+Optional programme.
Options offered for the 14.00 - 18.00 slot included:
Special interest seminars.
Stott's seminar on leadership was originally intended for "pastors or those interested in full-time service". Graham believed that Stott deserved a wider audience, so he up-graded it to a plenary session that he chaired so that "everyone could be present".

</doc>
<doc id="6976339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976339" title="Swfmill">
Swfmill

swfmill is a free software (GPL v2) command line tool that generates SWF files.
It is an XML-to-SWF and SWF-to-XML processor. It uses "SWFML", an XML dialect closely modeled after the SWF format. It comes with XSLT capabilities, and a more accessible dialect of SWFML to generate SWF files.
swfmill may be used to generate SWF files that contain library assets for use with MTASC. Currently, it imports images (JPEG, PNG), fonts (TrueType), SVG and other SWF files. It may also place assets on the stage, create movieclips with multiple frames, textfields, among other things.

</doc>
<doc id="6976350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976350" title="Flemmings">
Flemmings



</doc>
<doc id="6976354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976354" title="Help Yourself (Julian Lennon album)">
Help Yourself (Julian Lennon album)

Help Yourself is the fourth studio album by English singer-songwriter Julian Lennon, released in 1991 through Atlantic Records in the US and Virgin Records in the UK.
The album was a commercial success in Europe for Lennon, spawning a UK No. 6 hit "Saltwater" (as well as topping the charts in Australia for four weeks); however, it did not do as well in the US, where Atlantic Records were said to have under-promoted the album.
The album was reissued, along with "The Secret Value of Daydreaming" and "Mr. Jordan", on 8 September 2009 by Noble Rot Records.

</doc>
<doc id="6976362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976362" title="I’m A Loser">
I’m A Loser



</doc>
<doc id="6976367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976367" title="Jorge Sapelli">
Jorge Sapelli

Jorge Sapelli (March 8, 1926 – January 13, 1996) was an Uruguayan political figure. He was the Vice President of Uruguay from 1972 until his resignation in 1973.
Vice President of Uruguay.
1972–1973.
Sapelli served in President Juan María Bordaberry's Administration as Vice President of Uruguay until June 1973. It may be noted, in the light of subsequent controversies, that his actual service as vice president is little reported on or analyzed.
June 1973 resignation.
When President Juan María Bordaberry decided with the Military Forces to dissolve the Parliament in June 1973, Sapelli resigned, as he did not agree with this decision that began the long period of civilian-military rule by decree in Uruguay (1973–1985), widely described by observers as a dictatorship.
It would be fair to state that Sapelli's resignation is given far more analysis than his actual service as vice president.
Historical note.
Sapelli was the eighth person to hold the office of Vice President of Uruguay. The office dates from 1934, when Alfredo Navarro became Uruguay's first Vice President.
Legacy.
Sapelli's political career arguably commands multifaceted perceptions of a legacy.
Some observers would argue that Sapelli's action in dissociating himself with Juan María Bordaberry in 1973, under whom he had been serving, demonstrated himself to be a figure of constitutional principle. Others would argue that the position of Vice President of Uruguay, and such power as the holder of the office exercises, is mainly significant to the extent that the holder is prepared to identify himself unreservedly with the current President of Uruguay, and that in any case the office of Vice President of Uruguay originated from the period of the Presidency of Gabriel Terra, 1931–1938, who ruled by decree.
It may be noted also that, unlike some holders of the somewhat intermittent office of Vice President of Uruguay (e.g., the distinguished Uruguayan diplomat Alberto Guani), Sapelli was a relatively untried political figure prior to his assumption of the Vice Presidency, and as such was largely dependent upon the patronage of President Juan María Bordaberry, whom he in any case publicly repudiated in 1973.
It may also be observed that when Sapelli repudiated President Bordaberry in 1973, the circumstances of the office of Vice President of Uruguay going into abeyance, it was not until 1985 that the office was revived. Thus his legacy is many-faceted, with the (in the past) long ruling Colorado Party (Uruguay) somewhat belatedly holding him to be a figure of principle, while ironically celebrating him as one who caused the office which he held to go into abeyance for over a decade.
To put into context Sapelli's reputation within Uruguayan political culture, it may be noted also that the reputation of a predecessor as Vice President of Uruguay, Alberto Guani, has largely emerged unscathed despite having served in the Administration of President of Uruguay Gabriel Terra, who, as President Bordaberry was later to do, ruled by decree.

</doc>
<doc id="6976368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976368" title="Nation TV">
Nation TV

Nation TV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6976369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976369" title="Flagstaff Airport">
Flagstaff Airport



</doc>
<doc id="6976373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976373" title="Catherinehof">
Catherinehof

Ekaterinhof or Catherinehof ( &lt; "Catherine's Court") is a historic island park that began as an 18 century empress's estate in the south-west of St Petersburg, Russia. Its name originated in 1711, when Peter the Great presented the Island and adjacent lands along the eponymous 
to his wife Catherine (Catherine I of Russia), whose name they memorialize.
The emperor apparently conceived Catherinehof as the first imperial estate located on the road leading from the capital to his main summer residence, Peterhof. 
A pet project of Peter I, the estate was abandoned following his death. His niece Empress Anna (reigned in 1730-40) added two wings to the palace, but these were demolished in 1779. As the succeeding monarchs preferred to develop Tsarskoe Selo as their alternative summer residence, Catherinehof suffered from neglect until 1800, when Emperor Paul donated it to his mistress, Anna Gagarina.
Four years later, the estate passed to the City of St Petersburg, which developed it as a municipal amusement park, with many garden pavilions and a "vauxhall" for musical exercises constructed on the grounds. The main palace housed a library and a museum dedicated to Peter I. The Petrine park was considerably expanded and became so popular with St Petersburgers that allusions to it may be found in such works as Casanova's memoirs and Dostoyevsky's novels. 
With the onset of the Industrial Revolution, the formerly quiet and reclusive neighbourhood became an industrial suburb of the Russian capital. The park fell into neglect after the palace had been destroyed by fire in 1924. Several years ago, a private fund announced plans to rebuild the derelict palace. 
Three years after the World War II that greatly damaged the city the park was revived under a new name commemorating 30th anniversary of the national youth Communist league Komsomol, and in 1955 its front half was decorated with a large sculpture portraying the recently famous group of martyred young anti-Nazi underground resistance members of Young Guard cell from the Soviet Ukraine's southeast coal mining town of Krasnodon, whose struggle was described in a novel, named after the group, by Alexander Fadeeyev.
St. Catherine's Church was founded in Catherinehof in 1703 and, as local lore has it, witnessed the secret wedding of Peter I and Catherine in 1707. Konstantin Thon replaced the old church with a much larger structure in his hallmark Russo-Byzantine style; but the massive five-domed building was overhauled in the 1890s before being torn down by the Soviets in 1929. 

</doc>
<doc id="6976375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976375" title="Linux community">
Linux community



</doc>
<doc id="6976376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976376" title="Children's hospice">
Children's hospice

A Children's hospice is a hospice specifically designed to help children and young people who are not expected to reach adulthood with the emotional and physical challenges they face, and also to provide respite care for their families.
Services.
A typical children's hospice service offers:
Children's hospice services work with families from all faiths, cultures and ethnic backgrounds and respect the importance of religious customs and cultural needs that are essential to the daily lives of each family. Many have a chaplain who is familiar with a variety of faiths and customs. Each service is typically an independent charity which relies on public support to continue their work.
Children's hospice services are dedicated to improving the quality of life of children and young people who are not expected to live to reach adulthood and their families.
They provide flexible, practical and free support at home and in the hospice to the entire family, often over many years and at any stage of the child's or young person's illness. This includes short breaks and daytime activities enabling families to get a rest; help with the control of pain or other distressing symptoms; and support for family members, including brothers and sisters. When the end of a child's life approaches, children's hospice services are there to provide end-of-life care and bereavement support for as long as it's needed, helping families and friends approach death with dignity and peace.
United Kingdom children's hospices.
Helen House in Oxfordshire was the world's first children's hospice. It opened in November 1982. Helen House sprang from a friendship between Sister Frances Dominica and the parents of a seriously ill little girl called Helen, who lived at home with her family but required 24-hour care.
The first children's hospice in Scotland Rachel House, run by Children's Hospice Association Scotland opened in March 1996.
There are now over 40 operational children's hospice services open across the UK. Children's hospice services in England receive an average of 5% government funding and rely heavily on public donations.
United States children's hospices.
The children's hospice movement is still in a relatively early stage in the United States, where many of the functions of a children's hospice are provided by children's hospitals. In 1983, of the 1,400 hospices in the United States, only four were able to accept children. When physicians have to decide that a child can no longer be medically cured, along with the parents a decision is made to end care, keeping in mind the best interest of the child. When a decision between the parents and physicians cannot be reached, which is a very small percentage. The physicians are then not obligated to provide any therapy care that the doctors have not deemed necessary towards the care goals of the child. Most parents of the children that have serious development disorders actively share the end of life decision-making process. The main factors that parents take into consideration when making end-of-life care decisions are the importance to advocate for the best interest of their child. Also, the visible suffering, the remaining quality of life, and the child's will to survive is an influence.
Key developments since the early stages of development in Children's Hospice care include:
Through the efforts of CHI, most of the over 3,000 hospices in the U.S. will now consider accepting children. Also, approximately 450 programs have children-specific hospice, palliative, or home care services.
Ethics involvement in children's hospices.
Children's hospitals today have ethics consultation. Ethics consultation is a conference that is intended to help Patients, Staff and other resolve ethical concerns. It all begins with taking into consideration of the patient's ethical beliefs, families, and those professionals involved in the case. Different individuals tend to abide by different ethical beliefs and ethical dilemmas tend to rise out of the difference in values or the priority of those shared values. Additional Institutions that care for those patients have certain set of values. Some institutions are specialized in prioritizing patient care and others are devoted to research. Some Hospitals are public, others are private. Some serve their community and values can vary from community to community which can also cause disagreements. Institutions and hospitals also have value of their own that are written in their Mission Statement of the Institution.
History of ethics consultation.
Ethic committees began in the late 1960s and early 1970s. The original purpose was to bring voices to conversations about ethically controversial clinical situations. The original voices brought to the table of discussion of ethic committees were Theologians, philosophers, social scientists, scholars in the humanities and other experts. Over the years ethics consultations have become more widely accepted. Most hospitals in the United States and across the world now have ethics committees and process for ethics consultation. In the early 1970s many experts realized that the medical education was not designed and physicians were not trained to deal with ethical issues associated with new technologies such as mechanical ventilation, dialysis and transplantation. Before the creation of such technology kidney failure was sure to be fatal, now physicians were starting to make choices about where, when, and how someone could die. One of the solutions was to invite theologians, philosophers and social scientist that would help physicians think and solve complicated ethical issues.

</doc>
<doc id="6976378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976378" title="La belle hellene">
La belle hellene



</doc>
<doc id="6976383" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976383" title="On the Radio (Donna Summer song)">
On the Radio (Donna Summer song)

"On the Radio" is a song by American singer-songwriter Donna Summer, produced by Italian musician Giorgio Moroder, and released in late 1979 on the Casablanca record label. It was written for the soundtrack to the film "Foxes" and included on Summer's first international compilation album "".
History.
The song was released in three formats: the radio 45rpm single; the 5+ minute version included on Summer's "Greatest Hits" double album package, and a DJ Promo 7+ minute version released on 12" single (and included on the "Foxes" film soundtrack album). This last version was later released on the "Bad Girls" CD digipack double CD release. The "Foxes" soundtrack also includes an instrumental version of the song in a ballad tempo and crediting Moroder as a solo artist. In the film, the ballad tempo and the disco version are both heard with Donna Summer's vocals. Donna Summer performed "On the Radio" on many television shows such as "American Bandstand".
The instrumental parts of this song were occasionally heard on the US version of "The Price Is Right" in the early 1980s when they displayed jukeboxes and stereos as prizes. While the first two versions included all written lyrics, the DJ Promo omitted the final verse, opting instead to repeat the third. Only the first "short" version ended with the famous "on the radio – adio – adio" echo vocal effect. For the second consecutive year, Summer placed at least three singles in the "Billboard" Year-End charts in 1980.
Commercial performance.
"On the Radio" was released as a single and became, in February 1980, her tenth top-ten hit in the U.S. as well as her eighth and final consecutive top-five single. "On the Radio" peaked at number five on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number nine on the soul chart. The song was also Summer's 14th entry on the "Billboard" Disco chart, where it peaked at number eight. In Canada, it peaked at number two.
Martine McCutcheon version.
English actress Martine McCutcheon covered "On the Radio" and released it as the second single from her second album, "Wishing" (2000), on January 22, 2001. Her version was produced by John Poppo. Although it became McCutcheon's fifth consecutive top-10 hit on the UK Singles Chart, peaking at number seven, it was her last single to appear within the top 100, and it would remain her last single release until 2017's "Say I'm Not Alone". In Ireland, "On the Radio" reached number 18, matching the peak of the original.
Track listings.
UK CD1
UK CD2
UK cassette single

</doc>
<doc id="6976384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976384" title="E Cope Middle School">
E Cope Middle School



</doc>
<doc id="6976390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976390" title="Ren ai junkie">
Ren ai junkie



</doc>
<doc id="6976396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976396" title="On the radio (donna summer song)">
On the radio (donna summer song)



</doc>
<doc id="6976399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976399" title="Dr Gareth Davies">
Dr Gareth Davies



</doc>
<doc id="6976401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976401" title="Ekaterinhof">
Ekaterinhof



</doc>
<doc id="6976409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976409" title="Virginia State Route 8">
Virginia State Route 8

State Route 8 (SR 8) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. The state highway runs from the North Carolina state line near Palmetto, where the highway continues south as North Carolina Highway 8 (NC 8), north to U.S. Route 11 (US 11) in Christiansburg. SR 8 is part of a two-state highway 8 system and is the main north–south highway of Patrick County, Floyd County, and southern Montgomery County, connecting their respective county seats of Stuart, Floyd, and Christiansburg with each other and with the Blue Ridge Parkway. The state highway also links the New River Valley region of Virginia with Southside Virginia via US 58 and the Piedmont Triad of North Carolina via NC 8.
Route description.
SR 8 begins at the North Carolina state line near Palmetto. The road continues south as NC 8, which passes through Lawsonville on its way to Winston-Salem. SR 8 heads northwest as Salem Highway, which meets the eastern end of SR 103 (Dry Pond Highway) in Five Forks. The state highway enters the town of Stuart by crossing the South Fork Mayo River. SR 8 follows South Main Street, first passing SR 8 Business, then Wood Brothers Drive. At Blue Ridge Street, the state highway turns west and joins US 58 Business on a concurrency west of the downtown area. Northwest of the town, SR 8 joins US 58 (Jeb Stuart Highway) north through a narrow creek valley to Cruzes Store.
SR 8 continues northeast as Woolwine Highway through narrow creek valleys to an intersection with SR 57 (Fairystone Park Highway) near Buffalo Ridge. The state highway crosses the Smith River shortly before meeting the west end of SR 40 (Charity Highway) in Woolwine. East of Rocky Knob, the namesake of an American Viticultural Area, SR 8 curvaceously ascends Blue Ridge Mountain to the Eastern Continental Divide at Tuggle Gap. At the gap, the state highway enters Floyd County and has an interchange with the Blue Ridge Parkway.
SR 8 continues north as Parkway Lane to the county seat of Floyd, where the highway follows Locust Street and intersects US 221 (Main Street). The state highway traverses the West Fork of the Little River and climbs over Wills Ridge south of the confluence of the rivers West and East forks. SR 8 crosses over the main stem of the river at the Montgomery county line, where the highway continues as Riner Road through the village of Riner in the Union Valley. The state highway enters the town of Christiansburg at its diamond interchange with Interstate 81. SR 8 follows Main Street to its northern terminus at US 11. US 11 heads west as Radford Street and north as Main Street to the center of the town.
History.
SR 8 was included in the initial 1918 state highway system as part of State Route 23, which continued north to West Virginia via present U.S. Route 460. In the 1933 renumbering, SR 23 was renumbered State Route 8 because the number was used by U.S. Route 23. The short piece west from Rich Creek to West Virginia became part of U.S. Route 219 by 1937, and U.S. Route 460 replaced the entire route north of Christiansburg by 1947.
SR 8 Business.
SR 8 Business (SR 8 Bus.) is a special route of SR 8 in the town of Stuart. The route is a former alignment of SR 8 in downtown Stuart along Patrick Avenue and Blue Ridge Street (the latter of which is part of US 58 Bus.). The highway was designated after 2011 when a new alignment of SR 8 was constructed allowing the bypass of downtown Stuart especially by heavy truck traffic.
The route begins at a signalized intersection with Salem Highway (SR 8) in a small commercial area immediately north of the South Mayo River. SR 8 Bus. and Patrick Avenue, after first heading east, immediately heads north paralleling SR 8. After about , the road travels uphill and curves towards the northeast. At the summit of the hill, SR 8 Bus. reaches Blue Ridge Street which carries US 58 Bus.; SR 8 Bus. turns northwest onto it and after a pair of 90-degree turns, enters the Stuart Uptown Historic District and passes the Patrick County Courthouse. SR 8 Bus. ends at an intersection with Wood Brothers Drive where SR 8 and US 58 Bus. continue together northwest.

</doc>
<doc id="6976419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976419" title="Marvin Jones (linebacker)">
Marvin Jones (linebacker)

Marvin Maurice Jones (born June 28, 1972) is an American former professional football player who was a linebacker in the National Football League (NFL) for eleven seasons during the 1990s and early 2000s. Jones played college football for the Florida State Seminoles and was recognized as a consensus All-American twice. He was selected in the first round of the 1993 NFL draft by the New York Jets and he played his entire professional career for the Jets. In 2018, Jones was the head coach for the Cedar Rapids Titans in the Indoor Football League (IFL) and served as head coach of the Omaha Beef in the Champions Indoor Football (CIF) from 2020-2022. Beginning in 2023, Jones will be the head coach of the IFL's Tulsa Oilers.
Early life.
Marvin Jones was born in Miami, Florida. He graduated from Miami Northwestern High School, where he played high school football for the Northwestern Bulls.
College career.
While attending Florida State University (FSU), Jones played for coach Bobby Bowden's Seminoles team from 1990 to 1992. The Seminoles finished 10–2 in 1991 and 11–1 in 1992, winning the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) championship in the latter, Florida State's first season in the league. Jones was recognized as a consensus first-team All-American in both 1991 and 1992, and won the Rotary Lombardi Award and was honored by "Sporting News" as its College Football Player of the Year in 1992. He decided to forgo his remaining college eligibility and enter the NFL Draft. The Seminoles inducted him into the FSU Hall of Fame in 2000. He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as part of its 2022 class.
Professional career.
The New York Jets selected Jones in the first round, fourth overall pick, of the 1993 NFL draft. He played for the Jets from to . Nicknamed "Shade Tree" by his teammates, Jones recorded a career high 137 tackles in . In eleven seasons, Jones played in 142 NFL regular season games, started 129 of them, and compiled 1,021 tackles, nine sacks, five interceptions for 42 yards, 31 pass deflections, ten forced fumbles, and eight fumble recoveries.
Jones signed a one-day contract with the Jets to retire following the season.
Coaching career.
Jones was the linebackers coach of the Brooklyn Bolts of the Fall Experimental Football League in 2014. He was the interim head coach for the Colorado Crush of the Indoor Football League (IFL) in 2017. He initially took the defensive coordinator position with the Richmond Roughriders of the American Arena League for the 2018 season, but was named the head coach of the Cedar Rapids Titans of the IFL in January 2018 prior to either 2018 season beginning. Jones went on to become the Defensive Coordinator of the Omaha Beef and later became the interim Head Coach for the Beef in 2019. The Omaha Beef shortly after the 2019 Champions Indoor Football season removed the interim tag and named Jones Head Coach. After a cancelled 2020 season due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Jones and the Beef won the sixth Champions Bowl and the team's first ever league title.
On September 14, 2022, the Tulsa Oilers announced that Jones would be their head coach for the Oilers' inaugural 2023 season.
Personal life.
Jones's brother Fred Jones and nephew Fredrick Jones both played football at Florida State as well.
Jones started the Marvin Jones Charitable Foundation, an organization dedicated to supporting and motivating youth towards success by engaging them in positive experiences through academics, community involvement and sports.
Jones holds a B.S in Sociology from Charter Oak State College, and diplomas in counseling and herbal medicine from the Institute of Natural Healing. He lives in Fort Myers, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="6976421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976421" title="Cotton boll weevil">
Cotton boll weevil



</doc>
<doc id="6976422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976422" title="Danbury Hospital">
Danbury Hospital

Danbury Hospital is a 456-bed hospital in Danbury, Connecticut serving patients in Fairfield County, Connecticut, Litchfield County, Connecticut, and New Haven County, Connecticut as well as Westchester County, New York, Putnam County, New York, and Dutchess County, New York.
The hospital is part of the Nuvance Health system.
Affiliations.
Danbury Hospital is affiliated with University of Vermont School of Medicine, University of Medicine and Health Sciences, Ross University School of Medicine, New York Medical College. The hospital also affiliated with New York Medical College in 1974 to support pediatrics, psychiatry and surgery, the University of Connecticut's School of Medicine to support nuclear medicine.
Danbury Hospital is a member of the Council of Teaching Hospital and Health Systems (COTH) of the Association of American Medical Colleges (AAMC). Of the 1,100 hospitals involved in graduate medical education in this country, the 400 COTH member institutions train about three-quarters of the residents in the United States.
History.
Founded in 1885, Danbury Hospital was a small community hospital for its first 50 years. Its School of Nursing was established in 1893, and the first graduate medical education (GME) program was a one-year general internship approved in 1926.
In 1970 the hospital developed a long-range strategic plan which included a proposal to make the hospital a regional teaching hospital. A full-time faculty was formed and eventually evolved into the multi-specialty, not-for-profit practice called Danbury Office of Physician Services, PC.
A three-story addition (Stroock Tower) and a two level parking garage opened in January 1985.
On June 20, 2014, a new 11 story, 316,000 sf addition to the hospital (The Peter and Carmen Lucia Buck Pavilion) was opened.

</doc>
<doc id="6976425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976425" title="Saxo Bank">
Saxo Bank

Saxo Bank is a Danish investment bank specializing in online trading and investment. Established in 1992 as a brokerage firm under the name "Midas Fondsmæglerselskab" (English: "Midas Stockbroker Company") by Lars Seier Christensen and Kim Fournais, the company rebranded as Saxo Bank in 2001 upon obtaining its banking license. The bank provides access to a broad range of financial instruments, including Forex, stocks, CFDs, futures, funds, bonds, and futures spreads, through its proprietary online trading platforms.
Saxo Bank is headquartered in Copenhagen and operates through offices in financial centres such as London, Paris, Zürich, Dubai, Singapore, India, and Tokyo.
Saxo Bank A/S is privately owned. As of December 2024, its majority shareholder is Geely Financials Denmark A/S, a subsidiary of the Chinese Geely Group, holding a 49.88% stake.
In 2023, Saxo Bank reported an operating income of DKK 4.48 billion and surpassed a milestone of one million clients worldwide. The bank's average daily trading turnover is estimated at US$17.7 billion.
History.
1990s: Midas Fondsmæglerselskab.
Lars Seier Christensen and Kim Fournais formed Midas Fondsmæglerselskab after meeting in London in the early 1990s. At the time, Christensen was a broker for Gerald Metals while Fournais worked at the now-defunct Lannung Bank. Both described their partnership as the meeting of business soulmates. The company's initial capital, as recounted by its founders, was approximately $80,000.
When the company acquired its license, the periodical "" ("Economic Weekly") began publishing an article series on "sidegadevekslererne", the bucket shops of Denmark, and included Midas. In the autumn of 1996, Danish businessman accused Midas of misleading him into making fictitious investments through its wealth management services, resulting in losses exceeding DKK 800,000 in a single month. These allegations prompted a criminal investigation by the Director of Public Prosecutions, but Midas was ultimately cleared of all charges.
2000s.
In 1997, Midas introduced its first internet-based product: a currency trading platform called "MITS", which was later replaced by "SaxoTrader". The company rebranded as Saxo Bank, taking its name from the Danish historian Saxo Grammaticus, to avoid confusion with an international Nigerian bank also named Mida. In 2001, Saxo Bank obtained its banking license. During this period, the company expanded its online presence and relocated to new headquarters in the Copenhagen suburb of Gentofte.
Saxo Bank began expanding its products and services in Europe in the early 2000s. In 2001, the bank launched its first white-label product in partnership with a Portuguese securities dealer. By September 2004, Saxo had introduced its first U.S. white-label product, and in 2006, it established a regional hub in Singapore.
In September 2007, Saxo Bank acquired its Swiss white-label client, Synthesis Bank. In May of the same year, it purchased the French brokerage Cambiste, later rebranded as Saxo Banque France. Following the launch of Citigroup's CitiFX Pro, an online foreign exchange trading platform developed by Saxo, in November 2008, the Bank would focus entirely on its institutional clients in the US. By 2009, the bank had opened new offices in Milan, Prague, and Dubai, bringing the total number of foreign sales offices to 13–14 by year-end, up from eight in the previous year.
The bank continued its growth through acquisitions and the creation of an asset management department In 2009, it acquired Sirius Kapitalforvaltning and purchased the full share capital of Capital Four Management Fondsmaeglerselskab A/S, along with a 51% stake in Global Evolution Fondsmaeglerselskab A/S. 
2010s.
In March 2010, Saxo Bank launched a new equity trading platform, enabling trades in over 11,000 stocks and other products listed on 23 major exchanges worldwide.
By July 2010, Saxo Bank reported a 13-fold increase in net profit, rising from DKK 41 million ($7 million) to DKK 551 million ($95 million). Over six months, the bank completed ten acquisitions and opened new IT development centers in India and Ukraine. Observers partly attributed this growth to a nearly 500% increase in trading turnover by Saxo Bank's largest partner, Citi, during the same period. The bank's half-year report confirmed these results, marking the first six months of 2010 as the most profitable period in its history. 
In 2010, Saxo Bank also launched a new online platform in collaboration with Barclays Stockbrokers. Branded as "International Trader," it offered access to over 9,000 equities across 21 major global exchanges in 13 markets, along with securities research. The platform was actively promoted to the UK market, including Barclays' existing client base. In May 2011, Saxo Bank further announced a partnership with TD Waterhouse, the UK's leading execution-only broker, to provide an online derivatives trading platform for retail investors.
At the 2010 World Finance Foreign Exchange Awards, Saxo Bank was named "Best White Label Solution Provider," recognizing its long-standing focus on innovation in its white-label business. That same year, it also won the "Best Re-Labelling Platform" award from Profit &amp; Loss magazine, based on a reader poll. According to Markit, Saxo Bank was the first financial institution to report its CFDs on Single Stock trades on a voluntary basis, in a bid to bring greater transparency to this fast growing market.
On 17 September 2010, Saxo Bank announced its plan to invest DKK 59 million in Brørup Sparekasse, a small Danish savings bank established in 1897 with seven branches. Following the investment, the bank was renamed Saxo Privatbank and began offering core banking services in Denmark. Brørup Sparekasse had faced significant financial difficulties in 2008 and 2009, primarily due to failed investments in unlisted bonds, which resulted in a pre-tax loss of DKK 74 million in 2009. Saxo Bank also committed to providing an additional capital contribution of at least DKK 150 million, contingent on the successful transformation of Brørup Sparekasse into a joint-stock company. Saxo Bank became the majority shareholder, holding 98.6% of the shares in the restructured institution. Saxo Privatbank operated branches in several Danish cities, including Brørup, Esbjerg, Fredericia, Hellerup, Kolding, Odense, Vejle and Århus. In April 2018, Alm. Brand Bank acquired Saxo Privatbank for DKK 360 million (~$60 million).
In January 2014, Saxo Bank introduced a beta version of a revised TradingFloor.com, repositioning a community portal as a multi-asset social trading platform that encouraged users to share information, tips, and strategies openly. According to the bank's founders, the platform aimed to improve accessibility to financial trading and serve those uninterested in direct interaction with bank representatives.
In May 2015, Saxo Bank launched SaxoTraderGO, a new multi-asset trading platform. In September 2015, Saxo Bank introduced OpenAPI, granting partners, clients, and external developers access to the bank's trading infrastructure for customization purposes. As of mid-2015, the platform featured over 30,000 financial products.
In early 2016, Saxo Bank launched SaxoSelect, a digital investment service that included portfolios built around iShares ETFs in cooperation with BlackRock, targeting long-term investors and managed based on BlackRock's research. Saxo Bank also introduced Trading Strategies, a copy trading service providing access to a range of strategies managed by various selected investors.
In 2017, Saxo operated in 18 countries, employed 1,600 people, and reported an operating revenue of DKK 2.9 billion ($457.46 million) in 2016.
On 2 October 2017, the Chinese carmaker Geely announced the plans to increase its stake in Saxo Bank to 51.5% if the deal were approved by regulators. Sampo Group was to acquire a 19.9% stake, while Kim Fournais, Saxo Bank's CEO, would retain his 25.7% stake. Those selling shares are Sinar Mas and TPG. The deal was completed in September 2018.
2020s.
After abandoning a 2022 attempt to go public via a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC) at a targeted valuation of around €2 billion, Saxo later stated that a public listing was no longer on the immediate agenda, attributing the decision to unfavorable market conditions.
On 4 July 2023, the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (FSA) issued a report instructing Saxo to liquidate its cryptocurrency holdings, stating that maintaining these assets on the bank's own account exceeds the legal scope for Danish financial institutions. The FSA did not specify a timeline. A Saxo spokesperson noted that the company would review the regulator's requirements and respond accordingly.
In February 2023, Saxo Singapore signed a strategic partnership with Guotai Junan Securities, a major Chinese bank. In November 2023, it announced a strategic partnership with HSBC. In 2023, Saxo reported reaching an important milestone – 1 mln clients globally. However, the bank's financial indicators have weakened: it reported its first semi-annual loss in several years during the second half of 2023, and 2023 ended with a 8.1% decline in net profits.
In April 2024, S&amp;P Global Ratings awarded Saxo Bank an A- rating. In July 2024, Saxo hired Goldman Sachs as a financial advisеr to seek new owners for the shares held by Geely (just under 50%) and Mandatum (under 20%). By late October 2024, it became known that three major firms—Altor Equity Partners, Centerbridge Partners, and Interactive Brokers—had expressed interest in acquiring the shares, with preliminary bids reportedly submitted.
Despite reporting a 43% increase in its client base in 2024 and introducing a simplified platform along with the AutoInvest ETF investment feature, Saxo's trading metrics continued to deteriorate. Monthly trading volumes fell to US$371.6 billion in June 2024 — down 4% from the previous month—and core FX volumes reached a multi-year low of US$78.1 billion. In September 2024, Saxo announced the closure of its Hong Kong and Shanghai offices, citing geopolitical factors. The bank disclosed US$4.3 million in losses for its Hong Kong operations in 2023 and began off-boarding local clients and partners.
On March 10, 2025, J. Safra Sarasin Group agreed to buy 70% of Saxo Bank's shares from Geely Financials Denmark A/S and Mandatum Group.
Profile.
Ownership.
Saxo Bank A/S is a privately owned company. Since 2018, the majority shareholder of Saxo Bank A/S has been the company Geely Financials Denmark A/S, a subsidiary of Chinese Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co., Ltd. As of December 2024, Geely holds 49.88% of the shares, Saxo Bank founder and CEO Kim Fournais holds 28.41%, and Mandatum, a nordic financial services group formerly part of Sampo Group, holds 19.83%. The remaining 1,88 percent shares are held by minority shareholders including a number of current and former employees.
Business model.
Saxo Bank offers solutions for both retail and institutional clients. Through its online platforms, retail and institutional clients have access to a range of financial instruments, including Forex, stocks, CFDs, futures, funds, bonds, and futures spreads.
Approximately half of Saxo Bank's business reportedly comes from partnerships with institutional trading partners. By 2015, over 120 financial institutions worldwide were using Saxo Bank’s platforms under white-label agreements. These partners include institutions such as Standard Bank, Old Mutual Wealth, , and Banco Best, as well as regional entities like , Sparekassen Thy, , , and .
Corporate headquarters and architecture.
Saxo Bank is headquartered in Tuborg Havn in the northern outskirts of Copenhagen. The building, which received an RIBA International Award, was designed by Danish architects 3XN. The building was finished 4 years after winning an international competition back in 2004. The façade of the building is covered in diagonal white aluminium and blue glass patterns. In June 2010, the Danish business newspaper Borsen named the Saxo headquarters the "Kingdom's finest domicile."
Other Saxo Bank offices are located in Australia, China, the Czech Republic, Dubai, France, Greece, India, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, Singapore, Switzerland, Turkey, the United Kingdom, and the United States.
Sponsorships.
In mid-June 2008, Riis Cycling A/S announced that Saxo Bank had entered a three-year contract as title sponsor, with immediate effect, so the team entered the 2008 Tour de France as Team CSC Saxo Bank. Carlos Sastre won the Tour, and the team took the team classification. In 2009 and 2010, Andy Schleck finished the Tour in second place. When the bank signed the sponsorship agreement with Riis Cycling A/S, it noted that the team "has the international reach and name recognition that means we will be able to get our message our to most of our client groups around the globe. We love the sport, and believe that together we will be winners." It surprised everyone Lars Seier Christensen together with Bjarne Riis announced to the public on 3 August 2010 that Saxo Bank had extended its sponsorship of Riis Cycling for another year, and that Tour winner Alberto Contador had signed onto the team, with the aim of winning all Grand Tours (the Tour de France, the Giro d'Italia and the Vuelta a España) in one year. In 2013, Tinkoff Bank joined Saxo Bank as title sponsor. Following Bjarne Riis' sale of the team to Oleg Tinkov, Saxo Bank stopped its sponsorship as of 2016.
In January 2014, Saxo Bank announced it would be one the Lotus F1 team's sponsors this season, moving into motor racing. Saxo Bank told that it would use the Lotus team name in its marketing and also be able to host clients at Formula One races as a sponsor.
Saxo Bank has also sponsored reprints and distributed several books; including Ayn Rand's novel "Atlas Shrugged", which the bank retranslated into Danish and distributed 10,000 copies (each new employee of the bank receives a copy). In May 2007, Saxo Bank donated one million DKK to the libertarian political party "Ny Alliance" (later renamed to the "Liberal Alliance"), co-CEO Lars Christensen later joined the party himself. Saxo Bank supported Liberal Alliance financially for several years, but stopped the contribution after the parliamentary election in 2015.
Controversy.
2008 Wikipedia whitewashing.
In 2008, Saxo Bank admitted censoring its own Wikipedia article through an anonymous user to remove information it claimed was inaccurate. When confronted by the media, the bank acknowledged the action, stating that a "slightly more elegant solution" should have been pursued.
2010 allegations of misconduct.
In July 2010, the Danish watchdog Danish FSA released a series of reports citing allegations that Saxo Bank had failed to adequately protect investor interests. These reports were based on complaints from former clients and led to an investigation into the bank's anti-money laundering protocols. The investigation was sparked by a wave of negative media coverage, with Danish newspapers Dagbladet Børsen and EPN publishing articles accusing Saxo of misconduct, as alleged by former employees and clients. One notable accusation came in May 2010 from a Lebanese investor, who claimed their company lost DKK 20 million in four months due to unstable pricing and system interruptions on SaxoTrader. Saxo Bank denied the allegations, asserting that SaxoTrader maintained 100% uptime. Earlier, in April 2010, a Portuguese financial institution accused Saxo Bank of manipulating stock and currency prices, alleging a loss of €10 million due to these practices. In response, the FSA commissioned an independent investigation to determine whether Saxo Bank's manual and electronic trading practices adhered to its stated policies, including its Best Execution Policy. The investigation, carried out by international consulting firm Oliver Wyman, reportedly cost Saxo Bank millions. The findings, delayed by two months, were finally published on 29 November 2010. The Oliver Wyman report concluded that Saxo Bank had not "systematically" mispriced manual orders or violated its trading policies. It also found no evidence of systematic unfair treatment of clients. As a result, the FSA decided not to pursue further action against Saxo Bank. 
Simultaneously, in June 2010, Saxo Bank filed lawsuits against two former clients, accusing them of making false allegations. Although Saxo Bank was cleared of all allegations, the Danish newspaper Berlingske Tidende characterized the controversy as a bitter conflict between the bank's founders, former employees, and disaffected clients, likely rooted in personal grievances or financial disputes.
2011 DFSA Censure.
On 20 March 2011, the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA) issued a formal censure against Saxo Bank Dubai Limited (SBDL) for multiple failings in its client onboarding processes. The DFSA's findings highlighted significant lapses in compliance with regulatory standards.
2012 Australian ASIC reprimands.
In 2012, the Australian Securities &amp; Investments Commission (ASIC) reprimanded Saxo Bank for deficiencies in its risk management practices, just two days after the bank announced plans to expand its retail online trading operations in Australia. ASIC imposed additional licensing conditions on Saxo Bank's subsidiary, Saxo Capital Markets Australia, requiring the appointment of an independent expert to review its systems. The review aimed to address shortcomings in credit risk, client risk, and compliance risk management. ASIC Chairman Greg Medcraft stated that the additional conditions were necessary to ensure that risk management practices met the standards required by law. This action followed the sentencing of Russell Johnson, Director of Sonray Capital Markets—a white-label partner of Saxo Bank—to six and a half years in prison after his firm left debts totaling A$76 million.
2015 BBY Limited collapse.
In June 2015, the stockbroker BBY appointed liquidators after failing to secure sufficient funds to meet its financial obligations. BBY had operated as a white-label partner of Saxo Bank, providing Foreign Exchange contracts and other financial products. Court proceedings revealed that BBY had unlawfully pooled an excessive amount of client funds with Saxo Bank, funds that should have been properly allocated to clients holding Equities and Exchange-Traded Contracts. This mismanagement highlighted significant lapses in oversight and raised questions about Saxo Bank's role in the improper handling of client assets.
2015 Controversy following Swiss franc cap removal.
Following the Swiss National Bank's unexpected decision on 15 January 2015 to end to franc's cap against the euro, the EUR/CHF rate dropped well below 1.20. The next day, Saxo Bank retroactively adjusted the execution prices of orders placed on CHF currency pairs during the ensuing period of extremely low liquidity. Some clients, who had already closed positions on EUR/CHF and related instruments, incurred additional losses and accused Saxo Bank of unfair repricing and burdening them with higher negative balances.
On 23 January 2015, Saxo Bank announced that it might face a loss of up to DKK 700 million (around US$107 million) due to negative client balances it may not be able to collect. Less than a week later, the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (FSA) requested a comprehensive report on the bank's actions before and after the incident. In February 2015 a group of over 20 Danish and foreign Saxo clients engaged legal counsel to explore a class-action lawsuit.
In July 2015, after reviewing Saxo Bank's conduct during the "Swiss event," the Danish FSA issued two reprimands related to insufficient disclosure of liquidity conditions and inadequate communication about the difficulties in executing orders. Although the regulator criticized these shortfalls, it did not find that the bank's approach to setting revised settlement prices or handling stop-loss orders breached best execution rules or unfairly favored Saxo Bank's interests. Saxo Bank maintained that the regulator's assessment confirmed its adherence to investor protection standards.
Litigation ensued in multiple jurisdictions. In May 2015, Saxo Singapore filed suit against 12 currency-trading clients, who subsequently countersued. In December 2016, the Danish Maritime and Commercial High Court sided with Saxo Bank in a case involving a Danish corporate client, recognizing that the bank's conduct aligned with its business terms and took place under extraordinary, illiquid market conditions that precluded execution at initial prices. However, in March 2017 the UK Financial Ombudsman Service found against Saxo Bank, mandating compensation for a client. In June 2018, the High Court of Eastern Denmark (Østre Landsret) ruled that Saxo Bank owed a former client US$320,000, having determined that on 15 January 2015 the bank applied wrongful price adjustments and debited the client's account improperly.
2025 AFM fine over BinckBank violations.
In December 2024, the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM) imposed a €1.6 million fine on Saxo Bank for violations committed by BinckBank, which Saxo Bank acquired in 2019. The violations occurred between 1 January 2021 and 11 April 2023 and included failure to comply with asset segregation rules, insufficient control over business processes, and inadequate customer service. The AFM launched its investigation in 2022 following consumer complaints and a critical auditor report on BinckBank. Saxo Bank did not contest the penalties.

</doc>
<doc id="6976433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976433" title="State Route 8 (Virginia)">
State Route 8 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6976434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976434" title="Soda siphon">
Soda siphon

The soda siphon (sometimes spelled syphon), also known as the seltzer bottle, siphon seltzer bottle, or just siphon) is a device for storing and dispensing carbonated beverages (typically carbonated water) while maintaining the internal pressure, thereby preventing it from going flat. The carbonated beverage is dispensed using the internal pressure of the bottle, so the setup is not a true siphon in its operation.
History.
As early as 1790, the concept of an "aerosol" was introduced in France, with self-pressurized carbonated beverages. The modern siphon was created in 1829, when two Frenchmen patented a hollow corkscrew which could be inserted into a soda bottle and, by use of a valve, allowed a portion of the contents to be dispensed while maintaining the pressure on the inside of the bottle and preventing the remaining soda from going flat.
Soda siphons were popular in the 1920s and 1930s. The rise of bottled carbonated beverages and the destruction of many of the siphon manufacturers' plants in Eastern Europe during World War II led to a decline in their popularity in the years after the war.
21st century production.
Commercial production and delivery of pre-filled bottles of seltzer continued in the Southern California and Eastern Seaboard regions of the US into 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="6976439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976439" title="State Route 23 (Virginia 1918-1933)">
State Route 23 (Virginia 1918-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6976440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976440" title="SU-100Y">
SU-100Y

The SU-100Y, initially designated T-100Y, was a Soviet prototype self-propelled gun, developed from the chassis of the prototype T-100 tank. It was developed during the Winter War with Finland to include a 130 mm gun to destroy concrete defensive structures like bunkers and anti-tank obstacles along with the use as a tank destroyer. It did not see serial production.
Development.
In December 1939, the Northwest Command of the Red Army requested that the N°185 factory develop a vehicle based on the T-100. The vehicle had not only to operate as a self-propelled gun, but also to be used to lay bridges, transport explosives, and recover tanks destroyed or damaged on the battlefield. During the development of this vehicle, the ABTU proposed mounting the large, high velocity 152 mm cannon on the T-100 in order to give it the capacity to destroy bunkers and other strong fixed fortifications. The plant manager at N°185 proposed stopping development of the prototype to use T-100 as a self-propelled gun/tank destroyer armed with the 100 and 130 mm naval guns. This idea was accepted and on January 8, 1940, the plans for the T-100X were finalized and sent to the Izhorskyi factory. The T-100X had a box-shaped fighting compartment and was equipped with the 130 mm B-13 naval gun. For mobility, it kept the torsion bar suspension system, as was the trend in modern tanks of the time. During the development of the prototype, the shape of the fighting compartment was modified to reduce ammunition loading times. The new design was the T-100Y (re-designated SU-100Y in 1945). The designs of the SU-100Y were sent to the Izhorskyi factory on February 24, 1940, and assembly began on the first of the month. The self-propelled gun was tested for the first time on March 14. As the Winter War with Finland had ended, the T-100Y was never deployed against Finland but was successfully tested against former Polish fortifications in the Kiev Special Military District, along with the KV-2 and the two SU-14 prototypes. There were several complaints: the mantlet was installed with no regard for balance, which made aiming difficult, the fighting compartment was too cramped, and there were several issues with the running gear. The T-100Y was sent to factory N°174 for correction of these defects, since factory N°185 no longer existed, as it was absorbed into factory N°174. Not much came of such changes, since the T-100Y lost its last chance at mass production in June 1940. The design could have served as a temporary solution, but the ABTU was leaning towards the chassis of SMK as it shared components with the KV-1, to have a standardization of components. The decision of the Council of People's Commissars and Central Committee of the VKP(b) was published on July 17, 1940, sealing the fate of the T-100Y. The prototype was left to rust away at the Kubinka proving grounds before the start of the German invasion. 
In a report from April 1st, 1941, a commission noted that the fighting compartment, gun, engine, and transmission parts of the prototype were covered in rust due to poor storage. With the start of Operation Barbarossa, as the German forces approached Moscow, the two SU-14 and T-100Y prototypes were shipped to Kazan in the fall of 1941, where they served as specimens in technical courses, returning to Kubinka in 1943. The SU-100Y is currently on display together with the SU-14-1, at the area #1 of the Patriot Park in Kubinka.
Despite the fact that the T-100Y was not very successful, it is hard to call it a complete failure. It was one of the first Soviet assault guns, paving the way for the SU-152, accepted into service on February 14, 1943.
Design.
A spacious, fully enclosed casemate with a height of 3.29 meters was welded from armor plates 60 mm thick all-around. Since the vehicle would fire directly from a range of 1500-2000 m, while effectively protected even against enemy field artillery fire along, as well as 37-85mm anti-tank guns. With such impressive protection, the weight was tremendous, however, sources differ: some documents give the weight as 58 tons, others as 64, some as 68. The truth is likely somewhere in the middle. Despite the increased weight, mobility remained at the level of the T-100. The T-100Y was no doubt a more successful vehicle than the SU-14.
The main armament of the vehicle was a 130 mm B-13 naval cannon, which, thanks to its excellent ballistics, was used to equip cruisers and coastal batteries. A feature of the gun was a 55-caliber barrel, which provided the projectile with an initial velocity of over 800 m/s, so even with an elevation angle of about 30 °, it was possible to reach a firing range of about 20 km. The gun also had a high rate of fire - 10-12 rounds per minute. The penetration was good, being able to penetrate a max of 202mm of armour and even 158mm of armour at 2000m with SAPCBC shells, designated PB-46A. To fire the gun, a lever located at the left-hand side of the gun was used. There was no telescopic sight to aim the cannon, it was aimed using the PT-1 and PTK periscopes in the vehicle. Also, the B-13 projectile had 2.5 kg of explosives. For comparison, the 122 mm D-25T projectile had only 1.6 kg of explosives in its shell. The ammunition included 30 separate loading rounds, which affected the size of the crew, of which included two loaders, with 15 SAPCBC shells and another 15 HE shells.
Its engine was the GAM-34 engine with a power input of 890 hp, previously installed on torpedo speed boats. The powerful engine allowed the heavy tank to move along the highway at a speed of 35 km/h, but on rough terrain, only 16 km/h. The chassis and running gear of the SU-100Y was completely borrowed from the T-100 tank.

</doc>
<doc id="6976443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976443" title="Linux/Open Source Software/Free Software community">
Linux/Open Source Software/Free Software community



</doc>
<doc id="6976446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976446" title="State Route 23 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 23 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6976448" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976448" title="Peter Odemwingie">
Peter Odemwingie

Peter Osaze Odemwingie (born 15 July 1981) is a former professional footballer who played as a forward.
Born in what is now Uzbekistan, Odemwingie began his career with Bendel Insurance in the Nigeria Premier League. He then earned a move to European football with Belgian side La Louvière where he spent three seasons winning the Belgian Cup before moving to French side Lille. Odemwingie scored 26 goals for Lille while also playing in the UEFA Champions League with the side. Lokomotiv Moscow bought him for £10 million in July 2007. He scored 23 times in years for Lokomotiv.
He joined English side West Bromwich Albion in August 2010. He scored 30 Premier League goals for the Baggies, which won him three Premier League Player of the Month awards. A failed move to Queens Park Rangers saw him fall out of favour with manager Steve Clarke and he was sold to Cardiff City in August 2013 for a fee of £2.25 million. He spent six months at Cardiff before joining Stoke City in a player-exchange with Kenwyne Jones in January 2014.
Odemwingie made his debut for the Nigeria national team in a friendly against Kenya in May 2002 and has represented the country over 60 times, including at two World Cups and four Africa Cup of Nations, as well as winning silver at the 2008 Olympics.
Club career.
Early career.
Odemwingie was born in Tashkent in the former Soviet Union to a Nigerian father (Peter Odemwingie Sr.) and a Russian Tatar mother (Raisa), both of whom were medical students. He moved with his family to Nigeria when he was two years old before completing his secondary education in Russia. Whilst living in Russia, he played in the youth teams of KAMAZ and CSKA Moscow. At the age of 17 he moved back to Nigeria and after spending a short time with AS Racines Lagos he became a professional with Nigeria Premier League side Bendel Insurance, where he scored 19 goals in 53 league appearances from 2000 to 2002. He was scouted by Chief Emmanuel Ibru, Chairman of AS Racines FC. The club serves as a feeder team to many local and foreign clubs.
La Louvière.
Odemwingie had an unsuccessful trial with Anderlecht before he signed for La Louvière in 2002 and made his mark by helping the club to win the Belgian Cup in his first season. This earned La Louvière qualification into the UEFA Cup where they played Portuguese side Benfica, Odemwingie scoring in a 1–1 draw. He had a trial with Blackburn Rovers in August 2004.
Lille.
Scoring nine goals in 44 appearances attracted the attention of Ligue 1 side Lille and before long he was a starter in the first team. Famous for his technique and pace, the Nigerian player was being monitored by a number of prestigious European clubs. Odemwingie indicated that he wanted to stay at Lille and help them fight for the league the following season and scored five league goals for them in the 2006–07 season as well as one against A.C. Milan at the San Siro to take Lille to the UEFA Champions League knockout stages.
Lokomotiv Moscow.
On 16 July 2007, he signed for Lokomotiv Moscow for a reported fee of US$14 million on a four-year contract. In three seasons for Lokomotiv, Odemwingie became the driving force of the attack and one of their most important players. During his time at Lokomotiv Stadium, Odemwingie managed 21 goals in the Russian Premier League from 75 games.
West Bromwich Albion.
2010–11.
On 20 August 2010 Odemwingie signed for Premier League club West Bromwich Albion for an undisclosed fee on a two-year contract, with the option of a third year in the club's favour. A day later, he scored the 81st-minute winning goal on his Premier League debut, a 1–0 win against Sunderland. Shortly after signing for West Bromwich Albion, photographs showed Lokomotiv Moscow fans celebrating the sale of Odemwingie through the use of racist banners targeted at the player. One banner included the image of a banana and read "Thanks West Brom". Before West Brom's game against Tottenham Hotspur in September 2010, it was announced that West Brom fans would unfurl a banner to counter the racist one, the banner read 'Thanks Lokomotiv' and is accompanied by a picture of Odemwingie celebrating his winner on his debut against Sunderland. Odemwingie scored again for West Brom as they defeated Arsenal 3–2 at the Emirates Stadium on 25 September 2010. Odemwingie scored a brace for West Brom on 5 December 2010, as they defeated fellow promoted side Newcastle United 3–1 at the Hawthorns.
Odemwingie scored the second goal for West Brom which brought his season tally in the Premier League to 10 goals, only two behind Robert Earnshaw's Premier League record for the club. 9 April saw West Brom travel to the Stadium of Light to play Sunderland. Odemwingie continued to impress and scored a goal in the 29th minute to level the scores. His side eventually won 3–2, three points significantly helping his side's survival hopes. After the game, he announced his desire to keep on playing well for West Brom by aiming to score 15 league goals. On 16 April Odemwingie edged closer to this personal target when he became West Brom's joint top goalscorer ever in a single season in the Premier League with a goal against Chelsea, bringing his tally to 12. Because of his continued success in his debut season in England, Odemwingie was reportedly targeted by a number of big clubs, including Italian giants Juventus, but Odemwingie dispelled talk of a move, stating that he's happy at West Brom.
Odemwingie continued his fine form, scoring a lovely curling effort with his left foot in the fifth minute against Tottenham Hotspur. This brought him on to 13 league goals for the season, and meant that he had scored four in his last five games. On 30 April, Odemwingie became the first player in West Brom's Premier League history to score in four consecutive games. This goal came against Aston Villa and meant he had scored 15 goals thus far in his debut season. It would also contribute to Odemwingie's second Premier League Player of the Month award of the season. His side faced Everton at the Hawthorns on 14 May and Odemwingie provided an assist for Youssuf Mulumbu to score the only goal of the game. The result put West Brom on 46 points, bolstering their chances of finishing as the Midlands' highest placed club in the Premier League. Odemwingie ended the 2010–11 Season as West Bromwich Albion's top goal scorer with 15 league goals.
2011–12.
On 18 August it was announced that Odemwingie had signed a new three-year agreement with West Bromwich Albion, after a £4,000,000 bid from Wigan Athletic was turned down by the club. After some injury setbacks, he scored his first goal of the 2011–12 season away to Norwich City, pouncing on confusion between Richie De Laet and Declan Rudd. Odemwingie's second goal of the season came in the Black Country derby, where West Bromwich Albion defeated Wolverhampton Wanderers 2–0. Odemwingie scored a spectacular goal against Blackburn Rovers on 17 December, putting West Brom into a late lead after James Morrison had scored a stunning volley earlier in the half.
The result put West Brom up to 13th in the table heading into the busy Christmas period and gave Odemwingie his third league goal of the season. Odemwingie opened the scoring in the twentieth minute of the Baggies next fixture at Newcastle United, a 3–2 victory, on Tuesday 21 December. The result extended Newcastle's winless run in the Premier League to 6 games, put West Brom up to 10 and sealed their first victory at Newcastle in the league since 1977. On 12 February, Odemwingie scored his first Premier League hat-trick for the club in a 5–1 victory over Black Country rival Wolverhampton Wanderers. On 25 February he scored 2 goals in a 4–0 win against Sunderland. His performances in the month of February led him to be named the Premier League Player of the Month for the third time in his career.
2012–13.
Odemwingie started off the new Premier League season well, converting a penalty in a 3–0 victory over Liverpool on 18 August 2012. During West Brom's game on 15 September against Fulham, Odemwingie kicked out at Sascha Riether and was penalised with a red card; West Brom went on to lose the game 3–0, their first defeat of the season. On 5 November 2012, Odemwingie scored a brace against Southampton, his second of the season coming from a shot that deflected off Maya Yoshida past Paulo Gazzaniga and his third a headed goal from a Shane Long cross.
Odemwingie headed in the winner against Chelsea on 17 November, pushing West Brom to a 2–1 home victory, their sixth win from seven home games to start the season. Later in the season Odemwingie scored against Aston Villa to make it 2–2 in the 83rd minute after West Brom had been 2 goals down at half-time in an enthralling match. On 25 January 2013, West Brom announced they had rejected a formal transfer request from Odemwingie.
Odemwingie's future at West Bromwich Albion came under doubt when he launched a tirade against his club on Twitter, in addition to accusing them of "reaching into his pocket", reiterating his wish for a move elsewhere. On 31 January 2013, he was seen on Sky Sports News during the final day of the transfer window parked outside of Loftus Road in an attempt to sign for Queens Park Rangers, but was refused entry as no offer was accepted for him. He was widely criticised for his actions, with Albion chairman Jeremy Peace saying he acted "unprofessionally", and that he was obligated to see out the rest of his contract. Both QPR manager Harry Redknapp and representatives from West Brom stated in the aftermath that Redknapp had been in contact with West Brom to finalise a move and that Odemwingie had arrived at the stadium under the impression a deal had been reached for his sale, however, talks fell through and no agreement was reached. After initially being sent home from training on his return to West Brom, Odemwingie was later disciplined by the club for his actions on transfer deadline day and resumed training, while also publicly apologizing for his behaviour. He returned to the side against Sunderland on 23 February 2013 coming on as a substitute in the final few minutes and was jeered by some Albion supporters. Steve Clarke continued to use Odemwingie as a substitute which caused him to again attack the club on Twitter. At the end of the season Steve Clarke stated that he expected Odemwingie to leave West Brom in August 2013. Odemwingie's 30 Premier League goals for Albion make him the club's top scorer in the competition.
Cardiff City.
On 2 September 2013, Odemwingie signed a two-year contract with Cardiff City for £2.25 million. Speaking after the move Odemwingie stated that he was eager for a fresh start in his career. He made his debut on 22 September 2013 in a 1–0 defeat against Tottenham Hotspur. He scored his first goal for the club two days later in a 3–2 defeat against West Ham United in the League Cup. He also scored in a 2–1 loss against Newcastle United on 5 October 2013. He developed a good relationship with manager Malky Mackay who stated that Odemwingie "is a joy to work with". However Mackay was replaced with Ole Gunnar Solskjær in January 2014 and Odemwingie fell out of favour.
Stoke City.
On 28 January 2014, Odemwingie joined Stoke City on an 18-month contract in a player-exchange with Kenwyne Jones. Odemwingie described his move to Stoke as a "step forward". He made his debut the next day in a 1–0 defeat away at Sunderland. He scored his first goal for Stoke on 8 February 2014 in a 2–2 draw against Southampton. Odemwingie scored in a 3–1 win over West Ham United on 15 March 2014. He followed this up with goals against Aston Villa and Hull City. He ended 2013–14 with five goals in 15 appearances for the Potters which earned him a place in Nigeria's 30-man provisional squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
Odemwingie suffered a knee ligament injury in a 1–0 win at Manchester City on 30 August 2014, ruling him out for most of the 2014–15 season. Odemwingie returned to full training in April 2015. He made his return from injury on 25 April 2015 in a 1–1 draw with Sunderland. Odemwingie only managed eight appearances in an injury hit 2014–15 campaign as Stoke again finished in 9th position. On 2 July 2015 Odemwingie signed a new one-year contract with Stoke City.
After struggling for playing time with Stoke in 2015–16, Odemwingie joined Championship side Bristol City on loan in March 2016. He played seven times for the Robins scoring twice against Bolton Wanderers and Rotherham United. He was released by Stoke at the end of the 2015–16 season.
Following his release from Stoke, Odemwingie had a trial with Hull City in July 2016.
Rotherham United.
On 24 October 2016, Odemwingie signed a short-term contract until 25 January 2017 with Rotherham United, becoming Kenny Jackett's first signing for the club. On 29 October, Odemwingie made his debut for Rotherham, coming on as a substitute, replacing Jon Taylor in the 80th minute, in a 2–2 draw against Ipswich Town. Odemwingie was given a straight red card for a forearm smash in Kenny Jackett's final match as Rotherham manager on 26 November in a 2–1 defeat against Leeds United. Odemwingie left Rotherham United at the end of his short-term contract, informing his manager via text message that he would not be staying at the club.
Madura United.
On 3 April 2017, Odemwingie joined Indonesian Liga 1 side Madura United as a marquee player. He scored on his league debut, successfully netting a penalty in a 2–0 triumph against Bali United on 16 April. He created his first hat-trick against Semen Padang on 12 April 2017.
Odemwingie announced his retirement on 3 April 2019.
International career.
Odemwingie chose to represent Nigeria where his father was born. His first match came as a substitute in a 3–0 victory over Kenya on 4 May 2002. He scored his first goal in the 2004 Nations cup qualifying match against Angola. In the finals he scored in the 80th and 82nd minute of a 4-0 win over South Africa, as well as scoring in the 52nd minute of the 3rd place play-off to put Nigeria 2-0 up in an eventual 2-1 win over Mali. At the 2006 Africa Cup of Nations, he played in the semi-final as the Super Eagles lost to Ivory Coast 1–0. He was also included to play for Nigeria in the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations.
In 2008, Odemwingie was selected as an over-age player for the Super Eagles' Olympic squad, scoring in the quarter-final against Ivory Coast as the team earned the silver medal after losing the final to defending champions Argentina.
He captained the team for the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, and when Nigeria bowed out of the competition at the semi-final stage, Odemwingie controversially openly criticised coach Shaibu Amodu's tactics, blaming them for the defeat. He was chosen as part of the Best XI of the tournament.
Odemwingie was selected for the Nigeria squad for the 2010 FIFA World Cup, appearing against Argentina and Greece in the Super Eagles' group stage exit. After the team's elimination, Odemwingie, who was omitted from the team for the final match against South Korea, publicly criticised coach Lars Lagerbäck.
Odemwingie was involved in a dispute with Nigeria's coach Stephen Keshi after being omitted from the squad for 2013 Africa Cup of Nations but was named in Nigeria's 30-man provisional squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup on 12 May 2014, despite not representing the team for over year. In June 2014, he made the cut for the final 23-man squad.
After appearing as a substitute in the team's opening match against Iran, he was named in the starting line-up for the second group fixture against Bosnia and Herzegovina on 21 June. In scoring the only goal of the match, Odemwingie gave the Super Eagles their first win at the FIFA World Cup since the 1998 edition.
Personal life.
Originally from Benin City, Odemwingie was born to a Nigerian father and a Tatar mother. His middle name, Osaze, in the Edo language means "God chooses (for you)". Odemwingie married his fiancée, Sarah Fallon, on 26 May 2012 at a church in Northampton after two years of dating.
Since his retirement from professional football, Odemwingie has qualified as a PGA professional golfer.
Career statistics.
Club.
Source:
Honours.
La Louvière
Nigeria
Individual 

</doc>
<doc id="6976453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976453" title="St. Anns, Nova Scotia">
St. Anns, Nova Scotia

St. Anns is an unincorporated area in the Municipality of the County of Victoria, Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia. It is on the southwestern shore of St. Anns Bay at the intersection of the Cabot Trail and Nova Scotia Highway 105, the Trans-Canada Highway.
It is home to the Gaelic College of Celtic Arts and Crafts, which is located on the property of 19th century clergyman, Norman McLeod who led approximately 800 residents from Canada to Waipu, New Zealand, during the 1850s.

</doc>
<doc id="6976458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976458" title="Colombia (cocktail)">
Colombia (cocktail)

The Colombia is a cocktail containing vodka and curaçao. The layering effect takes advantage of the variation in density and temperature between the layers. The drink appears as stacked horizontal layers of yellow, blue and red, which matches the three colours of the Colombian flag.

</doc>
<doc id="6976460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976460" title="State Route 23 (Virginia 1918)">
State Route 23 (Virginia 1918)



</doc>
<doc id="6976461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976461" title="Photograph Smile">
Photograph Smile

Photograph Smile is the fifth studio album by English singer-songwriter Julian Lennon, released in 1998, after a seven-year hiatus following his previous album, "Help Yourself". A promotional sampler was released in 1999 in the US containing the tracks: "I Don't Wanna Know", "Day After Day" and "And She Cries".
The music video of "I Don't Wanna Know" features a parody band of the Beatles called the Butlers. The music video features the Butlers (Ken, a parody of John Lennon; Hector, based on Paul McCartney; Daisy, based on George Harrison; and Bingo, based on Ringo Starr) in a concert with many screaming fans. The concert takes place on a stage similar to the arrow stage from the Beatles' appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show. There is also a box seat with the Queen and Prince, played by Julian Lennon. The first and third segments of the video are filmed in black and white.
Personnel.
Musicians
Production

</doc>
<doc id="6976462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976462" title="Andrejs Piedels">
Andrejs Piedels

Andrejs Piedels (born 17 September 1970) is a former Latvian football goalkeeper.
Career.
He played for Pārdaugava, Daugava, Amstrig, DAG, Skonto FC, FK Jūrmala, FK Daugava Riga and Olimps/RFS.
He collected 14 caps for the Latvia national football team and participated at Euro 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="6976469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976469" title="Commission (remuneration)">
Commission (remuneration)

Commissions are a form of variable-pay remuneration for services rendered or products sold. Commissions are a common way to motivate and reward salespeople. Commissions can also be designed to encourage specific sales behaviors. For example, commissions may be reduced when granting large discounts. Or commissions may be increased when selling certain products the organization wants to promote. Commissions are usually implemented within the framework on a sales incentive program, which can include one or multiple commission plans (each typically based on a combination of territory, position, or products).
Payments are often calculated using a percentage of revenue, a way for firms to solve the principal–agent problem by attempting to realign employees' interests with those of the firm. However, models other than percentages are possible, such as profit-based approaches, or bonus-based approaches. Commissions allow sales personnel to be paid (in part or entirely) based on products or services sold, rather than just hourly or based on attempted sales. Although many types of commission systems exist, a common methodology to manage total spend is known as on-target earnings. On-target earnings represent a salesperson's base pay, plus expected commissions (assuming the salesperson meets a quota). On-target earnings help salespersons estimate their expected total compensation, should they meet company-specified goals.
One of the most common means of attempting to align principal and agent interests is to design incentives tracking agent performance. There is a high degree of variability in terms of types of compensation plans, such as fixed salary, straight commissions, or a combination of both. Often, commissions are awarded for reaching a sales goal called a quota. Also, commission structures can include multiple levels of attainments, each with a different threshold and associated rewards.
A commission structure can apply to employees or independent contractors. Industries where commissions are common include car sales, property sales, insurance booking, and most sales jobs. In the United States, a real estate broker who successfully sells a property might collect a commission of 6% of the sale price.
Legal implications.
In a case from the 19th century that is still referred to today, "Murray v. Beard", 7 N.E. 553, 554-55 (N.Y. 1886), the New York Court of Appeals held that under New York's faithless servant doctrine a disloyal broker could not recover commissions from his employer, holding that "An agent is held to "uberrima fides" in his dealings with his principal; and if he acts adversely to his employer in any part of the transaction ... it amounts to such a fraud upon the principal, as to forfeit any right to compensation for services."
In 2011, California Governor Jerry Brown signed into law AB 1396 amending the California Labor Code requiring all employers who pay commissions to enter into written contracts with their employees regarding how commissions will be earned, computed and paid. The new law, effective on January 1, 2013, further states that commission excludes "short-term productivity bonuses such as those paid to retail clerks" and "bonus and profit-sharing plans, unless there has been an offer by the employer to pay a fixed percentage of sales or profits as compensation for work to be performed".
Trail commission.
Trail commission (TC) is commission paid by investment management companies to financial advisers. It is generally around 0.1% to 0.9% p.a. of the value invested by a client.
If an investment is made directly through a financial adviser, TC is generally kept by the adviser. 
A financial adviser should act purely in the investors' best interests. However, it is possible that the financial adviser may direct the investment towards funds that are most profitable in terms of TC. Supporters of the directing of investments into funds benefiting the financial adviser claim that it encourages the adviser to maintain the value of the portfolio, thus aligning their interests with those of their clients. Detractors suggest that investors are usually unaware of the practice and that it is ineffective as an incentive.
Following the Retail Distribution Review in the United Kingdom, trail commission is banned on sales of new investment products as of April 6, 2014 and will required to be completely phased out by April 6, 2016.
UK.
In the financial services industry in the UK, rules set out in the Retail Distribution Review of December 31, 2012 mean that an independent financial adviser cannot take commission in the management of their client's wealth. As set out by the Financial Conduct Authority, advisers must now agree an upfront charging structure in advance to a client before advice is given.
For customers who do not want to pay a separate upfront fee, there is an option to have payment of the charges deducted from the investment held by the product provider. These new measures have been applauded by many, particularly in the financial services industry. This has led to changes in the direct to consumer, non-advised sector, with some companies now charging upfront fees to customers for financial products rather than taking commission on policies and investments.

</doc>
<doc id="6976473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976473" title="GNASH">
GNASH



</doc>
<doc id="6976474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976474" title="Julien Baudet">
Julien Baudet

Julien Baudet (born 13 January 1979) is a French footballer and current manager.
Club career.
Europe.
Although excelling as a skier in his youth, Baudet chose to concentrate on football, beginning his career with Toulouse FC in France, where he spent two years, clocking up 21 league appearances.
In 2001 Baudet moved to Oldham Athletic in the third tier in England on a free transfer. Spending two years at Oldham, he made 44 league appearances, scoring his first goal on 20 April 2002 against Queens Park Rangers.
After a free transfer in summer 2003 to Rotherham United in the second tier, Baudet played 11 times in the league before a free transfer to Notts County in Football League Two, where he spent two seasons as a regular starter and became club captain.
In July 2006, Baudet moved on yet another free transfer – to Crewe Alexandra – where he improved his game a great deal under the guidance of Steve Holland and Dario Gradi, becoming the club captain after the retirement of Neil Cox. He scored his first goal away at Carlisle United, and became quickly became a fans favourite and a vital part of the whole team including defence and attack. He was known as "the beast" by Crewe fans for his strong bustling presence and his contributions to the attack with spectacular long range free-kicks.
After being voted the Fans' Player of the Year for the 2007–08 season, Baudet commented, with typical understatement, that he was "relatively pleased" with the way he played over the year and that "like all footballers you do have good and bad days, but I think I have been fairly consistent in what has proved to be a disappointing season for the club", referring to Crewe's relegation battle to stay in League One.
North America.
On 17 April 2009, Baudet reported that he would transfer at the end of the 2008–09 season to the Colorado Rapids of Major League Soccer. On 25 July 2009 Baudet made his competitive home debut for Colorado Rapids, breaking his arm in the first half after landing awkwardly on it. Baudet received a yellow card for the reckless challenge which resulted in the broken arm. Colorado eventually won the game 4–0 over New York Red Bulls. Upon his return from injury on 30 August 2009, Baudet came on as a substitute and opened his account with the Rapids, scoring the only goal in a 1–0 win over Houston Dynamo.
After winning the MLS Cup with Colorado, Baudet was traded to Seattle Sounders FC, along with teammate Danny Earls, on 22 November 2010.
Celtic trial.
On 7 February 2011, Baudet featured in a Celtic XI who faced the League of Ireland team Shamrock Rovers at the Tallaght Stadium in Dublin. He played the full 90 minutes as Celtic ran out 2–0 winners, with goals from Daryl Murphy and Graham Carey.
GF38.
Baudet played his first match with Grenoble Foot 38 of the Championnat de France amateur or CFA, the fourth level of French football, on 21 July 2012. Baudet expressed excitement for the opportunity to play for his hometown team.
Coaching career.
After failing to earn a contract with Celtic, Baudet returned to England and began the process of obtaining a UEFA Pro Licence in coaching. On 19 June 2011, he was named manager of French amateur club AC Seyssinet. The club currently plays in the Division d'Honneur Régionale, the seventh division of French football.

</doc>
<doc id="6976475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976475" title="Deur Kothar">
Deur Kothar

Deorkothar (also: Deur Kothar) is a location of archaeological importance in Madhya Pradesh, Central India. It was discovered in 1982 and is known for Buddhist stupas credited to the Mauryan emperor Ashoka.
The discovery and excavations.
P.K. Mishra (Archaeological Survey of India) discovered Deorkothar in 1982 along with Ajit Singh, sarpanch of village Barhat. It was declared a monument of national importance in 1988 by the Govt of India and is being preserved and conserved by Archaeological Survey of India, Bhopal.
Realising the importance of the site, and its likely international bearing on Buddhism, the Archaeological Survey of India decided to carry out extensive, but controlled, excavations at the site. The excavations were started at the site in 1999 and continued up to 2000. The site is marked by four stupa mounds built out of brick out of which two stupas No. 1 and 2 were subjected to archaeological excavations. Stupa no. 1 is about high. There are remnants of 30 stupas made of stones or bricks. In the surrounding area there are 63 rock shelters with old rock paintings. Some rocks have inscriptions in Brahmi language.
Deorkothar inscription.
The six line Brahmi inscription on the Deorkothar pillar is considered to be the earliest evidence of the historic Buddha. It is given below, transliterated into Devanagari script.
&lt;poem&gt;
भ ग व तो बु ध
उ त र मि त्रो उ त र मि त्र स अ
भ ड्‍ भ ड्‍ स आ ते वा सि ना दि नु
उ पा स क स आ ते वा सि स व ज य स व
ध म द वे न के क डी के न ब स ति ये
उ स पि तो भं भो आ आ च रि ये न क सि &lt;/poem&gt;
The inscription mentions Buddha on the first line. The gist of the inscription, pertains to the erection and dedication of stone pillar by an unnamed Upasaka and his disciples in memory of the Buddha, the enlightened one. The inscription speaks about an Acharya, named Dharamdev, and his three disciples – Uttarmitra, Bhadra and Upasaka, who used to reside in the monastery. They installed this pillar, dedicating it to the Buddha.

</doc>
<doc id="6976478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976478" title="Route 8 (Virginia)">
Route 8 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6976483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976483" title="Virginia State Highway 8">
Virginia State Highway 8



</doc>
<doc id="6976492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976492" title="Operations Vulcan and Strike">
Operations Vulcan and Strike

Operation Vulcan (22 April – 1 May 1943) was one of the last ground attacks by the Allied forces of the First Army against the Italian and German forces in Tunis, Cape Bon and Bizerte, the last Axis bridgeheads in North Africa, during the Tunisian campaign of the Second World War.
Operation Vulcan commenced on 22 April to breach the Axis defences and break out beyond towards Bizerte and Tunis. The attack succeeded in capturing important strategic locations such as Longstop Hill, Point 174 and Hill 609 and forced the Axis to withdraw elsewhere resulting in large areas being abandoned to the Allies. Vulcan did not break out through into the open ground as planned, but it severely weakened the Axis forces, and became the first stage of the final Allied assault in the Tunisian campaign.
Background.
Allies.
Allied forces had landed in French North Africa in July 1942 and since November 1942 the British Eighth Army had pushed Axis forces westwards from Egypt and across Libya, leaving only Tunisia under Axis control. The allied First Army (Kenneth Anderson) despite not having captured Tunis by December 1943 had began to hem in Army Group Africa (/) by the beginning of the following year. The Eighth Army (General Bernard Montgomery) having won the Western Desert campaign were now aiming to join First Army in Tunisia. They had broken through Axis positions at the Battle of Wadi Akarit by 7 April and combined with the US II Corps attack at the Battle of El Guettar, Axis troops fell back to defensible positions north and west of Enfidaville, south of Cape Bon. The mountains there descend to the sea, with a narrow passage to Hammamet.
Allied aircraft had been moved forward to the recently captured airfields in Eastern Tunisia by Eighth Army to prevent the aerial supply of Axis troops in North Africa. In Operation Flax the Allied air forces successfully cut off Axis supplies, and gained control of the air.
Following their breakthrough at Wadi Akarit, Eighth Army troops pushed along the coastal plain of Eastern Tunisia and took Sfax on 10 April and Sousse two days later. Patrols met advance guards of U. S. II Corps on the Gabes road and linked up the Allied lines. An attack by the British 6th Armoured and the US 34th Infantry divisions took the Fondouk Pass on the same day, followed by Kairouan.
By April 13, the Allied line faced the Axis who were now concentrated in Northeastern Tunisia from Enfidaville on the Southeast facing the Eighth Army, Pont Du Fahs and Medjez El Bab to Sedjenane facing the First Army. Anderson was able to turn his full attention to the orders he had received from Alexander to prepare the large-scale attack, scheduled for 22 April, to gain Tunis code named Operation Vulcan.
For Vulcan, Alexander shifted his attack from the narrow bottleneck at the south to the broad western side, where British, American, and French troops could maneuver in unison. Three divisions of the Eighth Army were transferred to the First Army while US II Corps had 100,000 men moved 150 miles north, passing through the British First Army to the Beja road which ran to Bizerte.
Axis.
"Generalfeldmarschall" Erwin Rommel believed that the Axis position in Tunisia was untenable and he had recommended the evacuation of all German troops to Italy, where he believed they could be more useful. His advice was rejected by Adolf Hitler. Axis offensives (Operation Frühlingswind and Operation Ochsenkopf) attempted to force back the allies, but only delayed further allied offensives. Eventually allied forces retook all lost ground by early April.
Prelude.
Operation Oration.
To support Operation Vulcan the Eighth Army aimed to tie down as many Axis troops as possible, while the 1st Army was making their attacks. Called Operation Oration, the British objective was to break through the Enfidaville Line. The is meant taking the high ground as well as the tactically important town of Enfidaville. To reinforce the First Army, the 1st Armoured Division was transferred from the Eighth Army on 18 April. Montgomery, unhappy with this move, hoped to breakthrough first and capture Tunis. Facing the Eighth Army was the 1st Army (General Giovanni Messe) a mix of veteran but under strength Italian and German divisions.
On 19 April, X Corps (Brian Horrocks) launched an attack after an artillery bombardment. The 4th Indian Infantry Division (Francis Tuker) and the 2nd New Zealand Division (Bernard Freyburg) advanced into the hills west of Enfidaville to capture Takrouna and Djebel Garci hill respectively. The Italians defending their main defensive line fell back to another defensive line to escape the bombardment. The 50th Northumbrian Division took the town of Enfidaville after severe fighting from the Italian 16th Motorized Division "Pistoia". The New Zealanders meanwhile took the village of Takrouna along with its dominating hill, and the 4th Indian Division took the southern portion of Djebel Garci with many casualties. By the end of the first day it was clear a breakthrough had not been achieved. The northward advance of Eighth Army had "pinched out" US II Corps' eastward facing front line, allowing the corps to be withdrawn and switched to the northern end of the Allied front.
Montgomery allowed the offensive to continue but the next day was dominated by Axis counter-attacks led by Fritz Bayerlein. The 16th "Pistoia" launched several counter attacks towards Enfidaville but were beaten back. Elsewhere Axis attempts to retake the lost ground were repelled with severe losses on both sides. With the advance halted, Montgomery learned that the Axis position in Africa was hopeless through ULTRA intelligence. He ordered Oration to be terminated on 21 April as further casualties were not worth it. Montgomery authorised local minor attacks in order to keep the pressure on Axis forces in front of the Eighth Army while Vulcan was in progress.
"Unternehmen Fliederblüte".
While the British were preparing for Vulcan, the Germans launched a spoiling attack on the night of 20/21 April 1943. Code named "Unternehmen Fliederblüte" (Operation Lilac Blossom) they were to strike at V Corps on Djebel Djaffa, also known as Banana Ridge in an attempt to retake it.
The Germans attacked four points simultaneously, including a pass on the north side of Djebel Djaffa. Elements of the 10th Panzer Division supported by Tiger Tanks and infantry from the 1st Hermann Göring Division surprised the British and broke through the positions on the ridge, but fell headlong into British artillery ready for Vulcan. In the ensuing bombardment, with the British firing sometimes over open sights, the Germans suffered severe losses in men and tanks. British troops supported by Churchill tanks counter-attacked and pushed the Germans back and after determined fighting, retook Banana Ridge.
Operation Vulcan.
Longstop Hill and the Gab Gab Gap.
The British V Corps began with a preliminary attack on 21 April, aimed at retaking the heights of Djebel el Ahmera, Sidi Ahmed ridge and Djebel Rhar, known collectively as Longstop Hill. The hill had been lost to the Germans four months earlier. The hill was defended by the reinforced 999th Light "Afrika" Division which was composed of the 962nd "Afrika-Schützen-Regiment" and the III/754th Grenadier Regiment. Infantry of the 78th (Battleaxe) Division and Churchill Mk III tanks of the North Irish Horse assaulted the position.
Djebel Ahmera was seized on 24 April by the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders and the East Surrey Regiment after severe fighting. Later that day an attempt was made by East Surreys and a squadron of tanks, to clear Sidi Ahmed ridge just north of Longstop Hill and that too was captured and held.
The main hill, Djebel Rhar was attacked on 2 April, when the Buffs (Royal East Kent Regiment) along with Churchill tanks stormed up the hill. With gradients of 1:3 the Churchills managed to creep over the crest of the hill and breached the German defences, much to the surprise of the defenders. The Buffs and Argylls then cleared the German positions - some 650 prisoners were taken during the battle. Longstop was the last great natural barrier barring movement towards Tunis.
Once Longstop had been taken the 24th Guard Brigade launched an attack against Djebels Assoud and Bou Aoukaz on 27 April - two dominating postions approaching Tebourba. Advancing some 2,000 yards through the Gab Gab Gap they took the Irish Guards took Djebel Assoud while the Grenadier Guards took Djebel Bou Aoukaz despite heavy casualties. The Germans counter attacked and managed to regain the left flank of Djebel Bou Aoukaz. The Scots Guards attempted to regain the postions, but eventually the hill became isolated by 29 April due to heavy bombardments and exposure to machine gun fire. In this time Von Arnim desperate to plug gaps had formed all remaining Armoured units into one force - Kampafgruppe Irkens.
By May 1 the Irish Guards were finally relieved on Djebel Assoud with only 80 survivors. Up to 700 German dead were counted in front of them. In this action the 24th Guards Brigade won two Victoria Crossess.
Medjez El Bab and Madjerda.
The main V Corps attack was made by the 1st Infantry Division and the 4th Infantry Division in the Medjerda valley and Medjez el Bab. 1st Division's objective was Point 174, a ridge between Grich el Oued and Gueriat el Atach near Medjez El Bab. On 22 April, the attack began with 45 tanks of the 142nd Regiment Royal Armoured Corps and the 2nd Infantry Brigade backed by massed artillery. The 2nd North Staffords, seized the nearby Points 151 and 156, holding both against German counter attacks. The Loyal Regiment then led the assault on Point 174 that was captured in a costly success; while digging in they were ejected by a German counter-attack.
The next day, the 3rd Infantry Brigade with support of Churchill tanks from 48th Royal Tank Regiment and 147 Regiment Royal Armoured Corps launched a new attack. The 2nd Battalion Sherwood Foresters without tank support, who were late arriving, had managed to capture a position near Point 174 and in an assault finally seized the position. After its capture the following day, the Germans again counter-attacked with tanks including Tigers from the 504th Heavy Panzer Battalion (schwere Panzer-Abteilung 504). The leading platoon was immediately overrun with only PIAT and mortar fire to defend against the Tigers. Churchill tanks and anti tank guns were brought up and the counterattack was repelled with the Germans in retreat, and Point 174 was consolidated. In addition a Tiger tank (Tiger 131) was captured intact, which proved valuable.
On the morning of 22 April, the 46th Division attacked on the IX Corps front, aiming for the hills northeast of Bou Arada held by elements of elite Division "Hermann Göring". It was hoped that a gap would be created for the 6th Armoured Division to pass through by nightfall, followed by 1st Armoured Division into the Goubellat plain. After a heavy artillery bombardment the 46th struck and in heavy fighting took its objectives, but took two days to fully clear and thus was not quick enough to forestall the creation of a strong anti-tank screen. The 6th Armoured Division managed to pierce the German defences but were unable to break out quick enough. Von Arnim ordered reinforcements from 1st Italian army and the 10th Panzer Division as the southern wing of the Hermann Göring division began to buckle. 6th Armoured penetrated as far as Pont du Fahs who along with pressure from the French XIX Corps attacking through the Kebir river valley meant that the Germans were forced to withdraw to shorten their defence line. The French took the highest mountain, Djebel-el-Zaghouan, and indented the flanks at Pont-du-Fahs. On 26 April the attack ground to halt around Sabkret El Kourzia as Axis reinforcements began to tell. By 27 April the British and French held on to their objectives despite counter attacks. Both sides suffered heavy losses, but more crippling to Axis - 10th Panzer Division had less than 25 operational tanks left and there were none left for resupply.
On 24 April, the 4th Infantry Division went to attack three features around Peter's Corner, Sidi Abdullah, Cactus Farm and 'Point 133'. Once captured, it was then hoped that 10th and 21st Tank Brigades would storm through beyond the sheltered village of Ksar Tyr. The fighting was costly against German units in well-prepared and dug-in defences. They were opposed by German "Fallschirmjager" (paratroops) of the elite Division "Hermann Göring". At Cactus Farm, the British infantry was faced by extensive defensive fire from well-concealed German paratroopers. Churchill tanks of the 12th Royal Tank Regiment (21st Tank Brigade) advanced without infantry support and the tanks were attacked with Molotov cocktails and sticky Teller anti-tank mines. Twelve tanks were destroyed and in some cases, their crews were rescued by the Germans. On 30 April another attack went in, but the Germans this time had evacuated the farm to a new defensive position.
By the end of April, it had taken V Corps eight days to penetrate and capture most of the Axis defensive positions.
The battle had drawn the Axis reserves of armour south, away from the central front. Seeing that no further progress was likely, Anderson withdrew the 6th Armoured Division and most of the 46th Infantry Division into army reserve.
Hill 609.
II US Corps commanded by Major General Omar Bradley attacked on two areas in the North and the South. The Northern attack began on 23 April with the Corps francs d'Afrique a mixed force of French escapees from Vichy France, Moroccon Tabors, Berber tribesmen, Spanish Loyalists and other political refugees in support. Avoiding the valleys the Americans took the more strenuous task of attacking along the ridges sometimes with mule trains. Despite heavy casualties the objectives were taken by 25 April and held against counter attacks. Eventually Kef en Nsour was taken on 2 May which overlooked the Mateur plain. 
The 9th Infantry division next to them moved towards Jefna with Djebel Anchouna and the Hills beyond - 432 ('Bald') and 438 ('Green') as their objectives. By 30 April after heaving fighting Djebel Anchouna's crests were taken, and after a heavy artillery bombardment the Germans abandoned Jefna. The Americans then captured 'Green' and 'Bald' Hills which opened up the Jefna-Mataur road and leaving Axis forces hanging on the edge of the Mateur plain.
Meanwhile the Southern attack was directed against Hill 609 (Djebel Tahent) which was the last commanding height on the German defensive line in front of them. It was thus heavily defended and was one of the most difficult objectives in Tunisia due to its steep slopes. The hill was flanked by two others Hill 490 and Hill 531.
On 26 April the attack commenced - 34th Infantry Division was ordered to take the hill backed by II US Corps artillery. After bitter resistance from the German defenders which included a German paratroop unit (Barenthin), the attack stalled over the next two days with severe casualties. Hearing of the failure this far Anderson requested that hill should be bypassed, but Bradley angrily turned this down. The attack went in again and Hill 490 was won on 28 April, but attempts on Hill 531 and 609 again stalled. German flanking fire made the assault costly. Further attempts resulted in heavy losses and by 29 April, US units had gained Hill 531 but attacks on Hill 609 had again been repelled. By this point US losses were 183 killed, 1,594 wounded and some 676 captured or missing.
On 30 April Bradley desperatly wanted the hill seized and this time sent in Sherman tanks. With heavy artillery support, the Americans despite losing a number of tanks reached the hill and drove off the Germans. Having dug in on the plateau, the expected German counter attack came in the next day but the Americans held on to their postions. The capture of Hill 609 was not only a relief for Bradley, but also a much needed American victory providing a springboard for further successes.
Final attacks.
By 1 May the seizure of Hill 609 forced the Germans to retreat to a defensive line near the Garaet Achkel salt lake only from Bizerte. The Americans captured Mateur and came within thirteen miles of Bizerte, north of Achkel, as the Axis forces moved south on Tunis attempting to find refuge at Cape Bon.
On 29 April, a final attempt was made on the Eighth Army front to capture Djebels Srafi and Terhouna and break out beyond. The inexperienced 169th Infantry Brigade of 56th (London) Infantry Division had only been on the front for 48 hours having just arrived after a journey from Syria. The attack on the hills held by the German 90th Light Infantry Division failed with 250 casualties. The result of this convinced Montgomery and Alexander that an Eighth Army attack north from Enfidaville, into strongly-held and difficult terrain, would not succeed.
Aftermath.
The First Army had dented the line but had not broken through and had lost some 252 tanks, a considerable portion of its armour. Ultra decrypts revealed that the Axis forces were at breaking point. By 1 May, the Germans were down to 69 operational tanks (including four Tigers) in the Tunisian theatre. The counter-attacks had used most of the remaining fuel reserves, further restricting tactical mobility. Vulcan had made less progress than hoped but tactically important positions had been captured. Vulcan along with Operation Flax, played an important part in weakening the Axis frontline.
After some changes and movements Operation Strike was planned over the next week after Vulcan's termination. Launched on May 6 Allied forces broke through with ease against the depleted Axis forces. Tunis and Bizerte were captured by the British and Americans respectively within a day, and soon Axis forces began to surrender en masse. By May 13 after scattered resistance Axis forces had fully surrendered including their commanders Von Arnim and Marshal Messe ending the Tunisian, as well as the North African campaign.
Operation Strike.
Operation Strike (6–13 May 1943) was the last ground attack by the Allied forces of the First Army against the Italian and German forces in Tunis, Cape Bon and Bizerte, the last Axis bridgeheads in North Africa, during the Tunisian campaign of the Second World War. The offensive was launched only a week after the end of Operation Vulcan, in which the Axis forces had been severely weakened and hemmed in against the coast, but the allies were unable to break out.
Operation Strike was the follow up attack launched on 6 May. This time the Axis line was broken within 24 hours. Allied forces then streamed through and cut off various units. For the Axis, escape was impossible - on the following day Tunis fell to British forces and Bizerte fell to US troops. Axis forces were destroyed piecemeal, with massed surrenders taking place. Some fighting continued until the last Axis forces surrendered on 13 May 1943 bringing the total to around 250,000. Strike ended the North African campaign.
Background.
By April 1943 Axis forces had become hemmed in by Frist in the North and Centre and Eigths Army in the South. Operation Vulcan commenced on 22 April to breach the Axis defences and break out beyond towards Bizerte and Tunis. The attack succeeded in capturing important strategic locations such as Longstop Hill, Point 174 and Hill 609 and forced the Axis to withdraw elsewhere resulting in large areas being abandoned to the Allies. Vulcan did not break out through into the open ground as planned, but it severely weakened the Axis forces, and became the first stage of the final Allied assault in the Tunisian campaign.
By April 30, First Army Commander Kenneth Anderson realised that a revision was necessary to achieve the complete destruction of Axis forces in North Africa. The revised final phase of the assault on Tunis was code named Strike and was aimed to be launched on May 6. For Strike, IX Corps was reinforced with experienced units of the Eighth Army, the 7th Armoured Division (Major-General George Erskine), 4th Indian Division (Francis Tuker) and the 201st Guards Brigade.
Plan.
Anderson arranged for a large deception - a concentration of dummy tanks near Bou Arada on the IX Corps' front. This was to draw attention from the arrival of 7th Armoured Division in the Medjez el Bab sector.
IX Corps was to use its two infantry divisions to break through the Axis defences in front of Massicault. The 4th Infantry Division and the 4th Indian Division were to attack the Axis defences on a narrow front and the 6th Armoured Division and 7th Armoured Division were to "dash through" the gap opened and capture the high ground west of Tunis. In support of this V Corps was to capture Djebel Bou Aoukaz to protect the left flank, the II US Corps was to capture the high ground east and west of Chouigui, the river crossings at Tebourba and Djedeida and finally Bizerta, and French XIX Corps was to take Zaghouan.
The Axis withdrawal against US II Corps on 1 May made it easier for the latter to move up the Ferryville road. The US would then strike for Bizerte and send units south to cooperate with the British in squeezing the 15th Panzer Division out of Tebourba.
Battle.
The operation began at in the morning with troops moving up and artillery concentrations on enemy positions. Four hundred guns were available for the front. In two hours over 16,000 shells were fired in support of the 4th Infantry Division. At first light aerial support was available from the Northwest African Tactical Air Force with some medium bombers of the Northwest African Strategic Air Force. Between bombers, fighter bombers and fighters nearly 2,000 sorties were carried out in 24 hours.
British IX Corps.
IX Corps attacked as planned but still found some resistance. Nevertheless by the end of the day they along with US Corps had pushed back 5th Panzer Army. The dummy tanks, along with other deception tactics, helped achieve a degree of surprise regarding the true size and location of the British armoured force. In the morning of 7 May, the 6th Armoured Division and 7th Armoured Division began to push harder but this time "met only scattered resistance". The 26th Armoured Brigade was in sight of Tunis by the afternoon. Patrols of the 1st Derbyshire Yeomanry and 11th Hussars reached the centre of Tunis around where there some fighting but by the end of the day the city was secured along with scenes of celebrations. The Germans had destroyed the port facilities at both Tunis and Bizerte the day before.The 6th Armoured Division was then ordered to stop Axis defensive positions being formed before the Cape Bon peninsula.
On the same day Operation Retribution was launched. This was an air and naval blockade designed to prevent the seaborne evacuation of Axis forces from Tunisia to Sicily. Axis forces were now completely isolated in northern Tunisia.
II US Corps.
In the II US Corps armour struck in the North and drove towards Djebel Kechabta driving the 15th Panzer Division from Djebel Mansour east of Ferryville. Here the Americans noticed the Germans in full retreat across the Tunis–Bizerte road. The Germans had expended the last of their artillery ammunition. Having advanced from Mateur around Lake Bizerte there was an opportunity to entrap Axis armour on the hills south east of Bizerte. This was achieved when the crossroads were seized east of Mateur. They then moved further towards Protville. As fighting died down US troops entered Bizerte but allowed the Corps Francs Afrique to make a symbolic entry. With Bizerte taken US forces cut off the remains of Fifth Panzer Army. By now Axis forces began to lose contact with each other. Major-General Gustav von Vaerst the commander of the Fifth Panzer Army sent a final situation report on the morning of 9 May to "Heeresgruppe Afrika" - 'Our armour and artillery have been destroyed; without ammunition and fuel; we shall fight to the last'. The French XIX Corps had made a push towards Pont du Fahs and elements entered the town on 7 May.
Axis surrender.
By 9 May the US II Corps had completed the destruction of Fifth Panzer Army - German resistance ceased and troops started surrendering en masse, US forces also cornered von Vaerst who surrendered before noon. At least 12,000 Germans surrendered including the Afrika Corps artillery commander Major-General Fritz Krause who gave himself up to Lieutenant Albert Klein from the US Army Signal Corps.
At nightfall on 11 May, the British 4th Division controlled the peninsula while the 6th Armoured Division held the road from Hammamet to Bou Ficha. Germans prisoners were now also being taken in the thousands, and Royal Engineers were hastily brought up to build makeshift compounds, including one at Grombalia. 
In the French XIX corps sector General Boissau's Oran Division had driven North of centre in the Zaghouan mountains where around 22,000 Germans were trapped between the French Corps and First Army in the north and the Eighth Army South. Seeing no way out a large chunk of 21st Panzer Division, Kampfgruppe Pfieffer with some 10,000 men surrendered along with their equipment to the French. Pfieffer himself surrendered to Lieutenant General Maurice Mathenet of the Maroc Division. The rest of the division including the 21st Panzer's commanding officer Oberst Heinrich-Hermann von Hülsen surrendered to the British.
The 334th Division surrendered to the British forces between Mateur and Tebourba on 8 May. Major-General Count Theodor von Sponeck, commander of the 90th Light Division, surrendered unconditionally to the 2nd New Zealand Division. Von Arnim, surrendered four days later to the Royal Sussex Regiment. Around Enfidaville, the remaining 80,000 troops of the Italian 1st Army was still holding the Allied forces.
On 13 May, RAF and artillery continued their bombardment against all remaining Axis forces in Tunisia, with Messe still commanding. Messe had, with Mussolini's approval, tried to negotiate an "honourable surrender" the previous day but this had been rejected. Earlier in the morning he was promoted to the rank of field marshal but the Allies would only accept unconditional surrender and threatened to resume their attacks, which had been halted the day before.
At 12:20 hours Messe gave the orders - he and the remaining German commander, Kurt von Liebenstein, surrendered late in the day unconditionally to Lieutenant-General Sir Bernard Freyberg and Major General Douglas Graham.
Later that day the First and Eighth Armies met at Bou Ficha, thus completing Operation Strike, and the Tunisian and North African campaign as a whole. It wasn't until 12 June that the last Axis forces had been rounded up when British and Commonwealth forces reported 150,000 Axis POWs taken in their sectors.
Aftermath.
By the close of the operation, nearly 240,000 German and Italian troops had been captured. General Alexander signalled to Winston Churchill,
Joseph Goebbels meanwhile wrote that the end in Tunisia was on the same scale as the defeat in the Battle of Stalingrad; as such many Germans coined the term 'Tunisgrad'.
During Operations Vulcan and Strike, the allies had lost 45 bombers and 110 fighters. Of these, the RAF lost 12 bombers and 47 fighters, while the USAAF lost 32 bombers and 63 fighters. The French lost 1 bomber. In that same time the lost 273 aircraft; 42 bombers, 166 fighters, 52 transport aircraft, 13 observation aircraft and the Italians recorded the loss of 17 aeroplanes; 600+ aircraft were captured by the Allies.
Of the high ranking Axis generals Messe, Von Arnim and Von Vearst were taken into captivity. Messe was only held until September following the Italian Armistice and was made chief of staff of the Italian Co-Belligerent Army by the allies. Von Arnim and Gustav von Vaerst were sent to Britain where they were held and interrogated at Trent Park. Von Arnim would end up at Latimer House where he would be bugged in conservation with fellow high ranking captured German generals. Both Von Vearst and Von Arnim were later sent to the United States to Camp Clinton and were released in 1947.
On 15 May the Allied 18th Army Group was disbanded, and a Victory March was held in Tunis on May 20. Units of the First and Eighth Armies and representative detachments of British, American and French forces marched past, with bands playing and generals Eisenhower, Alexander and Giraud taking the salute. With North Africa in Allied hands, plans quickly turned to the invasion of Sicily and Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6976506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976506" title="Rausch Gap, Pennsylvania">
Rausch Gap, Pennsylvania

Rausch Gap is a ghost town that is located in Cold Spring Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
History.
Once the largest of several coal mining towns in St. Anthony's Wilderness, this community appeared, flourished, and died during the period between 1830 and 1910. The ruins of the town are located in Cold Spring Township on the southern slopes of Sharp Mountain, where Rausch Creek cuts a gap through the mountain before entering Stony Creek, at .
While it may have been established as early as 1828, rapid growth did not occur until 1850, when the Dauphin and Susquehanna Coal Company built a railroad up the valley from the Susquehanna River to Rausch Gap.
The town became a rail center, with company offices and repair shops situated there. In 1854, the Dauphin and Susquehanna was extended eastward to Pine Grove and Auburn, as part of a planned railroad to Allentown. By 1860, the population had grown to approximately 1,000. Employment was found in the mines and railroad shops. Many train crews also resided in Rausch Gap.
Several factors then contributed to the decay and eventual demise of the town. The first of these was the closing of the mine, although some mining continued into the 1930s. The line to Allentown had never been built, and the railroad came under the control of the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad. With the completion of the Lebanon and Tremont Branch in 1870, Pine Grove became a more important point on the line. The transfer of the machine shops and company offices from Rausch Gap to Pine Grove in 1872 was the most important factor in the demise of the town.
When the railroad moved out, the town was stripped of its final purpose for existence. By the year 1875, fewer than one hundred people remained in the settlement. Sometime around 1883, most of the buildings in the town were torn down by the railroad. By 1910, all of the residents were gone.
Today.
All that remains today are the stone foundations of buildings and a small cemetery. Nature has taken back the land.
Rausch Gap is now one of the many stops along the Appalachian Trail. There is a shelter there for overnight campers and cold water from a spring and a decent outhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="6976520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976520" title="Doro Merande">
Doro Merande

Doro Merande (born Dora Matthews, March 31, 1892 – November 1, 1975) was an American actress who appeared in film, theater, and television.
Early years.
Born in Columbia, Kansas, as Dora Matthews, she was the daughter of a minister. At age 18, while living with her family in Kansas City, Missouri, she worked as a music teacher. She later went to New York City to become an actress.
Stage actress.
Merande found her first part in a small summer company in Massachusetts. She coveted Broadway parts during the Great Depression. Her career began with the Jules Levanthal Company.
She appeared on Broadway using her birth name in "That Ferguson Family" (1928) and "Montmartreas" (1922). Her first Broadway appearance as Doro Merande was as "Sophie Tuttle" in "Loose Moments" in 1935. Soon she was cast in "One Good Year", "Red Harvest", and "Angel Island". Her first major stage role was playing the gossip in "Our Town" by Thornton Wilder repeating her performance in the 1940 film. Merande later appeared with Leo G. Carroll in "Lo and Behold", "The Rat Race" with Betty Field, and in "The Silver Whistle", with Jose Ferrer. She performed with Clifton Webb (in "Mr. Belvedere Rings The Bell"), Walter Huston (in "Apple of His Eye"), and Franchot Tone (in "Hope for Your Best").
Her final Broadway appearance was in the 1969 revival of "The Front Page," in which she portrayed the cleaning woman, as she later also did in the 1970 television and the 1974 film version. The 1974 film version was her final appearance; she was directed by Billy Wilder, with whom she had previously worked in the films "The Seven Year Itch" (1955) and "Kiss Me, Stupid" (1964).
Filmography.
Merande appeared onscreen in bit parts starting in the early 1930s and had her first substantial role in 1940, reprising her role as the gossip in the film adaptation of "Our Town".
Death.
Merande was scheduled to play the mother-in-law of Jackie Gleason's character Ralph Kramden in "The Honeymooners" 25th anniversary television special. On November 1, 1975, she died of a stroke at the age of 83 at Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami, Florida. Templeton Fox took over the role.

</doc>
<doc id="6976526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976526" title="CD155">
CD155

CD155 (cluster of differentiation 155), also known as the poliovirus receptor, is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "PVR" gene. It is a transmembrane protein that is involved in forming junctions between neighboring cells. It is also the molecule that poliovirus uses to enter cells. The gene is specific to the primates.
Function.
CD155 is a Type I transmembrane glycoprotein in the immunoglobulin superfamily. Its normal cellular function is in the establishment of intercellular adherens junctions between epithelial cells. 
The external domain mediates cell attachment to the extracellular matrix molecule vitronectin, while its intracellular domain interacts with the dynein light chain Tctex-1/DYNLT1.
The role of CD155 in the immune system is unclear, though it may be involved in intestinal humoral immune responses. Subsequent data has also suggested that CD155 may also be used to positively select MHC-independent T cells in the thymus.
Polio.
Commonly known as "Poliovirus Receptor" (PVR), the protein serves as a cellular receptor for poliovirus in the first step of poliovirus replication. Transgenic mice that express the PVR gene have been constructed in order to study polio experimentally. 
Structure.
CD155 is a transmembrane protein with 3 extracellular immunoglobulin-like domains, D1-D3, where D1 is recognized by the virus.
Low resolution structures of CD155 complexed with poliovirus have been obtained using electron microscopy while a high resolution structures of the ectodomain D1 and D2 of CD155 were solved by x-ray crystallography.

</doc>
<doc id="6976531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976531" title="Kozai resonance">
Kozai resonance



</doc>
<doc id="6976534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976534" title="LiveMath">
LiveMath

LiveMath is a computer algebra system available on a number of platforms including Mac OS, macOS (Carbon), Microsoft Windows, Linux (x86) and Solaris (SPARC). It is the latest release of a system that originally emerged as Theorist for the "classic" Mac in 1989, became MathView and MathPlus in 1997 after it was sold to Waterloo Maple, and finally LiveMath after it was purchased by members of its own userbase in 1999. The application is currently owned by MathMonkeys of Cambridge, Massachusetts. The overall LiveMath suite contains LiveMath Maker, the main application, as well as LiveMath Viewer for end-users, and LiveMath Plug-In, an ActiveX plugin for browsers, which was discontinued in 2014.
Description.
LiveMath uses a worksheet-based approach, similar to products like Mathematica or MathCAD. The user enters equations into the worksheet and then uses the built-in functions to help solve them, or reduce them numerically. Workbooks typically contain a number of equations separated into sections, along with data tables, graphs, and similar outputs. Unlike most CAS applications, LiveMath uses a full GUI with high-quality graphical representations of the equations at every step, including input.
LiveMath also allows the user to interact with the equation in the sheet; for instance, one can drag an instance of formula_1 to the left hand side of the equation, at which point LiveMath will re-arrange the equation to solve for formula_1. LiveMath's algebraic solving systems are relatively simple compared to better known systems like Mathematica, and does not offer the same sort of automated single-step solving of these packages.

</doc>
<doc id="6976535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976535" title="D3 motorway (Slovakia)">
D3 motorway (Slovakia)

D3 motorway () (formerly "D18"), sometimes called the Kysuce Motorway, is a motorway in northern Slovakia. Initially, it is supposed to be only a two-lane motorway in the Svrčinovec - Slovak/Polish border section, and four-lane motorway in the remaining Hričovské Podhradie - Čadca section. The D3 motorway is part of the main route of the 6th Pan-European corridor and it lies on these E-roads: E50, E75 and E442. When completed, it will become the third longest Slovak motorway.
The construction of the D3 motorway is extremely technically demanding as it takes place in the mountainous terrain of northern Slovakia. There are a total of four tunnels on the D3 motorway with a total length of slightly more than . Currently, three of these four tunnels are in operation in a half profile, the Horelica tunnel (605 m), the Poľana tunnel (898 m), the Svrčinovec tunnel (420 m) and one tunnel in a full profile, the Považský Chlmec tunnel (2,249 m)
It starts at the motorway junction with the D1, bypassing Žilina, then goes to the north around Kysucké Nové Mesto and Čadca, having an interchange with the R5, and ends near the village of Skalité, where it crosses the Polish border and connects to Expressway S1. This is one of the most important motorways in Slovakia and a vignette is required to use the motorway.
Chronology.
The construction of a stretch of the D3 highway between Čadca, Bukov and Svrčinovec (in the Kysuce area) started on 24 January 2017 with the tapping of the foundation stone in the centre of Čadca.
An open day was held at the Svrčinovec – Skalité section on 27 May 2017. The entire section was officially handed over for use on 10 June 2017, after twenty years of planning and construction. Construction was delayed for a year. It was estimated that the section is 9 minutes faster to drive after opening. The total cost of both sections was 417 million euros. The sections have a total length of 15,460 metres, 29 bridge structures with a total length of 3,782 metres, 2 tunnels, 2 junctions and one rest area.
Construction of the Horelica Tunnel northwest of Skalité began in July 2000, and the breakthrough was achieved in May 2002. The tunnel with Čadca bypass was opened on October 29, 2004, and it replaced road 11, which runs across the town of Čadca.
Future developments.
Kysucké Nové Mesto - Oščadnica is a planned section with a length of , which will run parallel to the I/11 road. The construction process is currently underway and construction is scheduled to begin in 2025.
References.
Content in this edit is translated from the existing Slovak Wikipedia article at ; see its history for attribution.

</doc>
<doc id="6976539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976539" title="Broadsides (video game)">
Broadsides (video game)

Broadsides is a video game that simulates naval combat in the Age of Sail. It was published by Strategic Simulations in 1983 for the Atari 8-bit computers, Apple II, and Commodore 64.
Gameplay.
Giant warships circle each other, waiting for the best time to unleash a broadside upon the enemy. Cannons can be loaded with various types of ordnance; cannonballs to destroy the hull, chain shot to destroy the sails, and grapeshot to kill the enemy crew.
The player can also close with the enemy ship and attempt boarding. This aspect of the game plays a lot like rock-paper-scissors, where the player controls one crew member and which sort of attack he makes with his sword. This is compared against the enemy attack, and the results are used to decrease the crew count on one side. Once one side's crew is all dead, the other side is the victor.
The game also offers a simplified, arcade-combat mode in which the player fights an endless number of enemy ships.
Reception.
"Computer Gaming World" in 1983 stated that "Broadsides" "is an excellent depiction of ship-to-ship combat". It cited the "superb" combat display, good graphics, user-designed scenarios, and the choice of tactical or arcade combat as highlights. In 1990 the magazine gave the game five out of five stars, stating that it had "vast entertainment value" and "remains the standard". In 1993 the magazine gave it three-plus stars, stating that "it remains the standard ... this writer still plays it on an Atari 800". While noting the incomplete simulation of tacking, "Antic" in 1985 described the game as "a realistic and playable simulation" of a two-ship duel, praising the "superb graphics". The magazine concluded, "I recommend Broadsides to any computer gamer".

</doc>
<doc id="6976541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976541" title="New York Green Party">
New York Green Party



</doc>
<doc id="6976543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976543" title="Rhenanid">
Rhenanid



</doc>
<doc id="6976545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976545" title="New York State Library">
New York State Library

The New York State Library is a research library in Albany, New York, United States. It was established in 1818 to serve the state government of New York and is part of the New York State Education Department. The library is one of the largest in the world by number of items held, with over 20 million cataloged items in 2011.
The library and its sister institutions, the New York State Museum and New York State Archives, are housed in the Cultural Education Center, which is part of the Empire State Plaza, a large complex of state government offices in downtown Albany.
The New York State Library was formerly located in the New York State Capitol and then across Washington Avenue in the New York State Education Building. An annex containing books, journals, and newspapers is still located in the basement of the Education Building. The library undertook an effort to discard some of these items in 2014.
Organization.
Research Library.
History.
The New York State Library was established in 1818 to serve the government of New York State.
By 1855, the New York State Library was open to the public. A Shaker brother from New Lebanon, New York, visited it in November 1855 and marveled at the free access to books: ""I went awhile to the state library, free for the public — looked round — and was much edified with the wonderful collection of books, maps, &amp;c — much art &amp; expense is displayed there. Any one can look around, or read what he pleases — by only calling for what book he wants. I sat &amp; talked awhile with the Librarian"." Melvil Dewey was the state librarian from 1888 to 1905. He created the position of reference librarian and founded a children's department in the library. Dewey also initiated traveling libraries, with around 100 books that were sent to communities without public libraries. New York's system of traveling libraries was often a model for other states.
James Ingersoll Wyer was director from 1908 to 1938.
On March 29, 1911, a fire in the Assembly Chamber of the New York State Capitol, where the Library was located at the time, devastated its collections, destroying approximately 450,000 books and 270,000 manuscripts including some of the historical records documenting New York's early Dutch and colonial history, translated by Francois Adriaan van der Kemp.
Collections.
Government Publications: Although its scope has increased over time, one of the NYS Library's primary functions is still to serve as a repository for the official publications of New York State government (the executive, legislative, and judicial branches, as well as the commissions, public authorities, and other agencies). The Library is also a depository for federal government documents and a patent depository.
Law: The New York State Library has a strong law collection, particularly New York State law.
New York State History: Another focus is the history and culture of New York State, including extensive holdings in local history and genealogy. One of the largest sections in the Library, the local history and genealogy collections are used by many different researchers including people tracing their family history, professional genealogical researchers, biographers, and historians seeking information on collective family histories or the domestic life of a particular period in American history.
The collection is national in scope, but with an emphasis on families from New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and New England. There are some reference works available for genealogical research outside of the U.S., but separate family histories are not collected for foreign countries. The library's online catalog provides access to information about genealogical materials via author, title, and subject searches; card files are available on site provide access to additional resources such as the surname records, vital records, city directories, and the Daughters of the American Revolution (DAR) collection.
Digital Collections: The Library's digital collections consist of over 80,000 documents, including New York State government publications and historical materials from the 18th and 19th century in many subjects areas.
Talking Book and Braille Library.
The New York State Talking Book and Braille Library (TBBL) is a unit of the New York State Library, but it is also a regional Library in the nationwide program coordinated by the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped, a division of the Library of Congress, in Washington DC.
TBBL lends braille and recorded books and magazines, and the necessary equipment to play recorded books, to New York State residents who are unable to read standard printed materials because of a visual or physical disability. TBBL serves residents of the 55 upstate counties of New York State; the Andrew Heiskell Library, a unit within the New York Public Library, serves residents of New York City and Long Island.
Library Development.
The Division of Library Development provides statewide leadership and advisory services to all libraries – public, school, academic and special – throughout New York. Library Development:

</doc>
<doc id="6976546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976546" title="Sancrist">
Sancrist



</doc>
<doc id="6976548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976548" title="United States Military Command">
United States Military Command



</doc>
<doc id="6976549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976549" title="Jim Wong">
Jim Wong



</doc>
<doc id="6976556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976556" title="Polio Virus Receptor">
Polio Virus Receptor



</doc>
<doc id="6976559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976559" title="List of faculties and degree programs at CUHK">
List of faculties and degree programs at CUHK



</doc>
<doc id="6976561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976561" title="Manchester Piccadilly Bus Station">
Manchester Piccadilly Bus Station



</doc>
<doc id="6976568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976568" title="Operation Retribution">
Operation Retribution

Operation Retribution was the Second World War air and naval blockade designed to prevent the seaborne evacuation of Axis forces from Tunisia to Sicily. Axis forces were isolated in northern Tunisia and faced Operation Vulcan, the final Allied assault. The equivalent blockade of air evacuation was Operation Flax.
Operation.
The British Admiral Andrew Cunningham—Allied naval commander—began the operation on 7 May 1943, with the colourful signal to "Sink, burn and destroy. Let nothing pass". He had also named the operation Retribution in recognition of the losses that his destroyer forces had endured during the Greek campaign, the German occupation of Greece and Operation Mercury the capture of Crete. The Germans were unable to mount a significant rescue effort.
The predicament of the Axis had been recognised earlier and a large scale effort to evacuate Axis personnel was expected. So, all available naval light forces were ordered to concentrate at Malta or Bone, with specified patrol areas. To achieve this, convoy movements were restricted to release their escorts. The Italian Fleet was expected to intervene and the battleships and and the aircraft carrier were moved to Algiers in readiness for a major action.
The Italian Fleet did not leave port (due to the imposing threat of the British navy in much of the Mediterranean Sea) and there was no organised attempt to evacuate Axis forces by sea. Two supply ships en route to Tunisia were intercepted and sunk. Inshore flotillas of British Motor Torpedo Boats (MTBs) and American PT boats intercepted small craft and raided the waters around (Cape Bon) and Kelibia. The only significant threat to the sea forces were friendly fire attacks by Allied aircraft, after which red recognition patches were painted on the ships. The Allies captured 897 men. 630 Germans and Italians are thought to have escaped to Sicily and Sardinia including 18 men from the s.Pz.Abt. 501 Werkstatt Kompanie. An unknown number drowned. One of the most famous escape stories is that of Rudolf Nieger, a German Kapitänleutnant who made it to Sicily with six other soldiers. They hid for several weeks on small islands off the Tunisian coast. Then they stole an Allied motorboat and got Arabs to provide enough gasoline to get them to Sicily. However, individual examples of determined escapes by small groups like this did not change the overall outcome of the Tunisian campaign, in which the vast majority of the remaining Germans and Italians in Tunisia would end up in American prisoner-of-war camps.
Aftermath.
Axis forces in north Africa, squeezed into a small area with minimal supplies and facing well-equipped and -supplied opponents, surrendered on 13 May. The north African ports were rapidly cleared and readied to support the forthcoming invasions of southern Europe. The 12th, 13th and 14th Minesweeping Flotillas from Malta, two groups of minesweeping trawlers and smaller vessels cleared a channel through the minefields of the Sicilian Channel to Tripoli, removing nearly 200 moored mines. On 15 May, Cunningham signalled that "the passage through the Mediterranean was clear" and that convoys from Gibraltar to Alexandria could be started at once. Thus the direct route between Gibraltar and Alexandria—closed since May 1941—was reopened with substantial savings in shipping and their escorts.

</doc>
<doc id="6976572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976572" title="Poliovirus Receptor">
Poliovirus Receptor



</doc>
<doc id="6976577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976577" title="Margaret of Scotland (Dauphine of France)">
Margaret of Scotland (Dauphine of France)



</doc>
<doc id="6976583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976583" title="Scărişoara Ice Cave">
Scărişoara Ice Cave



</doc>
<doc id="6976588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976588" title="Alianza Bravo Pueblo">
Alianza Bravo Pueblo



</doc>
<doc id="6976592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976592" title="Charles tripp">
Charles tripp



</doc>
<doc id="6976595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976595" title="Gaby Mudingayi">
Gaby Mudingayi

Gabriel "Gaby" Mudingayi (born 1 October 1981) is a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. Born in Zaire, he represented the Belgium national team at international level.
Career.
Early years.
Mudingayi moved to Belgium at a young age and started his career at the third division club Union Saint-Gilloise. He spent two seasons with the club before moving to Jupiler League side Gent, aged 19.
Mudingayi established himself in the club's starting XI during the following campaigns, and was selected to represent Belgium at both youth and senior level for the first time.
Move to Italy: Torino and Lazio.
In January 2004 Mudingayi joined Italian Serie B side Torino, helping the club win promotion back to Serie A in 2005. However, the club went bankrupt, releasing all the players as free agents. He moved to Lazio in August 2005.
After struggling with injuries, Mudingayi scored his first and only goal for Lazio on 8 January 2006, in a 4–1 win over Ascoli. However, on 22 April, in a 1–1 away draw against Juventus, his leg was broken in a tackle by Fabio Cannavaro.
Mudingayi only became a regular starter in the 2006–07 campaign, under Delio Rossi, appearing in 28 matches.
Bologna.
On 21 July 2008, Mudingayi was sold to newly promoted team Bologna for €7 million, on a five-year contract. with part of the transfer receivable of Lazio was converted to the signing of Mourad Meghni outright, for an additional €1.75m.
Mudingayi was an ever-present figure for the "rossoblu" during his spell, appearing in nearly 30 matches per season.
Inter Milan.
On 20 July 2012, Inter Milan announced that they had signed Mudingayi from Bologna on loan, with an option to purchase. The loan fee was €750,000. Behind Esteban Cambiasso, Walter Gargano and Zdravko Kuzmanović, he only appeared in nine matches during the campaign. Mudingayi also injured his Achilles tendon in January.
In May 2013, after Gargano's departure, Mudingayi was signed permanently by the "Nerazzurri" for an additional €750,000 fee. on a two-year contract. However, he went on to appear only eight minutes during the whole season, being released in the following year.
Elche.
On 20 October 2014, Mudingayi signed a one-year deal with La Liga side Elche CF. However, he could not be registered due to the club's financial troubles, and left on 3 February of the following year.
Cesena.
On 11 February 2015, he was signed by Cesena.
Pisa.
In October 2016 Mudingayi was signed by Pisa. He was released on 31 January 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="6976596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976596" title="The Capture (novel)">
The Capture (novel)



</doc>
<doc id="6976600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976600" title="Dr. charles tripp">
Dr. charles tripp



</doc>
<doc id="6976609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976609" title="Charles r h tripp">
Charles r h tripp



</doc>
<doc id="6976614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976614" title="Charles rh tripp">
Charles rh tripp



</doc>
<doc id="6976616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976616" title="Apostles of the Sacred Heart of Jesus">
Apostles of the Sacred Heart of Jesus

The Congregation of the Apostles of the Sacred Heart of Jesus (ASCJ), previously known as the Missionary Zelatrices of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, is an international congregation of religious women, founded in Viareggio, Italy, in 1894, by the Blessed Mother Clelia Merloni (1861–1930).
History.
Clelia Merloni was born to Gioacchino and Teresa Brandinelli Merloni on March 10, 1861, in Forli, Italy, and attended a private school in the suburbs. After experiencing religious life in different congregations, Clelia entered the Congregation of the Daughters of St. Mary of Divine Providence, founded in Como by Don Luigi Guanella. She wished to establish a new congregation dedicated to works of charity and founded the Congregation of the Apostles of the Sacred Heart of Jesus in Viareggio, Italy, May 30, 1894.
The Congregation expanded rapidly and seemed to hold great promise. In 1895 her father died, leaving Clelia his estate. A dishonest financial administrator put the congregation into bankruptcy. On June 10, 1900, Bishop Giovanni Battista Scalabrini of Piacenza granted episcopal approbation to the Congregation of the Apostle Missionaries of the Sacred Heart of Jesus and approved its rule with a new Missionary dimension. Bishop Scalabrini had been looking for a foundation of Sisters to assist the emigrants who had left Italy in search of livelihood in the Americas. The central seat of the congregation was established in Piacenza.
On August 10, 1900, six Apostle Missionaries departed from Genoa on the ship "Piedmont" for São Paulo, Brazil. Two years later, on June 16, 1902, six Apostle Missionaries sailed from Genoa on the English ship "The Vancouver" for Boston, Massachusetts, to aid the Missionaries of St. Charles. Within a short time these sisters had gathered about 200 children from the area and organized Christian Doctrine classes for them.
The movement became a target and the movement's founder was forced into hiding. The nuns gained some protection from Bishop Giovanni Batista Scalabrini but he died in 1905 and the movement was moved to Alessandria. In 1911 the church removed the founder from office.
Mother Merloni died on November 21, 1930, in the Generalate in Rome, and was buried in the chapel. She was replaced by Marcelline Vigano, who was recalled from America where she had created a new novitiate.
In 2011, on the 150th anniversary of the founder's birth, the Pope praised the work of the "Apostles of the Sacred Heart of Jesus".
Today.
The Apostles of the Sacred Heart of Jesus profess the evangelical counsels of Chastity, Poverty, and Obedience. The congregation numbers about 1,200 sisters on five continents. The Congregation is divided into 5 Provinces and 2 Vice Provinces, each with its own government subject to the general government. The sisters work in Italy, Switzerland, Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Paraguay, Uruguay, the United States, Mozambique, Benin, Albania, Taiwan, Ireland, and the Philippines.
The U.S. Provincialate is located at Mount Sacred Heart, 295 Benham Street, Hamden, Connecticut, where the sisters run Sacred Heart Academy. In St. Louis, Missouri, they operate a preschool program at Sacred Heart Villa, and they also run an all-girls high school, Cor Jesu Academy. Apostle Immigrant Services is a nonprofit agency that provides a range of educational programs and legal immigration services to the greater New Haven, Connecticut, community.
There are about 130 professed members who work in Connecticut, New York, Pennsylvania, Missouri, and Florida. Their principal ministries of service are in education (all age levels), health care, missionary activity, and social work and pastoral service.

</doc>
<doc id="6976617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976617" title="Label maker">
Label maker



</doc>
<doc id="6976619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976619" title="George Chip">
George Chip

George Chip (Lit. "Jurgis Čepulionis", August 25, 1888 – November 6, 1960) was a Lithuanian-American boxer who was the World Middleweight Champion from 1913 to 1914 in an era of great middleweights. Chip came to be known as a heavy puncher with an impressive knockout ratio. In his time, he was known as "The Madison Miner" and "The New Castle Miner." He was the father of Major general William C. Chip, USMC.
Early life and career.
Chip was born on August 25, 1888, in Scranton but was raised in New Castle, Pennsylvania, in what is today the Pittsburgh metropolitan area, where most of his matches occurred. He was of Lithuanian descent. His manager was Jimmy Dime.
He was active in both baseball and football in his youth, and later worked in the coal mines in Madison, Pennsylvania. In January 1909, realizing his athletic gifts at the age of twenty, he decided to try boxing on the advice of L. B. Lewis, a mining Superintendent he knew. He won his first match when Billy Manfredo received a second round disqualification in Greensburgh, Pennsylvania. The following month he knocked out George Gill and John Chew. He continued to fight through 1910 with only one recorded loss.
Taking the World Middleweight Title from Frank Klaus.
During a title fight on 11 October 1913, Chip surprised the crowd when he knocked out reigning world middleweight champion Frank Klaus with a strong right hook to the jaw near the end of the sixth and final round. Prior to the knockout, in the first five rounds, Chip never threatened to take the lead. The fight occurred at the old Pittsburgh City Hall at Market Square . It was the first knockout of Klaus's career. The extra weight Klaus was carrying in his midsection led many reporters to believe he had not trained adequately for the bout, and had underestimated the ability of his opponent.
Frequent bouts with Jack Dillon and "Buck" Crouse.
Chip fought the exceptional boxer Jack Dillon over ten times, usually losing to him in the opinions of newspapers. Dillon was an Indiana-born Hall of Famer who held the light heavyweight championship of the world from 1914 to 1916.
Chip fought Pittsburgh area boxer Albert "Buck" Crouse seven times during his career, mostly in no decision bouts, losing to him only once.
Defending the World Middleweight Title in no decision bouts.
On November 25, 1913, after taking the title, Chip faced Tim O'Neil in a ten-round no decision bout in Racine, Wisconsin. Though he won the bout by newspaper decision, he would have lost the title had he been knocked out by O'Neil.
On December 23, 1913, some sources reported that Chip's rematch with Klaus in Pittsburgh was a middleweight championship, however, as the fight was fought at catchweights, boxing historians do not consider the bout a title match. After knocking down Klaus twice in the fifth, the referee called the bout, resulting in a Technical Knockout. The second win over the former title holder cemented Chip's place as champion.
On January 12, 1914, Chip faced Gus Christie in a ten-round no decision bout in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Though he won the bout by newspaper decision, he would have lost the title had he been knocked out by Christie.
On January 14, 1914, Chip faced Tim O'Neil again in a ten-round no decision bout in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He won the bout in a second-round TKO, exhibiting his strong punching abilities.
Surrendering the World Middleweight Title in shocking loss to Al McCoy.
On April 7, 1914, six months after taking the title, Chip stunningly lost it to young southpaw Al McCoy in a surprise first round knock-out. McCoy was considered a light hitter with only a 23% knockout rate. McCoy's manager, Charlie Goldman, wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell. Goldman wisely assumed Chip would box cautiously early in the first round against Al's unorthodox, left handed style.
Taking his manager's advice, McCoy landed a powerful left to Chip's jaw early in the first round, lifting him off the canvas, and achieving a victory that probably shocked the bookmakers. The knockout occurred just one minute and fifty seconds after the opening bell. The "Pittsburgh Press" noted that the Broadway Sporting Club in Brooklyn was only "fairly filled" as spectators may have stayed home expecting a loss or poor showing from McCoy. Robert Edgren, summarizing the last few seconds of the fight, wrote "McCoy's left fist started somewhere near his knees. He brought it up with all his strength. His body swung upward with the blow as though he had been swinging at a bag. His fist landed fairly on the point of the crouching champion's unguarded chin." Though Chip held the title only six months, he is remembered as a boxer who faced most of the serious challengers for the title.
Career after loss of the World Middleweight Title.
Bout with Jeff Smith, future Australian World Middleweight Champion.
On December 7, 1915, Chip lost to Jeff Smith, future Australian World Middleweight Champion, in a seventh round disqualification at the Hippodrome in Boston. The "New Castle News" wrote that Chip was clearly winning the contest when he was disqualified by the referee for a low blow. Some reporters wrote the blow to the torso was not below the belt, and believed Chip was close to winning the bout by knockout.
Bouts with Jimmy Clabby.
Between November 1914 and May 1915, Chip fought Jimmy Clabby four times. Clabby, an exceptional talent, competed for but never won a world title in his career, though he took the World Middleweight and Light Heavyweight titles of Australia and the Heavyweight Championship of New Zealand. On November 6, 1914, Chip lost a twenty-round bout with Clabby in Daly City, California, outside San Francisco. The "San Francisco Chronicle" reported that Clabby won easily, taking seventeen rounds. On March 22, 1915, Clabby beat Chip again in the opinion of newspapers, in a six-round no decision bout in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Winning non-title rematch with Al McCoy.
On January 20, 1916, after losing his Middleweight Title, Chip easily won a ten-round no decision rematch with Al McCoy in Brooklyn's Broadway Arena according to the "New York Times". Reportedly, McCoy was badly battered in the bout, and at one point in the third round was down for nine seconds. Chip had knocked McCoy down for a short count earlier in the round. A knockout would have transferred the title back to Chip from reigning champion McCoy. According to "The Pittsburgh Post", Chip was the aggressor throughout, and McCoy took one of worst beatings in the fight. But McCoy more importantly managed to last seven rounds after his knockdown without hitting the canvas and retained his title.
Competing for the Australian World Middleweight Championship.
On September 30, 1916, Chip fell to a ninth-round knockout from Australian boxer Les Darcy for Australia's World Middleweight Title in Sydney. The Australian fans bet heavily on their national champion, who carried the fight decisively throughout. He followed on November 6, 1916, with an important fourteenth-round knockout victory over American boxer Art Magirl in Melbourne.
Bouts with Middleweight Champions Harry Greb and Mike Gibbons.
Chip fought the great middleweight Harry Greb four times in his career, losing decisively to Greb on November 19, 1917, in a ten-round bout in Cincinnati, Ohio. On May 22, 1917, Greb beat Chip in an exciting ten round bout before a crowd of 4,000 in Pittsburgh. In two earlier fights in Pennsylvania, Chip beat Greb according to newspapers on June 26, 1916, but received a draw earlier in a closer fight in Pittsburgh in 1915.
Impressive win over Harry Greb.
In their ten-round no decision bout on June 26, 1916, in New Castle, Pennsylvania, local newspapers agreed that Chip had the decisive edge over Greb in an impressive win. The "New Castle Herald" gave Chip every round, and the "Post" gave Greb only three rounds.
Between 1917 and 1919, Chip fought the great middleweight Mike Gibbons three times, on July 4, 1917, January 31, 1919, and June 11, 1919. Chip lost all three fights in the decision of most newspapers. Gibbons' claim to the World Middleweight Title in 1909 was a strong one, though it is not sanctioned today. Nonetheless, Gibbons was rated in the top 20 all time Middleweights by statistical boxing site BoxRec and "The Ring Magazine".
Bouts with brothers Mike and Tommy Gibbons.
In the July 1917 bout between Chip and Gibbons at Wright Field in Youngstown, Ohio, Gibbon's World Middleweight Title was at stake if he lost by knockout. The "Washington Post" wrote that "Gibbons won all the way". The "Harrisburg Telegraph" observed that Gibbons had better boxing science and technique, and though Chip may have had the stronger punches, they did not faze Gibbons who was able to avoid his blows and counterpunch effectively. In the last three rounds, the crowd of 5,000 witnessed the most exciting exchanges. In their slow January, 1919 bout in Duluth, Gibbons defeated Chip by a "wide margin" after returning from fifteen months in the Army. In a faster bout before a substantial crowd in Terre Haute, Indiana, on June 11, 1919, Chip landed several strong blows but they never fazed Gibbons who had the edge in their fight according to newspapers. Chip also fought Gibbons' brother Tommy Gibbons five times from 1917 to 1919 though he never beat him in the opinion of most newspapers.
Retirement from boxing.
In a rapid decline from February 1918 to April 1922, Chip won only four of thirty-seven bouts. After beating Lew Shupp and Frankie McGuire, Chip retired from boxing in the spring of 1922.
He died on November 6, 1960, at New Castle Hospital in his adopted hometown. Two days earlier, he had sustained a broken neck and two fractured legs after being struck by a car during a walk near his home.
Professional boxing record.
All information in this section is derived from BoxRec, unless otherwise stated.
Official Record.
All newspaper decisions are officially regarded as “no decision” bouts and are not counted as a win/loss/draw column.
Unofficial record.
Record with the inclusion of newspaper decisions to the win/loss/draw column.

</doc>
<doc id="6976624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976624" title="Eastland (disambiguation)">
Eastland (disambiguation)

The Eastland was a passenger ship used for tours, based in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
Eastland may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6976630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976630" title="David J Templeton">
David J Templeton



</doc>
<doc id="6976631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976631" title="Operation Flax">
Operation Flax

Operation Flax was an Allied air operation during the Tunisian campaign, as part of the larger North African campaign of the Second World War. Flax was intended to prevent air supply between Italy and the Axis armies in Tunis, Tunisia, in April 1943. An equivalent Allied naval effort was called Operation Retribution.
In November 1942, American and British forces landed in North Africa under Operation Torch. Allied thrusts overran Vichy French Morocco and Algeria and advanced into Tunisia. The danger for the Axis Powers was now apparent. American forces advancing eastward and the British Eighth Army advancing westward after the victory at the Second Battle of El Alamein, threatened to trap and destroy the remaining Axis forces in North Africa. Reinforcements for the German "Afrika Korps", Italian Army and Luftwaffe were dispatched by sea and air. These reinforcements staved off an immediate defeat in Tunisia, the last African region still in Axis hands.
The poor state of the roads and rail lines in Algeria meant Allied forces faced supply difficulties which helped the Axis prolong their defence. The inexperience of U.S. forces was exposed at the Battle of the Kasserine Pass. The growing number and experience of Allied forces squeezed the Axis toward the northern tip of Tunisia. The Royal Air Force (RAF) and Royal Navy operating from Malta took a heavy toll of Axis shipping. Axis supplies were still reaching the "Afrika Korps" by air and by early April, many Axis personnel were being evacuated by air. Although the Allies held air superiority during the day, Luftwaffe transports were operating with impunity during darkness.
The RAF and the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) were ordered to attack Axis aircraft by day and night. Owing to bad weather and the lack of intelligence, Flax did not begin until 5 April. Although the Axis put up determined resistance and large air battles took place, the Allied air forces cut the aerial link from Axis-held Sicily and Italy. An air battle known as the 18 April (Palm Sunday Massacre) took place, in which German Junkers Ju 52 transport aircraft suffered many losses over Cape Bon while evacuating (German Army) forces from the Allied ground offensive, Operation Vulcan. Flax continued until 27 April and did great harm to the Axis supply effort. Along with the airlift during the Battle of Stalingrad, Flax was so costly to the German transport fleet that it never recovered.
Background.
Strategic situation.
The Axis campaign in North Africa was characterised by supply shortages. The failure was one of the primary reasons that "Generalfeldmarschall" (Field Marshal) Erwin Rommel could not defeat the Eighth Army throughout 1941–1942. Rommel, at points, had recognised Malta as a serious obstacle to Axis supply between Axis-held Europe and their forces in North Africa. Malta lay across their lines of communication and, despite the two-and-a-half-year Siege of Malta, it remained a base for Allied naval and air forces to attack Axis supply lines for much of this period. Rommel failed to apply enough pressure on "Oberkommando der Wehrmacht" (German High Command, OKW) to invade the island, Operation Herkules. Although Malta was mostly neutralised as an offensive base in mid-1942, later that year the Allied offensive from Malta became increasingly effective. The Axis defeat at the Second Battle of El Alamein and the Allied landings, Operation Torch, in Western North Africa, threatened to crush the Axis from east and west. The Germans sent reinforcements to Africa through Vichy-held Tunisia but by the start of 1943 they were suffering increasing shipping losses to Malta-based forces. Some respite was won for the Axis when the Allies lost the "Run for Tunis" in part owing to rapid German reactions and the difficulty in supplying their armies through the poor Algerian infrastructure. By early 1943, the Axis had numerical superiority in aircraft; 690 to the Allied 480.
The campaign from Malta caused chronic supply shortages in Africa. By April 1943, the Allied armies had pushed the Axis forces to the northern tip of Tunisia, near its capital Tunis. Despite the desperate situation, OKW continued to send reinforcements and supplies to the besieged Axis forces by air. To prevent prolonged resistance, the Allies, now aware of the German supply timetables through the use of British Ultra, began an aerial offensive to cut the link. The operation was due to begin in the last week of March 1943 but bad weather over Tunisia meant that it was delayed until 5 April.
Axis supply.
The Axis situation in the air, on land and at sea was gradually deteriorating. Axis supply ships had suffered many losses between Cape Bon and Sicily, 67 per cent of which were to Allied aircraft. Theo Osterkamp was appointed (Fighter Leader Sicily) to fly over the area. On 7 April 1943, the organisation was given 148 fighters for these operations. The Luftwaffe reorganised its forces in Tunisia, Hans Seidemann was appointed "Fliegerkorps Tunis" (Flying Corps Tunisia) with three commands, (Flying Leader Tunis), "Mitte" (Middle) and "Gabès", after its headquarters' location. Siedmann had the equivalent of 12 (12 Groups) and maintained around 300 fighters until mid-April. The German fighter defences also benefited from a rudimentary radar supported early-warning network.
 (Major General) Ulrich Buchholz, the (Wing Commander) of KGzbV 3, was appointed (Air Transport Leader II, Mediterranean Sea) on 15 January 1943. His forces were organised under the Naples-based KGzbV N ( or Naples) and the Trapani-based KGzbV S; KGzbV S had to make two missions a day, KGzbV S only one. The formations would be 80 to 120 aircraft strong. Operations were to be flown at only , arriving around noon to operate during the Allied "lunch" period. The units—operating mostly the Junkers Ju 52—brought in daily and the giant Messerschmitt Me 323s brought some with their smaller numbers. The logistical effort was made using Indian prisoners of war, who helped unload supplies. The operational method usually involved escort fighters picking up the formation en route. Only one fighter for every five transports was made available owing to shortages. The Naples units were met near Trapani and on the return leg fighters, including Bf 110 , escorted them home. The end of the airlifts at Stalingrad and in the Kuban allowed the number of Axis transport aircraft to reach 185 by 10 March. By the beginning of April, it rose to 426. The force flew much needed ammunition and fuel to the Axis armies in Africa.
Allied plan.
James H. Doolittle commanding Northwest African Strategic Air Force (NASAF) was ordered to formulate an air interdiction campaign and named it Operation Flax. Flax called for Allied fighters to intercept the aerial convoys over the Sicily–Tunisia strait. Allied units were also briefed to carry out attacks against Axis airfields in Tunisia and the overcrowded staging fields in Sicily. They were also ordered to carry out anti-shipping sweeps. Flax was an operation which was unlikely to work more than a few times, as shown by the relative impunity with which the surviving Axis air transports operated at night after the operation had begun. The flight time across the Strait of Sicily was so short that aerial interception could be made only with precise intelligence. The Germans understood this but did not know that their communications had been compromised and were being read by Allied intelligence. Ignorant of their intelligence leaks, they operated by day. Since their enemy had the option of flying by night, and the weather conditions were not ideal, the Allies delayed Flax until the most German transport aircraft were in operation so that the blow would be as great as possible. Allied intelligence used information from Y-stations to decide when to begin.
The plan included coordinated attacks on Axis airfields carried out by Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress groups to tie down Axis fighters. Medium bomber units operating the North American B-25 Mitchell would fly sweeps over the Gulf of Tunis. They were to be joined by Lockheed P-38 Lightning heavy fighters which were also detailed to sweep the area. The presence of the B-25s would allow the P-38s to operate in the area without raising the Axis suspicions. It would seem as if they were there to escort the B-25s, rather than to attack Axis air transports. Supermarine Spitfire units would sweep the straits further north, catching any enemy aircraft that evaded the P-38s. More B-25 and B-17 units were detailed to bomb Sicilian airfields to catch transports on the ground. The USAAF 9th Air Force was detailed to send its Consolidated B-24 Liberator bomb groups against airfields in and around Naples in this capacity as well. On 2 April Doolittle's superiors, supreme commander of all Allied Air Forces in the Mediterranean, Arthur Tedder and commander of Allied Air Forces in Western North Africa Carl Spaatz, decided to wait for the next suitable window to launch the offensive.
Order of battle.
Allied.
The Allied order of battle involved all the main commands in the area. The Supreme Allied Air Force Command was the Mediterranean Air Command (MAC) under Air Chief Marshal Arthur Tedder. Below the supreme command were the sector organisations, the Northwest African Air Forces (NAAF) commanded by Carl Spaatz. Directly subordinated to Spaatz was the NASAF under James H. Doolittle. The second command was the operational/tactical force, the Northwest African Tactical Air Force (NATAF) under Air Marshal Arthur Coningham.
Axis.
Martin Harlinghausen commanded "Fliegerkorps" II (Air Corps II), which controlled Luftwaffe operations in Africa, as part of "Luftflotte" 2 (Air Fleet 2). Subordinate to "Fliegerkorps" II were seven "Kampfgeschwader" (Bomber Wings). Several "Jagdgeschwader" (Fighter Wings) were also available in support. The Luftwaffe had the following forces available in April 1943
"X. Fliegerkorps" Alexander Holle:
"Lufttransportführer II, Mittelmeer" (Commander, Air-Transport Mediterranean Ulrich Buchholz):
American operations.
Closing the straits.
At 06:30 on 5 April, 26 P-38s of the U.S. 1st Fighter Group conducted a sweep over the Sicilian Strait; 18 B-25s of the 321st Bomb Group, escorted by 32 P-38s of the 82nd Fighter Group, set out on a maritime interdiction operation. Six of the P-38s returned to base for unrecorded reasons. The B-25s claimed two ferries damaged and a destroyer sunk. One B-25 was shot down.
The 1st Group arrived over Cape Bon at 08:00. They reported contact with several formations of Axis aircraft, estimating 50–70 Ju 52s, 20 Bf 109s, four Fw 190s, six Ju 87s and a Fw 189. The German formation had only 31 Ju 52s, ten Bf 109s, six to seven Bf 110s, four Ju 87s and one Fw 190. The U.S. fighters attacked, and a large air battle developed. The 82nd Fighter Group also engaged. The 1st Fighter Group claimed 11 Ju 52s, two Ju 87s, two Bf 109s and the Fw 189 for two P-38s lost. The 82nd claimed seven Ju 52s, three Ju 87s, three Bf 109s, one Bf 110 and one Me 210 for four P-38s. German losses were about half this total 13–14 Ju 52s and about three fighters. In 2003, Weal wrote of the loss of 13 Ju 52s and two Bf 109s, from 5./JG 27.
Bomber offensive.
Later that day, 18 B-17s from the 97th Bomb Group bombed Axis airfields at El Aounina. Two Me 323s, two Ju 52s and five Italian transports were destroyed. A second mission was flown to Sid Ahmed. Both raids with Spitfire escorts. Only a few German fighters intercepted, without success. The bombers claimed one German fighter destroyed. An hour later, 35 B-25s from the 310th Bomb Group and 18 P-38s from the 82nd Fighter Group raided Axis airfields in Sicily near Borizzo. Some 80–90 Axis aircraft were counted, poorly camouflaged and vulnerable. The attack achieved good results with fragmentation bombs. The attackers were intercepted by 15 Bf 109s, losing two B-25s. The bombers claimed three Bf 109s while the P-38s claimed two of the German fighters. The 301st Bomb Group attacked Milo airfield, claiming 52 destroyed on the ground. Actual Axis losses were 13 German and eight Italian aircraft destroyed with 11 German and 30 Italian aircraft damaged. Some 72 B-17s of the 99th Bomb Group bombed the airfield at Bocca di Falco. They claimed to have seen 100–150 aircraft, but the raid only destroyed four Axis aircraft and damaged several. Spitfires claimed two Bf 109s for two losses. Two sweeps by P-38 groups found nothing further. The NASAF claimed 201 Axis aircraft destroyed including 40 in the air. German sources list the loss of 14 Ju 52s in aerial combat and 11 Ju 52s and Me 323s on the ground with 67 damaged. Aside from combat aircraft, the British Official History concludes that 27 German and three Italian transports were lost on 5 April.
Fighter offensive.
Flax merged into the preparatory phase of the Sicilian Campaign as air attacks were eroding the Axis air defences on the island. While Flax continued on a smaller scale, the emphasis was on fighter operations. On 10 April, Flax was renewed and about 75 P-38s of the 1st Fighter Group intercepted 20 Italian Savoia-Marchetti SM.82 and around six Macchi C.200s. The battle resulted in ten transports and two Italian fighters being shot down. Later that morning, 27 P-38s of the 82nd Fighter Group were escorting 18 B-25s of the 310th Bomb Group over Cape Bon when 30 Ju 52s were spotted with two Bf 110s, two Ju 87s and just three Ju 88s with them. At first, eleven P-38s stayed with the B-25s but then the bombers joined in, flying past the transports and firing on them with their gunners. Around 15 Bf 109s were scrambled from Tunisia to help the transports and they destroyed one P-38 and damaged three more. The Germans had already suffered many losses; one P-38 pilot was killed when he flew into a Bf 110 and some B-25s were shot up. The Americans claimed 25 victories. The Germans recorded the loss of 10 Ju 52s, one Ju 88, one Bf 109 and one Bf 110. Some Ju 52s managed to ditch and their crews survived. A Spitfire patrol later shot down four more Ju 52s. It is likely the Bf 110s "spotted" in the formation were actually Me 210s from "Zerstörergeschwader" 1. RAF and USAAF units also shot down a SG 2 Fw 190 on a ferry flight and another from SKG 210. An SG 2 Hs 129 was also shot down and a Ju 88 from III./KG 77 was also shot down.
On 11 April, the 82nd ran into 20 Ju 52s, four Ju 88s, four Bf 110s and seven Bf 109s. The Americans claimed all of the Ju 52s and seven escorts. Actual losses are unclear; in the afternoon, 20 of the 82nd ran into 30 unescorted Ju 52s. The transports fought back, losing only five and shooting down one P-38, its pilot killed. The day's total amounted to 17 Ju 52s, one SM.82 and two Bf 110s destroyed. The RAF had also been involved in the day's operations; 152 Squadron sent 34 Spitfires to intercept 12 Ju 52s escorted by a handful of Bf 109s. Three Ju 52s were shot down for the loss of two Spitfires, both claimed by Wolfgang Tonne of I./JG 53; the German units reported no losses. It had been a bad day for the Luftwaffe, losses amounted to 18 Ju 52s; four from III./KG.z.b.V 1. Raids by RAF Vickers Wellington bombers continued during the night. Ju 88 night fighters from NJG 2 shot down two; the results of the raids are not known.
On 13 April, B-17s from the 97th and 301st Bomb Groups bombed Sicilian airfields at Castelvetrano and Trapani. The Italians lost 11 SM.82s destroyed and 16 damaged on the ground. At Trapani the Germans lost eight aircraft and 40 damaged for the loss of two B-17s to the island's fighter defences consisting of Bf 109s from JG 27. Battles over the airfields in the afternoon were inconclusive, costing the Axis one Ju 88 from II./KG 26 and the Allies a RAF Spitfire from 232 Squadron. That night, air raids killed four German fighter pilots from I./JG 53 and two Ju 88s from II./NJG 2 and III./KG 76 were lost.
Desert Air Force operations.
Early sweeps.
On 12 April, the RAF Desert Air Force took command over most of the Flax operations. The RAF used sea-looking radar, which was less effective than it could have been as the German formations flew low. The considerable ranges stretched the P-40s and Spitfires to the limit. The British spread their forces more thinly to maintain continuous coverage and on 16 April 13 Spitfires ran into a large formation of Axis aircraft. The Spitfires shot down seven SM.82s and a Bf 109 for the loss of two, German fighters claiming three Spitfires. One of the two confirmed victims was Wing Commander Ian "Widge" Gleed of 244 Wing. Gleed was possibly the victim of a "Leutnant" Ernst-Wilhelm Reinert of 4. "Staffel" of JG 77; Gleed had 14 victories.
The setback meant small operations were abandoned and missions continued with three P-40 squadrons covered by one Spitfire squadron. On 16 April, in a small counter-attack, eight SchlG 10 Fw 190s, escorted by 16 Bf 109s of JG 27 led an attack on Allied airfields near Souk el Khemis. They destroyed six A-20 Havoc bombers. The next day, II./ZG 26 several Bf 110s were shot down by 260 Squadron P-40s. The American 97th Bomb Group dispatched seven B-17s covered by 40 P-38s to bomb Palermo airfields. A large air battle developed when 30 Bf 110s and Bf 109s from ZG 26 and JG 27 intercepted. The Bf 110s attacked the bombers while the JG 27 Bf 109s tackled the escorts. The Germans claimed five bombers and one fighter for the loss of one Bf 109. Actual Allied losses are unknown.
Palm Sunday Massacre.
The patrols failed to intercept any formations of transports on the afternoon of 18 April. In the evening, the Ninth Air Force 57th Fighter Group sent out all of its squadrons, including the 314th Fighter Squadron of the 324th Fighter Group, under its command. The 57th had already flown unproductive sorties in the afternoon. Still, 47 USAAF P-40s arrived in the sweep area with 12 Spitfires from 92 Squadron RAF. The Spitfires flew high cover at while the P-40s stayed at around . Soon enough, a large formation of 30 Ju 52s was reported by Allied pilots at an altitude of only , flying north east on a return flight. There were 65 Ju 52s, 16 Axis fighters and five Bf 110s. As the Allied fighters began their attacks, the passengers fired machine guns out of the Junkers' windows in desperation to fend off the attack. In the air battle that followed, six P-40s and a Spitfire were shot down. The Americans claimed 146 victories, which was later reduced to 58 or 59 Ju 52s, 14 Macchi C.202s and Bf 109s and two to four Bf 110s. Actual German losses were 24 Ju 52s, nine Bf 109s and one Bf 110 shot down at sea; another 35 Ju 52s were damaged and managed to crash-land all along the Sicilian coastline. Some Italian fighters may also have been shot down. The battle became known as the Palm Sunday Massacre.
Continuation of offensive.
The following day, 7 Wing SAAF shot down another 16 Italian SM.82s. The ease with which they caught fire led the Allied pilots to believe they were carrying fuel. Among those units involved were 54 Squadron and 2 Squadron SAAF. Another source gives Axis losses as 10 destroyed and four crash landed. On 22 April, the 7 Wing sent out thirty-six P-40s which intercepted a well-escorted Italian formation. The South Africans claimed 12 Ju 52s, two SM 79s, a Ju 87 towing a glider, a Reggiane Re.2001, two Bf 109s and a Ju 88 for the loss of five Spitfires and three P-40s. Known Axis losses were 12 SM.79s and a Macchi C.202; RAF Spitfires flying from Malta shot down another two transports. Later, a flight made in daylight cost the Axis 16 or 17 Me 323 transports destroyed, plus a Macchi C.202, three German fighters and a Re-2001, when they were intercepted by 36 Australian, British and South African P-40s covered by South African, British and Polish Spitfire units.
Four P-40s were lost and one Spitfire had to force land. The main combatants in the battles were 1 Squadron SAAF, 112 Squadron RAF, 450 Squadron RAAF, I./JG 27 and II./JG 27. Göring ordered that no more transport flights be made. Albert Kesselring complained that this would deny the Axis forces supplies, and Göring once again permitted flights. This time they were to travel via Sardinia, but no more than 60–70 flights would be allowed per night; some 250 had been mounted daily before Flax. The transports also had to run the gauntlet of radar-equipped Bristol Beaufighters but these rarely were successful at intercepting them. One last Allied effort was made by 70 B-24 Liberators, which bombed airfields around Bari in Italy. Some 54 German aircraft were destroyed and 13 damaged on the ground. The USAAF units claimed 50.
Aftermath.
The aerial operation had a considerable effect in strangling Axis supply. The stores reaching Axis units dwindled and the Axis armies and air units remaining in Tunisia gradually ran out of fuel, ammunition and other supplies. Having lost most of its airbases, the Luftwaffe evacuated most of its units. By early May 1943, only the Italian fighter units and one German "Gruppe" (I./JG 77), remained as the Axis held on to a narrow strip of African coastline near Tunis. Allied air superiority was so overwhelming, that Luftwaffe personnel climbed into fighter fuselages, or squeezed into the cockpits of Bf 109s alongside the pilot rather than risk flying in transport aircraft. Most ground crew and pilots attempted to escape this way. Flying large numbers of personnel in one go and by transport was too dangerous; 16 personnel were killed in a crash on 29 or 30 April. The last transport missions were flown on 4 May, in which 117 tons of fuel and ammunition were brought in. Some supply drops were attempted (by II./"Kampfgeschwader 1"), but most of the remaining signals, "FlaK", transport and administrative staff left were captured when the campaign ended on 13 May 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="6976633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976633" title="Tiruchirapally">
Tiruchirapally



</doc>
<doc id="6976638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976638" title="Terrorizer (magazine)">
Terrorizer (magazine)

Terrorizer was an extreme music magazine published by Dark Arts Ltd. in the United Kingdom. It was released every four weeks with thirteen issues a year and featured a "Fear Candy" covermount CD, a twice yearly "Fear Candy Unsigned" CD, and a double-sided poster.
History.
1993.
"Terrorizer" published its first issue in October 1993 with Sepultura on the cover and a price of £1.95. "Sure, the layout was a bit ropey, with several 'cut out'-style pictures in the live section and some horribly lo-fi video stills in the Pestilence feature, but what a line-up of bands! Sepultura, Morgoth, Entombed, Morbid Angel, At the Gates, Coroner, Dismember, Sinister, Death...it was a veritable smorgasbord of brutality."
The magazine's name derives from seminal grindcore band Terrorizer (which got the name from the death metal band Master's first demo in 1985) and as such the magazine was an early champion of the emerging death metal scene, a tradition that it carried on and expanded to include all sub-generes of heavy metal adopting the slogan "extreme music - no boundaries" in 2003 with issue 108, also the first part of the Thrash Special.
After a second issue with cover stars Carcass, the then editor, Rob Clymo, took a risk by putting Metallica on the cover which, although it caused controversy with elitists, symbolised a move towards broader musical coverage. Despite this, "Terrorizer" pulse remained firmly on the extreme metal underground with Cradle of Filth winning best demo and Fear Factory best newcomer in the 1993 Readers' Poll.
1994–1995.
Issue 11 saw "Terrorizer" celebrate its first birthday, covering hardcore punk in force with features on Suicidal Tendencies, Madball, Chaos UK and Pro-Pain. "There was a sense that the team were finally properly honouring the magazine's original pledge to cover all forms of extreme music."
In 1994, death metal began to get wider acceptance in the mainstream metal press, but black metal continued to be vilified or ridiculed, or both, creating a gap that "Terrorizer" filled by giving pages to bands like Enslaved, Emperor and Dissection, whilst the demo reviews continued to beat the trend, getting first listens of Behemoth and Amon Amarth.
The first covermount CD, entitled "Noize Pollution 3" (the first two having been cassettes), appeared on issue 23 in 1995 and featured At the Gates, Six Feet Under, In Flames, Moonspell and Dissection. That year, "Terrorizer" also launched two phone services, "Deathline" and "Metal Mates", that were swiftly discontinued. "The former was a number you could call to actually listen to the whole of the interviews you'd read snippets of in the magazine, and the latter where you could register your personal details with a metal matchmaking agency."
1996–1998.
With issue 28 in 1996, Nick Terry replaced Rob Clymo as editor and the issue saw a Burzum artwork poster. With issue 29, the new editor overhauled and expanded the album reviews, live reviews and introduced a black metal news column. The next two years were dominated by black metal vs hardcore punk debates, as the two forces then dominant in extreme music came head-to-head in the magazine. Issue 33 also featured a demo review of Public Disturbance, a Cardiff-based hardcore band whose members would go on to form Lostprophets. In 1997, the first incarnation of the "Terrorizer" website was launched; Emperor, Deicide, Vader and the return of Mayhem made the covers, and hardcore continued to get heavy coverage with Integrity, Shelter, the reformed Agnostic Front and a UK HC scene report that introduced Knuckledust.
In 1998, coverage embraced both nu metal (albeit in a critical fashion), which the magazine tried to christen 'woolly hat' music, as well as more traditional fare; the former, however, saw them receive a great deal of criticism from the underground. "Terrorizer" also featured the last interview with Death frontman Chuck Schuldiner in issue 59. Although the next year saw the emergence of noisecore with Neurosis, Today Is the Day and The Dillinger Escape Plan, Slipknot, who would receive a cover by issue 73, got their first interview. Joey Jordison would later reveal how he had been reading the magazine since its first issue.
"Terrorizer" released its first cover mounted CD on its December 1998 issue and did so every four months until 2001, which it was released every two months. From 2002, every issue came with a CD.
1999–2018.
"Terrorizer" ended 1999 with a Christmas show that saw Hecate Enthroned and Akercocke support Morbid Angel at The Astoria 2 in London. In late 2000, Jonathan Selzer replaced Nick Terry as editor and 2001 saw a doom metal revival with coverage of Cathedral and Spirit Caravan so intensive that British doom metallers Warning split up following an argument inspired by quotes in their "Terrorizer" interview that year.
Issue 91 saw cover placement for London-based Satanic metallers Akercocke and later coverage of emerging British black metallers Anaal Nathrakh which would culminate in the previously studio-only band headlining "Terrorizer" 2005 Christmas event, "A Cold Night in Hell", as their first ever live appearance. With news of Chuck Schuldiner's death, issue 97 saw him appear on the cover in tribute along with six pages inside.
For issue 116, the covermount CD changed its name from "Terrorized" (then on its 26th volume) to "Fear Candy", with some volumes given over to the yearly "Fear Candy Unsigned" (previously called "The Abominable Showcase") CD in which unsigned bands competed for an interview in the magazine. For 2006, the "Fear Candy Unsigned" was mounted on the CD along with a regular "Fear Candy". Previous entrants for the "Fear Candy Unsigned" who have since had a level of success include Season's End, a symphonic metal band now on 1 Records, zombie-themed thrash band Send More Paramedics on In at the Deep End Records, post-hardcore band Million Dead (now split-up) and avant-garde grindcore band Tangaroa on Anticulture Records.
In September 2007, Jonathan Selzer left "Terrorizer" for "Metal Hammer", and was replaced as editor by Joseph Stannard, the magazine's news editor until that time. Subsequently the role of editor was occupied by former "Rock Sound" and "Kerrang!" staffer Darren Sadler, after previous editor Louise Brown left "Terrorizer" to create specialist heavy metal magazine "Iron Fist". Other roles were filled by Tom Dare (web editor), Darrell Mayhew (designer), Steve Newman (designer) and notable contributors included Morat, Paul Stenning, Ronnie Kerswell-O'Hara, Olivier "Zoltar" Badin, Kez Whelan, Jose Carlos Santos, Kim Kelly, John Mincemoyer, J. Bennett, Lee Macbride, Mike Kemp, Ian Glasper and Kevin Stewart-Panko.
The magazine's last issue (287) was released in June 2018 and its publisher Dark Arts Ltd. was dissolved in January 2019. Lack of communication about the closure of Terrorizer caused controversy with subscribers who had not been informed of the impending demise. There was additional controversy as, despite the lack of publication, subscribers were still being charged.
Genre Specials.
To date "Terrorizer" has produced nine genre specials and one "issue" special, the Art Special, part one of the Black Metal Special being the magazine's second best selling single issue on the UK newsstands and part one of the second Prog Special.
Punk Special (#96, 2002).
Initiated to celebrate the 25th anniversary of punk hitting the mainstream with the Sex Pistols' appearance on "Today" with Bill Grundy, the cover featured a striking image of a spikey haired female punk and led with a feature on Alan Parker's newly released punk history, "England's Dreaming", all the punk retrospectives across CD, DVD and book were compiled into one reviews spread, appropriately followed by a feature on punk reissues, a feature on anarcho-punk, the UK's DIY punk underground, the validity of US claims to 'inventing' punk versus UK claims, Oi!, hardcore punk, the punk/metal crossover, and the legacy of punk in post-punk, industrial and goth, interviews with Deadline, Sick on the Bus, Bad Religion, Alec Empire and author Stewart Home. The special ended on a list of the top 50 punk albums, which was topped by Discharge's "Hear Nothing See Nothing Say Nothing".
Gore Special (#98, 2002).
With a Necrophagia cover designed to mimic the EC Comics horror titles of the 1950s, the Gore Special opened with a four-page Necrophagia interview, a Desecration interview, a Goregrind Round-Up that included Autopsy and Visceral Bleeding, a feature on cover art, censorship, horror movies and Gorerotted's own top ten.
Prog Special (#101, 2002).
Cover stars Arcturus and Opeth were photoshopped to hold the glowing covermount CD, a design that failed with the last minute change from a clear CD sleeve to a card one. The special opened with "A Brief History of Prog", an interview with Arcturus, Opeth, Ihsahn, Rush, Dream Theater and Cave In. A feature on the prog/metal crossover and a top ten.
Thrash Special (#108 &amp; #109, 2003).
The first special to be done in multiple parts, issue 108 feature Anthrax's Scott Ian on the cover and 109 featured Nuclear Assault. The "Terrorizer" logo was coloured to resemble a classic thrash metal logo and the Thrash Special logo done as a patch on a denim background.
Part one started with a history of thrash, an interview with Anthrax, Overkill, Warhammer and Voivod, an overview of the global thrash metal scene, personal recollections from members of Testament, Kreator and Destruction as well as former "Metal Forces" editor Bernard Doe and producer Andy Sneap. Reviews of classic gigs and overview of the main labels involved.
Part two opened with cover-stars Nuclear Assault, the second part of the global thrash report, classic gigs and the personal recollections, an overview of forgotten bands, politics, thrash fashion, crossover thrash, the legacy of thrash, the art of Ed Repka and a top twenty trumped by Slayer's "Reign in Blood".
Black Metal Special (#128, #129 &amp; #130, 2005).
Opening with a striking Pete Beste image of Satyricon/1349's Frost breathing fire, the first part of the Black Metal Special opened with a brief history of black metal entitled "The Boys from the Black Stuff", a look at the black metal scene in Europe, the philosophy of black metal, the top twenty of the first wave, and a look at the black metal underground.
Part two of the black metal special began with a look at Supernatural Records, black metal labels, the scene in South America, the top twenty of the second wave, the black metal mainstream and the scene in North America. The third part contained a look at the scene in the UK and Ireland, Scandinavia, Australasia and a look at post-black metal.
Power Metal Special (#135, #136 &amp; #137, 2005).
Part one of the Power Metal Special featured a DragonForce cover, a brief history of the genre, a look at the scene in Germany and in the UK as well as interviews with DragonForce and Dream Theater. The poster had Manowar on one side and the fantasy art of Paul Raymond Gregory on the other. Another fantasy artist, Chris Achillëos, gave a harsh blow-by-blow critique of power metal album covers.
The second part contained an interview with Stratovarius, a scene report from the US, a look at power metal labels and selection of prominent power metal artists. The issue also contained a Judas Priest poster. Part three contained an interview with Gamma Ray and Helloween, a scene report for Europe, a top twenty and an A-to-Z of power metal themes.
Doom Special (#142, #143 &amp; #144, 2006).
Although only the first part dominated the cover, a Black Sabbath-era image of Ozzy Osbourne, the Doom Special featured a specially compiled "Bleak and Destroyed" compilation CD that included classic tracks by The Obsessed, Pentagram, Candlemass, My Dying Bride, Reverend Bizarre, Witchcraft and more. Part one began with a look at Black Sabbath, a review of the entire Black Sabbath discography, a double-sided Cathedral and Wino poster, a look at 'true doom', death/doom and oral histories from Scott "Wino" Weinrich and Sunn O)))'s Greg Anderson.
The second part featured a look at the 'true doom' community, doom labels, funeral doom/drone, oral histories from Candlemass's Leif Edling, Trouble's Eric Wagner, Saint Vitus' Dave Chandler and Cathedral's Lee Dorian. The issue also looked at stoner/sludge, doom artwork, the impact that doom had on the music world at large and posters of Electric Wizard and My Dying Bride.
Part three opened with a look at the doom scene in Maryland, Virginia and DC, themes in doom, concepts of sin and suffering in doom, forgotten doom, oral histories from Solitude's John Perez, Pentagram's Victor Griffin, My Dying Bride's Aaron Stainthorpe, and Sunn O)))/Khanate's Stephen O'Malley. Ending with a doom metal top ten for each of the main subgenres.
Death Metal Special (#148, #149, #150 &amp; #151, 2006).
The Death Metal Special has been the largest special to date, spanning four issues. The first, with a Deicide cover, contains an extensive history of the genre, a look at the scene in Florida and Stockholm, a double-sided Morbid Angel and Deicide poster, a look at progressive death metal and oral histories from Cannibal Corpse's Alex Webster and The Haunted/At the Gates' Anders Björler.
The second part opened with an interview with Albert Mudrian, author of "Choosing Death: The Improbable History of Death Metal and Grindcore", a Gothenburg scene report, an article on death metal artwork and the over-the-top sounds of Anal Cunt and Lawnmower Deth. Also included were oral histories from Immolation's Ross Dolan and Nile's Karl Sanders. The third part, the issue also including a feature on Napalm Death and a tribute to Napalm Death/Terrorizer's Jesse Pintado who died 24 August, launched with a look at the role tape-trading played in the growth of the genre, death metal in Eastern Europe (in particular, Vader, Decapitated and Behemoth), and in the UK (Carcass, Bolt Thrower, Napalm Death and Akercocke), as well as oral histories from Deicide's Glen Benton and Incantation's John McEntee before closing with an examination of the death/grind crossover.
Part four may have contained less death metal specific content than the first part, but it finished the series with an eighteen track covermount compilation CD, part sponsored by UK satellite channel Redemption TV. The CD featured a broad history of the genre, including tracks by Carcass, Repulsion, Autopsy, Morbid Angel, Deicide, Bolt Thrower, Cannibal Corpse, Entombed, Atheist, Obituary, Malevolent Creation, Nile, Suffocation, At the Gates, Cryptopsy, Dying Fetus, Hate Eternal and Behemoth. Due to licensing problems incurred by the death of Combat Records, Death and Possessed were noticeably absent. The rest of the magazine contained oral histories from Morbid Angel's Trey Azagthoth, Obituary's John Tardy and Cryptopsy's Flo Mounier, a roundtable discussion with the participating bands of the Swedish Masters of Death Tour (Dismember, Unleashed, Grave and Entombed), a look at the death metal scene in Canada, the labels that were involved in the genre's genesis and finally a death metal top 40.
Prog Special (The Return of Prog) (#161, #162 &amp; #163 2007).
Although covered previously in 2002, then News Editor Joseph Stannard felt that progressive rock needed another go, kick-starting a three part Prog Special. Issue 161, to date the best selling issue of the magazine, featured Rush, Sean Malone, a feature on Prog into Metal, Oral Histories with Voivod's Away, Van der Graaf Generator's Peter Hammill, Jethro Tull's Ian Anderson, Zombi's AE Paterra and Genesis's Steve Hackett. Issue 162 contained an interview with Aghora, a feature on progressive rock art and a top ten album sleeves, Oral Histories with Dream Theater's Mike Portnoy and James LaBrie, Akercocke's Jason Mendoca and The Nice's Davy O'List. Bringing up the rear was an article on progressive hardcore and forgotten classics of prog. Issue 163 concluded the special with Oral Histories from Jesu's Justin Broadrick and former Yes man Rick Wakeman, features on krautrock, Lee Dorrian's sizeable record collection, the Satanic prog of Coven and others, as well as "Twenty Essential '70s Prog Albums". Positive feedback for the special was registered both in the letters page and in a later feature conducted with Opeth's Mikael Åkerfeldt.
Terrorizer Online.
Launched in the autumn of 2007, "Terrorizer Online" is a weekly ezine characterised by a more personal and irreverent tone, frequently introduced by various members of the editorial team directly. In addition to this, the newsletter features exclusive content, ranging from reviews to alternative versions of lead features such as Down, Apocalyptica, Today Is the Day, Dam, Testament, Cannibal Corpse, Pestilence and completely original interviews with Massacre, Finntroll, The Locust, Sepultura, Bad Brains, Wintersun and Iced Earth.
John Peel.
British radio DJ John Peel, famously a champion of death metal and grindcore, mentioned the magazine in an episode of "Home Truths" on BBC Radio 4. "...I took several copies of a music magazine called 'Terrorizer' out of my luggage before leaving for New Zealand via Los Angeles in 2002 and given the hostility of the officials we encountered in California I'd say we did the right thing..."
Writers.
"Terrorizer" pool of writers included former Stampin' Ground bassist Ian Glasper, who has also written three books on UK punk, "Burning Britain: The History of UK Punk, 1980–1984", "The Day the Country Died: A History of Anarcho Punk 1980–1984" and "Trapped in a Scene: UK Hardcore 1985–1989", author and ghostwriter Paul Stenning, former Cradle of Filth keyboard player Damien (aka Greg Moffitt), comedy writer and Moss drummer Chris Chantler and guest columns from Fenriz, Today Is the Day's Steve Austin, Amon Amarth's Johan Hegg, Brutal Truth's Kevin Sharp and The Haunted's Peter Dolving.

</doc>
<doc id="6976655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976655" title="WON">
WON



</doc>
<doc id="6976664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976664" title="Dwayne Johnson (entertainer)">
Dwayne Johnson (entertainer)



</doc>
<doc id="6976669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976669" title="Baghdad Renaissance Plan">
Baghdad Renaissance Plan



</doc>
<doc id="6976670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976670" title="Acanthothoraci">
Acanthothoraci

Acanthothoraci ("spine chests") is an extinct group of chimaera-like placoderms closely related to the rhenanid placoderms. Superficially, the acanthoracids resembled scaly chimaeras and (relatively) heavily armored ptyctodonts. They were distinguished from chimaeras by their large scales and plates, a pair of large spines that emanate from their chests (thus, the order's name), tooth-like beak plates, and the typical bone-enhanced placoderm eyeball. They were distinguished from other placoderms by differences in skull anatomy and by patterns on the skull plates and thoracic plates that are unique to this order.
Fossil record.
Fossils of the acanthothoracids are found in various deposits from the Lower Devonian throughout the world. Fossils of the Palaeacanthaspids are found in Eurasia and Canada, while the Weejasperaspids have only been found in the Taemas Wee Jasper reef, in Southeastern Australia.
Ecology.
From what can be inferred from the mouthplates of fossil specimens, the acanthothoracids were ecologically similar to modern-day chimaeras, being a clique of shellfish hunters. Competition with their relatives, the ptyctodont placoderms, may have been one of the main reasons for the acanthothoracids' extinction prior to the Mid Devonian extinction event.
Families.
Three families have been recognized:
Relation to other placoderms.
Most placoderm experts have reached a consensus that Acanthothoracida is the sister group of the rest of Placodermi, save for, perhaps, "Stensioella" and Pseudopetalichthyida. This is the result of a careful reexamination of the various members of the Acanthothoracid family Palaeacanthaspidae in that particular species within that family share various anatomical similarities with other placoderm orders, particularly the anatomies of their braincase, dermal plate arrangement and bone histology. In 2011 the genus "Hagianella", of the monotypic family Hagianellidae, was reappraised as possibly being the sister-group of Ptyctodontida in light of similarities of skull anatomies. Accordingly, Palaeacanthaspidae and Hagianellidae are now considered paraphyletic in view of similarities of their members to primitive members of other placoderm orders.
The family Weejasperaspididae, on the other hand, is considered monophyletic. Because of the Weejasperaspids' generalized anatomy and strong similarities with the palaeacanthaspids, but no overt similarities with any other order save Brindabellaspida, they are regarded as either basal placoderms or very close to the basal placoderm.

</doc>
<doc id="6976672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976672" title="Seltzer bottle">
Seltzer bottle



</doc>
<doc id="6976674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976674" title="June Dhule">
June Dhule



</doc>
<doc id="6976676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976676" title="The Bolton News">
The Bolton News

The Bolton News – formerly the Bolton Evening News – is a daily newspaper and news website covering the towns of Bolton and Bury in north-western England. Published each morning from Monday to Saturday and online every day, it is part of the Newsquest media group, a subsidiary of the U.S media giant Gannett Inc. The current editor is Richard Duggan, who also oversees other titles in the North West of England.
Briefly.
"The Bolton News" has an approximate circulation of 7,589.
On 11 September 2006 the "Bolton Evening News" became "The Bolton News", which saw the newspaper being sold from the morning onwards. It considered several names, including "Bolton Daily News" and "Bolton News". Newsquest bought these internet domain names in May 2006.
The editor of "The Bolton News" is Richard Duggan (who also oversees other newspapers in the North West as Regional Editor, including the Lancashire Telegraph, Bury Times, The Oldham Times, the Warrington Guardian and Wirral Globe. Saiqa Chaudhari is the audience and content editor for the website, while Roger Airey is in charge of print production. The sports editor is David Pye and the chief football correspondent is Marc Iles.
In depth.
"The Bolton Evening News" was Britain's first community evening halfpenny newspaper. The only other evening paper to publish before "The Bolton Evening News" was the "Shipping Gazette" in South Shields.
The first edition of "The Bolton Evening News" was founded by the Tillotson family and was published on Tuesday 19 March 1867 – with the front page entirely devoted to adverts. But the origins of the paper stretch way back to 1834 when John Tillotson was apprenticed to printer Robert Marsden Holden, who had premises in Mealhouse Lane, Bolton. Tillotson eventually married his boss's daughter and took over the business in 1850. His son, William Frederick Tillotson, became apprenticed to his father. He managed to persuade his father to help him launch the first "Bolton Evening News", which stretched to four pages. William Frederick Tillotson married Mary Lever on 20 April 1870. Severe difficulties dogged WF Tillotson's early enterprise but he persevered and the "Evening News" really took off under the first editor William Brimelow. Legend has it that the job application process then could be traumatic. Brimelow is said to have had a habit of throwing a book on the ground just as potential applicants entered the office to see what their reaction was.
Following on from the success of the evening paper the weekly Journals followed: "Bolton Weekly Journal" 1871 (which merged with the "Bolton Guardian" in 1893 to become the "Bolton Journal and Guardian"), "Farnworth Weekly Journal" 1873, "Leigh, Tyldesley and Atherton Journal" 1874, "Eccles and Patricroft Journal" 1874, "Horwich and Westhoughton Journal" 1925, and the "Stretford and Urmston" in 1960.
Tillotson's Fiction Bureau, founded by WF Tillotson in 1873, played an important role in publishing late Victorian and early-20th-century literature.
WF Tillotson died in 1889, leaving his widow and six children. In addition to the newspaper the Tillotson family also developed their general printing and carton making businesses. Mary Tillotson, widow of WF Tillotson, was a business partner in the "Bolton Evening News"; John Lever Tillotson left the "Bolton Evening News" to join the board of Lever Brothers.
The paper went from strength to strength and outgrew its primitive origins in a hand-fed printer and in 1876 a Victory printing and folding machine was acquired with a capacity of printing 16,000 copies an hour. The Tillotsons remained owners of the "Evening News" into the latter part of the 20th century, but the days of family-owned newspapers were drawing to a close and in 1971 the Tillotsons sold the company to St Regis International of New York. From then on change happened rapidly. St Regis sold the group to Reed International in 1982 and the "Bolton Evening News" became the largest of its titles.
In 1987 the paper relocated to Newspaper House in Churchgate and the old building in Mealhouse Lane became the Shipgates shopping centre, later becoming part of Crompton Place shopping arcade.
In September 2006 the paper was renamed "The Bolton News". The rename came about as the paper is now delivered from the morning onwards. On 11 June 2009 the sub-editors in the editorial department were moved to Blackburn, working from the offices of the "Lancashire Telegraph". It meant the production of pages for "The Bolton News" were created away from Bolton for the first time in the publication's history.
At the start of 2009, the "Bury Times" operation was merged with "The Bolton News". The Bury Times office in Market Street was sold to Bury College. The "Bury Times" is now largely produced in Bolton and Blackburn and in April 2013, it was revamped with more pages and a £1 price point.
In 2011, The Bolton News looked towards digital production, expanding into the smartphone app market, launching "Bolton and Bury Football" for Apple iOS devices, and producing ebooks for the iPad and Kindle.
In October 2012, The Bolton News relocated to The Wellsprings, Bolton, taking over the former Barclays Bank after the lease on Newspaper House came to an end. The newspaper was given a fresh look and increased price in May 2013 but it led to a 32 per cent drop in circulation.
In 2023, Bolton based British-Indian Entrepreneur Dr Prash Ladva, was crowned Young Entrepreneur of the Year.
Editors.
The "Bolton News" has had just 15 editors but it functioned without anyone officially being designated editor until William Brimelow was confirmed in the post in 1871.
Online editors.
The "Bolton News" has had five dedicated online editors who have overseen theboltonnews.co.uk and burytimes.co.uk. Before 2005, there was no single online editor.

</doc>
<doc id="6976677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976677" title="Mr Jordan">
Mr Jordan



</doc>
<doc id="6976678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976678" title="ABBAMAIL">
ABBAMAIL

ABBAMAIL was an ABBA fan organisation on the Internet, based in Sydney, Australia. It was founded by Graeme Read and Grant Whittingham on 13 January 1997. The web site featured monthly columns, regular news updates, and a comprehensive archive including pictures, press releases and original articles. Revenue for the web site came from a subscription based e-mail list and an online store. It also contained a subscription-free forum and chat room. ABBAMAIL claimed to be one of the popular ABBA fan sites on the web, with over 25,000 unique hits per month. The web site was closed on 28 October 2008.
Origins.
The ABBAMAIL e-mail list went live on 13 January 1997 to give ABBA fans an unmoderated voice on the Internet. The incumbent list at the time, Abba-List, was criticised for not allowing freedom of speech.
Co-founders Graeme Read and Grant Whittingham (previously President and Treasurer of the Australian ABBA Fan Club from 1976 to 1983) brought their combined experience in managing such organisations to the new venture.
Hundreds of people initially joined the list, and within months the web site had been created. In addition to content provided by the founders, much content was provided by the e-mail list members.
Conventions.
ABBAMAIL was responsible for bringing fans together, both via the e-mail list and web site and via fan conventions held in Australia. The usual format of an ABBAMAIL convention was a welcome, followed by merchandise sales, rare or topical video presentations, a break for lunch, a guest speaker with question and answer sessions, followed by dinner and an ABBA disco.
The following conventions were held by ABBAMAIL in Sydney -
Australian Tour: 20 Year Celebration – March 1997. Special Guest – Annie Wright, who was an employee of RCA in the 1970s and accompanied the group on their Australian tour.
Women of ABBA – June 1997.
Summer Night City – November 1998.
The ABBA Generation – November 1999. Special Guest – Shelley Benson, who was Abba's promotional manager at RCA in the 1970s. According to ABBAMAIL founders, the event was inspired by Gabriel Zubowski, an ABBA fan from Poland.
CMP Down Under – September 2001. Special Guest – ABBA historian and author, Carl Magnus Palm.
MAD 05 – September 2005.
The ABBAMAIL Effect.
Through its ability to focus comments from a large number of ABBA fans into one forum, ABBAMAIL impacted parts of ABBA's music production, such as PolyGram and Universal Music re-releasing CDs in a corrected form. In 1997, all eight studio albums were remastered and re-released. Audiophiles among the fan group immediately noticed errors and problems with this mastering and discussed being disappointed by the quality of the covers. The original negatives were sourced for the cover art, resulting in the first clear covers since CDs had been released.
ABBAMAIL was also asked for assistance in locating additional material for the ABBA – In Concert DVD and the DVD release. In his book, "Bright Lights, Dark Shadows – The Real Story of ABBA", author Carl Magnus Palm thanks the ABBAMAIL list along with many individual ABBAMAIL members who assisted him with his work.
Fans on the list connected initially via the e-mail list. These personal friendships have resulted in people travelling around the world in order to meet face to face.
Controversy.
In May 2006, ABBAMAIL were threatened with legal action by MIPI (Music Industry Piracy Investigations) working on behalf of Universal Music. ABBAMAIL had offered bootleg recordings of non-commercially available television appearances and home-recorded live concerts on CD. According to ABBAMAIL, Universal Music had known about this for several years and previously chose not to take any action.
Initially, they demanded all items in the web shop containing the ABBA logo to be removed from sale. This was completed. A new demand was issued demanding names and addresses of all ABBA fans who had purchased material from the site. This was not completed.
A campaign was begun with ABBAMAIL supporters e-mailing the record company and the group's representatives to protest the action. As of 15 September 2006, the legal action was complete at a cost of over A$4,000 in legal fees. MIPI advised they were happy with the compliance with their demands and no further action was pending.

</doc>
<doc id="6976681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976681" title="Forests Of Witchery">
Forests Of Witchery



</doc>
<doc id="6976683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976683" title="Seltzer siphon bottle">
Seltzer siphon bottle



</doc>
<doc id="6976684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976684" title="Mujangga">
Mujangga

Mujangga (; ; 1782–1856) was a Manchu statesman of the late Qing dynasty, belonging to the Gogiya (郭佳) clan. He belonged under the Bordered Blue Banner in the Eight Banners. In 1805, he was awarded the jinshi degree, the highest level in the imperial examination and quickly rose in the ranks of the Qing government. He became a member of the Grand Council in 1828 and gradually grew to exercise a decisive influence on the Daoguang Emperor's policies. Following the demise of Cao Zhenyong, Mujangga became the chief Grand Councillor in 1837. As tensions in Sino-British relations rose in 1839, he became one of the chief advocates of a conciliatory policy towards the British and following the outbreak of the First Opium War, he moved to dismiss Lin Zexu from his position as imperial commissioner in September 1840. Around 1845 he was President of the Hanlin Academy. Mujangga's conciliatory policies created tensions with the allegedly more xenophobic heir apparent, and following his accession to the throne as the Xianfeng Emperor, Mujangga was dismissed from all his positions in 1851.
Mujangga was the teacher of Zeng Guofan — a young Chinese statesman, Confucian scholar, and future general of the Xiang Army during the Taiping Rebellion who later became a mentor to Li Hongzhang, a future diplomat of the Qing Dynasty and trade minister of the Beiyang Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="6976689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976689" title="Significant wave height">
Significant wave height

In physical oceanography, the significant wave height (SWH, HTSGW or "H"s) 
is defined traditionally as the mean "wave height" (trough to crest) of the highest third of the waves ("H"1/3). It is usually defined as four times the standard deviation of the surface elevation – or equivalently as four times the square root of the zeroth-order moment (area) of the "wave spectrum". The symbol "H"m0 is usually used for that latter definition. The significant wave height (Hs) may thus refer to "H"m0 or "H"1/3; the difference in magnitude between the two definitions is only a few percent.
SWH is used to characterize "sea state", including winds and swell.
Origin and definition.
The original definition resulted from work by the oceanographer Walter Munk during World War II. The significant wave height was intended to mathematically express the height estimated by a "trained observer". It is commonly used as a measure of the height of ocean waves.
Time domain definition.
Significant wave height "H"1/3, or "H""s" or "H""sig", as determined in the time domain, directly from the time series of the surface elevation, is defined as the average height of that one-third of the "N" measured waves having the greatest heights: formula_1 where "H"m represents the individual wave heights, sorted into descending order of height as "m" increases from 1 to "N". Only the highest one-third is used, since this corresponds best with visual observations of experienced mariners, whose vision apparently focuses on the higher waves.
Frequency domain definition.
Significant wave height "H"m0, defined in the frequency domain, is used both for measured and forecasted wave variance spectra. Most easily, it is defined in terms of the variance "m"0 or standard deviation "σ""η" of the surface elevation: formula_2 where "m"0, the zeroth-moment of the variance spectrum, is obtained by integration of the variance spectrum. In case of a measurement, the standard deviation "σ""η" is the easiest and most accurate statistic to be used.
Statistical distribution of the heights of individual waves.
Significant wave height, scientifically represented as "H"s or "H"sig, is an important parameter for the statistical distribution of ocean waves. The most common waves are lower in height than "H"s. This implies that encountering the significant wave is not too frequent. However, statistically, it is possible to encounter a wave that is much higher than the significant wave.
Generally, the statistical distribution of the individual wave heights is well approximated by a Rayleigh distribution. For example, given that "H"s is , statistically:
This implies that one might encounter a wave that is roughly double the significant wave height. However, in rapidly changing conditions, the disparity between the significant wave height and the largest individual waves might be even larger.
Other statistics.
Other statistical measures of the wave height are also widely used. The RMS wave height, which is defined as square root of the average of the squares of all wave heights, is approximately equal to "H"s divided by 1.4.
For example, according to the Irish Marine Institute:
Measurement.
Although most measuring devices estimate the significant wave height from a wave spectrum, satellite radar altimeters are unique in measuring directly the significant wave height thanks to the different time of return from wave crests and troughs within the area illuminated by the radar. The maximum ever measured wave height from a satellite is during a North Atlantic storm in 2011.
Weather forecasts.
The World Meteorological Organization stipulates that certain countries are responsible for providing weather forecasts for the world's oceans. These respective countries' meteorological offices are called Regional Specialized Meteorological Centers, or RSMCs. In their weather products, they give ocean wave height forecasts in significant wave height. In the United States, NOAA's National Weather Service is the RSMC for a portion of the North Atlantic, and a portion of the North Pacific. The Ocean Prediction Center and the Tropical Prediction Center's Tropical Analysis and Forecast Branch (TAFB) issue these forecasts.
RSMCs use wind-wave models as tools to help predict the sea conditions. In the U.S., NOAA's Wavewatch III model is used heavily.
Generalization to wave systems.
A "significant wave height" is also defined similarly, from the "wave spectrum", for the different systems that make up the sea. We then have a "significant wave height" for the wind-sea or for a particular swell.

</doc>
<doc id="6976699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976699" title="Aleksey Zubov">
Aleksey Zubov



</doc>
<doc id="6976721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976721" title="Green party of new york">
Green party of new york



</doc>
<doc id="6976722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976722" title="Greenlands, Henley-on-Thames">
Greenlands, Henley-on-Thames



</doc>
<doc id="6976724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976724" title="Charles D.B. King">
Charles D.B. King



</doc>
<doc id="6976730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976730" title="Terrence Powderly">
Terrence Powderly



</doc>
<doc id="6976731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976731" title="Andokides (vase painter)">
Andokides (vase painter)

Andokides was an ancient Athenian vase painter, active from approximately 530 to 515 BC. His work is unsigned and his true name unknown. He was identified as a unique artistic personality through stylistic traits found in common among several paintings. This corpus was then attributed by John D. Beazley to the Andokides Painter, a name derived from the potter Andokides, whose signature appears on several of the vases bearing the painter's work. He is often credited with being the originator of the red-figure vase painting technique. To be sure, he is certainly one of the earliest painters to work in the style. In total, fourteen amphorae and two cups are attributed to his hand. Six of the amphorae are "bilingual", meaning they display both red-figure and black-figure scenes.
Biography.
Several details regarding the artistic biography of the Andokides Painter have been suggested through connoisseurial studies of his work. As mentioned, he is widely thought to be the creator of the red-figure painting technique. It is likely, however, that he also worked in black-figure painting, and his style suggests a link, possibly in the role of student, to the great black-figure painter Exekias. John Boardman sees connections to Ionian art in the painter's work, suggesting that he may have been an immigrant from East Greece. Dietrich von Bothmer also notes that the earliest instances of the use of a white ground in vase painting occur in the Andokides Painter's scenes, perhaps indicating that he should be credited additionally with inventing the white ground technique.
The emergence of red-figure painting.
The invention of the red-figure technique occurred sometime around 525 BC. The evidence for this date lies in the connections between the Andokides Painter's work and a datable monument: the Siphnian Treasury at Delphi. The frieze of the Treasury shows certain stylistic and compositional innovations, such as the introduction of three-quarter views and foreshortening, which parallel developments in the new red-figure painting, most especially in images by the Andokides Painter. Additionally, certain subjects depicted on the Treasury, like the struggle for the Delphic tripod, are not generally found in Attic painting until the Andokides Painter's red-figure scenes. The relationship between the Treasury and the Andokides Painter's work is so strong, that some scholars have posited the vase painter was somehow involved in the frieze's production, perhaps as a colorist.
Bilingual vases and the debate over attribution.
The Andokides Painter has always featured prominently in scholarly debates over the attribution of bilingual vases. The dispute centers on the question of authorship of the black-figure paintings: whether each scene was produced by a different artist, or if the same hand painted both scenes in both techniques. The question was first raised by Adolf Furtwängler, who suggested that the paintings were realized by two separate hands. Beazley changed his mind over the matter several times during his career, specifically in relation to works he attributed to the Andokides Painter. He eventually came to the conclusion that two artists were involved in production of the vases, the Andokides Painter painted the red-figure pictures and another artist, who he named the Lysippides Painter, produced the black-figure pictures. Many scholars, however, have resisted this conclusion and question whether the Andokides Painter and the Lysippides Painter are in fact one and the same.
The uncertainty surrounding the issue was convincingly dispelled, however, through studies undertaken by Beth Cohen and Elizabeth Simpson. Beth Cohen in her publication "Attic Bilingual Vases and Their Painters", produced a definitive study of the bilingual vase form. She closely observed certain details, drawing styles, themes, compositions, and preferences in order to establish artistic personalities, a chronology of the vases, and the relationship of the scenes to one another. Her conclusions demonstrated that the Lysippides Painter and the Andokides Painter were distinct, that shared details among the paintings were the result of collaboration, and that the black-figure images were a self-contained corpus that was not produced by the painter of the red-figure scenes. Elizabeth Simpson in her article "The Andokides Painter and Greek Carpentry" further settled the debate by demonstrating a key difference between the painters of the red-figure and black-figure images on vase Munich 2301. In each, the hero Herakles is shown reclining on a Greek couch or "kline". How the couch is depicted reveals an essential difference between the renderings. In the red-figure painting, details of the couch indicate the Andokides Painter had a thorough working knowledge of carpentry practices: tenons and rails are accurately depicted, conforming to woodworking practices and known ancient forms. The black-figure scene, however, lacks the same precision and accuracy. Rails and tenons are depicted in inappropriate locations, resulting in a construction that would not have been structurally sound. A small table also included in the scene shows the same disparities. This discrepancy clearly indicates two artistic personalities at work: one who had an understanding of carpentry and furniture construction, and one who did not.

</doc>
<doc id="6976737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976737" title="Jeff Mitchell (golfer)">
Jeff Mitchell (golfer)

Jeff Mitchell (born August 9, 1954) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour in the 1970s and 1980s. He has also been a head coach in various college men's and women's golf programs.
Mitchell was born in Rockford, Illinois. He attended Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas and was a member of the golf team. While a student at Texas Tech, he won the 1975 and 1976 West Texas Championships. Mitchell turned pro and joined the PGA Tour in 1976.
Mitchell was a full-time member of the PGA Tour from 1977–1984. His career year was 1980 when he won the Phoenix Open by four strokes over Rik Massengale after having to Monday qualify, earned $111,217, and finished 37th on the money list. That year he was also first round co-leader at The Masters; he ended the tournament at T38, which was his best finish in a major championship. Mitchell had a dozen top-10 finishes in PGA Tour events during his career.
After retiring as a touring professional in the mid-1980s, Mitchell took various club pro jobs in Texas and Florida before returning to Texas Tech to complete his degree and earn his teaching certificate. Mitchell was men's head golf coach at Stanford University for four years prior to resigning in June 2004. Before that, he was head of women's golf at Texas Tech for 10 years; his last three years at Texas Tech he headed both the men's and women's programs. He was inducted into the Texas Tech University Hall of Fame in 2000.
Mitchell was a contestant on , the sixth edition of The Golf Channel's reality show, The Big Break.
Mitchell was the women's golf coach at the University of North Texas from 2008 to September 2015.
Results in major championships.
"Note: Mitchell never played in The Open Championship."&lt;br&gt;
CUT = missed the half-way cut&lt;br&gt;
"T" = tied

</doc>
<doc id="6976746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976746" title="Sky High Lee">
Sky High Lee



</doc>
<doc id="6976754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976754" title="Hope and Other Dangerous Pursuits">
Hope and Other Dangerous Pursuits

Hope and Other Dangerous Pursuits (2005) is the debut book by Moroccan-American author Laila Lalami. It has been described as a novel, and as a linked series of short stories or fictional portraits. First published in the United States, the connected stories explore the extensive immigration from North Africa to Europe through the lives of four Moroccan characters: two men and two women.
Plot summary.
A group of young Moroccan immigrants seeking a better life in Spain cross the Strait of Gibraltar on a lifeboat. When it capsizes near shore, it is everyone for themselves. The book chronicles the lives of four of the passengers: two men and two women, Murad, Aziz, Halima, with her three small children; and Faten, exploring their lives before the trip and why they chose the dangerous path of immigration.
Lalami has said she was inspired by an article in "Le Monde" about some Moroccan immigrants.
Reception.
In the "Washington Post", Carolyn See described it as "a bracing and beautiful little novel." Pankaj Mishra, writing in the "New York Review of Books", said that "Lalami writes about her home country without the expatriate's self-indulgent and often condescending nostalgia."
"Kirkus Reviews" said the book was "ambitious", ...[f]lawed but impressive: This could well be the preamble to an important body of work."
"Publishers Weekly" described it as "Less a novel than a set of finely detailed portraits, this book gives outsiders a glimpse of some of Moroccan society's strata and the desperation that underlies many ordinary lives."
In a 2014 essay, critic Lisa Marchi said the book is "wisely constructed: the writer confidently travels between temporal settings and geographical zones to gradually unveil the genealogy of each character’s migratory project".
Themes.
Lisa Marchi says that the collection of stories "highlights the economic precarity, social invisibility, and indisputable vulnerability of the migrants".
The stories present a complex view of the nature of the "Muslim" identity of many of these immigrants.

</doc>
<doc id="6976755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976755" title="Operation Clipper">
Operation Clipper

During the Second World War, Operation Clipper was an Allied offensive by the British XXX Corps (which included the American 84th Infantry Division) to reduce the Geilenkirchen salient in mid-November 1944. "Clipper" was the preliminary to a wider Allied operation, Operation Queen, to gain control of the Roer valley and of the Hürtgen Forest.
Geilenkirchen is situated on the Wurm River, some north of Aachen. The surrounding area is undulating, alternating between woodland, farmland and industrial villages. The area was crossed by a network of passable minor roads, some major roads and a railway line. The Wurm is the major geographic feature.
The salient was a German position on the Siegfried Line ("Westwall") at the boundary between the British Second Army and the American 9th Army. It restricted the movement of Allied forces and was a potential threat.
Background.
Anglo-American cooperation was prompted by the availability of British artillery and the specialised armour support of "Hobart's Funnies" (such as flail and flamethrower tanks). A two-pronged attack was planned on the salient and the temporary attachment of the 84th Infantry Division to XXX Corps, avoided problems of divided command. The British part of the operation was coordinated from 13 November to 24 November in a house at "Laurastraat" 67 in Eygelshoven (now Kerkrade).
The operation was planned to take four phases. First, on 18 November the U.S. 84th Division – commanded by Major General Alexander R. Bolling – would pass through the troops manning the frontline, advance north-east and take Prummern and the surrounding high ground, east of Geilenkirchen. Second, at midday, the British 43rd (Wessex) Infantry Division – commanded by Major-General Ivor Thomas – was to advance and capture the high ground north and west of the town (around Bauchem and Tripsrath). Once done, Geilenkirchen would be virtually encircled, and the 84th Division would occupy the town and its north-eastern suburbs (third phase) before, in the fourth phase, both divisions would advance north-east about , clearing both sides of the Wurm. The final objectives were the villages of Hoven, Müllendorf, Würm and Beeck.
For aerial support the operation had aircraft from RAF Second Tactical Air Force and the XXIX Tactical Air Command.
Defences.
The German defenders consisted of the bulk of the 176th Infantry Division, northwest of Geilenkirchen, and the extemporised 183rd "Volksgrenadier" Division, in the town and southeast of it. "General der Infantrie" Günther Blumentritt—commander of the XII SS Corps which the 176th and 183rd were subordinate to —had placed the bulk of his artillery in the area.
South-east of Geilenkirchen, deep minefields had been laid from Geilenkirchen to Jülich, via Immendorf and Puffendorf, about . The area was at the point where a new section of the "Westwall", built while Aachen held out, joined the established defences. "Westwall" used the compact, stone-built buildings in the villages, which had been fortified, and purpose-built concrete bunkers.
"Clipper".
Opening moves.
At 06:00, before dawn, on 18 November, giant searchlights ("canal defence lights") of the 357th Searchlight Battery, Royal Artillery provided hazy indirect light for the mine-clearing flail tanks supporting the infantry. These tanks moved toward the German mine field between Geilenkirchen and Immendorf, but, on the wet ground, mud lessened the flails′ effectiveness and so engineers followed with mine detectors.
After a brief artillery bombardment, the 334th Infantry Regiment advanced through the cleared strips at 07:00 and easily secured the high ground east of Geilenkirchen. The right flank gave some concern to U.S. commanders as a counter-attack was expected and fresh German troops appeared to be in the area; the advance to Prummern was delayed until the flank was secured. When the attack resumed, supported by British Sherman tanks, there was steady progress and the regiment's objectives were achieved by late afternoon.
The British attack north and west of the town also achieved its objectives by nightfall. The Worcestershire Regiment advanced on Tripsrath, capturing its intermediate objectives of Rischden and intervening woods with little opposition and few casualties. The preparatory bombardment had reduced the Germans′ will to resist and rain had exposed much of the minefields. The rain, however, also made it difficult to bring-up armoured support, anti-tank guns and supplies. An unsupported British advance on a copse—using Universal Carriers—was engaged by two self-propelled guns and forced back, with heavy casualties.
Despite further counter-attacks and "friendly fire" casualties, the Worcestershires occupied Tripsrath after dark, aided by artillery, and held most of the village sometimes with Germans as next-door neighbours.
Increased resistance.
Given the first day's success, XXX Corps′ commander—Lieutenant General Brian Horrocks—directed that the last two phases—3 and 4—should be combined on the 19th. In order to facilitate this, the U.S. 84th Division continued its advance toward Süggerath, instead of consolidating overnight. A reconnaissance patrol toward Beeck, however, reported an impending German counter-attack on Prummern by two companies of the 9th "Panzer" Division′s 10th "Panzergrenadier" Regiment, with six tanks. The night attack was fought off, but the American advance toward Beeck was delayed until just before dawn on the 19th. Resistance in Prummern continued until 20 November, when it was finally cleared with the support of British Churchill Crocodile flamethrower tanks: the adjacent high ground, "Mahogany Hill", which had held out for two days, was finally captured by an American surprise attack on 22 November.
On the 19th, the Worcestershires had been denied supply and support by the lack of a usable supply route, but they fought off a counter-attack by the 104th Panzer Grenadier Regiment of the 15th "Panzergrenadier" Division. Five Shermans of the 4th/7th Royal Dragoon Guards—equipped for traversing mud—arrived, but four were almost immediately knocked out by artillery and a "Panzerfaust". A second German attack, on Rischden, this time supported by two Tiger II tanks and two self-propelled guns, was engaged by PIATs, anti-tank guns and tanks that had arrived and by flanking fire from Tripsrath and it was beaten off with severe losses for the Germans.
Events in the Prummern area had made American commanders cautious, particularly as there was now a gap in the American line between the 84th Division and the U.S. 2nd Armored Division distant at . This was plugged by the temporary attachment of the 405th Infantry Regiment.
Geilenkirchen captured.
Geilenkirchen itself was subdued relatively easily by the 333rd Infantry Regiment on 19 November, but the Allied advance suffered from the lack of artillery support which had been held back by the fear of friendly fire incidents, as had occurred earlier in the British sector. Two troops of tanks from the British Sherwood Rangers Yeomanry provided close support, although they could not make up entirely for lack of artillery. From Geilenkirchen, the advance continued northeast along the Wurm toward Süggerath. Crocodiles subdued the increasing German resistance, especially two pillboxes guarding the road into Süggerath. "A few squirts from the flame-throwers, and the Germans poured out ... The bastards are afraid of those flame-throwers and won’t be caught inside a pillbox ...", said one U.S. company commander.
The capture of Geilenkirchen opened a supply route to Tripsrath. German artillery heavily bombarded Tripsrath for the next four days, but, sheltering in basements, the British infantry suffered few losses. On the other hand, German defenders of the neighbouring hamlet of Bauchem were subdued by a ferociously effective and uniquely concentrated four-hour artillery bombardment on the 20th, and advancing infantry occupied it with no effective resistance.
The lead battalion of the 333rd passed through Süggerath, by-passing determined German strongholds. Augmented by a second, fresh battalion, Süggerath was cleared during the night of 19/20 November. The 333rd Infantry was still over a mile short of its final objective of Würm, but there was the possibility of establishing a coherent frontline with XXX Corps on its left and 334th Infantry Regiment on its right. The weather, however, intervened.
Rain intervenes.
Intermittent showers were followed by a downpour on 21 November, turning the fields into mudbaths that rendered the tanks ineffective and vulnerable. The direct road to Würm was mined and an alternative side road was blocked by debris and could not be cleared until a bulldozer was used. The U.S. infantry attempted to advance but, without tanks, they were beaten back. When the British Crocodiles were able to advance and assault the defences, there was rapid progress, with defenders surrendering. The mud intervened again, however, bogging down the Crocodiles′ armoured trailers. Without their support, infantry attacks on Müllendorf failed, particularly as the German defences had been strengthened by the 15th "Panzergrenadier" Division.
A flanking attack by the U.S. 405th Infantry Regiment toward Beeck on 22 November similarly bogged down against prepared defences. On the other side of the Wurm, British assaults were also beaten off by strengthened resistance.
Aftermath.
Despite the frustrations of 21–22 November, and the failure to capture the final objectives, the purpose of the operation had, in fact, now been achieved. The Geilenkirchen salient had been substantially removed and the U.S. XIII Corps now had room to manoeuvre. The 84th Infantry Division reverted to U.S. command and further attacks were abandoned on the 23rd.
On 23 November, the Worcestershires were relieved by 5th Battalion of the Wiltshire Regiment, who had been holding the village of Birgden for the last 12 days. This was welcome for the Worcester men who had suffered continuous shelling in their forward positions in Tripsrath and Rischden.
Order of battle.
Allied.
British XXX Corps
German.
XII SS Corps
References.
Citations
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="6976758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976758" title="UT-Austin">
UT-Austin



</doc>
<doc id="6976759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976759" title="Economic League (Netherlands)">
Economic League (Netherlands)

The Economic League (Dutch: "Economische Bond", EB) was a liberal political party in the Netherlands from 1917 to 1921.
Party History.
The EB was founded on 15 December 1917 by Willem Treub, a former Minister of Finance. He was a political independent, although he had been member of the progressive liberal Freethinking Democratic League (VDB) until 1913. He was a very successful minister and popular politician, especially in business and middle class circles. He was known as "Minister Forward". He advocated pragmatic politics implemented by strong independent politicians drawn from business. Treub's personalized campaign was supported by successful businessmen. In the 1918 elections the party won only three seats. After the elections the League joined the newly formed neutral parliamentary party, which united several one and two-person parties, namely the Economic League, the Neutral Party, the Peasants' League, the Middle Class Party and the Alliance to Democratise the Forces. The parliamentary party was led by Treub. In parliament, Treub was unable to retain his popularity, in the 1919 municipal elections, the party lost half its votes and won no seats. In the same year Treub, who realized his party had failed, initiated the formation of a liberal party, which would unite all liberal parties. In 1921, the Economic League merged into the Liberal State Party, together with the Liberal Union, League of Free Liberals, Neutral Party and the Middle Class Party. Treub left politics, and the influence of the League on this new party was rather limited.
Ideology &amp; Issues.
The EB was a pragmatic liberal party which sought to replace ideological, partisan politics with pragmatic solutions for the common man. It had a liberal agenda, advocating a free market, with strong business and a limited, but efficient government. It sought to limit the power of parliament, while strengthening that of the cabinet.
Leadership &amp; Support.
This table show the EB's results in elections to the House of Representatives and Senate, as well as the party's political leadership: the fractievoorzitter, is the chair of the parliamentary party and the lijsttrekker is the party's top candidate in the general election; these posts are normally taken by the party's leader.
Electorate.
The party drew most of its support from voters who were not aligned with any of the major pillars. It drew most of its support from middle-class neighbourhoods in The Hague, Arnhem and the Gooi region, the region around Hilversum.

</doc>
<doc id="6976766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976766" title="Generation 9/11">
Generation 9/11



</doc>
<doc id="6976777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976777" title="The Sirens Of Titan">
The Sirens Of Titan



</doc>
<doc id="6976782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976782" title="Sapitwa">
Sapitwa



</doc>
<doc id="6976786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976786" title="A Ladra Meimi">
A Ladra Meimi



</doc>
<doc id="6976790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976790" title="List of Student Organizations at CUHK">
List of Student Organizations at CUHK



</doc>
<doc id="6976792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976792" title="Nadja Tiller">
Nadja Tiller

Nadja Tiller (16 March 1929 – 21 February 2023) was an Austrian actress in film, television, and on stage. She was one of the most popular German-speaking actresses in the international cinema of the 1950s and 1960s, receiving international recognition when she played the title role in the 1958 film "Das Mädchen Rosemarie" ("Rosemary") in 1958, shown at the Venice Film Festival. It opened the way to international films. She often played alongside her husband, Walter Giller.
Early life and background.
Tiller was born in Vienna on 16 March 1929, the daughter of actor Anton Tiller of Vienna and his wife (1902–1979), an opera singer and actress from Danzig. She attended there a Realgymnasium secondary school. In 1945 she began her studies at the Max-Reinhardt-Seminar, which she later continued until 1949 at the Musik- und Schauspielakademie, studying dance, ballet, and acting. She became an ensemble member at the Theater in der Josefstadt in 1949. That year she won the Miss Austria competition, a national beauty pageant for unmarried women in Austria.
Acting career.
Tiller made her film debut, also in 1949, in 's ' ("Good Luck Fairytale"), opposite Hildegard Knef. In 1952, she starred opposite Inge Egger and O. W. Fischer in Eduard von Borsody's '. She met her future husband Walter Giller in 1953; they became the German "Traumpaar" (dream couple) in many productions to come. Tiller had her artistic breakthrough in the 1955 film "Die Barrings", directed by Rolf Thiele, alongside Lil Dagover, Ida Wüst, Paul Hartmann and Dieter Borsche.
In 1955, she acted opposite O. W. Fischer again in the film "Ich suche Dich", based on a play by A. J. Cronin. Her international breakthrough role was Rosemarie Nitribitt in the 1958 German film "Das Mädchen Rosemarie" ("Rosemary") in 1958, again directed by Thiele. The film was presented at the Venice Film Festival, and was awarded the Golden Globe the following year as the best foreign film. She then received offers for international productions, including from Antonioni for "La notte", from Fellini for "La dolce vita", and from Visconti for "Rocco and His Brothers". She refused, naming family as a reason.
She actually played in "Tendre voyou" ("Tender Scoundrel") opposite Jean-Paul Belmondo, and in "Du rififi à Paname" ("The Upper Hand") opposite Jean Gabin, among others. She appeared in Rossellini's "Anima nera" (1962) and in "The Poppy Is Also a Flower" (1966) with Rita Hayworth and Angie Dickinson.
With Thiele, she appeared in films based on literature, including as Gerda Buddenbrook in "The Buddenbrooks" in 1959, based on Thomas Mann's novel; she matched the author's description as an "elegant, strange, captivating and enigmatic beauty". She played Lulu opposite Mario Adorf in 1962, followed by "Schloß Gripsholm", after Tucholsky's novel, in 1963, and "Tonio Kröger" based on Mann's novella in 1964.
Tiller appeared in around 120 films, including several international productions. She performed with partners such as Curd Jürgens, Hansjörg Felmy, Yul Brynner, Robert Mitchum, Rod Steiger, and Jean Marais, and at the height of her career was considered along with Sophia Loren to be among the most alluring women in European film.
In 1967 and 1968, she appeared on the open stage at Salzburg Festival in the annual play, Hofmannsthal's "Jedermann" ("Everyman"), as the Buhlschaft. In the 1970s and 1980s, she had theatre engagements, at the Theater Lübeck from 1974 to 1976), in Berlin in 1980 and 1984, and Vienna in 1981. In both Lübeck and Vienna, she played the lead female role in Kurt Weill musical "Lady in the Dark". She appeared in boulevard plays until the late 1990s, such as the role of the aging film diva Joan Crawford in 's "Nächte mit Joan" at the Hamburger Kammerspiele in 1997.
Subsequently, she played occasional leading roles and made guest appearances in various television productions. After a long absence from the cinema, she was cast in 2005 by Til Schweiger in his roadmovie "Barfuss", and in 2009 by Leander Haußmann in his film comedy "", alongside her husband, playing a couple of senior citizens.
From September to October 2010, Tiller made guest appearances in the role of the "greatest diva of all time" in Schorsch Kamerun's production of the play "Vor uns die Sintflut" at the Thalia Theater Tent in Hamburg's Hafencity. From January – April 2015, she appeared in the musical "My Fair Lady" as Mrs. Higgins at the Staatstheater Braunschweig, a role she repeated in the 2015/16 season.
In the 1980s, Tiller promoted the Mon Chéri line of pralines produced by Italian manufacturer Ferrero.
Personal life.
Nadja Tiller married actor Walter Giller in 1956; they had a son (born 1964) and a daughter (born 1959). In March 2008, they moved into the Augustinum retirement home in Hamburg. Giller died of cancer on 15 December 2011, at age 84.
Tiller died in Hamburg on 21 February 2023, at age 93.
Films.
Films with Tiller include:
Awards.
Tiller and her husband, Walter Giller, jointly received a Bambi for their life's work on 30 November 2006. Her awards also included:

</doc>
<doc id="6976805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976805" title="Robert Collier, 2nd Baron Monkswell">
Robert Collier, 2nd Baron Monkswell

Robert Collier, 2nd Baron Monkswell (26 March 1845 – 22 December 1909), was a British Liberal politician. He was briefly Under-Secretary of State for War under The Earl of Rosebery in 1895. As a young man, he was a first-class cricketer active from 1866 to 1867. He was born and died in Chelsea.
Background.
Monkswell was the eldest son of Robert Collier, 1st Baron Monkswell, and his wife Isabella Rose, daughter of William Rose. The artist John Collier was his younger brother. He was educated at Eton College, and matriculated at Trinity College, Cambridge in 1863, graduating LL.B. in 1867. He was admitted to the Inner Temple in 1864, and called to the bar in 1869.
Cricket career.
Monkswell did not succeed to his title until 1886 and so was known as Robert Collier during his cricket career. He appeared for Cambridge Town Club ("aka" Cambridgeshire) in three first-class matches, scoring 33 runs with a highest score of 14.
Political career.
Lord Monkswell entered the House of Lords on his father's death in 1886, and later served in the Liberal administrations of William Ewart Gladstone and Lord Rosebery as a Lord-in-waiting from 1892 to 1895 and as Under-Secretary of State for War from January to June 1895. He was also a member of the London County Council for the Progressive Party, and served as vice-chairman 1902–03, and Chairman 1903–04.
Family.
Lord Monkswell married Mary Josephine Hardcastle, daughter of Joseph Hardcastle, in 1873. He died in December 1909, aged 64, and was succeeded in the barony by his eldest son Robert.
Lady Monkswell is known as a diarist. Her journals were published as "A Victorian Diarist: Extracts from the Journals of Mary, Lady Monkswell, 1873–1895" (1944) and "A Victorian Diarist: Later Extracts from the Journals of Mary, Lady Monkswell, 1895–1909" (1946). She died on 14 May 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="6976808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976808" title="Weekes">
Weekes

Weekes is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6976810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976810" title="Xavier Rescigno">
Xavier Rescigno

Xavier Frederick Rescigno (October 13, 1912 – December 24, 2005) was an American professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1943 to 1945. The , right-hander was a native of New York, New York. He attended St. Ann's Academy in Manhattan, New York.
Rescigno is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He started out as a member of the New York Yankees's farm system, and was notably a member of the 1937 Newark Bears squad is often mentioned as one of the greatest minor league teams in history, but he had difficulty working his way into a spot on the deep Yankee roster. The enrollment of many players in the armed forces brought opportunity, however, and at the age of 30, Rescigno made his major league debut as a relief pitcher for the Pirates against the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field on April 22, 1943. He started 14 games that season and was relieved in 23. The best start of his career came on September 12, 1943, when he hurled a 7–0 complete game shutout against the Cincinnati Reds in the second game of a doubleheader at Crosley Field.
"Mr. X", as he was sometimes called, then became the 1940s version of a closer in his next two seasons. In 1944 he ranked second in the National League in games pitched, saves, and games finished. In 1945 he was sixth in games pitched, and third in saves and games finished. Career totals for his three seasons include 129 games, 21 starts, 7 complete games, 1 shutout, 60 games finished, and 16 saves. In 335.1 innings pitched he struck out 115 and walked 113. His final record was 19–22 with a 4.13 ERA.
After the 1945 season, the Pirates sold Rescigno to the Hollywood Stars, as part of a larger agreement between the two clubs. The Pirates would send eight players to the Stars, and in return would be permitted to select two players from Hollywood's roster at the end of the year. Rescigno was one of the better players on the Stars that year, as they finished third.
Rescigno was subsequently a member of the 1937 Smiths Falls Beavers.
Rescigno died at the age of 93 in Sun City West, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="6976828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976828" title="International Bank of Reconstruction and Development">
International Bank of Reconstruction and Development



</doc>
<doc id="6976834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976834" title="Jeopardy! Auditions">
Jeopardy! Auditions



</doc>
<doc id="6976835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976835" title="Operation Morning Light">
Operation Morning Light



</doc>
<doc id="6976840" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976840" title="Linganmakki Dam">
Linganmakki Dam



</doc>
<doc id="6976848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976848" title="Wickens">
Wickens

Wickens is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6976849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976849" title="ISLISP">
ISLISP

ISLISP (also capitalized as ISLisp) is a programming language in the Lisp family standardized by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) joint working group ISO/IEC JTC 1/SC 22/WG 16 (commonly termed simply SC22/WG16 or WG16). The primary output of this working group was an international standard, published by ISO. The standard was updated in 2007 and republished as ISO/IEC 13816:2007(E). Although official publication was through ISO, versions of the ISLISP language specification are available that are believed to be in the public domain.
The goal of this standards effort was to define a small, core language to help bridge the gap between differing dialects of Lisp. It attempted to accomplish this goal by studying primarily Common Lisp, EuLisp, Le Lisp, and Scheme and standardizing only those features shared between them.
Design goals.
ISLISP has these design goals:
ISLISP has separate function and variable namespaces (hence it is a Lisp-2).
ISLISP's object system, ILOS, is mostly a subset of the Common Lisp Object System (CLOS).
Implementations.
ISLISP implementations have been made for many operating systems including: Windows, most Unix and POSIX based (Linux, macOS, FreeBSD, OpenBSD, NetBSD, Solaris, HP-UX, AIX, Cygwin, QNX), Android, DOS, OS/2, Pocket PC, OpenVMS, and z/OS.
Implementations for hardware computer architectures include: x86, x86-64, IA-64, SPARC, SPARC9, PowerPC, MIPS, Alpha, PA-RISC, ARM, AArch64
Two older implementations are no longer available:

</doc>
<doc id="6976850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976850" title="Battlefield Earth (film)">
Battlefield Earth (film)

Battlefield Earth is a 2000 American science fiction film directed by Roger Christian from a script by Corey Mandell and J. David Shapiro. Based on the eponymous 1982 novel by Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard, "Battlefield Earth" is set in the year 3000 and follows a human rebellion against the "Psychlos", a tyrannical alien species that has ruled Earth for a thousand years. John Travolta, who produced the film, stars as main antagonist Terl alongside Barry Pepper and Forest Whitaker.
Hubbard himself had campained for a Hollywood adaptation of his novel since its publication, asking support before his death in 1986 from Scientologist figures in the industry, including Travolta. After the financial and critical success of 1994's "Pulp Fiction" revitalized Travolta's career, he decided to use his newfound influence to revive and lead the project with the involvement of other Scientologist figures, although funding from major studios proved troublesome to obtain due to concerns regarding the script and Hubbard's connections to Scientology. In 1998, it was picked up by the independent production company Franchise Pictures, which specialized in rescuing pet projects. Production began in 1999, largely funded by the German distribution company Intertainment AG, and with Travolta personally contributing millions of dollars; he envisioned the film as the first in a duology, and it only adapts the first half of the novel.
"Battlefield Earth" premiered at Grauman's Chinese Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles, on May 10, 2000, followed by a wide release on May 12. It was a box office bomb, grossing $29.7 million worldwide against a $44 million budget, and received overwhelmingly negative reviews from critics, who lambasted its writing, disjointedness, acting and visuals. Met with widespread derision from both audiences and mainstream media, it was immediately labelled, and remains perceived as, one of the worst films ever made and the worst-received film in Travolta's career, ridiculed for its dialogue, performances, Psychlo makeup and overuse of Dutch angles. It earned a total of eighteen awards from different sources, all pejorative and recognizing its poor qualities, including a then-record of eight wins at the Golden Raspberry Awards, which later named it "Worst Picture of the Decade" in 2010.
In 2004, Franchise Pictures was sued by its investors and went bankrupt after it emerged that it had fraudulently overstated the film's budget by $31 million. This, coupled with the film's poor reception, ended Travolta's plans for a sequel that would have adapted the second half of the novel.
Plot.
In 3000 AD, Jonnie Goodboy Tyler lives in the Rocky Mountains with a band of cave-dwellers who fear the "demons" that rule Earth. Jonnie doubts their stories and rides into the lowlands, where hunters Carlo and Rock show him a desolate and overgrown city. While exploring it, he is captured by the demons, a cruel alien race called Psychlos, and taken as a slave to a base in the ruins of Denver. The base is covered with an enormous dome that provides the Psychlos with a breathable atmosphere. Jonnie shows resourcefulness, drawing the respect of the other human slaves and the interest of Terl, the high-born Earth security chief.
Terl learns from a visiting supervisor that his temporary assignment on Earth will be extended indefinitely as punishment for offending a politician. Desperate to leave, he hatches a plan with his assistant Ker. They know about a recently exposed gold deposit in an area with elevated radiation levels. Gold is valuable to the Psychlos, who have been reporting losses from their mining operations, but radiation causes their air mixture to explode. Terl and Ker will train humans to mine the gold, and Terl will use part of it to bribe his way off the planet.
Terl places Jonnie in a learning machine that rapidly teaches him Psychlo language and technology. Jonnie shares his knowledge with other slaves while hiding it from Terl and Ker. After Jonnie stages an unsuccessful escape attempt, Terl takes him to the Denver Library hoping to impress him that human knowledge is no match for the Psychlos. Jonnie reads the Declaration of Independence and is inspired to seek not only escape but reconquest. Jonnie's fiancée Chrissy is captured while searching for him and fitted with an explosive collar. Terl tells Jonnie that she will be killed if he does not obey, also making an example out of a fellow slave, Sammy.
Believing that the slaves are subdued, Terl blackmails the planet administrator to let him order the gold mining operation. Jonnie receives further training to pilot aircraft and is sent to the mining site with a team. He leaves half of them to pretend to work while the other half gather abandoned human weapons and take gold from Fort Knox to pass off as mining production. Ker tries to blackmail Terl for a greater share of the gold at Jonnie's urging, but Terl detects the attempt and shoots off Ker's hand.
The humans launch their revolt, assaulting the base while using Harrier jets to combat the Psychlo air defenses and explosives to rupture the dome. Terl orders the execution of all humans and alerts the Psychlo homeworld to teleport an extermination force. As the teleporter activates, Jonnie fights with Terl, reattaching Chrissy's collar to his arm and tricking him into detonating it. Sammy's brother Mickey rides the teleporter to the homeworld with a nuclear weapon. The fallout from the weapon incinerates the atmosphere, causing the entire planet to explode.
At Fort Knox, Jonnie gloats at a captive Terl, telling him that surviving Psychlos will pay any price for him after they learn that his scheme led to their defeat. Ker agrees to teach Psychlo technology to the humans and gloats along with them.
Production.
Initial deals.
1982–1986: Hubbard period.
After "Battlefield Earth" was published in 1982, L. Ron Hubbard suggested that a film version of the book was in the works. He gave an interview in February 1983 to the "Rocky Mountain News" in which he told the reporter, "I've recently written three screenplays, and some interest has been expressed in "Battlefield Earth", so I suppose I'll be right back in Hollywood one of these days and probably on location in the Denver area for "Battlefield Earth" when they film it."
Hubbard's comments suggest that he saw himself being involved in the film's production; author Stewart Lamont suggests that Hubbard may have envisioned directing it, having previously helmed Scientology training films. In October 1983, the film rights were sold by the Church of Scientology's literary agency, Author Services Inc., to Salem Productions of Los Angeles. Two films were envisaged, each covering half of the book and tentatively budgeted at $15 million each. William Immerman was set as the producer for the film. Veteran screenwriter Abraham Polonsky and British director Ken Annakin were hired to produce a film breakdown, with production scheduled to begin in 1985. In November 1984, Santa Monica public relations firm Dateline Communications announced a nationwide contest to promote the film. First- and second-place prizes were an all-expense-paid trip to the film's production location and a paid walk-on part in the film, and other announced prizes included a trip to Los Angeles for the world premiere, records, cassettes, and hardcover and paperback copies of the novel. A 30-foot (10 m) high inflatable figure of the film's villain, Terl, was erected by Scientology officials on Hollywood Boulevard in 1984 in an effort to promote the production, and auditions were held in Denver. The project collapsed, and Hubbard died soon afterward, in 1986.
1990s: Travolta's development.
John Travolta had converted to Scientology in 1975 and became one of the Church of Scientology's most prominent supporters. Hubbard sent him an autographed copy of "Battlefield Earth" when the book was first published in 1982; he reportedly hoped that Travolta would turn the book into a film "in the vein of "Star Wars" and "Close Encounters of the Third Kind"". While Travolta was interested, his influence in Hollywood at the time was low after participating in a series of flops. He gained renewed influence with the success of the 1994 film "Pulp Fiction", which garnered Travolta an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor. He took on the task of making "Battlefield Earth" into a movie. Travolta described the book in interviews as "like "Pulp Fiction" for the year 3000" and "like "Star Wars", only better". He lobbied influential figures in Hollywood to fund the project and was reported to have recruited the aid of fellow Scientologists in promoting it. Bill Mechanic, the former head of 20th Century Fox, said that "John wanted me to make "Battlefield Earth". He had Scientologists all over me. They come up to you and they know who you are. And they go, 'We're really excited about "Battlefield Earth".'... Do you think in any way, shape, or form that weirding me out is going to make me want to make this movie?"
Travolta's involvement in "Battlefield Earth" was first publicized in late 1995. He told the "New York Daily News" that ""Battlefield Earth" is the pinnacle of using my power for something. I told my manager, 'If we can't do the things now that we want to do, what good is the power? Let's test it and try to get the things done that we believe in. It was assumed from the start that Travolta would star in and produce the film, which would be distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM); J. D. Shapiro was to write the screenplay. Shapiro was eventually fired because he refused to accept some suggestions from the studio producers that changed the tone of his script, including removing key scenes and characters. In 1997, Travolta's long-time manager, Jonathan Krane, signed a two-year deal with 20th Century Fox, under which the studio would release "Battlefield Earth" instead of MGM, but the deal with Fox fell through. James Robert Parish, author of "Fiasco: A History of Hollywood's Iconic Flops", comments that both MGM and Fox regarded the project as too risky on several grounds: its heavy reliance on special effects would be very expensive, pushing the budget up to as much as $100 million; Hubbard's narrative was seen as naive and outdated; and the "Scientology factor" could work against the film, negating Travolta's star power. As one studio executive put it, "On any film there are ten variables that can kill you. On this film there was an eleventh: Scientology. It just wasn't something anyone really wanted to get involved with."
Franchise Pictures.
In 1998, the project was taken over by Franchise Pictures, a recently established company. Its head, Elie Samaha, a former dry-cleaning mogul turned nightclub-owner, specialized in rescuing stars' pet projects. Franchise sought out stars whose projects were stalled at the major studios, bringing them aboard at reduced salaries. Samaha's approach made waves in Hollywood, earning him a reputation of being able to produce star vehicles more cheaply than larger studios. His unorthodox deals raised eyebrows and the entertainment industry magazine "Variety" commented that they were "often so complex and variable as to leave outsiders scratching their heads". As Samaha put it, "I said, 'If John wants to make this movie, what does he want to get paid?'... Because I do not pay anybody what they make. That is not my business plan." He learned of "Battlefield Earth" from Cassian Elwes, an agent at the theatrical agency William Morris, and approached Travolta. A deal was soon struck and financing was arranged; Travolta significantly reduced his normal fee of $20 million, lowering the film's cost from the $100 million that had been forecast, and costs were reduced further by using Canadian locations and facilities.
The film was set up as an independent production for Morgan Creek Productions which would release the film through Warner Bros. Pictures in the United States and select international territories under a distribution agreement. Travolta's company JTP Films was involved, and Travolta invested $5 million of his own money in the production. Warner Bros. allocated $20 million for the film's marketing and distribution. Franchise Pictures retained the foreign rights, licensing the European distribution rights to the German group Intertainment AG in exchange for 47% of the production costs, set at $75 million. The Intertainment deal later became the focus of a legal action that bankrupted Franchise. Samaha forecast that the film would be a hit: "My projected numbers on "Battlefield Earth" are really conservative. I'm already covered internationally, and there's no way I'm going to lose if the movie does $35 million domestically. And Travolta has never had an action movie do under $35 million."
According to Samaha, he got around the "negative factor" of the Scientology connection by the simple expedient of "yell at everyone, 'This is a science-fiction film starring John Travolta!' again and again". Samaha acknowledged that "everyone thought I was crazy or mentally retarded" for taking on the project, but pitched the film as ""Planet of the Apes" starring John Travolta". Others in Hollywood were skeptical; an unnamed producer was quoted by the "Los Angeles Daily News" as saying that ""Battlefield Earth" has the stench of death. It should never have been made. It's an $80 million vanity project for Travolta." Travolta's theatrical agency William Morris was also reportedly unenthusiastic, leading to Travolta threatening to leave them if they did not help him to set up the film. Fellow Scientologist Tom Cruise was said to have warned Warner Bros. that he thought the movie was a bad idea. Cruise's spokesperson denied this.
Author Services Inc. and Church of Scientology.
In 1999, Author Services Inc., which controls Hubbard's copyrights, said that it was "donating its share of the profits from the film to charitable organizations that direct drug education and drug rehabilitation programs around the world". It was reported that the merchandising revenues would be passed on to the Scientology-linked groups Narconon, a drug rehabilitation program, and Applied Scholastics, which promotes Hubbard's study tech. Movie-related sales of the book would fund the marketing of Hubbard's fiction books and the L. Ron Hubbard Writers of the Future contest. The size of the revenue deal was not disclosed; Trendmasters, the makers of "Battlefield Earth" toys, said that its deal was strictly with Franchise Pictures, which declined to comment, and Warner Bros. said that its role was limited to distribution and had nothing to do with the associated merchandising deals.
In February 2000, Church of Scientology spokesman Mike Rinder told Tribune Media Services that any spinoff deals based on Hubbard's novel would benefit Author Services Inc.; another Church spokesman, Aron Mason, said, "The church has no financial interest in "Battlefield Earth". Author Services is not part of the Church of Scientology. They are a literary agency without any connection to the church."
Travolta's manager Jonathan Krane denied that the Church of Scientology was playing any part in the production: "I've never even dealt with or talked to the church on this. This is an action-adventure, science-fiction story. Period. The movie has nothing to do with Scientology." Krane said that the film had been financed "without a dollar coming from the Scientologists". Some people in Hollywood feared that Travolta was using his box office draw to promote Scientology teachings, and one film producer said, "This film could encourage kids to embrace the whole strange world of Scientology." Travolta said, "I'm doing it because it's a great piece of science fiction. This is not about Hubbard. I'm very interested in Scientology, but that's personal. This is different." In a separate interview Travolta commented on the perceived similarities between "Battlefield Earth" and Scientology: "Well, they are kind of synonymous ... L. Ron Hubbard is very famous for Scientology and Dianetics. On the other hand, he's equally as famous in the science fiction world. So for people to think that ... look, I don't want everybody to try Scientology. I don't really care if somebody thinks that. I'm not worried about it. You can't be. The truth of why I'm doing it is because it's a great piece of science fiction. I'm going to be the wickedest 9-foot alien you've ever seen in your life."
Pre-production.
Travolta and his manager, Jonathan Krane, took the lead in hiring the on-set personnel. They initially approached Quentin Tarantino to direct the film. When Tarantino declined, Roger Christian, a protégé of George Lucas, was recruited as the director, on the advice of Lucas. Christian had most recently been the second unit director on Lucas' "". Patrick Tatopoulos was signed to develop the production design and costumes, including the design of the alien Psychlos, and Czech composer Elia Cmiral was signed to provide the film's score. Travolta and Krane also signed cinematographer Giles Nuttgens and most of the principal actors. Corey Mandell signed on to write the script for the film, which had gone through 10 revisions. Mandell said in an interview, "I am not a Scientologist ... I came on board because John asked me to read the book and said, 'It's not a religious book. It's a science-fiction story. There's nothing sacred about the story, nothing of the religious philosophy.' I was given this to read purely as science fiction – to see whether it was intriguing as a movie. And it was." Mandell's agents and managers warned him on taking on the project.
Filming.
Filmed in Canada, principal photography took place in Montreal, Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, and other Quebec locations during the summer and autumn of 1999. In parallel, second unit shooting took place in Jeju Island, South Korea. In January 1999, Travolta flew his private Boeing 707 on a secret visit to Montreal to scout out locations for shooting. The film was reported to have been the most expensive production shot in Canada up to that point. It was also reported that the production costs would have been twice as high had the film been shot in the United States. Almost every shot in the film is at a Dutch angle, because, according to Roger Christian, he wanted the film to look like a comic book.
Travolta's wife Kelly Preston also appeared in one scene, playing Terl's "baldish Psychlo girlfriend" Chirk. Travolta originally saw himself in the role of Jonnie, but by the time the movie was actually made, Travolta felt he was too old to play the role, and took the role of the main villain instead. Travolta's role in the film required what he described as an amazing physical transformation: "I wear a tall head apparatus with strange hair. I have amber eyes and talons for hands. It's quite remarkable ... I'm on 4-foot stilts." To star in the film, Travolta turned down the movie "The Shipping News" and postponed production on "Standing Room Only".
The film was "plagued by bad buzz" before release with the media speculating about the possible influence of Scientology and commenting on the production's tight security. As the film was entering post-production, the alternative newspaper "Mean Magazine" obtained a copy of the screenplay. "Mean"s staffers changed the script's title to "Dark Forces", re-attributed it to "Desmond Finch", and gave it to readers at major Hollywood film production companies. The comments that came back were unfavorable: "a thoroughly silly plotline is made all the more ludicrous by its hamfisted dialog and ridiculously shallow characterizations"; "a completely predictable story that just isn't written well enough to make up for its lack of originality"; "as entertaining as watching a fly breathe".
Release.
"Battlefield Earth" was released on May 12, 2000, three days after the 50th anniversary of the publication of Hubbard's book "", a date celebrated by Scientologists worldwide as a major Scientology holiday. Its premiere was held on May 10, 2000, at Grauman's Chinese Theatre on Hollywood Boulevard in Los Angeles.
Merchandising.
A limited range of merchandising was produced for the film, including posters, a soundtrack CD by Elia Cmíral, recorded by the Seattle Symphony, and a re-released version of the novel. Trendmasters also produced a range of action figures of the main characters, including an figure of Travolta as Terl voicing lines from the film.
Home media.
A special edition DVD was released in 2001, deleting one scene and including two additional scenes, which added two minutes to the film's running time. The DVD includes commentary tracks with director Roger Christian and production, costume and creature designer Patrick Tatopoulos, as well as special features including John Travolta's alien makeup test. Jeff Berkwits of "Sci Fi Weekly" wrote that "the "Battlefield Earth" Special Edition DVD is packed with information, offering an enlightening glimpse into the creative process behind this imperfect but entertaining picture". Randy Salas of the "Star Tribune" described it as the "best DVD for a bad movie." A review of the DVD release in the "Los Angeles Times" was more critical: "A dated visual style, patched-together special effects and ludicrous dialogue combine in a film that is a wholly miserable experience."
The original theatrical version was released on Blu-ray by Mill Creek Entertainment on September 15, 2020.
Reception.
Box office.
The film's scathingly bad reviews and poor word-of-mouth led to a precipitous falling-off in its grosses. Having earned $11.5 million from 3,307 screens on its opening weekend, it ranked in second place at the box office below "Gladiator". Its take collapsed by 67 percent to $3.9 million the following weekend, giving an average take of $1,158 per screen. The film made almost 54 percent of its entire domestic gross in its first three days and flatlined thereafter, with earnings dropping a further 75 percent by the end of its third week to $1 million. The following week, facing earnings of just $205,000, Warner Bros. attempted to cut its losses by slashing the number of screens at which the film was being shown. The number was reduced from 2,600 to 600. By its sixth weekend on release, the film was showing on 95 screens and had made $19,000 in a week – less than $200 per screen.
The film ultimately earned $21,471,685 in the United States and Canada and $8,253,978 internationally for a total of $29,725,663 worldwide, falling well short of its reported $73 million production budget and $20 million in estimated marketing costs. It is one of the most expensive box office bombs in film history.
In a 2006 list of "the top 10 biggest box office failures", Kat Giantis of "MSN Movies" placed "Battlefield Earth" as tied with "Inchon" (both of which are sponsored by their respective religious movements: Scientology and the Unification Church) for number seven.
Critical response.
On Rotten Tomatoes, "Battlefield Earth" has an approval rating of 3% based on 153 reviews with an average rating of 2.7/10. The critical consensus reads: "Ugly, campy, and poorly acted, "Battlefield Earth" is a stunningly misguided, aggressively bad sci-fi folly." Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "D+" on an A+ to F scale.
The film was greeted with widespread derision in preview screenings. An audience of Los Angeles entertainment journalists, critics, and others greeted the film with guffaws and hoots at a screening in Century City while other viewers in Washington, D.C., and Baltimore responded with derisive laughter or simply walked out. At a post-launch publicity event, Travolta, on asking assembled journalists if they had enjoyed it, received no reply. He later asserted that other filmmakers had enjoyed the film: "When I felt better about everything was when George Lucas and Quentin Tarantino, and a lot of people that I felt knew what they were doing, saw it and thought it was a great piece of science fiction." Christian also spoke of an initially positive reception, mentioning an enthusiastic response from both the audience and Tarantino.
Leonard Maltin rated the film a "BOMB" in his book "Leonard Maltin's Movie Guide", writing: "Clumsy plot, misplaced satire, unbelievable coincidences, and a leaden pace trample Travolta's weird but amusing performance." David Bleiler gave the film one star out of four in the "TLA Video &amp; DVD Guide", writing: "This is disjointed, tedious, and every bit as bad as its reputation." Jon Stewart mocked the film on his television program "The Daily Show", describing it as "a cross between "Star Wars" and the smell of ass".
Rita Kempley of "The Washington Post" wrote: "A million monkeys with a million crayons would be hard-pressed in a million years to create anything as cretinous as "Battlefield Earth". This film version of L. Ron Hubbard's futuristic novel is so breathtakingly awful in concept and execution, it wouldn't tax the smarts of a troglodyte." Elvis Mitchell of "The New York Times" wrote: "It may be a bit early to make such judgments, but "Battlefield Earth" may well turn out to be the worst movie of this century" and called it ""Plan 9 from Outer Space" for a new generation." The British film critic Jonathan Ross said: "Everything about "Battlefield Earth" sucks. Everything. The over-the-top music, the unbelievable sets, the terrible dialogue, the hammy acting, the lousy special effects, the beginning, the middle and especially the end." "The Hollywood Reporter" summarized the film as being "a flat-out mess, by golly, with massive narrative sinkholes, leading to moments of outstanding disbelief in the muddled writing and shockingly chaotic "mise en scène" that's accompanied by ear-pummeling sound and bombastic music."
Many critics singled out the excessive use of angled camera shots. "The director, Roger Christian, has learned from better films that directors sometimes tilt their cameras", wrote Roger Ebert, "but he has not learned why". Derivative special effects and illogical plotting were also widely criticized. The "Providence Journal" highlighted the film's unusual color scheme: ""Battlefield Earth's" primary colors are blue and gray, adding to the misery. Whenever we glimpse sunlight, the screen goes all stale yellow, as though someone had urinated on the print. This, by the way, is not such a bad idea."
The reviews were not uniformly negative. Bob Graham of the "San Francisco Chronicle" wrote that the film "effectively presented" the "wary, uncomprehending relationship" between the humans and the Psychlos. A review at "JoBlo's Movie Reviews" was also positive; Berge Garabedian wrote, "Despite starting off like a bad "Star Trek" episode, this film eventually graduates to a higher level with great special effects, some really slick bad-ass aliens, an intriguing premise, and a good flow of loud, campy fun." Luke Thompson of "New Times LA" wrote: "Think "Independence Day" without the ponderous build-up or self-importance. Imagine how much more enjoyable the other blockbuster-of-the-moment, "Gladiator", might have been if Joaquin Phoenix had addressed every one of his rivals as 'Rat brain. Sean Axmaker of the "Seattle Post-Intelligencer" wrote positively of the interaction between Travolta and Whitaker in the film, comparing them to Abbott and Costello. Axmaker wrote that they provide "much-needed comic relief in an otherwise humorless paean to freedom". Axmaker also wrote positively of the production design used in the film, commenting that the director had created "a world of crumbling dead cities and empty malls turned into human hunting grounds". Hap Erstein of "The Palm Beach Post" commented: "production designer Patrick Tatopoulos contributes some good work, imagining the ruins of Denver and Washington, D.C., with echoes of "Planet of the Apes"."
Filmmakers' response.
J.D. Shapiro, who wrote the original screenplay, was critical of the film. In a 2010 letter to "The New York Post", he asserted that his draft bore little resemblance to the final script; the result, he said, was embarrassing: "The only time I saw the movie was at the premiere, which was one too many times."
Responding to the criticism, one of the film's producers, Elie Samaha, complained: "[The] critics were waiting for us to ... chop our heads off. Everybody hated Scientology for some reason. I didn't know people were so prejudiced." Ebert noted that the film "contains no evidence of Scientology, or any other system of thought."
Accolades.
"Battlefield Earth" frequently appears on worst film lists, and is included on Rotten Tomatoes' "100 Worst of the Worst Movies" list. Rotten Tomatoes ranked the film 27th in the 100 worst reviewed films of the first decade of the 21st century. "The Arizona Republic" listed it as the worst film of 2000, and called it a "monumentally bad sci-fi flick". In 2003, Richard Roeper placed the film on his alphabetized list of his forty least favorite films of all time, writing, "The real danger of Scientology is that John Travolta may someday make another movie based on the writings of L. Ron Hubbard." In 2001 the film received the "Worst Picture" award from the Dallas-Fort Worth Film Critics Association. James Franklin of McClatchy-Tribune News Service put the film as the worst of his "summer blockbuster bombs" list, giving it a rating of four stars for "traumatic" on his scale of how the films "generate a perverse sense of nostalgia". Christopher Null of Filmcritic.com listed the film's villain Terl at number 8 of his "10 Least Effective Movie Villains", writing: "we still can't imagine how anyone would go face to face with one of these creatures and react with anything other than simple laughter."
"Battlefield Earth" swept the 2000 Golden Raspberry Awards and received seven Razzies, including Worst Picture, Worst Actor (Travolta), Worst Supporting Actor (Pepper), Worst Supporting Actress (Preston), Worst Director (Christian), Worst Screenplay (Mandell and Shapiro) and Worst Screen Couple (Travolta and anyone sharing the screen with him). This tied for the highest number of Razzies won by a single film at that time, with "Showgirls" achieving seven wins in 1995. "Battlefield Earth" was later awarded an eighth Razzie for "Worst Drama of Our First 25 Years". In 2010, the film received an award for "Worst Picture of the Decade", bringing its total number of Razzie Awards to nine and consequently setting a record for the most Razzies won by a single film. That record was surpassed in 2012 when "Jack and Jill" won ten awards.
As Travolta did not attend to collect his trophies, an action figure of Terl, his character, accepted them in his place. Travolta responded a week later to the awards: "I didn't even know there were such awards. I have people around me whose job it is to not tell me about such things. They're obviously doing their job. Not every film can be a critical and box office success. It would have been awful only if "Battlefield Earth" was neither. That's not the case. It is edging toward the $100m mark which means it has found an audience even if it didn't impress critics. I'd rather my films connect with audiences than with critics because it gives you more longevity as a performer." He later insisted that he still felt "really good about it. Here I was taking big chances, breaking a new genre."
Pepper said that he regretted not having been invited to the Razzies and blamed the film's failure on "a weak script and poor production values". Writer J. D. Shapiro received his Worst Screenplay award from Razzies founder John J. B. Wilson during a radio program; he said that Travolta had called the script "the "Schindler's List" of science fiction". Shapiro made an appearance to pick up the Worst Picture of the Decade award at the 30th Golden Raspberry Awards, giving a speech quoting negative reviews, and thanking both the studio for firing him and Corey Mandell for "rewriting my script in a way I never, ever, ever — could have imagined or conceived of myself."
The film's producer, Elie Samaha, said that he welcomed the "free publicity", as "the more the critics [bash] "Battlefield Earth", the more DVDs it sells. It is the kind of film that makes a movie legend and we feel we have enough staying power to last long after the critics have quieted down."
At the 2000 Stinkers Bad Movie Awards, the film received individual nominations in nine categories and won in eight of them: Worst Picture, Worst Director (Christian), Worst Actor (Travolta, also for "Lucky Numbers"), Worst On-Screen Couple (Travolta and anyone in the entire galaxy), Worst On-Screen Group (The Psychlos and Man-Animals), Most Unintentionally Funny Movie, Worst On-Screen Hairstyle (Travolta and Whitaker), and Least "Special" Special Effects. It also received a nomination for Worst Supporting Actor (Pepper) but lost to Tom Green for "Road Trip" and "Charlie's Angels". The Stinkers later unveiled their "100 Years, 100 Stinkers" list in which people voted for the 100 worst films of the 20th century. "Battlefield Earth" not only made the final ballot; it took home the top prize for Worst Film of the Century.
Allegations of Scientology influence.
Stacy Brooks, then-president of the Lisa McPherson Trust, said: "There's no way that this movie would be happening without Scientology's backing ... This is one example of how Scientology insinuates itself in various aspects of the culture." Mark Bunker characterized the film as a recruitment tactic for the Church of Scientology, stating, "It's designed to introduce L. Ron Hubbard to a whole new generation of kids. It's there to plant a favorable seed in children's minds." Bunker criticized the promotional methods of the film—instead of granting interviews about the film to the press, John Travolta went on a book tour and signed copies of L. Ron Hubbard's novel. Bunker said, "When Michael Caine goes around to promote "The Cider House Rules", he doesn't tour bookstores and sign copies of John Irving's novel ... Through the movie tie-in with the book, kids will send in the card to get their free poster, and eventually be introduced to Dianetics." Scientologist Nancy O'Meara, at the time treasurer of the Foundation for Religious Freedom and currently treasurer of the Scientology-run New Cult Awareness Network, responded to Bunker's statement: "Gimme a break ... That's like saying people are going to go see "Gladiator" and then suddenly find themselves wanting to explore Christianity."
Before the film was released, rumors and allegations began to circulate that "Battlefield Earth" contained subliminal messages promoting Scientology. Former Scientologist Lawrence Wollersheim, in a press release issued by his group FACTNet, said that the Church of Scientology "has placed highly advanced subliminal messages in the "Battlefield Earth" film master to surreptitiously recruit new members from the movie audience and to get the audience to develop a revulsion for psychiatry and current mental health organizations and practices". Warner Bros. dismissed the claims as "silly nonsense", the Church of Scientology denounced them as "hogwash" and the media reacted with skepticism; as the Scottish journalist Duncan Campbell put it, "the only subliminal voice I could detect came about 10 minutes into this 121-minute film and it seemed to be saying "Leeeaaave thisssss cinemmmaaa nooow". When asked about the similarities between the film and Scientology beliefs in intergalactic travel and aliens, church spokesman Aron Mason said, "That's a pretty crude parallel ... You'd have to make some serious leaps of logic to make that comparison." John Travolta said that the film was not inspired by Scientology tenets.
Hugh Urban of Ohio State University notes a number of connections between Scientology and "Battlefield Earth" in his 2011 book "". Not only was the film released only three days after the 50th anniversary of the publication of Hubbard's book "Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health", but the villainous Psychlos have been interpreted as an obvious allusion to Scientology's nemesis, psychiatry. The conflict between the Psychlos and the free humans can be seen as a reflection of Scientology's own conception of itself as fighting on behalf of humanity against the forces of psychiatry. The "space opera" genre of the book and film manifests itself in numerous places in Scientology itself, most famously in OT III (the Xenu story). Travolta's own commitment to such a disastrous project as the film version of "Battlefield Earth" is, in Urban's estimation, indicative of his "unusual dedication" to Scientology.
Fraud by Franchise Pictures.
Following the failure of "Battlefield Earth" and other films independently produced by Franchise Pictures, "The Wall Street Journal" reported that the FBI was probing "the question of whether some independent motion picture companies have vastly inflated the budget of films in an effort to scam investors". In December 2000, the German-based Intertainment AG filed a lawsuit alleging that Franchise Pictures had fraudulently inflated budgets in films including "Battlefield Earth", which Intertainment had helped to finance. Intertainment had agreed to pay 47% of the production costs of several films in exchange for European distribution rights, but ended up paying for between 60 and 90% of the costs instead. The company alleged that Franchise had defrauded it to the tune of over $75 million by systematically submitting "grossly fraudulent and inflated budgets".
The case was heard before a jury in a Los Angeles federal courtroom in May–June 2004. The court heard testimony from Intertainment that according to Franchise's bank records the real cost of "Battlefield Earth" was $44 million, not the $75 million declared by Franchise. The remaining $31 million had been fraudulent padding. Intertainment's head Barry Baeres told the court that he had only funded "Battlefield Earth" because it was packaged as a slate that included two more commercially attractive films, the Wesley Snipes vehicle "The Art of War" and the Bruce Willis comedy "The Whole Nine Yards". Baeres testified that "Mr. Samaha said, 'If you want the other two pictures, you have to take "Battlefield Earth" — it's called packaging'... We would have been quite happy if he had killed ["Battlefield Earth"]".
Intertainment won the case and was awarded $121.7 million in damages. Samaha was declared by the court to be personally liable for $77 million in damages. The jury rejected Intertainment's claims under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) statute, which would have tripled the damages if Franchise had been convicted on that charge. The judgment forced Franchise into bankruptcy on August 18, 2004. The failure of the film was reported to have led, in 2002, to Travolta firing his manager Jonathan Krane, who had set up the deal with Franchise in the first place.
Canceled follow-ups and sequels.
"Battlefield Earth" covered only the first 436 pages of the 1,050-page book. A sequel covering the remainder of the book was planned. When asked during promotion of the film if there would be a "Battlefield Earth 2", Travolta responded, "Sure. Yeah." Travolta asserted that the first film would become a cult classic, saying that there were already fan websites dedicated to the film. Corey Mandell, the scriptwriter for the first film, was commissioned to deliver the script for the sequel, and Travolta, Pepper and producer Krane were all signed up to the sequel in their contracts for the first film. Christian and Whitaker were approached to reprise their respective roles, and the producers planned for a 2003 release date so as not to compete with George Lucas' "".
Despite Travolta's initial commitment to a sequel, such plans never came to fruition. According to James Robert Parish's "Fiasco: A History of Hollywood's Iconic Flops", the disastrous performance of "Battlefield Earth" and the collapse of Franchise Pictures made it very unlikely that a live-action sequel would be made. In a 2001 interview, Travolta said that a sequel was not planned: "Ultimately the movie did $100 million when you count box office, DVD sales, video, and pay per view ... But I don't know what kind of number it would have to do to justify filming the second part of the book. And I don't want to push any buttons in the press and stir anybody up about it now." Author Services announced in 2001 that Pine Com International, a Tokyo-based animation studio, would produce 13 one-hour animated television segments based on the book and rendered in a manga style. The plans appear to have fallen through, and according to Parish, "little has been heard of the series since."

</doc>
<doc id="6976862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976862" title="Uk subversives">
Uk subversives



</doc>
<doc id="6976868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976868" title="Everest base camps">
Everest base camps

There are two base camps on Mount Everest, on opposite sides of the mountains: South Base Camp is in Nepal at an altitude of (), while North Base Camp is in Tibet at ().
The base camps are rudimentary campsites at the base of Mount Everest that are used by mountain climbers during their ascent and descent. They are also visited by hikers. South Base Camp is used when climbing via the southeast ridge, while North Base Camp is used when climbing via the northeast ridge.
Supplies are shipped to the South Base Camp by porters, and with the help of animals, usually yaks. The North Base Camp is accessed by a paved road that branches from China National Highway 318. Climbers typically rest at base camp for several days for acclimatization, to reduce the risk of altitude sickness.
South Base Camp in Nepal.
The Everest Base Camp trek on the south side, at an elevation of , is one of the most popular trekking routes in the Himalayas and about 40,000 people per year make the trek there from Lukla Airport (). Trekkers usually fly from Kathmandu to Lukla to save time and energy before beginning the trek to the base camp. However, trekking to Lukla is possible. There are no roads from Kathmandu to Lukla and as a result, the only method of transporting large and heavy goods is by plane.
From Lukla, climbers trek upward to the Sherpa capital of Namche Bazaar, , following the valley of the Dudh Kosi river. It takes about two days to reach the village, which is the central hub of the area. Typically at this point, climbers allow a day of rest for acclimatization. They then trek for another two days to Dingboche, before resting for another day for further acclimatization. Most trekkers use the traditional trail via Tengboche monastery, but recently, the high trail via Mong La and Phortse has gained popularity due to the impressive views it offers. Another two days takes them to Everest Base Camp via Gorakshep, the flat field below Kala Patthar, and Mt. Pumori.
On 25 April 2015, an earthquake measuring 7.8 on the moment magnitude scale, struck Nepal and triggered an avalanche on Pumori that swept through the South Base Camp. At least 19 people were said to have been killed as a result. Just over two weeks later, on 12 May, a second quake struck measuring 7.3 on the Mw. Some of the trails leading to Everest Base Camp were damaged by these earthquakes and needed repairs.
On 17 June 2022, it was announced that the camp would be moved lower, since the Khumbu Glacier, on which the campsite is located, is rapidly melting and thinning out, which makes it unsafe for the trekkers.
In March 2024, a new signboard at Everest Base Camp was unveiled, sparking strong reactions from some trekkers and mountaineers who preferred a graffiti coated rock that had long been considered the base of the climb. The signboard, located at the iconic base camp, featured updated information and an image of Sir Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay. Local authorities removed the signboard in May 2024, a move that is speculated to have been due to unpopularity, although the authorities have stated they wish to eventually reinstate the signboard with additional information and with increased protection to help it withstand seasonal ground movement.
North Base Camp in Tibet.
A visit to the North Base Camp requires a permit from the Government of the People's Republic of China, on top of the permit required to visit Tibet itself. Such permits can be arranged via travel companies in Lhasa as part of a package tour that included hiring a vehicle, driver, and guide. The North Base Camp is accessed by vehicle through a 100 km (62 mile) road branching to the South from the Friendship Highway near Shelkar, at the southern foot of the high Gyatso La pass. The road leads to Rongbuk Monastery, with dramatic views of the north face of Mount Everest. From the Rombuk guest house, all tourists were required to take the horse-drawn carriages or small buses managed by the government to limit the traffic on the last stretch of gravel road to a marked hill at 5,200 metres above sea level, just before the climbers' camp.

</doc>
<doc id="6976874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976874" title="That's My Mama!">
That's My Mama!



</doc>
<doc id="6976876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976876" title="Eyestrain">
Eyestrain



</doc>
<doc id="6976878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976878" title="Wembury Marine Centre">
Wembury Marine Centre

Wembury Marine Centre is situated in the small village of Wembury, near Plymouth. Run by Devon Wildlife Trust, it holds rockpool rambles throughout the summer months, educating some 20,000 people each year about the importance of marine life and the need to protect it.
The area is designated a Special Area of Conservation and a Voluntary Marine Conservation Area.
Wembury Marine Centre lies at the heart of the Wembury Voluntary Marine Conservation Area and stretches for four miles from Bovisand in the west to Gara Point in the east.
Species to look out for.
Low tide gives the best chance of seeing the rockpool creatures. Some of the likely suspects include the common shore crab "Carcinus maenas", the common prawn "Palaemon serratus", the common blenny or shanny "Lipophrys pholis", the cushion starfish "Asterina gibbosa" and the hermit crab "Pagurus bernhardus".

</doc>
<doc id="6976884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976884" title="Battlefield Earth (novel)">
Battlefield Earth (novel)

Battlefield Earth: A Saga of the Year 3000 is a 1982 science fiction novel written by L. Ron Hubbard, founder of Scientology. He also composed a soundtrack to the book called "Space Jazz".
Setting.
In the year 3000 AD, the Psychlos, an alien race, have ruled Earth for a millennium. The Psychlos discovered a deep space probe (suggested to be "Voyager 1") with directions and pictures mounted on it and the precious material, gold, which led them straight to Earth.
Psychlos stand up to tall and weigh up to . They originate from Psychlo, a planet with an atmosphere radically different from Earth, located in another universe with a distinct set of physical laws characterized by a lack of elements that are radioactive. Their "breathe-gas" explodes on contact with even trace amounts of radioactive material, such as uranium. The Psychlos have been the dominant species across multiple universes for at least 100,000 years.
After one thousand years, humanity is an endangered species numbering fewer than 35,000 and reduced to tribes in isolated parts of the world while the Psychlos strip the planet of its mineral wealth.
Plot.
The novel follows Jonnie Goodboy Tyler, a young man in one such tribe who lives near the ruins of Denver in the shadow of the Rocky Mountains. Depressed by the recent death of his father and both the lethargy and sickness of the surviving adults in his tribe, he leaves his village to explore the lowlands and to disprove the superstition long held by his people of monsters in those areas.
On a brief excursion to the ruins of Denver, Terl, Psychlo chief of mine site security, encounters and captures Jonnie. After forcing Jonnie to learn the Psychlo language, Terl learns that the "home office" has extended his tour of duty on Earth. Maddened by the prospect of being stuck on a minor planet in an insignificant universe, Terl schemes to take a load of gold in the Rockies for himself and escape. Uranium deposits surround the lode, making mining by Psychlos impossible, forcing Terl to resort to using humans as forced labor.
Terl orders a fellow Psychlo named Ker to train Jonnie to use Psychlo machinery. Ker, markedly different both in height ( tall) and in temperament from other Psychlos, trains Jonnie as ordered, but the Psychlo and Jonnie also become friends. During their exchanges, Jonnie learns how the Psychlos initially conquered Earth, mainly by sending a large armored drone into Earth's orbit, known as a Gas Drone, which orbited the planet, gas bombing all major cities and killing billions. Humans fought back, launching attacks against the drone with first conventional and then nuclear weapons, but the drone was unharmed. Eventually, the last of the human leaders suffocated inside bunkers, the air vents sealed to prevent poison gas from entering. Terl and Jonnie travel to Scotland, where Jonnie recruits 83 Scottish people led by Robert the Fox to help with the mining. Using Terl's inability to understand English as a weapon, Jonnie plots with the Scotsmen to take back the Earth.
Months later, Jonnie and the Scots disrupt the semi-annual teleportation of personnel and other goods to Psychlo, using Psychlo technology against the Psychlos and gaining control of the planet. A year after humans gained control of the planet, other alien races arrived and orbited the Earth. Threatened by these races, Jonnie simultaneously opposes a race of intergalactic bankers seeking to repossess the Earth for unpaid debts. The security and independence of humanity once again threatened, Jonnie eventually discovers that Psychlo was destroyed by Jonnie and the Scots, mainly by transporting radiative material into the Psychlo atmosphere which caused a chain reaction, and that all other Psychlo facilities throughout the universes were also destroyed from teleporting traces of radiation, effectively dooming the Psychlos to extinction. He then works out a way to prevent the repossession of Earth.
With the help of an aged Psychlo mathematician, Jonnie learns about Psychlo math and how the Psychlos protected their technology. Humans begin to rediscover their history, and with the Earth secure and the human population growing, a middle-aged Jonnie takes supplies and quietly slips away to the Rocky Mountains. He becomes a figure of legend.
Scientology-related themes.
After Hubbard's book "" was published in 1950, the American Psychological Association passed a resolution stating that the book's claims were not supported by empirical evidence. Subsequently, Hubbard maintained an opposition to psychiatry, a viewpoint the novel reflects by portraying the "Psychlos" as being ruled by the "Catrists" ("Psychlo-Catrists" sounding similar to psychiatrists), described as a group of evil charlatans. Those Psychlos who disagree with or oppose the Catrists are subjected to various forms of persecution; particularly, the Catrists use surgical mind control or electroshock in order to maintain their power base. Hubbard frequently claimed in Scientology that psychiatrists used such tactics to maintain their influence and funding. The word "Psychlo" is revealed to have originally meant "brain" in the Psychlo language, signifying that the Catrists feel (or in any case claim) that the entire population requires treatment as mental patients.
In one passage of the book, a human doctor recalls a "cult" called psychology which existed before the Psychlo invasion, but is "forgotten now".
In December 1980, two months after he completed the book, Hubbard told fellow Scientologists that "I was a bit disgusted with the way the psychologists and brain-surgeons mess people up, so I wrote a fiction story based in part on the consequences that could occur if the shrinks continued to do it".
Publishing history.
Initially titled "Man, the Endangered Species", "Battlefield Earth" was first published in 1982 by St. Martin's Press, though all subsequent reprints have been by Church of Scientology publishing companies Bridge Publications and Galaxy Press. Written in the style of the pulp fiction era (during which Hubbard began his writing career), the novel is a massive work (over 750 pages in hardcover, 1000+ in paperback). It was Hubbard's first science fiction novel since his pulp magazine days of the 1940s, and it was promoted as Hubbard's return to science fiction after a long hiatus.
The cover artwork of the original hardcover edition featured an image of hero Jonnie Goodboy Tyler which did not coincide with the physical description given in the novel. The subsequent paperback release corrected the cover art, most notably by giving Tyler a beard.
The book was reissued in 2000 with a new cover, in connection with the release of the film adaptation. The book has also been released in audiobook and e-book versions.
According to Nielsen BookScan, "Battlefield Earth" sold 29,000 copies between 2001 and 2005.
Hubbard is also credited with writing the accompanying music, which was released as "Space Jazz"; Chick Corea and Stanley Clarke are some of the Scientology notables playing on the album, of which "The Vinyl Factory" Amar reviewer Ediriwira said, "if this isn't one of jazz's worst, it's certainly its craziest".
Criticism.
"Battlefield Earth" received polarized mixed reviews, with some critics, and readers, considering the book Hubbard's most enjoyable sci-fi work and a classic of the genre, while others consider it to be genuinely terrible. The book had a negative reception from some literary critics: "The Economist", for instance, called "Battlefield Earth" "an unsubtle saga, atrociously written, windy and out of control" while in the science fiction magazine "Analog", Thomas Easton criticized it as "a wish-fulfillment fantasy wholly populated by the most one-dimensional of cardboard characters." Other critics pointed to the book's slipshod writing, such as "the ineffably klutzy destruction of the planet of the evil Psychlos by atomic bombs, which turns it into a 'radioactive sun. "Punch" sarcastically commended Hubbard's "excellent understanding of evil impulses, particularly deviousness, which helps with the plot, and [he] is well-enough aware of his weaknesses not to dwell upon frailties like love, generosity, compassion". David Langford, after criticizing the plot, style and scientific implausibilities, concluded: "From this, "Battlefield" may sound almost worth looking at for its sheer laughable badness. No. It's dreadful and tedious beyond endurance".
Other critics praised the novel, however. "The Magazine of Fantasy &amp; Science Fiction" described the book as a "rather good, fast-paced, often fascinating SF adventure yarn". In a 2007 Fox News interview, former U.S. presidential candidate and former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney pointed to the book as "a very fun science fiction book." Neil Gaiman reviewed "Battlefield Earth" for "Imagine" magazine, and stated that "over 1000 pages of thrills, spills, vicious aliens, noble humans. Is mankind an endangered species? Will handsome and heroic Jonny Goodboy Tyler win Earth back from the nine-foot-high Psychlos? A tribute to the days of Pulp, I found it un-put-downable."
The Church of Scientology's role.
Shortly after its release, "Battlefield Earth" rose to the top of "The New York Times" Best Seller list and also those of the "Los Angeles Times", "Time", United Press International, Associated Press, B. Dalton and Waldenbooks. According to Hubbard's literary agents, Author Services Inc., by June 1983 the book had sold 150,000 copies and earned $1.5 million.
Not long afterwards, stories emerged of a reported Church of Scientology book-buying campaign mounted to ensure that the book would appear on the bestseller lists. According to newspaper reports, Church representatives promised the publishers that a particular number of copies would be bought by Church subsidiaries (the author and journalist Russell Miller cites a figure of 50,000 hardback copies.).
Local churches of Scientology and individual Scientologists were reportedly also urged to buy copies of the book. Bookstore chains including Waldenbooks cited examples of Scientologists repeatedly coming into stores and buying armfuls of the book at a time. Several bookstores reported that shipments of the book arrived with the store's own price tags already affixed to them, even before they were unpacked from the shipping boxes, suggesting that copies were being recycled. According to Miller, Scientologists throughout the United States were instructed to go out and buy at least two or three copies each. Gerry Armstrong, who worked in the Church's archives at the time, states that "One of the wealthy Scientologists, by the name of Ellie Bolger, apparently paid a huge amount of money to the organization, which they then disbursed to staff members to go down to B. Dalton or whatever and buy the book". "The New York Times" reported that "two Scientology organizations bought a total of 30,000 copies of "Battlefield Earth" at discount directly from the publisher, apparently to sell or to give to current or prospective Scientology members". Booksellers told the newspaper that they had seen unusual purchasing patterns, including individuals buying as many as 800 copies of the book at a time. It was suggested that "church members could be trying to buy themselves a bestseller in order to obtain a large paperback or movie sale, both of which are often contingent on a book's first becoming a bestseller in hard cover." Two months after the reports emerged, Author Services Inc. announced that it had sold the film rights for "Battlefield Earth" to a Los Angeles production company, though it took another 16 years for the film to be made.
Former Scientologist Bent Corydon has described how pressure was put on the managers of Scientology "missions" – effectively franchises – to promote and purchase "Battlefield Earth". At a conference held in San Francisco on October 17, 1982, Scientologist "mission holders" were told by Wendall Reynolds, the Church's international finance dictator, to do their bit to make the book a success:
According to Corydon, "[W]e were ordered to sell 1,000 copies of Hubbard's recently released science-fiction book "Battlefield Earth" before Thursday or I would be kicked out as mission holder". The idea behind the publicity drive was said to be that it "would, in turn, get the Dianetics book selling"; "Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health" did in fact experience a marked increase in sales subsequently, reentering "The New York Times" Best Seller list four times in 1986. "Battlefield Earth", for its part, sold over 125,000 copies in its first print run and by March 1985 had sold 800,000 paperback copies.
Hubbard's role as the founder of Scientology has led to a long-running controversy about whether "Battlefield Earth" contains Scientology themes, and about the role that the Church of Scientology has played in publishing and promoting the book.
Hubbard himself denied that the book was a vehicle for Scientology. He described his motives for writing as being that "it keeps my hand in, amuses people and whiles away the otherwise idle hour. It's better than playing video games!" He addresses the question directly in the book's introduction, where he says: "Some of my readers may wonder that I did not include my own serious subjects in this book. It was with no thought of dismissal of them. It was just that I put on my professional writer's hat. I also did not want to give anybody the idea I was doing a press relations job for my other serious works."
Film adaptation.
The subsequent film adaptation, released in May 2000, was a commercial failure and was criticized as one of the "worst films ever made".
From the book's release, Scientologist and science-fiction fan John Travolta aimed to bring Hubbard's book to the big screen in a series of two movies with himself playing Jonnie Goodboy Tyler, as well as producing. A first film was planned to be released in 1983, but due to rising costs, trouble in finding a studio that would fund the project, and Travolta's waning star power, the project was cancelled. It was finally produced by Franchise Pictures and released in 2000 as "Battlefield Earth". Directed by Roger Christian, it stars Travolta (who by now felt he was too old to play the hero) as Terl, Barry Pepper as Jonnie Goodboy Tyler, and Forest Whitaker as Ker.
The film opened to unfavorable reviews and was a large box office bomb. Due to bad word of mouth and Internet buzz, it quickly disappeared from theater chains, having grossed $29,725,663 worldwide against a reported $73 million budget. Almost all aspects of the film were criticized: hammy acting (especially by Travolta and Pepper), the film's overuse of Dutch angles, special effects, pacing, lack of action, plot, corny dialogue, and several plot inconsistencies. The film received seven Golden Raspberry Awards at the 21st such ceremony, including that for Worst Picture, and it later won two special awards: "Worst Drama of Our [the Razzies'] First 25 Years" and "Worst Picture of the Decade" (2000‒2009), at the 25th and 30th Golden Raspberry Awards respectively. Only "Jack and Jill", a 2011 comedy co-written, produced by, and starring Adam Sandler, has won more Raspberries (jointly or solely winning all ten of the awards presented at the 32nd Razzies).
Franchise Pictures was later sued and went bankrupt after the company was discovered to have fraudulently overstated the film's budget. This kept it from following its plans to make a sequel, since the movie covered only the first half of the book. The first "Battlefield Earth"s poor reception kept the sequel from hitting its intended 2002 release date, and the collapse of Franchise Pictures made the project even more untenable.

</doc>
<doc id="6976885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976885" title="Defence School of Aeronautical Engineering">
Defence School of Aeronautical Engineering

The Defence School of Aeronautical Engineering (DSAE) is a Defence Training Establishment (DTEs) of the British Ministry of Defence. It was formed on 1 April 2004 and provides training for aircraft engineering officers and tradesmen across the three British armed forces. The school comprises a headquarters, No. 1 School of Technical Training and the Aerosystems Engineer and Management Training School (now No. 2 School of Technical Training), all based at RAF Cosford, the Royal Naval Air Engineering and Survival Equipment School (RNAESS) at , with elements also based at RAF Cranwell and MOD St. Athan (No. 4 School of Technical Training).
History.
The school was formed on 1 April 2004 as the Defence College of Aeronautical Engineering (DCAE) and was one of five federated defence colleges formed after the Defence Training Review. In 2012, it joined three other technical training colleges under a combined organisation, the Defence College of Technical Training, and reverted in title to being a Defence School.
On 17 January 2007, Secretary of State for Defence Des Browne announced that Metrix UK, a joint venture between Qinetiq and Land Securities, had been selected as preferred bidder for Package One of Defence training. This would locate all Aeronautical Engineering training for all three services at MOD St Athan in 2017. The project was terminated in 2010 as part of the Strategic Defence and Security Review, undertaken by the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government.
Constituent elements.
The school comprises a headquarters and four affiliated schools.
Headquarters.
The DSAE headquarters is based at the RAF Cosford in Shropshire. The school reports to the Defence College of Technical Training (DCTT) which, in turn, is part of the Royal Air Force's No. 22 Group. Between 2004 and 2009 the station at Cosford was known as DCAE Cosford.
No. 1 School of Technical Training.
The RAF's No. 1 School of Technical Training is based at RAF Cosford and provides RAF personnel with mechanical, avionics, weapons and survival equipment training. The school trains around 2,000 students per year. 
No. 2 School of Technical Training.
Professional and management training is provided to RAF personnel by the Aerosystems Engineer and Management Training School (AE&amp;MTS) based at RAF Cosford.
Royal Naval Air Engineering and Survival Equipment School.
Based at located at Gosport in Hampshire, the Royal Navy's Air Engineering and Survival Equipment School provides aeronautical engineering and survival equipment training to Royal Navy personnel. The school is divided into six elements – a headquarters, 764 Initial Training Squadron, the Advanced Training Group, the Common Training Group, the Specialist Training Group and the Training Support Group.
School of Army Aeronautical Engineering.
Based at MOD Lyneham in Wiltshire, the Army's aviation engineering school delivers aeronautical engineering training to British Army personnel in the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers (REME). SAAE trains potential aeronautical Technicians, Supervisor, Artificers and Engineering Officers for frontline Joint Helicopter Command roles in order to sustain REME Aviation.

</doc>
<doc id="6976898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976898" title="Mayer-Vietoris">
Mayer-Vietoris

Mayer-Vietoris may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6976902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976902" title="TWA Flight 2">
TWA Flight 2



</doc>
<doc id="6976906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976906" title="Operation Bluehearts">
Operation Bluehearts

Operation Bluehearts was code name for the original plan for an amphibious landing behind enemy lines during the Korean War.
More specifically, the plan was to land an assault force from the 1st Cavalry Division and the Marine RCT against the North Korean Army's rear at Incheon as early as 22 July. 
But this operation was abandoned by 10 July 1950, and succeeded by Operation Chromite (Inchon landing).
Thereafter, 1st Cavalry Division landed at Pohang on 18 July 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="6976913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976913" title="Orson (band)">
Orson (band)

Orson were an American rock band from California, formed in 2000. The band, despite being American, were much more successful in the United Kingdom.
Career.
Orson started its life under the name of Halogen in 2000 and consisted of vocalist Jason Pebworth, guitarists George Astasio and Chad Rachild, bassist Johnny Lonely (aka John Bentjen) and drummer Johnny Fedevich. Within the first year of the band's existence, Fedevich was replaced by Chris Cano; creating the line-up of the band that would exist for most of the rest of its history.
Their self-financed debut studio album, "Bright Idea", released by Mercury Records in 2006, was produced in Los Angeles by Noah Shain and achieved chart success in the United Kingdom and Australia with the first single, "No Tomorrow". The album and single both debuted at the top of the UK Albums Chart and UK Singles Chart, respectively. "Bright Idea" went Platinum in the UK charts and went on to sell just under a million copies worldwide. Rachild departed the band a year after recording "Bright Idea" and was replaced by Kevin Roentgen.
The band first performed on UK radio during a live session on BBC Radio 2's Dermot O'Leary Show. Later, when they appeared at the 2006 Virgin Mobile V Festival in Staffordshire and Chelmsford in the UK; lead singer Jason Pebworth exclaimed: "It's good to be home!". This is because the band moved to London from Los Angeles in 2006. The band had more success in the UK than they did in their home country.
Lead singer Jason Pebworth said in an interview that the band's musical influences are Led Zeppelin, The Flaming Lips, Beck and Björk.
Other UK television appearances include Concert for Diana, "Top of the Pops", "Pop World", "1 Leicester Square", "The Sharon Osbourne Show", "The Charlotte Church Show", "Davina" and "Top Gear".
In 2007, Orson won the Brit Award for Best International Breakthrough Act and released their second album, "Culture Vultures", before deciding to disband shortly thereafter.
During the course of the band's career, Orson toured as support act for Duran Duran, Robbie Williams and Basement Jaxx as well as headlined their own UK tours multiple times from 2006–2007. Festivals they have played include Fuji Rock, T in the Park, Oxegen, V Festival, Pukkelpop and Lowlands.
Post-Orson.
Signed to Universal Publishing, Pebworth and George Astasio remain successful writers and producers under the name The Invisible Men, along with colleague Jon Shave, formerly of Xenomania. They have already had hits with artists like The Noisettes and Gabriella Cilmi and also work with Iggy Azalea and Jessie J.
Johnny Lonely continues to perform as well as manages new artists under the name Lo Pro in Los Angeles and performed with Roentgen on the "Hott Mess" EP.
Chris Cano works continuously as a drummer and toured with Ozomatli.
Goldsboro.
Chris Cano, Johnny Lonely and Kevin Roentgen formed the band Goldsboro in 2010 and independently released their debut album produced by Noah Shain in the Spring 2012. They were hand-picked by Guns N' Roses to open their Up Close and Personal Tour March 2012 "LA Takeover" shows at the Wiltern and House of Blues. Their song "Angels" appeared in Season 4 (Episode 11) of "Sons of Anarchy". Their song "Great White Buffalo" has received repeated airplay by the Sex Pistols' Steve Jones on Jonesy's Jukebox on Los Angeles radio station KROQ.
Personnel.
Members.
Final line-up
Former members

</doc>
<doc id="6976914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976914" title="Tomochika Miyano">
Tomochika Miyano



</doc>
<doc id="6976937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976937" title="Jeff Mitchell (disambiguation)">
Jeff Mitchell (disambiguation)

Jeff Mitchell is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="6976944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976944" title="Iraq General Security Service">
Iraq General Security Service



</doc>
<doc id="6976956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976956" title="Butterfly metaphor">
Butterfly metaphor



</doc>
<doc id="6976960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976960" title="Hellenic Ornithological Society">
Hellenic Ornithological Society

The Hellenic Ornithological Society (HOS; ) is a Greek non-governmental body dedicated solely to the conservation of wild birds and their habitats in Greece. Established in 1982, it operates as a non-profit organisation and serves as the Greek representative of BirdLife International. The society is also responsible for managing the Antikythira Bird Observatory.

</doc>
<doc id="6976978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976978" title="Isenheim Altar">
Isenheim Altar



</doc>
<doc id="6976992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976992" title="Hiroshi Naka">
Hiroshi Naka

, better known by the stage name of , is a Japanese actor, voice actor and narrator affiliated with Ken Production. He is originally from Ōita Prefecture.

</doc>
<doc id="6976997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976997" title="Hank Sweeney">
Hank Sweeney

Harry Leon Sweeney (December 28, 1915 – May 6, 1980) was a Major League Baseball first baseman who appeared in one game for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1944. A native of Franklin, Tennessee, the 28-year-old rookie stood and weighed 185 lbs (83.9 kg).
Sweeney is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. On the last day of the season (October 1), he appeared in one of the games of a doubleheader against the Philadelphia Blue Jays at Shibe Park. He went 0-for-2 (.000) but handled 10 chances for a fielding percentage of 1.000.
He died at the age of 64 in Columbia, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="6976999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6976999" title="Ania Walwicz">
Ania Walwicz

Ania Walwicz (19 May 1951 – 29 September 2020) was an Australian poet, playwright, prose writer and visual artist. 
Early life.
Walwicz was born on 19 May 1951 in Swidnica, Poland where she spent her childhood, before migrating to Australia in 1963. She attended the Victorian College of the Arts (VCA) in Melbourne.
Style and influences.
Walwicz was very sensitive to the treatment of performance artists which operate outside the normal practices. Her writing tends toward an impressionistic, stream of consciousness exploration of inner states. It also exploits 'appropriative' or 'sampling' techniques of production. Apart from publication in numerous anthologies, journals and several books, her work has been performed by La Mama Theatre, the Sydney Chamber Choir and set to music by ChamberMade. Walwicz performed her work in France, Japan and Switzerland. Until her death in September 2020 she taught creative writing at RMIT in Melbourne.
A fellow performance artist, John Cage, is known for creating interesting pieces of music that stretch the traditional limits and practices of musicians. The unconventionality of his work, once considered controversial, led people to reject his pieces. John Cage told a story about how professional orchestras destroyed his instruments because they refused to play his work. This story was very influential on Walwicz, as it demonstrated the intolerance of people who should not be intolerant to artists.
In Walwicz's one-woman play "Telltale", the writer uses the influence and experience of her childhood to convey her work. “The play is populated with a lifetime of characters, some of whom have survived those early days when Walwicz did invent stories in the once- upon-a-time world of her childhood. "In a way there's millions The person begins in a chaotic state and winds up in one of grace."
Several cultural influences impacted Walwicz throughout her life. She was a strong believer in feminism and this is evident in her work. For example, she chose to rewrite the story of "Little Red Riding Hood" from a feminist viewpoint. Walwicz was also "inspired by writers like Franz Kafka and Fyodor Dostoevsky, her written work is featured in over 200 anthologies and in secondary and tertiary literary curricula and sound recordings of her works feature in Voiceprints."
As a nonconformist, Walwicz was once was critical of a beloved author and received backlash; the underlying message she received was 'you will believe what others believe'. This was very influential on her overall attitude towards authority and orthodoxy. This attitude helped Walwicz transcend the boundaries that many in the artistic community would try to place upon her.
Ultimately, Walwicz believed in the beauty found in creation. In particular, she believed in the power of writing. "A person once said to me that the act of writing is the ultimate act of hope. That you have this empty page and you can do something with it. So that's a beautiful thought. We can always start again."
Importance of sound.
As a performance artist, Walwicz understood the importance of sound in poetry. "It starts as writing and is writing first and foremost. Fundamentally, it has to be in writing because sound productions can be dismissed. The act of writing, for me, is an aural event. The processes of thinking and reading are aural. Other people have read my work in a different way. The problem with my public reading of my work is that people think that’s the way it has to be read. But its open to interpretation."
Horse.
In discussing her final work, "Horse", Walwicz described how she drew her inspiration from a dream. "I didn’t know how "Horse" would end up or what would happen, but I knew that there was something remarkable happening, that was sort of almost guided by an outside power. But you know I found ideas which are supposed to be also generated within Freud’s writing, of the Kabbalistic thought which has always interested me: the sort of magic of language, that language can multiply itself and form secret and unusual patterns, while everything is put away in the drawer, and things of this nature. But I think because I was going into the fairytale territory, and the fairytale area is an area of magic." "Horse" won the 2017 Alfred Deakin Medal.
Poetry readings.
In addition to creating poetry, Walwicz was also a performance artist, often recording many of her original works. Many of her recordings are available online, including selections from her award-winning poetry.
Critical and scholarly response.
In a piece, 'Transgressing Language', Lyn McCredden writes: "This impulse to return to origins, to childhood and new beginnings, is a recurrent one in Walwicz's work. Language is the possibility of renewal, of writing the self. It may be a treacherous or dangerous womb, but it is in its dangerousness, its sharpness, that it rewards the experimental poet who, through repetition, insistence, flights of lyrical affirmation and childlike simplicity, incants the new self. Questions of control are thematised, as the poet struggles with language for the desired effect, the new languaged self. But it can also be argued that poet and language seem to be coming from the same angle, in a relationship of concurrence, confronting the more conventional." "A number of contradictions shape the poetry of Polish-Australian writer Ania Walwicz. These contradictions are bred partly by the literary theory which has so insistently surrounded her work, and, it will be argued, are partly inherent in the enterprise of avant-garde or experimental poetry."

</doc>
<doc id="6977012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977012" title="Njesuthi">
Njesuthi

Njesuthi or Injesuthi Dome is one of the highest mountains in the Drakensberg mountain range at . It is located on the border between Lesotho and the South African province KwaZulu-Natal. Also, less than 1.5 km away on the border is the taller Mafadi peak at .

</doc>
<doc id="6977014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977014" title="Isle of Wight disease">
Isle of Wight disease



</doc>
<doc id="6977023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977023" title="Irrigation salinization">
Irrigation salinization



</doc>
<doc id="6977025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977025" title="Njesuthi Mountain">
Njesuthi Mountain



</doc>
<doc id="6977027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977027" title="Verbal adverb">
Verbal adverb



</doc>
<doc id="6977037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977037" title="Iranian Ministry of Intelligence and Security">
Iranian Ministry of Intelligence and Security



</doc>
<doc id="6977044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977044" title="Willie Ritola">
Willie Ritola



</doc>
<doc id="6977046" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977046" title="Baku-Tblisi-Erzerum Pipeline">
Baku-Tblisi-Erzerum Pipeline



</doc>
<doc id="6977049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977049" title="Stent Graft">
Stent Graft



</doc>
<doc id="6977050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977050" title="William Ritola">
William Ritola



</doc>
<doc id="6977052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977052" title="Dave Sutton (footballer, born 1957)">
Dave Sutton (footballer, born 1957)

David William Sutton (born 21 January 1957) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Plymouth Argyle, Reading, Huddersfield Town, Bolton Wanderers and Rochdale. He later became a manager.
Despite being born in Tarleton near Preston in Lancashire Sutton began as an apprentice with Plymouth Argyle. He made 61 appearances at centre half plus 9 on loan at Reading before a transfer to Huddersfield Town under Mick Buxton in 1978. This was a highly successful move as Sutton moved up with them from the Fourth Division to the top half of the Second in the early 1980s. Mick Buxton later listed him as one of his best ever signings. After six years and 242 appearances he moved to then Third Division Bolton Wanderers where he made 98 appearances over four seasons experiencing relegation through the play-offs in 1986/87, then promotion in 1987/88.
After his release that summer he signed for Rochdale as team captain and helped the club improve under Danny Bergara after a shaky start. However just after Christmas he was advised to give up playing or risk severe back problems. Bergara retained his services as club physio then he became caretaker-manager for three games (all defeats) before Terry Dolan was appointed. Dolan also kept him on and indeed offered him a position at Hull City when he changed clubs in 1990/91. Sutton was the only member of Dolan's team to decline the offer and became caretaker for the rest of the season which was effectively over.
Sutton was finally given a permanent appointment that summer and crucially, permission to spend the bulk of the £200,000 received from the sale of goalkeeper Keith Welch which meant a mass clear out and the arrival of players such as record signing Andy Flounders and inspirational defender Alan Reeves.
Sutton's adventurous style was a clear break from the defensive-minded Dolan and Rochdale just missed out on a play-off place in 1991/92. The following season they slipped back slightly. In 1993/94 Dale again missed out on the play-offs on the last day of the season.
Expensive signings such as Paul Williams and Darren Oliver had not been successful and Reeves and goalkeeper Martin Hodge left the club. Sutton did not replace them quickly enough and after a run of heavy defeats he left the club by mutual consent at the end of November 1994.
Despite being linked to a vacancy at Northampton Town Sutton's next job was as manager of ambitious non-league club Chorley F.C. He resigned the post after 18 months, citing work commitments with the market gardening business he ran in partnership with his father.

</doc>
<doc id="6977059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977059" title="Economische Bond">
Economische Bond



</doc>
<doc id="6977067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977067" title="List of surf rock musicians">
List of surf rock musicians



</doc>
<doc id="6977068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977068" title="The princess and the pea">
The princess and the pea



</doc>
<doc id="6977070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977070" title="אור כשדים">
אור כשדים



</doc>
<doc id="6977073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977073" title="Lawrence Ytzhak Braithwaite">
Lawrence Ytzhak Braithwaite

Lawrence Christopher Patrick (aka Ytzhak) Braithwaite (March 17, 1963 – July 14, 2008) was a Canadian novelist, spoken-word artist, dub poet, essayist, digital drummer and short fiction writer.
Born in Montreal, Quebec, he has been called "one of the outstanding Canadian prose writers alive" (Gail Scott) and linked to the "New Narrative" movement, a term coined by Steve Abbott. He was the author of the legendary cult novel "Wigger".
Braithwaite's work has been praised by Dodie Bellamy for its "sublime impenetrability". and is fueled by a modernist and Fredric Jameson-influenced late modernist approach to writing and recording. His work is influenced by the musical and social realism of punk rock, opera, musique concrète, noise, hip hop, rap, industrial, black metal, country music and dub.
Braithwaite utilized the intensity of the New York City No Wave scene and the Los Angeles and Montreal hardcore punk music subcultures to compose his narrative. His family has laid him to rest in Notre-Dames-des-Neiges Cemetery, Montreal, Quebec.
Braithwaite was openly gay. He was a vocal critic of the LGBT community's sometimes inadequate response to issues of racism.

</doc>
<doc id="6977076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977076" title="Belayneh Dinsamo">
Belayneh Dinsamo

Belayneh Densamo (born 28 June 1965) is an Ethiopian former long-distance runner, and a long-period world record holder for the marathon discipline. He held the world record for 10 years (1988-1998).
Early life.
Belayneh was born in Diramo Afarrara in Sidamo, the southernmost province, and began first competing professionally at national level.
Career.
Densamo broke the world record by 22 seconds with a time of 2:06:50 at the 1988 Rotterdam Marathon, following three previous wins at major marathons 1986–1987. This record lasted the third-longest span ever recorded (and since the event was first professionally organized at the 1896 Olympics).
Densamo won two major international marathons in 1989 and in 1990. He was not among the three Ethiopian men who entered the marathon in the 1992 Summer Olympics. He represented Ethiopia at the marathon at the 1996 Summer Olympics, as the world record holder in the relatively humid summer Atlanta, Georgia conditions and was among 13 of a field of 130 who did not finish. Densamo's world record fell to Ronaldo da Costa at the Berlin Marathon in 1998.
As of 2009, Belayneh lives in the area of Cambridge, Massachusetts and has retired from international competition.

</doc>
<doc id="6977083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977083" title="Operation Commando">
Operation Commando

Operation Commando was an offensive undertaken by United Nations Command (UN) forces during the Korean War between 3–12 October 1951. The US I Corps (including four U.S. Divisions, the 1st Commonwealth Division and the Republic of Korea Army (ROK) 1st Infantry Division) seized the Jamestown Line, destroying elements of the People's Volunteer Army (PVA) 42nd, 47th, 64th and 65th Armies. This prevented the PVA from interdicting the UN supply lines near Seoul.
The attack began on 3 October 1951 from the "Wyoming Line", which had been extended during Operation Minden and ended on 12 October, with a few hills south of the line still in PVA hands. Seizing these hills required a follow-up operation—Operation Polecharge. As a result of this advance, the badly mauled US 1st Cavalry Division was withdrawn to Japan for refitting.
Commando and Polecharge were the last actions in the war of manoeuvre, which had lasted 16 months. It was replaced by a static war, characterised by fixed defences, trench lines, bunkers, patrols, wiring parties and minefields reminiscent of the Western Front in 1915–17. Australian involvement in this operation is known by historians as the First Battle of Maryang-san.
Background.
Shortly after the Battle of Heartbreak Ridge got under way in September 1951, US Eighth Army commander General James Van Fleet and his staff drew up plans for an ambitious advance in the US I and IX Corps sectors. Since the important Ch'orwon-Kumhwa railroad was exposed to enemy artillery fire and attack, Plan Cudgel envisioned a 15-kilometer drive forward from the "Wyoming Line" to protect the railroad line and to force the enemy to give up his forward positions. Besides improving communications in central Korea, Van Fleet intended to use the railroad to support a follow-up operation in October which he had named Wrangle. The latter was equally ambitious, for it aimed at cutting off the Korean People's Army (KPA) forces opposing the ROK I and US X Corps on the right flank of the Eighth Army by an amphibious operation on the east coast. If this operation were successful, the forward line of the Eighth Army would run between Pyonggang and Kojo. For the landing force, Van Fleet proposed to use US Marine forces with a ROK division following them into the Kojo beach area. Van Fleet frankly recognized that this operation would be a calculated risk and might lead to a dangerous PVA/KPA counterthrust on the west flank as the amphibious forces tried to link up with the US IX Corps along the Kumsong-Kojo road.
Although Van Fleet asked UN commander General Matthew Ridgway for a quick decision on Cudgel and Wrangle, he discarded them himself within a few days. Consideration of the probable costs of Cudgel led him to accept instead a substitute plan submitted by General John W. O'Daniel, the I Corps' commander, at the end of September. O'Daniel outlined a modest 10-kilometer advance by the I Corps to a new defense line called "Jamestown", which would allow I Corps to strengthen its supply lines by reducing the truck hauls during the winter months. The Jamestown line began on the west bank of the Imjin River a little over northeast of Munsan-ni, then arched gently northeast to the town of Samich'on on the Sami-ch'on River (). For the next the line ran northeast, rejoining the Imjin River near the town of Kyeho-dong, then hugged the high ground south of the Yokkokch'on for about until it reached the area of Chut'oso, northwest of Ch'orwon. From Chut'oso, the line ran east by north for about , ending approximately northeast of Ch'orwon at the village of Chungasan. Seizure of the key terrain features along this line would screen the Yonch'on-Ch'orwon Valley lines of communication from enemy observation and artillery fire, permit development of the Seoul-Ch'orwon-Kumhwa railroad line and allow the main line of resistance to be advanced. In addition, the I Corps' offensive would keep the enemy off balance and prevent the Eighth Army troops from getting stale.
October was a good month for operations in the west central part of Korea, since the weather was usually dry. This permitted full air support and eliminated the problems of flash floods and heavy mud. Terrain in the I Corps sector varied from low lands in the west to small, steep hills in the center and low rolling hills on the eastern fringes of the Corps' boundary. To carry out Operation Commando, as the I Corps' advance was called, O'Daniel planned to use four divisions from his own Corps and one from the neighboring US IX Corps to prevent the development of a sag along the Corps' boundaries. On the Corps' western flank the ROK 1st Infantry Division, commanded by Brigadier general Bak Lim Hang, would leave "Line Wyoming", cross the Imjin River, and move toward Kaesong. The British Commonwealth Division, under General James Cassels, was on the eastern flank of the ROK 1st and would take the high ground between Samich'on and Kyeho-dong. Still farther east, the 1st Cavalry Division, under Major general Thomas Harrold, would move to the northwest on an front between Kyeho-dong and Kamgol. On the Corps' right flank, Major general Robert H. Soule's 3rd Infantry Division would advance and capture Hill 281, northwest of Ch'orwon, and Hills 373 and 324, west by north of the city. The 3rd Division would also link up at Chungasan with the IX Corps' 25th Infantry Division, now commanded by Major general Ira P. Swift, as the 25th advanced to take over defensible terrain north of the confluence of the Hant'an and Namdae Rivers northeast of Ch'orwon.
Elements, of four PVA armies the 65th, 64th, 47th, and 42nd would have to be pushed back before the "Jamestown Line" could be reached, but as Van Fleet remarked to the press on 30 September, the basic mission of the Eighth Army was to seek out and destroy the enemy.
Advance.
When the operation began on 3 October, the PVA centered their resistance in the 1st Cavalry Division zone. The ROK 1st, 1st Commonwealth, 3rd and 25th Divisions met only light to moderate opposition as they advanced to take their assigned objectives along the "Jamestown Line", but the 1st Cavalry Division units had to battle for every foot of ground. Elements of the PVA 139th and 141st Divisions of the 47th Army manned the PVA's main line of resistance facing the 1st Cavalry Division and they had constructed defenses similar to those encountered on "Heartbreak Ridge", strong bunkers supporting each other with automatic weapons fire, and with heavy concentrations of artillery and mortars interdicting the approach routes to the hills and ridges. Barbed wire aprons and mines guarded the trenches and bunkers and the PVA were well stocked in ammunition and supplies.
Harrold had the 70th Tank Battalion under Major Carroll McFalls, Jr. and the 16th Reconnaissance Company operate as a task force on his left flank. The mission of "Task Force Mac" was to advance along the east bank of the Imjin River toward Kyeho-dong, tying in with the 1st Commonwealth Division's move to the west and protecting the left flank of the 5th Cavalry Regiment. The 5th Cavalry, commanded by Colonel Irving Lehrfeld, and the 7th Cavalry Regiment, under Colonel Dan Gilmer, would attack abreast across the division front. The 8th Cavalry Regiment, with Colonel Eugene J. Field in command, was the divisional reserve. All of the division artillery battalions would participate in the operation. The 61st and 82nd Field Artillery Battalions, 105-mm and 155-mm howitzers respectively, would support the 5th Cavalry, and the 77th and 99th Field Artillery Battalions, both 105-mm howitzer, would support the 7th Cavalry. For general artillery support, I Corps made available to the 1st Cavalry Division the 936th Field Artillery Battalion (155-mm. howitzer); A Battery, 17th (8-inch howitzer); and A and B Batteries, 204th Field Artillery Battalion (155-mm. guns). The battalions were along the Main line of resistance, from the "Jamestown line".
An hour before the attack was launched, the artillery along the I Corps' front began to soften up the enemy defense positions. Then at 06:00 on 3 October the five divisions moved out. In the 1st Cavalry Division sector the PVA response was immediate and violent. "Task Force Mac" on the left flank encountered heavy mine concentrations coupled with strong artillery and mortar fire; by the end of the day, it had made little progress. As the 5th Cavalry assaulted the four intermediate hill objectives facing the regiment, Hills 222, 272, 346 and 287, the PVA refused to give way. The PVA forces directed artillery and mortar fire at the 5th's three battalions as they labored up the hills, and as soon as the I Corps' artillery lifted, the PVA rushed out to their fighting positions and added heavy small arms, automatic weapons, and grenade fire to halt the attack. Six attempts by the 3rd Battalion won a foothold on Hill 272, but PVA pressure forced a withdrawal later in the day. Only against Hill 222 could the 5th register any lasting success; after a frontal assault by the 3rd Battalion, the PVA had to abandon the hill and fall back to the north. The situation in the 7th Cavalry's area to the east was quite similar. Attacking with the 3rd, Greek and 2nd Battalions abreast, they attempted to storm Hills 418 and 313 along with the ridge and high ground extending from these points. Both the Greek and the 2nd Battalions won their way to the ridge line only to suffer heavy casualties from the PVA counterattacks that followed; neither could hold on. Many positions changed hands three or four times during the course of the day as bitter hand-to-hand fighting marked the intensity of the PVA resistance. By the end of the first day, the supporting artillery had fired over 15,000 rounds at the enemy and the PVA had committed the bulk of their 2nd Artillery Division to help block the advance of the 1st Cavalry Division. The PVA's willingness to use most of their available artillery against the 1st Cavalry was accompanied by bolder employment of the artillery pieces in direct support and counterbattery roles. In the process PVA artillery locations were revealed and soon began to receive attention from both the I Corps' artillery and Fifth Air Force fighter-bombers.
Despite heavy fighting on 4 October, there was little forward progress. Elements of the 8th Cavalry reinforced the 7th Cavalry on the right and assaulted the ridges west of Hill 418, but the PVA clung tenaciously to their positions. When driven off, the PVA expended manpower freely to retake the lost ground. Each PVA company was using ten to twelve machine guns and large quantities of hand grenades. The latter caused the bulk of the 1st Cavalry Division's casualties as the close combat grew more bitter. During the day elements of the PVA 140th Division moved up to reinforce the 139th Division which had been hard hit by the 1st Cavalry's continued battering of their positions. The 1st Cavalry, in its drive towards the Yokkok-ch'on and the Jamestown line, now had to contend with the bulk of the 47th Army.
The first crack in the PVA defense came on 5 October, when the 1st Battalion, 8th Cavalry, discovered that the PVA had withdrawn from Hill 418 during the night. By afternoon the 1st Battalion cleared the ridge to the northeast and was able to tie in with the 15th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Division. The 2nd Battalion, 7th Cavalry, then moved up the ridge southwest of Hill 418 and occupied Hill 313 without opposition. On 6 October the 2nd Battalion, 8th Cavalry, launched an attack on Hill 334, west of Hill 418, and after two attempts, seized the objective. Heavy PVA counterattacks, day and night, were beaten back. At Hill 287, over southwest of Hill 334, the 1st Battalion, 7th Cavalry, fought its way toward the crest and held on to part of the hill at nightfall. Prisoners of war taken on 5–6 October indicated that the PVA were falling back on new prepared defense lines to the northwest and that many units had been decimated in the opening days of the offensive; food and ammunition stocks, they also reported, were becoming exhausted. On 7 October the 7th Cavalry completed the seizure of Hill 287 and sent the 3rd Battalion to take Hill 347, a little over southwest of Hill 418. Attacking from the south and southeast, the 3rd Battalion began to clear the hill at the end of the day. The fall of Hill 347 meant that the 1st Cavalry now dominated the high ground comprising the "Jamestown Line" in the northeastern half of the divisional sector.
The breach in the northeast had little immediate effect upon the PVA defense of the hills across the 5th Cavalry front, however, and the relentless hammering of artillery, mortar, and tank fire against the formidable bunker system failed to produce a breakthrough. Even air strikes with Napalm and 1,000-pound bombs made little impression upon the defenders, since the PVA had constructed an intricate trench system and numerous escape routes that negated most of the effects of the air attacks. The dogged PVA defense, in many cases to the last man, took a heavy toll of 1st Cavalry Division forces and frequently produced a situation in which the American assault forces attained an objective in insufficient strength to resist the fierce PVA counterattacks that followed. After eight days of assaults against Hills 346, 230, and 272, the PVA still refused to give ground. But the incessant punishment they had absorbed and the drain in manpower and ammunition stocks were beginning to tell. On the night of 12 October the PVA abandoned Hill 272 and Colonel Field's 8th Cavalry troops took possession the next day without contact.
Aftermath.
Control of Hill 272 opened the eastern approach to the key hill in the PVA's remaining defense line, Hill 346. On 15 October a new operational plan, called Operation Polecharge, was put into effect.

</doc>
<doc id="6977085" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977085" title="Line of succession to the former Yugoslav throne">
Line of succession to the former Yugoslav throne



</doc>
<doc id="6977086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977086" title="Buttress roots">
Buttress roots



</doc>
<doc id="6977090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977090" title="Wilke">
Wilke

Wilke is a surname of German origin, which is medieval pet form of the personal name Wilhelm. A related English surname is Wilkie. The surname Wilke may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6977106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977106" title="Big job">
Big job

Big job may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6977107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977107" title="Bovey Heath">
Bovey Heath

Bovey Heath is a 32 hectare (50 acre) area of heathland between Bovey Tracey and Heathfield in south Devon, England.
Although primarily heathland habitat, the site has some wet mature oak woodland, and is home to rare species such as the Dartford warbler, European stonechat, European nightjar and the narrow headed ant. The reserve has been a Site of Special Scientific Interest since 1989. It became a Devon Wildlife Trust nature reserve in 2002 and a Local Nature Reserve in 2003.
History.
The heath was probably created around 4000 years ago through the actions of Bronze Age farmers who would have cleared areas of woodland for grazing and the cultivation of crops. There is at least one Bronze Age tumulus on the site.
The Battle of Bovey Heath, a regionally decisive battle during the English Civil War, took place here on 9 January 1646. The site holds one of only two earthworks in the South West dating to this period; it is a Scheduled Ancient Monument. At the time the heath was over 380 hectares (1000 acres) in size, but in the 19th and 20th centuries much of it was destroyed by open-cast mining for ball clay. During the Second World War and for a short time after, the site was used as a training ground for American soldiers.
Since the war the remaining heath was badly neglected, used as a dumping ground and a place for unauthorised off-roading. This activity was halted by Devon Wildlife Trust when it took over the site.

</doc>
<doc id="6977119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977119" title="John komlos">
John komlos



</doc>
<doc id="6977124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977124" title="Past Canadian electoral districts">
Past Canadian electoral districts



</doc>
<doc id="6977129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977129" title="Baku-Tblisi-Erzerum Gas Pipeline">
Baku-Tblisi-Erzerum Gas Pipeline



</doc>
<doc id="6977134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977134" title="Koldo Fernández">
Koldo Fernández

Koldo Fernández de Larrea (born 13 September 1981) is a Spanish former professional road racing cyclist, who rode professionally between 2004 and 2014 for the and teams. He now works as a transfer agent within the sport.
Born in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Basque Country, Fernández currently resides in Zurbano, Basque Country, Spain.
Major results.
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="6977137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977137" title="Mayer-Veitoris">
Mayer-Veitoris



</doc>
<doc id="6977143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977143" title="Saxatones">
Saxatones



</doc>
<doc id="6977145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977145" title="Parents and Friends of Ex-Gays and Gays">
Parents and Friends of Ex-Gays and Gays

Parents and Friends of Ex-Gays and Gays (PFOX) is a non-profit organization that promotes the ex-gay movement. PFOX advocates the view that homosexuality is not a product of biological determination. Past presidents of PFOX include Greg Quinlan and Richard Cohen.
Background.
PFOX, founded in 1998, is headquartered in Fort Belvoir, Virginia. Richard Cohen, who describes himself as ex-gay, was the president of PFOX for a period of time. After Cohen was interviewed by Jason Jones on the March 19, 2007, episode of "The Daily Show", PFOX removed references to Cohen from their website.
Greg Quinlan is a self-described former homosexual who came out at the age of 23. He has stated that he "departed from homosexuality" in 1993, and went on to found the Pro-Family Network, a conservative advocacy organization.
PFOX is a signatory organization of Positive Alternatives to Homosexuality (PATH), which is "a non-profit coalition of organizations that help people with unwanted same-sex attractions (SSA) realize their personal goals for change -- whether by developing their innate heterosexual potential or by embracing a lifestyle as a single, non-sexually active man or woman." As a member, PFOX has adopted PATH's statement of principles. PFOX is supported by the Family Research Council.
Positions.
The PFOX website states: "We must seek the facts and love our children unconditionally without having to affirm their homosexual behavior." PFOX also advocates acceptance of people who identify as ex-gay. The group is known for promoting views that transsexual people are biologically appropriate at birth. They are opposed to sexual reassignment surgery, proposing counseling instead. They also believe being gay is a political identity. PFOX neither provides nor renders therapeutic services.
Activities.
In December 2007, when the Washington, D.C. Board of Education approved new health and physical education guidelines, PFOX voiced opposition to the "grade-specific sex education and information about HIV/AIDS" on the basis that "the standards are not and would undermine abstinence-only messages." PFOX opposed legislation to protect transgender people from discrimination, stating their concern that it gave "male cross-dressers access to women's restrooms".
On October 16, 2008, PFOX sued the District of Columbia Office of Human Rights (OHR) for failing to protect former homosexuals under its sexual orientation anti-discrimination law. This was after the OHR stood with the National Education Association (NEA) in its refusal to provide public accommodations to ex-gays. The court ruled in favour of the NEA, and also stated that ex-gays are a protected class that must be recognized under sexual orientation non-discrimination laws.
In December 2014 PFOX got national exposure for putting up a billboard next to highway I-95 in Richmond, Virginia. The billboard featured the text "Identical twins: One gay. One not. We believe twin research studies show nobody is born gay", in between photos of two men, seemingly identical twins. Both images on the billboard were stock photos of one man who identified himself as being "openly gay and happy my entire life", and criticized PFOX and their billboard.
Criticism.
Many of PFOX's views on the developmental causes of homosexuality and gender identity are in the minority of community opinion and unsupported by health professionals. PFOX's assertion that being gay is a choice relies heavily on two scientific studies which deny the existence of a "gay gene". Their interpretation of one of the studies, which was conducted in 2000, was later disputed by its main researcher. The American Psychological Association has studied the efforts of people seeking to change their sexual orientation, resulting in a 2009 resolution concluding, ’’there is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychological interventions to change sexual orientation,’’ and recommending that mental health professionals should avoid telling clients that they can change their sexual orientation through therapy or other treatments. 
PFOX was described in the "Washington City Paper" as "ignoring the interests of ex-gays", and having almost no ex-gay members. The organization is composed almost entirely of people who state they have always been straight; of the ten people who make up the groups board of directors, only one states they are ex-gay. A PFOX representative has stated that PFOX meetings are "for families and friends of strugglers only, and not for ex-gays."
In 2004, the National Mental Health Association declined PFOX's application for booth space at their annual convention, calling the group's principles a divergence from the association's core mission. They have also been denied participation at events held by the American Association of University Women. Parents, Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays (PFLAG)—which participated in 2004 and 2005 at the NPTA convention—has responded to PFOX:
In 2010, gay rights advocate Wayne Besen described PFOX as being "as sickening as it is scandalous", saying that the PFOX group had been tied to "an eliminationist campaign, worldwide, against gay people" including the Uganda Anti-Homosexuality Bill.

</doc>
<doc id="6977148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977148" title="Sokushinbutsu">
Sokushinbutsu

 is a type of Buddhist mummy. In Japan the term refers to the practice of Buddhist monks observing asceticism to the point of death and entering mummification while alive. Although mummified monks are seen in a number of Buddhist countries, especially in Southeast Asia where monks are mummified after dying of natural causes, it is only in Japan that monks are believed to have induced their own death by starvation. 
There is a common suggestion that Shingon school founder Kukai brought this practice from Tang China as part of secret tantric practices he learned. During the 20th century, Japanese scholars found very little evidence of self-starvation of . They rather concluded that mummification took place after the demise of the monk practising this kind of asceticism, as seen in Southeast Asian lands.
Origin.
There is at least one "self-mummified" 550-year-old corpse in existence: that of a Buddhist monk named Sangha Tenzin in a northern Himalayan region of India, visible in a temple in Gue village, Spiti, Himachal Pradesh. This mummy was rediscovered in 1975 when the old stupa preserving it collapsed and it is estimated to be from about the 14th century. The monk was likely a Tibetan dzogpa-chenpo practitioner and similar mummies have been found in Tibet and East Asia. The preservation of the mummy for at least five centuries was possible due to the aridity of the area and cold weather.
According to Paul Williams, the ascetic practices of Shugendō were likely inspired by Kūkai, the founder of Shingon Buddhism, who ended his life by reducing and then stopping intake of food and water, while continuing to meditate and chant Buddhist mantras. Ascetic self-mummification practices are also recorded in China and associated with the Chan tradition there. Alternate ascetic practices similar to are also known, such as public self-immolation practice in China. This was considered as evidence of a renunciant bodhisattva.
Japan.
A mountain-dwelling religion called Shugendō emerged in Japan as a syncretism between Vajrayana Buddhism, Shinto and Taoism in the 7th century, which stressed ascetic practices. One of these practices was (or ), connoting mountain austerities in order to attain Enlightenment in a single lifetime. This practice was perfected over a period of time, particularly in the Three Mountains of Dewa region of Japan, that is the Haguro, Gassan and Yudono mountains. These mountains remain sacred in the Shugendō tradition to this day, and ascetic austerities continue to be performed in the valleys and mountain range in this area.
In medieval Japan, this tradition developed a process for , which a monk completed over about 3,000 days. It involved a strict diet called (literally, ). The monk abstained from any cereals and relied on pine needles, resins, and seeds found in the mountains, which would eliminate all fat in the body. Increasing rates of fasting and meditation would lead to starvation. The monks would slowly reduce then stop liquid intake, thus dehydrating the body and shrinking all organs. The monks would die in a state of "jhana" (meditation) while chanting the (a recitation of the Buddha Amitabha's Name in Remembrance of him), and their body would become naturally preserved as a mummy with skin and teeth intact without decay and without the need of any artificial preservatives. Many Buddhist mummies have been found in northern Japan and are estimated to be centuries old, while texts suggest that hundreds of these cases are buried in the stupas and mountains of Japan. These mummies have been revered and venerated by the laypeople of Buddhism.
Presumably many monks died partway through this grueling process, but the exact number is not known.
One of the altars in the Honmyō-ji temple of Yamagata Prefecture continues to preserve one of the oldest mummies—that of the ascetic named Honmyōkai. This process of self-mummification was mainly practiced in Yamagata in Northern Japan between the 11th and 19th century, by members of the Japanese Vajrayana school of Buddhism called Shingon ("True Word"). The practitioners of did not view this practice as an act of suicide, but rather as a form of further enlightenment.
Emperor Meiji banned this practice in 1879. Assisted suicide—including religious suicide—is now illegal.

</doc>
<doc id="6977149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977149" title="Shah-Deniz Pipeline">
Shah-Deniz Pipeline



</doc>
<doc id="6977151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977151" title="Lawrence Ytzhak Bratihwaite">
Lawrence Ytzhak Bratihwaite



</doc>
<doc id="6977160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977160" title="Tetraxenonogold(II)">
Tetraxenonogold(II)

Tetraxenonogold(II), gold tetraxenide(II) or AuXe is a cationic complex consisting of a central gold atom surrounded by four xenon atoms. It is a covalent complex with a square planar configuration of atoms. The complex is found in the compound AuXe(SbF) (tetraxenonogold(II) undecafluorodiantimonate). This compound, which exists in triclinic and tetragonal crystal modifications, has the AuXe ion is stabilised by interactions with the fluoride atoms of the counterion. The Au−Xe bond length is .
Tetraxenonogold(II) is unusual in that it is a coordination complex of xenon, which is weakly basic. It is also unusual in that it contains gold in the +2 oxidation state. It can be produced by reduction of AuF3 by xenon in the presence of fluoroantimonic acid. The salt crystallises at low temperature. Four xenon atoms bond with the gold(II) ion to make this complex.
It was the first description of a compound between a noble gas and a noble metal. It was first described in 2000 by Konrad Seppelt and Stefan Seidel. Several related compounds containing gold(III)–xenon and gold(I)–xenon bonds have since been isolated. A compound containing a mercury–xenon bond [HgXe]2+[Sb2F11]–[SbF6]– (xenonomercury(II) undecafluorodiantimonate hexafluoroantimonate) has also been isolated.

</doc>
<doc id="6977173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977173" title="Weymouth high">
Weymouth high



</doc>
<doc id="6977175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977175" title="Goiânia incident">
Goiânia incident



</doc>
<doc id="6977177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977177" title="Live from Paisley Park">
Live from Paisley Park



</doc>
<doc id="6977179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977179" title="Sidrapong Hydroelectric Power Station">
Sidrapong Hydroelectric Power Station

Sidrapong Hydroelectric Power Station ( Sidrapong Hydel Power Station), located at the foothills of Arya Tea Estate from Darjeeling town, is the oldest hydel power station or hydroelectric power plant in India. commissioned on 10 November 1897, its original capacity was 2 × 65 kW, which was expanded in phases for increased demands to a total 1000 kW in 1916. Having reached the limit of the water supply, the machinery was replaced in 1931 for more-efficient triple-phase transmission.
The station uses water from the (Nepalese for 'streams') Kotwali, Hospital and Barbatia, channeled through a network of flumes to reservoirs, then passed down penstocks to the generators.
West Bengal State Electricity Board (WBSEB) took over operation of the station when it absorbed Darjeeling Electric Supply in 1978. In the 1980s, the station was damaged due to a landslide and remained closed for a decade, but was revived in 1997 to mark its centenary. The station has been accorded cultural heritage status by the central government.
Approaches.
There are 2 approaches to the station. The first is via Arya Tea Estate. The road to the tea factory building is well laid and accessible by vehicles, covering a distance of from Darjeeling. Beyond the tea factory, there is a steep pony track to Sidrapong Forebay. Though not completely developed, this approach offers scenic views of the tea gardens.
The second and more-popular approach is via Bloomfield tea factory, covering a stretch of . The former foot track beyond Bloomfield factory was developed by the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council to a metalled road (gravel road) with a bridge across the Kotwali Jhora to the Sidrapong Forebay.
History.
On 11 February 1896, the Municipal Commissioners of Darjeeling decided to set up a hydroelectric power station for the purpose of lighting the town. A loan of 1 lakh (100,000) was secured from the government, and a site for the power station was selected at the foot of the Arya Tea Estate at Sidrapong. The site was then a fine orchard of the Maharajah of Burdwan, who was pleased to hand it over to the municipality for the importance of the public interest. The work for the installation of a power station started immediately, with machines and equipment imported from Britain. There being no proper road communication, all equipment, machinery and materials had to be transported manually—a Herculean task, inconceivable in the present day.
The first plant consisted of two 65 kW Crompton-Brunton single-phase, 2300 volt 83.3 Hz alternators coupled with two Gunther's turbines. India's first hydroelectric power station with 2 × 65 kW capacity was commissioned on 10 November 1897 by Sir C. C. Stevens, the Acting Lieutenant Governor of Bengal. It is a noteworthy fact that the first power utility run on a commercial basis for the use of the general public in India was developed by the public sector under state patronage. The total initial cost of installation of this power station was only 1.2 lakhs (120,000 rupees).
For the first few years Darjeeling Municipality had to run Sidrapong Hydel Power Station at a loss, there being few consumers of electrical power. But as the demand grew, a 135 kW set was added in 1905 and a third 135 kW set was installed in 1909 in the same power house. A new power house was built in 1916 at a higher location, now known as Jubilee Power House. In this way, the total capacity of the station grew from 130 kW to 1000 kW. However, the limited supply of water meant that power generation could not be increased to match the growing demand of the town and of the factories at the neighbouring tea gardens. Various schemes were prepared to install a larger power station elsewhere. On January 18, 1915, while surveying for such, Municipal Engineer George P. Robertson drowned in the Great Rangeet River.
In the meantime, the demand for power grew rapidly, while the old single-phase system of supply had become out-dated as it suffered from transmission losses. On 9 June 1931, the Municipal Commissioners resolved to modernize the power supply by replacing the old machines and switching from single-phase 83 Hz to three-phase 50 Hz.
In 1931, the seven old machines of the single-phase system were replaced with five 200 kW units in the new three-phase system, one of them at the Lower Power House and four at the higher Jubilee Power House. One 200 kW set was moved in 1942 to a still lower location at Singtam (Darjeeling Singtam) Power Station. This may be called a third stage of Sindrapong since it runs in tandem with Sidrapong Power House utilising its discharge water. The present installation, therefore, consists of 3 sets of 200 kW at Sidrapong Power House plus one DC hydel generation set of 20 kW for auxiliary power.
West Bengal State Electricity Board (WBSEB) took over Sidrapong Hydel Power Station when it absorbed the Darjeeling Electric Supply Undertaking on 30 January 1978. It had been smoothly running the power station until the early 1990s when it was considered that the aging power station be converted into a heritage site.
Water sources and hydrology.
The power station is fed with water from the three (Nepalese for 'streams'): Kotwali, Hospital and Barbatia. This water is channeled through flumes constructed from black metal sheets of 1.3 mm (0.051 in, 16 gauge) thickness with masonry duct and concrete lining. The ducts are in cross-section, except where mentioned otherwise. Water from the flumes is gathered at the forebay reservoir, then fed into a penstock (a long vertical pipe) which delivers it to the gates of the turbines.
Kotwali flume.
This flume is a conduit, with a silt tank near the intake to remove sand and loose stones from the water. The minimum quantity of water available in the driest month of April is .
Hospital flume.
This flume moves alongside precipitous rocks which have been cut in places to accommodate it. This source is dirty so the flume has a silt tank at either end to screen out detritus. It provides about of water in the driest month.
Barbatia flume.
This flume is long, including a section on a suspension bridge. The conduit over the bridge is and runs alongside a footway. The Barbatia provides the largest quantity of clean water: about in the driest month. The flume has a silt tank with scour gates near its intake; in heavy rains, these gates are left partly open so that grit is automatically scoured out.
Forebay.
Water from the three flumes are collected in a 1,864-cubic-metre (410,000 imp gal, 65,860 cu ft) reservoir which is connected to a larger 5,680-cubic-metre (1.25 million imp gal, 200,000 cu ft) reservoir.
Penstocks.
Water from the smaller reservoir is passed through a underground cast-iron pipe to a pentrough , the bottom of which is on the same level as the reservoir. The water runs from the pentrough down to the gates of the turbines through steel pipes long and inside diameter. The pipes are made from double-riveted steel plate in sections with flanged joints. There are two bends in the length, one of 28 degrees at about two-thirds the way down and the other of 90 degrees just beyond the power house. The bends are of cast-iron tested to . There are no expansion joints; the pipes are kept full of water and are buried underground so that the temperature variation is small. The pipe line is connected to a steel receiver pipe, , made of plate steel. It is made in two parts, one tapered to diameter and the other part fitted with a blank end bolted on. The receiver is provided with two branches of inside diameter for the two turbines and one branch for the 20 kW auxiliary generator.
Water from the larger reservoir is fed to another penstock for a length of . This pipe is of inside diameter, assembled from steel plate in . The ends fit into loose collars, which are filled-in with lead; rings of ferro-concrete connected by iron bolts were cast round the collar-ends to prevent the lead from being blown out. The lower length is of inside diameter made from steel in . The two different sections are connected with a steel reducing piece, long.
Before entering the machines there are sluice valves with provision for a bypass valve to reduce the pressure at the time of opening the main valve. There are provisions for running all the machines from both the reservoirs separately in case of necessity by providing interconnection in the pipes along with necessary valves and gates.
Switch yard.
The switch yard is located immediately below the machine floor level on the northern part of the building. It has housed four 0.4/6.6 kV transformers.
Renovation.
For many decades, the project was ignored by the state and the private sector. Larger and modern power supply networks were developed to supply the growing populations of Darjeeling and Kalimpong. The number of workers at the power plant dwindled and the machinery fell into disrepair. During the Gorkhaland political agitation, the local residents struggled to preserve the station from rival groups seeking to demolish it. The station was damaged around this time due to a landslide and remained closed for a decade. The central government and the WBSEB revived the power station in 1997 to mark its centenary. In a special ceremony, the station was accorded cultural heritage status by the central government, with a pledge to revive the power plant. However, efforts at repairing the plant and restarting operations languished for 6 years owing to persistent technical problems and lack of attention from state authorities. The residents of the towns of Sidrapong, Risheehat, Arya and Bloomfield formed a committee on 1 December 2003 to revive and resuscitate the historic and monumental hydel project.
The oldest power plants in India.
Some of the oldest electric power plants (or stations) established in India are as follows:
These power plants have either been closed or on the brink of closure due to age and obsolescence.

</doc>
<doc id="6977184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977184" title="Sidrapong">
Sidrapong



</doc>
<doc id="6977187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977187" title="Romance comics">
Romance comics

Romance comics are a genre of comic books that were most popular during the Golden Age of Comics. The market for comics, which had been growing rapidly throughout the 1940s, began to plummet after the end of World War II when military contracts to provide disposable reading matter to servicemen ended. This left many comic creators seeking new markets. In 1947, part of an effort to tap into new adult audiences, the romance comic genre was created by Joe Simon and Jack Kirby with the Crestwood Publications title "Young Romance".
History.
As World War II ended the popularity of superhero comics diminished, and in an effort to retain readers comic publishers began diversifying more than ever into such genres as war, Western, science fiction, crime, horror and romance comics. The genre took its immediate inspiration from the romance pulps; confession magazines such as "True Story"; radio soap operas, and newspaper comic strips that focused on love, domestic strife, and heartache, such as "Rex Morgan, M.D." and "Mary Worth". Teen humor comics had romantic plots before the invention of romance comics.
Simon and Kirby's "Young Romance" debuted in 1947. In the next 30 years, over 200 issues of the flagship romance comic would be produced.
By 1950, more than 150 romance titles were on the newsstands from Quality Comics, Avon, Lev Gleason Publications, and National (DC Comics). 
The DC Comics romance line was initially overseen by Jack Miller, who also wrote many stories. (Later, a number of female editors oversaw DC's romance line, including Zena Brody and Dorothy Woolfolk.) As author Michelle Nolan writes, "National's romance line was remarkably stable and thus must have sold consistently well. Beginning in 1952, ... the company produced "Girls' Love Stories", "Girls' Romances", and "Secret Hearts" on a bi-monthly basis through late 1957, when those three titles along with "Falling in Love" began to appear eight times per year... The company picked up a fifth romance title, "Heart Throbs", ... after Quality Comics left the business in 1956." By 1970, right before the romance market collapsed, DC had seven romance titles.
Fox Feature Syndicate published over two dozen love comics with 17 featuring "My" in the title—"My Desire", "My Secret", "My Secret Affair", et al.
Charlton Comics published a wide line of romance titles, particularly after 1953 when it acquired the Fawcett Comics line, which included "Sweethearts", "Romantic Secrets", and "Romantic Story". "Sweethearts" was the comics world's first monthly romance title (debuting in 1948), and Charlton continued publishing it until 1973.
Artists known for their work on romance comics during the period included Tony Abruzzo, Matt Baker, Frank Frazetta, Everett Kinstler, Jay Scott Pike, John Prentice, John Romita, Sr., Mike Sekowsky, Leonard Starr, Alex Toth, and Wally Wood.
Decline and Golden Age demise.
In his book "Seduction of the Innocent" (1954), Fredric Wertham argued that romance comics sexualized female characters, stating that many of them used sensual images, such as accentuated breasts and hips, to attract the attention of readers, especially teenage boys, which he saw as a form of premature and inappropriate sexual stimulation.
He also mocked warnings such as “Not Intended For Children,” which, according to him, only increased youthful interest, and satirized figures such as the “super-lover,” the romantic version of superheroes. For Wertham, these magazines were even more boring than detective comics, filled with sentimentality, false feelings, and hypocrisy.
Following the implementation of the Comics Code in 1954, publishers of romance comics self-censored the content of their publications, making the stories bland and innocent with an emphasis on traditional patriarchial concepts of women's behavior, gender roles, domesticity, and marriage. When the sexual revolution questioned the values promoted in romance comics, along with the decline in comics in general, romance comics began their slow fade. DC Comics, Marvel Comics, and Charlton Comics carried a few romance titles into the middle 1970s, but the genre never regained the level of popularity it once enjoyed. The heyday of romance comics came to an end with the last issues of "Young Romance" and "Young Love" in the middle 1970s.
Charlton and DC artist and editor Dick Giordano stated in 2005: "[G]irls simply outgrew romance comics ... [The content was] too tame for the more sophisticated, sexually liberated, women's libbers [who] were able to see nudity, strong sexual content, and life the way it really was in other media. Hand-holding and pining after the cute boy on the football team just didn't do it anymore, and the Comics Code wouldn't pass anything that truly resembled real-life relationships."
Decades later, romance-themed comics made a modest resurgence with Arrow Publications' "My Romance Stories", Dark Horse Comics' manga-style adaptations of Harlequin novels, and long-running serials such as "Strangers in Paradise" — described by one reviewer as an attempt "to single-handedly update an entire genre with a new, skewed look at relationships and friendships."
In popular culture.
Pop artist Roy Lichtenstein derived many of his best-known works from the panels of romance comics:
Notable romance comics.
Reprints.
Comics historian John Benson collected and analyzed St. John Publications' romance comics in "Romance Without Tears" (Fantagraphics, 2003), focusing on the elusive comics scripter Dana Dutch, and the companion volume "Confessions, Romances, Secrets and Temptations: Archer St. John and the St. John Romance Comics" (Fantagraphics, 2007). To research the 1950s era of romance comics, Benson interviewed Ric Estrada, Joe Kubert and Leonard Starr, plus several St. John staffers, including editor Irwin Stein, production artist Warren Kremer and editorial assistant Nadine King.
In 2011, an anthology "Agonizing Love: The Golden Era of Romance Comics", edited by Michael Barson, was published by Harper Design. In 2012, many of Simon and Kirby's romance comics were reprinted by Fantagraphics in a collection entitled "Young Romance: The Best of Simon &amp; Kirby's 1940s-'50s Romance Comics", edited by Michel Gagné.
British romance comics.
Romance comics in the United Kingdom also flourished in the mid-1950s with such weekly titles as "Mirabelle" (Pearson), "Picture Romances" (Newnes/IPC), "Valentine" (Amalgamated Press), and "Romeo" (DC Thomson). All four titles lasted into the 1970s. Other British romance comics included "Marilyn" (1955–1965), "New Glamour" (1956–1958), "Roxy" (1958–1963), "Marty" (1960–1963), and "Serenade" (1962–1963); all of which eventually merged into "Valentine" and "Mirabelle" ("Valentine" itself merged into "Mirabelle" in 1974).
In 1956–1957 DC Thomson launched a line of monthly romance titles: "Blue Rosette Romances", "Golden Heart Love Stories", "Love &amp; Life Library", and "Silver Moon Romances". In April 1965, all four titles were merged into the single weekly "Star Love Stories" title, with one issue per month maintaining the cover logo from the original companion titles. "Star Love Stories", which changed its name to "Star Love Stories in Pictures" in 1976, lasted until 1990.
The photo comic romance titles "Photo Love" and "Photo Secret" debuted in 1979 and 1980 respectively. They both eventually merged into another publication.

</doc>
<doc id="6977190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977190" title="Operation Starlight">
Operation Starlight



</doc>
<doc id="6977193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977193" title="Haronium">
Haronium



</doc>
<doc id="6977194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977194" title="The saxatones">
The saxatones



</doc>
<doc id="6977196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977196" title="The georgetown saxatones">
The georgetown saxatones



</doc>
<doc id="6977200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977200" title="Hanif Omranzadeh">
Hanif Omranzadeh

Hanif Omran Zadeh (, born April 30, 1985) is an Iranian former footballer who played as a defender and current assistant coach of Naft Masjed Soleyman. He played for Pas Tehran, Pas Hamedan, Esteghlal, Malavan and Siah Jamegan Khorasan during his career.
Club career.
He started in 2007–08 seasons with Pas and finally moved to Esteghlal in July 2009. On 1 June 2012, he extended his contract with Esteghlal until 2016. After 4 seasons with the club Omranzadeh left Esteghlal and joined newly promoted club Sanat Naft Abadan.
Youth career.
Omran Zadeh joined Shahin Tehran in 1998 and played there for 2 years.
Senior career.
Omranzadeh's first season in the Persian Gulf Pro League was with Pas Tehran which was coached by Majid Jalali at the time. He won his first league title that year. After spending one season with Pas Tehran he joined Malavan F.C on loan which was coached by Nosrat Irandoost. One year later he came back to Pas Tehran for 2005-2006 season. When Pas was moved to Hamedan in 2006, Omranzadeh followed and spent two seasons there. In 2008 he joined Esteghlal where he played under managers such as: Amir Ghalenoei, Abdolsamad Marfavi and Parviz Mazloomi. He played a total of 203 matches for Esteghlal and found the net 13 times. In 2016 he joined Khoone be KHoone F.C which compete in Azadegan League and played under Hadi Marzban for 4 months. In 2016-17 season he joined Sabaye Qom F.C to play under Samad Marfavi again. In 2017-18 season which was his last season as professional football player he joined Siah Jamegan Khorasan F.C to play under Reza Enayati.
Omranzadeh won Persian Gulf Pro League twice with Esteghlal and once with Pas Tehran. He also won Iran's Hazfi Cup once with Esteghlal in 2012. In 2013 he was selected for team of the tournament along with his teammate Javad Nekounam and played a role in Esteghlal's third place triumph in AFC Champions league.
Retirement.
Omranzadeh's last season as a professional player in Iranian football league was with Siah Jamegan Khorasan F.C during 2016-17 season, which ended by being relegated to Azadegan League. On November 14, 2018, he officially announced his retirement with an open letter.
International career.
Omranzadeh received his first national call in 2003 where he played in Iran's under-17 national team under Hamid Alidoosti. Omranzadeh played for Iran's under-23 national team as well which was coached by René Simões and Vinko Begović. He also played for Iran's national team. Between 2009 and 2010 he made 4 appearances for Iran's national team.
He was called up by Afshin Ghotbi for the final three matches in 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification but did not play any match. He made senior his debut on 7 September 2010 against Korea Republic. He went on to make three appearances for Iran in the 2010 WAFF Championship.
Honours.
Club.
Pas Tehran
Esteghlal

</doc>
<doc id="6977213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977213" title="Energy healing">
Energy healing



</doc>
<doc id="6977217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977217" title="Nasal cycle">
Nasal cycle

The nasal cycle is the subconscious alternating partial congestion and decongestion of the nasal cavities in humans and other animals. This results in greater airflow through one nostril with periodic alternation between the nostrils. It is a physiological congestion of the nasal conchae, also called the nasal turbinates (curled bony projections within the nasal cavities), due to selective activation of one half of the autonomic nervous system by the hypothalamus. It should not be confused with pathological nasal congestion.
Description.
In the modern western literature, it was first described by the German physician Richard Kayser in 1895.
In 1927, Heetderks described the alternating turgescence of the inferior turbinates in 80% of a normal population. According to Heetderks, the cycle is the result of alternating congestion and decongestion of the nasal conchae or turbinates, predominantly the inferior turbinates, which are by far the largest of the turbinates in each nasal fossa. Turbinates consist of bony projections covered by erectile tissue, much like the tissues of the penis and clitoris. The turbinates in one fossa fill up with blood while the opposite turbinates decongest by shunting blood away. This cycle, which is controlled by the autonomic nervous system, has a mean duration of two and a half hours but varies widely with age, body-posture, and other conditions. He further observed and documented that the turbinates in the dependent nasal fossa fill when the patient is lying down. The nasal cycle is an alternation in both time and between left and right sides, with the total resistance in the nose remaining constant. In patients with a fixed septal deviation and intermittent nasal obstruction, the interplay of the nasal cycle becomes evident; the sensation of obstruction frequently mirrors the congestion phase.
It is possible that the nasal cycle may exacerbate the nasal congestion caused by the common cold, as the lack of motility of the cilia in one half of the nose may lead to an uncomfortable sensation of not being able to shift mucus by blowing the nose.
Benefits for breathing.
It has been shown that the cilia of the congested side suspend their motility until that side decongests. Thus the cycle ensures that one side of the nose is always moist, to facilitate humidification, which is one of the three functions of the nose, the other two being filtration and warming of inspired air prior to its entering the lungs.
Benefits for olfaction.
The asymmetric airflow through both nostrils may have some benefit to overall olfactory sensitivity. So some odor chemicals bind with olfactory receptors easily, even under conditions of high airflow, while other odors need more time, under low airflow conditions, to bind with receptors. By consequence, with high airflow on one side and low airflow on the other side, the olfactory center may detect a greater range of smells.
Distinction.
The nasal cycle should not be confused with pathological nasal congestion: individuals with normal nasal breathing usually do not realize their breathing is asymmetric unless there is underlying nasal obstruction. In pathological conditions, however, the nasal cycle may influence the symptoms.
Research on the effects.
A 1994 study suggested that breathing through alternate nostrils can affect brain hemisphere symmetry on EEG topography. A later study in 2007 showed that this cycle (as well as manipulation through forced nostril breathing on one side) has an effect on endogenous ultradian rhythms of the autonomic and central nervous system.
However, more recent research has shown no statistically significant association between spontaneously (i.e., not forced) dominant nostril and active brain hemisphere.

</doc>
<doc id="6977218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977218" title="William Davis (miner)">
William Davis (miner)

William Davis (June 3, 1887 — June 11, 1925) was a coal miner from Cape Breton Island. He was born in Gloucestershire, England and killed by a police officer during a union labour action in New Waterford, Nova Scotia. His name is well-remembered in Nova Scotia due to the annual observance of William Davis Miners' Memorial Day in recognition of Davis and also of all miners killed in the province's coal mines. 
Early life.
Davis was a coal miner from a young age. His father worked in the mines at Springhill, Nova Scotia, and his older brother, then fourteen years old, was killed in the 1891 explosion there. Davis began working for the Dominion Coal Company Limited (DOMCO) in 1905 at various collieries in the Sydney coalfield in Cape Breton, eventually graduating to become a pumpman and a roadmaker, lastly at the No. 12 Colliery in New Waterford. He married in 1907 and, by 1925, was raising a family of nine children. His wife, Myrtle, was carrying a tenth child due in September.
BESCO and District 26.
The DOMCO mines were subsumed by the British Empire Steel Corporation (BESCO) in 1920. BESCO management, under Roy Wolvin, soon began a targeted campaign to break the miners' union, organized under the United Mine Workers of America (UMW), District 26. 
There were many small strikes in the Sydney coalfield between 1920 and 1925, but the longest, in 1925, lasted from March to August. When the latest contract expired on January 15, 1925, BESCO refused to deal with the union and on March 2 cut off credit at the company stores. The union went on strike four days later, with 12,000 miners manning the picket lines, leaving a small workforce to maintain the mines and keep them from flooding. Despite the economic hardship which saw families come to the brink of starvation by June, the miners' resolve was strong. 
When BESCO refused arbitration, the union adopted a policy of 100 per cent picketing. This included shutting down operations at the pumping station and power plant at Waterford Lake, which would prevent the company from resuming operations in that district. On June 10, BESCO tasked its company police force to return to Waterford Lake with thirty company workers and continue its plan to restart the water and electricity to its facilities and to the parts of town that had the benefit of running water and power. 
The following morning on June 11, the company police began a patrol pattern of intimidation which led to small clashes throughout town, culminating in a protest by 700 to 3,000 striking miners who marched on the Waterford Lake in an attempt to persuade the company workers to support the strike. The company police were staring down the miners at 11:00 AM when the police charged the crowd, firing over 300 shots and injuring many. One police officer shot deliberately at Davis, piercing his heart and killing him within minutes. 
The company police force then retreated as the miners swarmed the facility. The coal miners also began attacking company stores and other coal company properties in the Sydney coalfield, resulting in the deployment of the provincial police force and almost 2,000 soldiers from the Canadian Army - the second-largest military deployment for an internal conflict in Canadian history after the North-West Rebellion of 1885. 
Davis's funeral was held on June 14 with 5,000 mourners in attendance, the largest ever held for a funeral in New Waterford. BESCO police officer Joseph MacLeod appeared at a preliminary hearing in Sydney on a charge of murder, relating to Davis' shooting death. However, the Crown prosecutor dropped charges and agreed with the defence that the identity of the shooter was unknown and that MacLeod should not be singled out of the many police officers involved that day. However, it was known that Davis was shot by BESCO police officer Harry Muldoon. The day after William Davis was shot, Harry Muldoon and his family were relocated to Boston, Massachusetts for their own personal safety, to begin a new life.
BESCO eventually accepted government intervention and agreed to settle the strike. BESCO gave up its attempts to break District 26 UMW, which by then had grown to become one of the most militant labour organizations on the continent. The company was eventually taken over and merged into a larger conglomerate in 1930 called the Dominion Steel and Coal Corporation (DOSCO), but Industrial Cape Breton remained a hotbed of labour activism
Davis Day and memorials.
UMWA District 26 supported establishing a fund for the Davis family and their mother, as well as designating every June 11 as an "idle day" in his memory. The first Davis Day, on June 11, 1926 saw many Cape Breton miners refuse to work, parading instead to the union hall in New Waterford and then to a local church for a memorial service. Davis Day spread throughout District 26 in the ensuing years and became universally observed by miners throughout Nova Scotia, although it did not become a paid holiday until 1969. Davis' widow, Myrtle (MacPherson) Davis, and his family received a monthly sum from the UMWA fund, with which she was able to purchase a headstone for her husband's grave; she died in 1955 and is buried with him.
In addition to Davis Day, New Waterford has "Davis Square" which was established in 1985. The Davis Wilderness Trail was established in 1996 and follows the route taken by the miners on June 11, 1925 to the Waterford Lake pumping station and power plant.

</doc>
<doc id="6977225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977225" title="Bankura Unnayani Institute of Engineering">
Bankura Unnayani Institute of Engineering

The Bankura Unnayani Institute of Engineering or BUIE is a private (TEQUIP-II funded) sponsored engineering college in West Bengal, India providing under-graduate as well as post-graduate courses in engineering and technology disciplines. It was established in 1998 as the first engineering college in Bankura district.The college is affiliated with Maulana Abul Kalam Azad University of Technology and all the programmes are approved by the All India Council for Technical Education.
The campus is located at Subhankar Nagar, Puabagan, Bankura.
Academics.
The institute offers seven undergraduate courses:-
The following Postgraduate Degree Programs are offered:-

</doc>
<doc id="6977226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977226" title="Black ivory">
Black ivory



</doc>
<doc id="6977228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977228" title="List of EA games">
List of EA games



</doc>
<doc id="6977232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977232" title="Charles Cecil Stevens">
Charles Cecil Stevens

Sir Charles Cecil Stevens (5 July 1840, Tahiti – 24 March 1909) was an Australian civil servant who was the lieutenant governor of the province of Bengal, representing the British Raj in India. He is credited for having supervised the foundation of the Sidrapong Hydel Power Station, the first of its kind in Asia.
He was educated at the University of Melbourne. He died in Kensington in 1909 following a bout of influenza.

</doc>
<doc id="6977237" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977237" title="Sandy Archibald">
Sandy Archibald

Alexander Archibald (23 November 1896 – 29 November 1946) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Raith Rovers, Rangers and Scotland. He was later secretary/manager of Raith and Dunfermline Athletic.
Playing career.
Club.
Initially employed as a miner in Fife, Archibald became a full professional when he joined Rangers at the age of 19 from Raith Rovers in 1917. He made his debut in a 2–0 defeat to Old Firm rivals Celtic in the Glasgow Merchants Charity Cup final in May 1917. The following season he was an ever-present as Rangers won the League title for the first time in five seasons.
Archibald went on to win thirteen league titles in his seventeen seasons with the Glasgow club. He also won three Scottish Cup medals, the first of which in 1928 was Rangers' first in 25 years and Archibald scored twice in the final as Rangers defeated Celtic 4–0 at Hampden. His final appearance was in a 1–1 draw away to Queen's Park on 30 April 1934. He made 625 appearances for Rangers in all competitions.
International.
Archibald won a total of 8 caps for Scotland over an 11-year period, although most of his selections occurred between his 1921 debut and 1924. After a seven-year hiatus, he earned a recall for the matches against England in 1931 and 1932. He scored once for his country, against Wales in February 1922. Archibald also played for the Scottish League XI.
Managerial career.
After his playing retirement he rejoined Raith Rovers as secretary/manager, a role he held for over five years. He joined the Kirkcaldy side's Fife rivals Dunfermline in October 1939 and performed a similar combined managerial role for them until his death in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="6977241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977241" title="Merry, Girl of 1000 Gimmicks">
Merry, Girl of 1000 Gimmicks



</doc>
<doc id="6977245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977245" title="Justin Strzelczyk">
Justin Strzelczyk

Justin Conrad Strzelczyk (August 18, 1968 – September 30, 2004) was an American professional football offensive tackle who played nine full seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the Pittsburgh Steelers from 1990 to 1998. His death, at age 36, helped spark a debate in the NFL about the link between playing football and chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE). He is one of at least 345 NFL players to be diagnosed after death with this disease, which is caused by repeated hits to the head.
Early life.
Strzelczyk was born and grew up in West Seneca, New York. His father Connie "Big Bird" Strzelczyk was a 6-foot-4 basketball standout player at Montana State University, from 1958 to 1960. He later returned to Buffalo where he became a school teacher and a painting contractor in the summer breaks. His father and mother, Mary Joyce, separated when Strzelczyk was 7. 
Mary Joyce later called Strzelczyk's father a "tremendous influence" in sports. Growing up Strzelczyk played hockey, football, and basketball. He also was a baseball pitcher until shoulder pain prevented him from throwing anymore.
He attended West Seneca West Senior High School and was a local basketball star. As a forward, Strzelczyk averaged 21 points a game as a junior and 22 as a senior, earning all-Western New York honors. Despite his love for football, Strzelczyk was set on playing basketball in college. However Strzelczyk's dad, who had played college basketball only to end up teaching, convinced him that he had a better future in football.
On October 16, 2009, West Seneca West High School retired Strzelczyk's football jersey #46. He was a member of the high school's graduating class of 1986.
College career.
Strzelczyk went on to play football at the University of Maine. The school won two Yankee Conference titles during Strzelczyk's time on the team. Teammates stated that he hated steroids and made his weight through eating and weight training. He was given the nickname "Jughead", after the Archie comics character. In January 1990, he played in the East-West Shrine Game held in California. There he impressed then-Steelers coach, Chuck Noll, who drafted Strzelczyk in the 11th round of the 1990 NFL draft.
Pittsburgh Steelers.
He made the Pittsburgh Steelers roster after the team's 1990 training camp and moved to Plum, and then Ross Township. Strzelczyk played on the Steelers special teams during his first two seasons. However, when right tackle Tunch Ilkin was injured and missed four games in 1992, Strzelczyk leaped into starting duty. He then started 75 of the 133 games he played and started at every line position, except center. During games, he would pick up the red phone on the Steelers' sideline and scream at the team's offensive coordinator, from Ron Erhardt to Chan Gailey to Ray Sherman: "Run the damn ball!" He played a key role in getting the Steelers to Super Bowl XXX.
In May 1998 Strzelczyk's father died after being paralyzed in a drunk-driving crash. Five months later, during a Monday Night Football game, against the Kansas City Chiefs, Strzelczyk had a quadriceps tear that required season-ending surgery two days later. He then injured his knee again in a bar fight in March 1999, which required further surgery, ending his next season as well. The Steelers placed him on injured reserve and paid him $187,000, a fraction of the $1.5 million he was scheduled to earn. Then, he tore his biceps on January 24, 2000, celebrating a hockey game. The string of injuries prompted the Steelers to waive Strzelczyk.
Music video.
Strzelczyk appeared in the 1997 Adam Sandler music video, "The Lonesome Kicker". There, Strzelczyk plays himself as he steals the kicker's "snow shoe" and taunts him throughout the video along with fellow Steeler teammates Jerome Bettis, Greg Lloyd, and Kordell Stewart.
Personal life.
Strzelczyk took up riding Harley-Davidson motorcycles after signing with the Steelers. When he purchased his first bike at a bike-purchase celebration with teammates Ariel Solomon and Jerry Olsavsky in Oakland, Strzelczyk rammed into a couple of parked cars, denting only the fuel tank and his bike. He also took up the guitar and banjo, watching videos, reading books, cribbage and day trading as well. In early 1993, he married his wife Keana, and the couple had two children, before a divorce in 2001. Strzelczyk was known to be a heavy drinker, like his father Connie.
After being waived by the Steelers, Strzelczyk hunted for ways to fill the time. He began cooking chicken wings and barbecue sauces. He also rode his motorcycle to the motorcycle rally in Sturgis, South Dakota. He skied, played music, acted in two plays, and he wrote a book titled "Balance", his theory about evening out life's enjoyments and stresses. He even once wrote a check for $17,000 to fund a daycare. He also invested in several businesses that failed, losing hundreds of thousands of dollars, although the monetary losses did not cripple his finances.
Strzelczyk had several issues with the police after his career ended. In November 2000, Strzelczyk was arrested and charged with carrying a firearm without a permit. The handgun belonged to a friend of his, with whom he had gotten into a discussion over gun control and briefly brandished the weapon. He was acquitted eight-and-a-half months later. In early 2003, he was cited for DUI and his driver's license was suspended for one year. The sentence was later reduced to two months. In late 2003, Strzelczyk suddenly swore off alcohol and all drugs, even prescription medication.
Death.
Strzelczyk was supposed to arrive in Orchard Park, New York, for a fundraiser that weekend. He packed only $2,600-plus in cash and some crucifixes. His cell phone was left at his home. He died in a car crash in Herkimer, New York, when he hit a tank truck driven by 60-year-old Harold Jackson (who was injured in the collision) while driving against the flow of traffic to evade capture by the New York State Police after a 40-mile (64 km) chase along the New York State Thruway. He was 36 years old.
He was buried at the Saint Stanislaus Roman Catholic Cemetery in Cheektowaga, New York.
Chronic traumatic encephalopathy.
It was initially thought that Strzelczyk was under the influence of alcohol or other drugs due to his irrational behavior, but that was disproved by toxicity tests. A postmortem autopsy revealed that he had brain damage, due to his years of playing football. This incident sparked a debate about the seriousness of concussions at the National Football League Summit in June 2007 when neuropathologist Bennet Omalu linked the death of Strzelczyk to chronic traumatic encephalopathy like three other retired NFL players—Mike Webster, Andre Waters and Terry Long.
In 2007, Strzelczyk's mother, Mary Strzelczyk, granted Omalu permission to examine her son's brain. Strzelczyk was played by Matt Willig in the 2015 film "Concussion." The film depicted the efforts of Omalu, who fought against the efforts by the NFL to suppress his research on the brain damage suffered by professional football players called chronic traumatic encephalopathy, a disease that football players get from taking constant hits to the head and causing damage to the brain.

</doc>
<doc id="6977246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977246" title="Wormer">
Wormer

Wormer is a town in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Wormerland, and lies about 13 km northwest of Amsterdam.
The town is situated in the Zaan district, on the eastern side of the river Zaan, across from Wormerveer. The town is surrounded by the nature area Wormer- en Jisperveld.
The village of Oostknollendam, the polder Schaalsmeer (reclaimed in 1631), the polder Enge Wormer (reclaimed in 1634) and a part of the Markerpolder also historically belong to the area of Wormer.
Wormer, together with Engewormer (Wormer c.a.), was a separate municipality until 1991, when it became a part of the new municipality of Wormerland.
History.
The inhabitants of Wormer repulsed several attacks of the Frisians and West Frisians in 1280. Floris V, Count of Holland rewarded this with an exemption from paying toll in Holland, an important privilege at that time.
Important skirmishes between Spanish troops and the Geuzen took place in Wormer during the Eighty Years' War. At Whitsunday (Pentecost) 30 May 1574, 1400 Spanish soldiers tried to capture Wormer and Jisp. They were crushingly defeated by a combined force of locals, Geuzen and filibusters, bringing an end to the Spanish tyranny in the Waterland area.
In the following century Wormer became very prosperous from the production of beschuit (rusk). At least 130 bakeries in the town were once supplying the countless ships of the Dutch East India Company. Other important industrial activities in the town during this period were the production of starch and the processing of whale blubber. At least 66 windmills were once built in Wormer, but nowadays only one windmill (de Koker) has been preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="6977247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977247" title="Jamie Guy">
Jamie Guy

Jamie Leslie Guy (born 1 August 1987) is an English former professional footballer who played as a forward. He played in the English Football League before dropping into non-League football following injury problems.
He enjoyed a six-year career with Colchester United between 2004 and 2010, playing on loan for Tiptree United, Gravesend &amp; Northfleet, Cambridge United, Oxford United, Dagenham &amp; Redbridge, and Port Vale. Following a brief spell with Conference club Grays Athletic in 2010, he moved on to Braintree Town of the Conference South. He won promotion in his first season with the club but suffered a double open fractured leg in a match against Eastleigh. He played on loan at Thurrock in 2011–12 to aid his recovery. He later played for non-League sides Maldon &amp; Tiptree, Needham Market, Heybridge Swifts, Bishop's Stortford, Witham Town, Billericay Town, Brentwood Town, VCD Athletic, Great Wakering Rovers, Stanway Rovers, Ware, Holland, Walthamstow, Debenham LC and Witham Town.
Career.
Colchester United and first convictions.
Guy was born in Barking. He joined the Colchester United youth team, turning professional at the club in 2004. At the start of the 2004–05 season, Guy joined non-League Tiptree United on a one-month loan. He returned to parent club Colchester to make his senior debut at Layer Road in a 1–0 defeat to Blackpool on 5 February 2005 as an 82nd-minute substitute. Three weeks later he played the last two minutes of a 2–0 defeat away at Hull City.
Starting the 2005–06 season, Guy joined Gravesend &amp; Northfleet on loan for October; however, after making his debut as a second-half substitute in a 2–2 draw with York City at Stonebridge Road, he played no further part in the club's Conference National campaign. Back with Colchester, he got his first start in a Football League Trophy game at Milton Keynes Dons. In February, he returned to the Conference on loan with Cambridge United. He scored his first goal in a 1–0 defeat of Woking on 4 March and on 4 April scored a last-minute winning goal at the Abbey Stadium against Exeter City. He spent mid-March back at Layer Road, playing both legs of the League Trophy Southern final clash with eventual winners Swansea City.
He spent all of the 2006–07 season with Colchester in the Championship. He scored his first senior goal in the 2–1 defeat to West Bromwich Albion on 19 August. Also, he scored late goals against Coventry City and league leaders Cardiff City. Colchester ended the 2006–07 campaign in tenth place, the best league finish in the club's history. In July, he signed an extended contract with the club. The following season he featured less frequently, making only 12 appearances.
In June 2007, Guy was fined £550 after pleading guilty to creating a disturbance in the Colchester town centre the previous month. He also received a twelve-month ban for drink driving in July 2008 and a further £100 fine for fighting in a car park.
In need of regular football, Guy joined Conference club Oxford United on a season-long loan deal from Colchester United in July 2008. During the pre-season, Guy was in good form, giving manager Darren Patterson cause for optimism. However, in a pre-season friendly with Portsmouth he suffered a hamstring injury, before also suffering a minor ankle injury. These injuries frustrated attempts to build a strike partnership with James Constable. Following Patterson's departure in late November, Guy was unsure of his future at the Kassam Stadium. A few days later he scored two goals in a game for the first time, in the FA Trophy game with Sudbury and was praised by caretaker manager Jim Smith. However, upon Chris Wilder's entrance, Guy departed, as he was recalled to Layer Road at the end of the year. After four games under new Colchester manager Paul Lambert, he joined League Two promotion contenders Dagenham &amp; Redbridge, initially on a one-month loan. He made his debut for the club on 3 March, coming on as a late substitute in a 3–0 home defeat to Lincoln City. After scoring the only goal in a league match against Port Vale at Vale Park seven days later, the "Daggers" were keen to extend the deal to the end of the season, which Colchester duly obliged to.
In July 2009, he joined Port Vale on trial, intending to earn a loan move for the start of the 2009–10 season. Guy was especially keen on this prospect, but the deal fell through after he tore cartilage in his knee, requiring surgery to correct the damage.
In September 2009, Guy pled guilty to threatening behaviour and was given a £350 fine, with £200 costs and compensation, after assaulting his ex-girlfriend in an incident in a nightclub in which he "spat in her face and pulled her around by her hair, causing a clump of her hair to come out".
Guy faced no disciplinary action from his club following this conviction, and the proposed loan deal went ahead the following month to run until January 2010. The deal was cut short in November, after five games.
Non-League.
On 19 January 2010, he had his contract at Colchester ended by mutual consent, and signed for Conference National side Grays Athletic two days later. He was released at the end of the 2009–10 season, and subsequently signed for Conference South club Braintree Town in July 2010. Braintree won promotion to the Conference National as champions of the Conference South. However, it was a season hampered by injury for Guy.
During pre-season, Guy suffered another ankle injury after he broke a bone in the joint. In February 2011, he suffered a traumatic injury in a collision with Eastleigh goalkeeper Gareth Barfoot; Guy was left with a double open leg fracture and broken tibia and fibula. Braintree Town and Colchester United organized a benefit match for Guy on 16 July 2011 at Cressing Road, as Guy continued his rehabilitation.
He joined Conference South club Thurrock on a one-month loan in November 2011. Upon his return to Cressing Road he pledged to repay Braintree for standing by him during his recovery. Guy signed with Isthmian League side Maldon &amp; Tiptree in August 2012. The club achieved a second-place finish in Division One North in 2012–13, but lost the play-off final to Thamesmead Town. He signed a two-year contract with league rivals Needham Market in summer 2013. He was transfer listed in December by manager Mark Morsley.
In January 2014, he signed for Heybridge Swifts. He signed with Bishop's Stortford in the Conference South in June 2014, having rejected an approach from Witham Town. He went on to re-sign with Grays Athletic 15 August, having failed to make a competitive appearance for Bishop's Stortford.
Guy left Grays in December 2014, having scored eight goals in 24 appearances in all competitions. He then joined Witham Town on 8 December, and Harlow Town in March 2015. In July 2015 Guy signed for Isthmian League side Billericay Town, Brentwood Town in August 2015, and Heybridge Swifts again in December 2015.
June 2016: further conviction for domestic abuse, continued career in non-league.
In June 2016, he was given a suspended prison sentence after he pled guilty to assault by beating (common assault) and using violence to secure entry to a property after an attack on his then-girlfriend five months earlier.
In August 2016 he joined VCD Athletic, and in January 2017 league rivals Great Wakering Rovers before returning to VCD Athletic in March 2017.
Stanway Rovers signed Guy in June 2017. On 18 November 2017, he made his debut for Ware in the Isthmian League North Division. He was released the following month, as Craig Edwards took over the manager role of the club. He re-united with Holland joint-manager and former Stanway Rovers coach Jon Willis, as he made his debut for Eastern Counties League Division One club Holland in a 3–1 defeat at Framlingham Town on 6 January 2018.
He also featured for Sunday league team Marquis in the Colchester &amp; District Football League during the 2017–18 season.
In June 2018, he joined Walthamstow in the Essex Senior League. On 21 September 2018, he signed for Debenham LC of the Eastern Counties League Division One North. Guy then rejoined Witham Town in July 2019.
Honours.
Braintree Town

</doc>
<doc id="6977256" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977256" title="Jaicen Solo">
Jaicen Solo



</doc>
<doc id="6977257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977257" title="Gimmick Girl">
Gimmick Girl



</doc>
<doc id="6977260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977260" title="Thomas Morgan (footballer)">
Thomas Morgan (footballer)

Thomas Morgan (born 30 March 1977) is an Irish former footballer.
Career.
Morgan had made his first appearance in the green shirt for the under-15s - against Northern Ireland in Belfast, as captain under manager Joe McGrath and had also played at under-16 and under-18.
Thomas Morgan came to prominence during the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championships where he captained the Irish team which won the bronze medal. During those championships he lined up alongside the like of Damien Duff to face players like Juan Román Riquelme and Esteban Cambiasso of Argentina. At that time he was on the books of Blackburn Rovers and was highly regarded by the club having signed on his sixteenth birthday. There were offers to play with English lower league clubs but Morgan decided to return to Ireland and signed for St Patrick's Athletic where he won back to back league titles in '98 and '99.
Morgan moved to Newry Town F.C. in the Irish League making a scoring debut at Omagh Town on 26 August 2000.
He returned to the League of Ireland where he spent time with Bray Wanderers (39 total appearances), Shelbourne (where he won back to back league titles in '03 and '04) and Dundalk before joining Kildare County at the beginning of the 2006 season.
His first cousin is Wesley Hoolahan.

</doc>
<doc id="6977261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977261" title="DIGITAL Q1">
DIGITAL Q1

The Digital Q1 was a FUJIFILM digital camera model announced in 2003.
Its expected street price was listed at around £100.
Features.
The Digital Q1 is a compact 2 megapixel digital camera described as a budget beginners camera. The camera has 3 resolutions, plus a function to record compressed, low-resolution video (AVI format). It can be used as a webcam via the USB port. The DIGITAL Q1 is a low-cost, beginners model – only date and time need to be set. A 16 Mbyte xD card is included. The camera includes a battery-backed clock, allowing time and date to be included in the Exif record, which also includes shutter times. There are menu options to adjust brightness (and other) parameters, with little effect – the firmware aligns to a medium result.
Reception.
Computer Active criticized the lack of optical zoom and plastic body, and rated the camera 3 out of 5 stars, saying: "As a fun snapper for holidays, nights out, or maybe as a first camera for the kids, it has plenty going for it. Serious photo fans should keep shopping."

</doc>
<doc id="6977264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977264" title="Ulmus 'Morton Glossy'">
Ulmus 'Morton Glossy'

"Ulmus" 'Morton Glossy' (selling name ) is a hybrid cultivar raised by the Morton Arboretum, Illinois. Originally named 'Charisma' until it was realized that name had already been registered for another plant, the tree was derived from a crossing of two other hybrid cultivars grown at the Morton: and . Tested in the US National Elm Trial coordinated by Colorado State University, averaged a survival rate of 86% after 10 years. was introduced to the UK in 2006 by the Frank P. Matthews nursery in Worcestershire.
Description.
 has been promoted in the United States as "strong and symmetrical" in growth and habit . However, its performance in the southern United States has not impressed, and it was dismissed as "ugly" by Michael Dirr, Professor of Horticulture at the University of Georgia , on account of its "wild" growth and splaying branches. It is similar in stature to the American Elm and has leaves that are a deep glossy green when mature, &lt; 10 cm in length by 5 cm broad, with rough upper surface and finely toothed margins. The samara is comparatively small, &lt; 10 mm long by 8 mm wide, the seed central. In trials in the UK, was found to be the first elm cultivar to flush in spring, and the first to shed its leaves in the fall, usually by early October. The tree grew poorly on thin soils over clay, which became very dry in summer, but excelled on floodplain alluvium subjected to brief periods of inundation in winter.
Pests and diseases.
 has a resistance to Dutch elm disease, but is highly susceptible to attack by elm leaf beetle "Xanthogaleruca luteola" and Japanese beetle.
Cultivation.
In commerce, is usually propagated by grafting onto an "Ulmus pumila" rootstock. The tree, under its original name of 'Charisma', featured in the elm trials conducted by Northern Arizona University at Holbrook, eastern Arizona. is very cold-hardy; in artificial freezing tests at the arboretum the LT50 (temp. at which 50% of tissues die) was found to be −40 °C.
The tree is currently being evaluated in the National Elm Trial coordinated by Colorado State University. was briefly in commerce in the UK, where 180 trees were sold in 2006; several specimens were acquired for assessment by "Butterfly Conservation" in Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="6977266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977266" title="Mitiță Constantinescu">
Mitiță Constantinescu

Mitiţă Constantinescu (October 20, 1890—1946) was a Romanian economist and liberal politician. He was an advocate of industrialization and a degree of "dirigisme".
Biography.
Born in Bucharest, he graduated from the Gheorghe Lazăr High School and from the University of Bucharest's Faculty of Law. Applying for a doctorate in Paris, Constantinescu was forced to postpone it after Romania entered World War I, being drafted into the Romanian Army.
In 1918, he was awarded his first high-ranking administrative position, as chief of staff in the Ministry of Industry and Commerce in the National Liberal Party (PNL) cabinet of Ion I. C. Brătianu; Constantinescu held the office of General Secretary in of the Ministry of Agriculture and Royal Domains in a new Brătianu administration (1922–1926), was a PNL deputy for Hunedoara County in 1927-1933, and, between 1935 and 1940, Governor of the National Bank of Romania. In 1939, under the authoritarian regime established by King Carol II and his National Renaissance Front, he was Romania's Minister of Finance.
Retreating from public life during World War II, in protest against Ion Antonescu's fascist dictatorship ("see Romania during World War II"), Constantinescu was a member of Romania's Gheorghe Tătărescu-led delegation to the Paris Peace Conference (1946). During his later years, he became close to the Romanian Communist Party, created a minor political party named "Liga Patrioţilor" (League of Patriots) which described itself as "progressive" (and was ultimately led by the communist Petre Constantinescu-Iaşi), and authored a volume supportive of Stalinism and the Soviet Union ("Continentul URSS", "The USSR Continent").
A hall at the National Bank is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="6977273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977273" title="Mitita Constantinescu">
Mitita Constantinescu



</doc>
<doc id="6977278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977278" title="Disch-Falk Field">
Disch-Falk Field



</doc>
<doc id="6977289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977289" title="Operation Frantic">
Operation Frantic

Operation Frantic was a series of seven shuttle bombing operations during World War II conducted by American aircraft based in Great Britain and southern Italy, which landed at three Soviet airfields in the Ukrainian SSR. From there, the planes flew bombing missions en route back to their bases in Italy and Great Britain.
Frantic was meant to open up new German-held areas of Europe to strategic bombing by the United States Army Air Forces, but saw mixed results, with German leadership perceiving the operation as an American propaganda campaign to impress the Soviets. Frantic also highlighted significant tensions between the Western Allies and the Soviet Union, which proved both unfamiliar with and unfriendly to hosting foreign aircraft for joint operations. After its seventh bombing mission, in mid-September 1944, Frantic was discontinued.
Overview.
American plans to use air bases in the USSR began as United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) staff studies soon after the German invasion on 22 June 1941. After the Japanese attack on the United States on 7 December, the concept was expanded to hit the Japanese Home Islands from Siberia. However, Soviet air cooperation was negligible through 1942, and it was not until the Foreign Ministers' conference (Moscow Conference) in Moscow in October 1943 that the American delegation raised the issue formally with Foreign Commissar Vyacheslav Molotov.
At the Tehran Conference in late November 1943, President Franklin D. Roosevelt personally proposed the use of Soviet bases by American aircraft to Marshal Joseph Stalin. In this he was assisted by a personal appeal from his son, Colonel Elliott Roosevelt, also in attendance, who requested the bases for use of his reconnaissance aircraft then operating from Italy.
The position papers given to Stalin emphasized both reconnaissance and bombardment operations, and Stalin agreed to proceed with the plan "in principle." American heavy bombers stationed in Britain and Italy would fly strike missions deep into the heart of Nazi territory or occupied Eastern Europe. Afterwards, they would land at American air bases in newly recovered Soviet territory, re-arm and re-fuel, and then attack other targets on their return flights.
Operation Frantic, originally known as Operation Baseball, was intended to permanently establish three heavy bomber groups in Soviet territory, but only a small contingent, about 1,300 men, was eventually detached to the American bases in the USSR.
During the four months of major operations, 24 targets in German-held territory—some never before within effective range of the American strategic bomber forces—were attacked.
While the shuttle bombing technique complicated German air defenses, in practice most targets were already coming in reach of US bomber streams from Italy and England. Soviet vetoing of some targets prevented more effective use of the bases.
The operations were reduced and finally discontinued due to a number of issues; a catastrophic German air attack on the bases in June; Soviet hostility and non-cooperation that started in August; and the inability of the Americans to receive permission to use the bases for support of the Warsaw Uprising or for repatriation of American POWs from Soviet territory, which soured relations between the two countries.
The main operational difficulty encountered by the US forces was inadequate force protection by the Soviets. The Soviets refused US requests to introduce adequate radar-guided artillery and night fighter support, and US aircraft were frequently fired upon by Soviet forces.
The three bases reached their peak in July and August 1944, with a firmly limited complement of 1,300 US officers and men. By October, operations were put on a "skeleton crew" basis, with a winter contingent at Poltava only of about 300. Americans remained there until evacuation after VE Day.
Operation Frantic has greater historical importance for the development of Soviet-American relations than for its effect on Germany's war effort. Although it started out with high hopes, it eventually set a discordant note that foreshadowed the Cold War.
Objectives.
The ability to hit distant German targets was not the only, or even the primary, American objective for Operation Frantic. The political and military leadership wanted also to set a precedent and practical basis for later bombing of Japan from Siberia after the USSR opened the second front in the Pacific. Additionally, they wanted to provide a model for developing trust and cooperation between the two powers, which was deemed essential to establishing amicable post-war relations; and to develop close cooperation and exchanges in technology and research, specifically telecommunications, meteorology, air reconnaissance, and air transport networks.
After approval was given by Moscow in February 1944, a rapid buildup followed. Staff exchanges were made; the first "echelons" of American personnel began to arrive; and a US delegation flew to Moscow in an operational B-17, which was used to demonstrate American bombing tactics to the Soviets. A USAAF Eastern Command (General Alfred Kessler) was established at Poltava, operating in parallel with the new American Military Mission to Moscow (General John R. Deane).
When a high-level US delegation led by United States Strategic Air Forces (USSTAF) deputy chief of staff for operations, General Frederick Anderson (accompanied by Colonel Roosevelt), visited Moscow and the bases in May 1944, conditions were such that the go-ahead for actual operations could be given. At the same time, Anderson let his side know that the ultimate goal was the establishment of a numbered American air force in the USSR and a switch to Siberian operations. For diplomatic reasons, this could not be revealed to the Soviets. As it was, the Americans had to make do with a much smaller presence in the Soviet Union than originally contemplated.
Frantic also tied in with other US initiatives. At Tehran, General Henry Arnold (chief of the Air Forces) offered Stalin 300–400 B-24 bombers, but noted that they would require a large Soviet training program in the United States. Stalin did not take this offer; instead, American bombers making safety landings in Siberia were kept and copied by Soviet factories.
Britain's Royal Air Force did not participate in Operation Frantic. However, 21 RAF Avro Lancaster bombers did fly from a Soviet airfield in September 1944 in a separate operation—Operation Paravane—to attack the battleship "Tirpitz".
Uncertainty surrounds Soviet objectives in agreeing to the operation. Unlike the Americans, the USSR had no doctrine of victory through aerial bombardment, and had only a rudimentary long-range air force. Furthermore, when the survival of the USSR was in doubt, Marshal Stalin refused offers of air support, demanding instead maximum lend-lease deliveries. By the time Stalin finally agreed to activate the plan, in a meeting with US ambassador W. Averell Harriman on 2 February 1944, Soviet victory was assured. Indications are that Stalin wished to obtain all possible information about superior American technology, and assigned officers with the stated objectives of learning as much as they could about US equipment and concepts of operation. For example, the USSR demanded and obtained the secret Norden bombsight, and also obtained wide photographic coverage of Europe from American aircraft. However, this objective cut both ways, for the USAAF also learned of the extreme vulnerability of the USSR to air attack, and of the primitive technical and infrastructure conditions prevailing on the Soviet side.
Airfields.
After meeting with Stalin on 2 February 1944, Harriman radioed back that "Stalin approves project limited to 200 bombers and six airfields." In the end only three bases were set up. In haste, the United States Strategic Air Forces in Europe established a headquarters detachment at Poltava Airfield, in Poltava region in the Ukrainian SSR in late April, 1944. Poltava was designated as USAAF Station 559 for security purposes and was thus referred to in all messages and written correspondence. Poltava was one of three Soviet installations operated by Headquarters, Eastern Command USAAF. The others were Pyriatyn Airfield (AAF-560) and Myrhorod Airfield (AAF-561). All three bases were situated along the Kharkov-Kiev railway and were already far behind the front. Poltava and Mirgorod were to be used by heavy bombers (B-24 Liberators, B-17 Flying Fortresses), while Piriatyn would be used for long-range escort fighters (P-51 Mustangs, P-38 Lightnings).
The bases were farther away than the USAAF wanted, and despite the best efforts were barely adequate for heavy bombers. Soviet infrastructure was not up to Western standards; the spring season turned everything into a sea of mud; and the retreating Germans had destroyed whatever they could. At Poltava, the Germans left behind a large headquarters building, but it was booby-trapped with a radio-controlled bomb that was, however, discovered in time. Also, the American officers found themselves dealing with an unfriendly and suspicious Soviet bureaucracy. In general, US officers agreed that the Red Air Force was cooperative and eager to assist, but the political structure was obstructionist and a source of interminable delays and problems. After August–September, the Soviet attitude became universally hostile, and by 1945 the small American detachments left in great bitterness. Winston Churchill had not been very enthusiastic about Frantic, believing that it was placing a lot more trust on Stalin than was wise, and events seemed to bear him out.
Heavy equipment and bulky supplies went by sea to the ports of Murmansk and Archangelsk in the Arctic, and then by train to the airfields in the Ukrainian SSR. Additional supplies and key personnel flew in on Air Transport Command planes from the ATC base at Mehrabad Airport, Iran. As there was no trans-Caucasian railway, additional shipping went across the Caspian to Baku. The logistical demands were enormous since almost everything had to be brought from the United States, even the high-octane aviation fuel and the steel-plank runways. Delicate negotiations finally fixed a total of 42 round-trip ATC missions to make the bases operational for the AAF, and allowed an additional rate of two weekly support missions to sustain the US contingent. The issue of flight communications eventually ended with a compromise, allowing US crews to carry out navigation and radio duties with a Soviet observer resident at all related communications centers. In support of Operation Frantic, ATC delivered some 450 personnel and thirty-six thousand pounds of cargo by June 1944.
Operations.
A photographic reconnaissance detachment with a handful of F-5 Lightnings was sent to operate local flights from Poltava in late May, and a "triangular trade" in reconnaissance operations using Italy, the Soviet Union, and England preceded the bombing runs and also ran concurrently with them over the summer. These flights were conducted by units of the 325th Reconnaissance Wing, commanded by Colonel Elliott Roosevelt.
After much preparation at the three Soviet airfields by advance elements of Headquarters, Eastern Command USAAF and Air Transport Command, the first shuttle mission ("Frantic Joe") was conducted by Fifteenth Air Force B-17 Flying Fortresses and their P-51 Mustang fighter escorts taking off from airfields around Foggia, Italy, raiding the railroad marshalling yards at Debrecen, Hungary, and then flying on to the Soviet Union. The name "Frantic Joe", which was read as an unflattering and potentially insulting reference to Joseph Stalin, whose insistence had influenced the mission's conception, was later shortened to "Frantic".
Luftwaffe Raid.
What was unknown at the time is that after the raid on Ruhland, the attacking B-17s were being shadowed from a distance by a Luftwaffe Heinkel He 111 bomber, which identified the Soviet airfields where they landed. Other sources indicate that the Germans were already aware of the locations and had assembled a strike force at Minsk in anticipation.
On the early morning of 22 June, the Combat Wing of B-17s which earlier landed at Poltava sustained severe losses in a German air attack. Hungarian planes also participated in the attack. Personnel were alerted at approximately 2330 hours when it was announced that German bombers had crossed the front lines in the general direction of Poltava. At 0030 hours, Pathfinder aircraft released flares directly above the airfield and ten minutes later the first bombs were dropped. For almost two hours, an estimated 75 Luftwaffe bombers attacked the base, exhibiting a very high degree of accuracy. Nearly all bombs were dropped in the dispersal area of the landing ground where only B-17s were parked, indicating without question that the B-17s constituted the specific objective of the raiders.
Of the 73 B-17s which had landed at Poltava, 47 were destroyed and most of the remainder severely damaged. One American B-17 copilot, Joseph Lukacek, was killed. His captain, Raymond Estele, was severely wounded and died later; several other men suffered minor injuries. The stores of fuel and ammunition brought so laboriously from the United States were also destroyed. Three days after the attack, only nine of the 73 aircraft at Poltava were operational. The truck-mounted 50-caliber machine guns that the Soviet high command insisted would be adequate had no effect on the Luftwaffe, as no aircraft were shot down or disabled. Also, Soviet and American fighter aircraft were not allowed to take off (by Soviet high-command) to engage the Luftwaffe during this attack; the reason for this is unclear.
American personnel losses were light due to adequate warning and the network of slit trenches distant from the aircraft parking area. Soviet losses were much higher since work crews were ordered to fight fires and disable anti-personnel bombs while the raid was ongoing. Butterfly bombs continued to explode on the field for many weeks thereafter. Red Air Force losses included 15 Yak-9s, 6 Yak-7s, three trainers, a Hawker Hurricane, and a VIP DC-3. Soviet anti-aircraft fire was intense but random, and perversely served to outline the field for the German aircraft. There are conflicting reports about whether Soviet aircraft engaged the enemy, but since there was no radar intercept capability, even American fighters would have been ineffective.
The well-planned German attack was led by Oberstleutnant Wilhelm Antrup of KG 55 and carried out by He 111Hs and Ju 88s of KG 4, KG 53, KG 55, and KG 27 operating from bases at Minsk. The operation was nicknamed "Zaunkoenig". After the He 111s left, the Ju 88s strafed the field at low altitude. He 177s from Night Reconnaissance Squadrons performed target reconnaissance, pathfinder duties and bomb damage assessment. There were no German losses.
5 July 1944.
After the Poltava disaster, the USAAF wanted to move the P-61 Black Widow-equipped 427th Night Fighter Squadron to Poltava to provide radar-enabled night air defense over the fields. However, the Soviets vetoed this plan, insisting that air defense was their responsibility. The P-61s were diverted to Italy. The shuttle bombing missions were not abandoned for the moment, but they were suspended until the mess on the ground could be cleaned up and the defenses of the air bases improved. Realizing that the Soviets could not adequately protect the heavy bombers from night raids, the Americans abandoned plans to permanently station three heavy bomber groups on Soviet airfields.
Because of the loss of fuel and the inability to protect the force, the next Frantic missions were composed of long-range fighters.
Third Shuttle Mission (Fifteenth Air Force).
To keep the project alive, Fifteenth Air Force next shuttled P-38 and P-51 fighters to the Soviet Union in late July.
Fourth Shuttle Mission (Fifteenth Air Force).
6 August 1944.
After balancing losses and battle damage against the value of the targets, US military leaders at the Soviet bases discontinue the fighter-bomber operations.
Fifth Shuttle Mission (Eighth Air Force).
13 August 1944.
During this period, the United States at the highest level urgently requested the use of the Soviet bases for air support and supply of the ongoing Polish Home Army uprising in Warsaw. However, until the Poles had already been substantially crushed, Stalin refused all assistance and vetoed these missions. This caused a crisis in Soviet-American relations and changed US perceptions of Soviet war aims among both military officers and diplomats.
Summary.
Measured against its objectives, and despite initial successes, Frantic developed into a failure that included the disastrous June 21 raid by the Luftwaffe. The attack on the Szolnok rail yards was the end of major Frantic operations, as the original targets had been taken by the rapidly advancing Soviet offensive. After the issues over Polish resupply, Foreign Commissar Molotov put the Americans on notice that they were no longer needed, and a very hostile climate, including orchestrated episodes of violence and theft, ensued at the bases. The USAAF, citing logistical problems and becoming weary of growing Soviet intransigence, announced a suspension of Frantic shuttle missions. Also, by this time air bases in the Mariana Islands became available to the Americans, and there was no longer a perceived need for bases in the Russian Far East. The US and Soviet advances by the spring of 1945 ended the need for shuttle missions and the ATC flew out the last US contingent of personnel from its headquarters at Poltava in June 1945.
Major problems were associated with the failure of air defense, but also with the eagerness with which Soviet fighters and artillery mistakenly targeted American aircraft. Several American aircraft were downed, but the crews survived. From the Soviet perspective, this was caused by the inability of US pilots to stick to the strictly defined corridors, altitudes, and time windows. On several occasions, US aircraft became dispersed all over the region, which severely complicated Soviet efforts to control and track all foreign aircraft. Soviet officers who had been too helpful to the Americans fell in disfavor, and one, Chief Air Marshal Alexander Novikov, who had received the US Legion of Merit, was tortured and jailed after the war. The problem of Soviet attacks on American aircraft was deemed so serious that when President Roosevelt flew to Yalta in February 1945 for the Yalta Conference, the Americans insisted on placing observers at all nearby anti-aircraft sites. Colonel Hampton the Poltava base commander was responsible for the Saki Airfield, the airfield closest to Yalta.
Frantic was peripheral to the air war against Germany because most targets could have been reached from Italy, and the Soviet bases were not used for purposes for which they could have been decisive: air supply of the Polish Home Army during the Warsaw Uprising, the return of American ex-POWs from Soviet territory, or interruption of extermination camp operations at Auschwitz and other locations. As it became increasingly clear that US-Soviet collaboration was an entirely one-way street, bitterness and suspicion grew amongst the Americans, feeling that would influence a future generation of senior United States Air Force officers.
In addition, the Soviets learned of their own vulnerability to air attack and the enormous US technological advantage. The USAAF obtained insight into Soviet operations, and despite strict limitations obtained some additional photographic coverage which would become much in demand later.
Operation Frantic demonstrated the flexibility and reach of American logistics operating under trying conditions. It also demonstrated the political role of airlift logistics in terms of operational support that would have been impossible by conventional ground-based means. Overall however, Frantic proved a wasteful use of Allied resources. Though judged by the Germans to be a propaganda exercise meant to impress the Soviets, the operation served to expose and compound strains in the Allied alliance.
References in popular culture.
The television series "12 O'Clock High" combined the Operation Frantic shuttle missions into one episode. In the 1966 show "Massacre" (season 3, episode 2), the fictional 918th Squadron of the 8th Air Force is assigned as the lead squadron to establish a shuttle mission to Poltava Air Base, Soviet Union. Its commander, Col. Gallagher, is tasked with the ambassadorial work of establishing and enhancing relations with the host Soviets. Actual issues with distrust between US and Soviet governments and militaries, establishing supplies for the return trip to England, worry about the Germans locating the US airbase in the eastern theater, successful German air raids, and the hope for greater surprise of the German air defenses during US bombing from the east were used in the storyline, along with fictional melodramatic elements.
Bibliography and further reading.
The USAAF prepared a secret, detailed report on Eastern Command operations in December 1944 and made it available to the State Department. It is preserved at the Air Force Historical Research Agency (AFHRA) at Maxwell AFB, Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="6977308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977308" title="Said ibn Yusuf al-Fayyumi">
Said ibn Yusuf al-Fayyumi



</doc>
<doc id="6977317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977317" title="African Litany">
African Litany

African Litany is the second studio album from South African band Juluka, released in 1981. It features lyrics sung in English and Zulu.
The first track, "Impi", which became one of the band's hits, retells the story of the Battle of Isandlwana, won by the Zulu, and was banned from the radio in South Africa at the time, but gained underground popularity. It remains a cult classic in South Africa and has now become mainstream to the point of often been associated with international sports events, in particular rugby.

</doc>
<doc id="6977320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977320" title="Câmara Municipal de Macau">
Câmara Municipal de Macau



</doc>
<doc id="6977338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977338" title="Jerome B. Robertson">
Jerome B. Robertson

Jerome Bonaparte Robertson (March 14, 1815 – January 7, 1890) was a doctor, soldier, and politician who served as a general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. He was noted for his service in the famed Texas Brigade in the Army of Northern Virginia.
Early life and career.
Robertson was born in Woodford County, Kentucky, the son of Scottish immigrant Cornelius Robertson and his wife Clarissa Hill (Keech) Robertson. When Robertson was only four years old, his father died, leaving his mother almost penniless. Unable to properly support her family, she apprenticed young Robertson four years later to a hatter, who moved with the boy in 1824 to St. Louis. After studying medicine at Transylvania University in Kentucky, Robertson graduated in 1835. With the Texas Revolution emerging as a national topic, Robertson joined a company of Kentucky volunteers as a lieutenant and made plans to travel to Texas. However, they were delayed in New Orleans and did not arrive in the Republic of Texas until September 1836. There, he joined the Army of Texas and was commissioned as a captain.
In 1837, with Texas Revolutionary hostilities essentially ended, Robertson resigned his Texas commission and returned to Kentucky, where he married Mary Elizabeth Cummins. He returned with his wife and several relatives to Texas in December 1837, buying land and settling in Washington-on-the Brazos. He established a medical practice, and became known on the frontier as an Indian fighter through six years of sporadic campaigning. Furthermore, he also served in the military forces that helped repel two invasions by the Mexican army in 1842. After stints as the town's coroner, mayor, and postmaster, Robertson built a home in Independence in 1845. By this time, the Republic of Texas was on the verge of becoming the State of Texas. Robertson was elected in 1847 to the Texas House of Representatives and in 1849 to the Texas State Senate.
He and his wife Mary had three children, one of whom died in infancy. His son Felix Huston Robertson eventually became a brigadier general in the Confederate army.
Civil War.
Robertson was a delegate to the state Secession Convention in January 1861, and subsequently raised a company of volunteers for the Confederate army and was elected as its captain when it became a formal part of the newly raised 5th Texas Infantry Regiment in the brigade of John Bell Hood. In November 1861, Robertson was elevated to lieutenant colonel, and then on June 1, 1862, to colonel and command of the regiment. He was in the Peninsula Campaign, serving with distinction during the Seven Days Battles and leading his regiment in a successful charge during the Battle of Gaines' Mill that split the Union lines.
Robertson became popular with his soldiers due to his unusual concern for their welfare, giving rise to his nickname, "Aunt Polly." He served in the Northern Virginia Campaign and the Maryland Campaign, where his health was failing due to months of steady campaigning. During the Battle of South Mountain, he was overcome by exhaustion and had to be carried from the field. He did not rejoin his regiment until after the subsequent Battle of Antietam. However, by then his reputation as a fighter had been noted, and with the promotion of Hood to division command, Robertson was named as his successor and was promoted to brigadier general on November 1, 1862. He saw his first action as a brigade commander during the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Gettysburg and after.
In the summer of 1863, Robertson led his brigade into Pennsylvania during the Gettysburg Campaign. Hood's Division arrived too late for the first day's fighting during the Battle of Gettysburg, but they played a prominent role on the second day, where Robertson led his brigade in a series of hard-hitting, but ultimately unsuccessful, attacks on Little Round Top. Those attacks culminated with the fight for Devil's Den, during which his 1st, 4th, and 5th Texas regiments, as well as his 3rd Arkansas Infantry, took heavy casualties that ultimately resulted in their taking their objective, despite being greatly outnumbered by Union forces. Robertson was wounded along with several of his officers during that action, which he later described as "one of the hottest contests I have ever witnessed."
In September, along with the rest of Lt. Gen. James Longstreet's corps, Robertson and the Texas Brigade were moved to Tennessee to reinforce the Army of Tennessee, fighting with distinction at Chickamauga. However, Robertson's performance in the subsequent East Tennessee campaign invoked the wrath of both Longstreet and division commander Micah Jenkins. Longstreet filed formal court-martial charges against General Robertson, alleging dereliction of duty and accusing him of pessimistic remarks. Shortly before, Robertson had joined the other brigadiers in the division in support of Evander M. Law over Longstreet's protégé Jenkins as division commander, which undoubtedly influenced Longstreet, who was in a bitter argument with Law. Robertson was reprimanded, replaced as commander of the Texas Brigade, and transferred to Texas, where he commanded the state reserve forces until the end of the war.
Postbellum career.
Following the collapse of the Confederacy and the surrender of the remaining Texas forces, Robertson returned to his home in Independence and resumed his medical practice, a period marked by mourning when his wife died in 1868. He re-entered politics in 1874, being named as superintendent of the Texas Bureau of Immigration for two years. Two years later, he served as passenger and emigration agent for the Houston and Texas Central Railroad. Robertson married a widow, Mrs. Hattie Hendley Hook, in 1878 and relocated to Waco a year later. There, he continued to promote railroad construction in west Texas.
He held several high Masonic offices, including deputy grand master of the Third Masonic District and of the Twenty-ninth Masonic District. He was an organizer of the Hood's Texas Brigade Association, which he served as president many times.
He was initially buried at Independence next to his first wife and his mother. In 1894 his son had all three bodies moved to Oakwood Cemetery (Waco, Texas).

</doc>
<doc id="6977339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977339" title="Patch American High School">
Patch American High School



</doc>
<doc id="6977349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977349" title="Alex Venters">
Alex Venters

Alexander Venters (9 June 1913 – 30 April 1959) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Cowdenbeath, Rangers and Scotland.
Career.
Alex Venters, an inside forward, joined Rangers in November 1933 after his first club Cowdenbeath. He spent a total of 13 years at Ibrox Park, winning three Scottish league titles (1935, 1937 and 1939), two Scottish Cups (1935, 1936) and scoring 102 goals in 201 appearances. 18 of these 102 goals came against Celtic in various competitions. In the last season before association football was suspended due to World War II (1939) Venters was top scorer in the Scottish First Division (35 goals). Venters was also a prolific scorer during World War II; however, as these games were unofficial, his additional 53 wartime goals cannot be added to his official goalscoring record.
After the war, Venters played for Third Lanark, Blackburn Rovers and ended his career with Raith Rovers.
Between 1933 and 1939 he won three caps for Scotland, the first of which was against Ireland in 1933 while with Cowdenbeath. He won a further two official caps (both in matches against England) while at Rangers, in 1936 and 1939. He also played in four wartime internationals.
In 1959 he died prematurely from a heart attack at the age of 45.
Due to his prolific goalscoring in the 1930s and his great record in Old Firm matches he became a member of the Rangers Hall of Fame in 2006.
Personal life.
Venters' father Sandy and brothers Andrew and Jock were also footballers.

</doc>
<doc id="6977355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977355" title="Mike Nicolette">
Mike Nicolette

Michael Rexford Nicolette (born December 7, 1956) is an American professional golfer and inventor who played on the PGA Tour in the 1970s and 1980s.
Nicolette was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He attended Rollins College in Winter Park, Florida and was a member of the golf team. While a student at Rollins, he won the 1976 NCAA Division II Men's Golf Championship. He turned pro in 1978.
Nicolette had ten top-10 finishes in PGA Tour events during his career including a win at the 1983 Bay Hill Classic. In that tournament, he defeated Greg Norman in a playoff on the first extra hole. He was the first round co-leader at the 1988 U.S. Open, but faded in the last three days. His best finish in a major championship was T-13 at the 1983 U.S. Open.
Parsons Xtreme Golf (PXG) hired Nicolette, who served as senior product designer for PING prior to joining PXG. Given no time or budget constraints, Nicolette worked on designing the first iteration of what would become the PXG 0311 forged iron.
Nicolette is named as an inventor on 179 US Utility Patents , the majority of which are assigned to PXG. He is also named on 255 US Design Patents.
Professional wins (2).
PGA Tour wins (1).
PGA Tour playoff record (1–0)
Results in major championships.
"Note: Nicolette never played in The Open Championship."&lt;br&gt;
CUT = missed the half-way cut&lt;br&gt;
"T" = tied

</doc>
<doc id="6977357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977357" title="Reboiler">
Reboiler

Reboilers are heat exchangers typically used to provide heat to the bottom of industrial distillation columns. They boil the liquid from the bottom of a distillation column to generate vapors which are returned to the column to drive the distillation separation. The heat supplied to the column by the reboiler at the bottom of the column is removed by the condenser at the top of the column.
Proper reboiler operation is vital to effective distillation. In a typical classical distillation column, all the vapor driving the separation comes from the reboiler. The reboiler receives a liquid stream from the column bottom and may partially or completely vaporize that stream. Steam usually provides the heat required for the vaporization.
Types of reboilers.
The most critical element of reboiler design is the selection of the proper type of reboiler for a specific service. Most reboilers are of the shell and tube heat exchanger type and normally steam is used as the heat source in such reboilers. However, other heat transfer fluids like hot oil or Dowtherm (TM) may be used. Fuel-fired furnaces may also be used as reboilers in some cases.
Commonly used heat exchanger type reboilers are:
Kettle Type reboilers.
Kettle reboilers( Image 1) are simple and reliable heat exchangers, often used in distillation columns. They function similarly to shell-and-tube heat exchangers but are specifically designed to provide a stable liquid level and maintain natural circulation. In this design, steam flows through a tube bundle, condenses, and exits as condensate. The liquid from the bottom of the column, known as the bottoms, flows through the shell side of the reboiler. Depending on the design, the flow of this liquid may be driven by gravity or require pumping. A retaining wall or overflow weir separates the tube bundle from the reboiler section where the bottoms product is withdrawn, ensuring that the tube bundle remains covered with liquid to reduce the loss of low-boiling compounds. This configuration minimizes the risk of contamination in the final product.
Thermosyphon reboilers.
Thermosyphon reboilers (Image 2) do not require pumping of the column bottoms liquid into the reboiler. Natural circulation is obtained by using the density difference between the reboiler inlet column bottoms liquid and the reboiler outlet liquid-vapor mixture to provide sufficient liquid head to deliver the tower bottoms into the reboiler. Thermosyphon reboilers (also known as calandrias) are more complex than kettle reboilers and require more attention from the plant operators. There are many types of thermosyphon reboilers including vertical, horizontal, once-through or recirculating.
Fired reboiler.
Fired heaters (Image 3), also known as furnaces, may be used as a distillation column reboiler. A pump is required to circulate the column bottoms through the heat transfer tubes in the furnace's convection and radiant sections. The heat source for the fired heater reboiler may be either fuel gas or fuel oil.
Forced circulation reboilers.
A forced circulation reboiler (Image 4) uses a pump to circulate the column bottoms liquid through the reboilers. This is useful if the reboiler must be located far from the column, or if the bottoms product is extremely viscous.
Some fluids are temperature sensitive such as those subject to polymerization by contact with high temperature heat transfer tube walls. High liquid recirculation rates are used to reduce tube wall temperatures, thereby reducing polymerization on the tube and associated fouling.

</doc>
<doc id="6977360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977360" title="History of Livonia">
History of Livonia



</doc>
<doc id="6977361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977361" title="Robert Stoller">
Robert Stoller

Robert Jesse Stoller (December 15, 1924 – September 6, 1991) was an American professor of psychiatry at UCLA Medical School and a researcher at the UCLA Gender Identity Clinic. He has been criticized for research into finding the cause of transgender identities with intent to prevent them, and later similar research he inspired.
He was the author of nine books, the co-author of three others, and the publisher of over 115 articles.
Stoller is known for his theories concerning the development of gender identity, which he is credited as having coined in 1964. Stoller is also known for his theories concerning the dynamics of sexual excitement.
In 2010, Richard Green published "Robert Stoller's Sex and Gender: 40 Years On" in the Archives of Sexual Behavior, which analyzed the contributions of the book and his research overall in the field of transgender healthcare.
Biography.
Robert Stoller was born on December 15, 1924, in Crestwood, New York. His parents were Russian-Jewish immigrants.
In 1958, a patient pseudonymously referred to as Agnes was referred to Stoller and Harold Garfinkel. At the time, Agnes was 17 years old and pretended to be intersex in order to receive gender confirming surgery. Years later, Stoller learned that Agnes was actually a transgender girl who had been stealing her mother's estrogen supplements since 12 years old. Upon learning this, Stoller recalled the papers he had written and retracted his earlier findings at the 1968 International Psychoanalytic Congress in Copenhagen.
Research by Richard Green, Stoller, and Craig MacAndrew in 1966 revealed that most physicians and psychiatrists were opposed to gender confirming surgery, even if the patient had received years of psychotherapy and would probably be suicidal if denied surgery.
In 1968, Stoller wrote "Sex and Gender", where he hypothesized "The sense of core gender identity...is derived from three sources: the anatomy and physiology of the genitalia; the attitudes of parents, siblings and peers toward the child's gender role; and a biological force that may more or less modify the attitudinal (environmental) forces." In it, he argued that sex changes should be utilized as a research technique but only offered to those termed "true transexuals", those who "had been very feminine in childhood, had never lived acceptably in a masculine role, and who had not derived pleasure from their penis (p 251)." However, these criteria became widely influential and most patients would use the "winning psychosexual history", as therapy shifted from analysis of transgender people to a stepping stone to transition.
In the same book, Stoller endorsed conversion therapy targeted towards children, "The condition is pathological...If these boys are the adult transsexuals of future years, with their demands for sex transformation procedures and the reportedly hopeless prognosis for psychiatric treatment, then the time to help them is in childhood, when their gender identity is still forming...The goal of treatment should be to make the child feel that he is a male and wants to be a masculine boy...The first step in treatment is to establish that one is in fact dealing with a childhood transsexual. Next one must start treatment immediately. If one waits until five or six or seven, the undoing is more difficult."
In 1972, Green, Newman, and Stoller published "Treatment of Boyhood "Transsexualism" ", which detailed attempts to prevent young children from growing up to be transgender based on the observation that attempts to change gender failed in older children. The treatment involved having the parents discourage feminine behavior and making sure they don't inadvertently encourage it, having the father take a more active role in the child's life as a masculine role model, and having the mother not be "overly close" with the child.
In his most notable contribution, "Perversion" (1975), Stoller attempts to illuminate the dynamics of sexual perversion and normalize it. Stoller suggests that perversion inevitably entails an expression of unconscious aggression in the form of revenge against a person who, in early years, made some form of threat to the child's core gender identity, either in the form of overt trauma or through the frustrations of the Oedipal conflict.
In "Sexual Excitement" (1979), Stoller finds the same perverse dynamics at work in all sexual excitement on a continuum from overt aggression to subtle fantasy. In focusing on the unconscious fantasy, and not the behavior, Stoller provides a way of analyzing the mental dynamics of sexuality, what he terms "erotics," while simultaneously de-emphasizing the pathology of any particular form of behavior. Stoller does not consider homosexuality as a monolithic behavior but rather as a range of sexual styles as diverse as heterosexuality. Many of Stoller's books, like "Splitting" (1973), are devoted to the documentation of the interviews on which he based his research.
Stoller died in a traffic accident near his home in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="6977363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977363" title="Breach of peace">
Breach of peace



</doc>
<doc id="6977364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977364" title="Dean Gerken">
Dean Gerken

Dean Jeffery Gerken (born 22 May 1985) is an English professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He is goalkeeping coach at Bath City.
He started his career as a youth player at Southend United. He has previously played for Colchester United, Darlington, Bristol City and Ipswich Town.
Club career.
Colchester United.
Gerken was born in Rochford. He started his career at Southend United as a youngster before moving to Essex rivals Colchester United. As a teenager he attracted the attention of England goalkeeping coach Ray Clemence. He made his first-team debut against Brentford in League One in 2004, as a stand-in for Simon Brown and Richard McKinney. In the 2004–05 season, replacing first-choice goalkeeper Aidan Davison, Gerken kept four clean sheets in 17 appearances.
More appearances in Colchester's successful 2005–06 campaign gave Gerken another four clean sheets, including the crucial 0–0 draw at Yeovil Town that clinched Colchester's promotion to the Football League Championship.
Gerken made the number one position his own as the over-achieving "U's" ended the 2006–07 season in tenth place. Gerken was crowned Colchester's "Young Player of the Year" for 2007. He signed an extended contract in July 2007, and played 40 League games during the 2007–08 season, at the end of which Colchester were relegated back to League One.
Darlington (loan).
On 15 January 2009, Gerken signed a one-month loan deal with League Two side Darlington. He went straight into the starting eleven for their next game, a 5–1 defeat of Luton Town.
Gerken returned to his parent club soon after, due to Darlington going into administration.
Bristol City.
On 30 June 2009, it was confirmed that Bristol City had completed the signing of Gerken for an undisclosed fee, to end his seven-season stay with Colchester United. Gerken was arrested on suspicion of indecent exposure in the early hours of 25 October 2009 after he was allegedly spotted urinating in public.
Gerken made his final game for City on 12 January 2013, in a 4–0 defeat at home to Leicester City. His manager, Derek McInnes, was sacked after the same match due to a recent run of poor results. On 8 May 2013, Gerken was released by Bristol City along with third-choice keeper Lewis Carey.
Ipswich Town.
On 12 July 2013 Gerken joined Ipswich Town on a free transfer, signing a two-year contract.
He made his debut for Ipswich Town in a 0–2 loss against Stevenage in the League Cup on 6 August 2013. Soon after he joined Ipswich he replaced Scott Loach as the first choice goalkeeper, starting 41 league games in his debut season at the club, keeping 10 clean sheets. However, with the arrival of fellow keeper Bartosz Białkowski in 2014, Gerken's first team play time would decrease gradually. Bialkowski's form would keep him out of the team for the next few seasons. On 28 June 2017, he signed a new two-year contract with Ipswich.
He made just 1 league appearance in the 2017/18 season. However the following season, in a surprise move he was called back up to the starting lineup on 2 September 2018 in a match against Norwich and he remained in goal for a further 7 games before once again being dropped back to the bench following a mistake that led to a goal against QPR. He would make 10 further appearances in net during the season. After making 113 appearances for the Tractor Boys, it was announced on 20 May 2019 that his contract would not be renewed and he was released at the end of the season.
Return to Colchester United.
Following his release by Ipswich Town, Gerken re-signed for his first club Colchester United on 13 July 2019 on a free transfer. He made his return debut on 3 August in their 1–1 League Two draw with Port Vale. On 24 January 2020, Gerken made his 300th career appearance in a league match against Bradford City, which ended in a 0–0 draw. Gerken was released by the club at the end of the 2021–22 season.
Coaching career.
In August 2022, following his retirement, Gerken returned to former club Bristol City as the club's academy head of goalkeeping. In July 2023, in addition to his role with the Championship club, he joined National League South side Bath City as goalkeeping coach.
Honours.
Colchester United
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="6977366" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977366" title="A-14">
A-14



</doc>
<doc id="6977373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977373" title="Philippe Brenninkmeyer">
Philippe Brenninkmeyer

Philippe Brenninkmeyer (born 3 November 1964) is a Dutch actor. In Germany he is known as Philipp Brenninkmeyer.
Biography.
Brenninkmeyer was born in Wimbledon, London. He is a member of the German-Dutch Brenninkmeijer family which founded the clothing store chain C&amp;A. Brenninkmeyer attended boarding schools in Brighton, Meerbusch/Düsseldorf, the Aloisiuskolleg in Bonn, and Switzerland. He then worked for C&amp;A in Cologne before deciding to become an actor.
He studied at the William Esper Studio in New York City from 1997–1999, where he appeared in productions of "Macbeth" and "King Lear" with the Frog &amp; Peach Theater. Brenninkmeyer worked with the theatre company "Theatre Tribe" in Los Angeles, California in 2004. He has also studied theater in London, where he performed in the title role of "Woyzeck" at the Etcetera Theatre.
Brenninkmeyer first achieved success in Germany with the role of hotel manager Christian Dolbien in the German television series "girl friends – Freundschaft mit Herz". He has also appeared in several other German shows and telemovies, as well as had supporting roles on the American shows "Sex and the City", "Law &amp; Order", and "Guiding Light". For the American comedy troupe Broken Lizard, Brenninkmeyer has played a Swinging German car thief in "Super Troopers", a German beer tournament referee in "Beerfest" and a perturbed diner in "The Slammin' Salmon". Brenninkmeyer starred as an American businessman in the German-Singapore movie "House of Harmony" opposite the Singaporean film star Fann Wong. He also appeared in the 2008 episode "The Jet Set" of "Mad Men".
The actor speaks Dutch, English, French, and German. Brenninkmeyer currently has homes in Los Angeles and Berlin (Germany) and is married to the American actress Tara Lynn Orr.

</doc>
<doc id="6977374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977374" title="The Quality of Life (Yes Minister)">
The Quality of Life (Yes Minister)



</doc>
<doc id="6977386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977386" title="Philipp Brenninkmeyer">
Philipp Brenninkmeyer



</doc>
<doc id="6977389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977389" title="Jerome Bonaparte Robertson">
Jerome Bonaparte Robertson



</doc>
<doc id="6977393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977393" title="Margaret Stewart, Countess of Angus">
Margaret Stewart, Countess of Angus

Margaret Stewart, Countess of Angus and Mar (died 1417) was Countess of Angus and Lady of Abernethy in her own right. Her father was Thomas Stewart, 2nd Earl of Angus.
She was married to Thomas, Earl of Mar with whom she had no children. After her husband's death in 1374, she began an extramarital affair with William Douglas, 1st Earl of Douglas, who was married to the Earl of Mar's sister. With the Earl of Douglas, she had two children, George Douglas, 1st Earl of Angus (c. 1380–1403) and Lady Margaret Douglas who in 1404 received the lands of Bonjedward from her half-sister, Lady Isabel Douglas. The countess secured a charter of her estates for her son, to whom, in 1389 the title was granted by King Robert II.

</doc>
<doc id="6977397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977397" title="SR 8 (VA)">
SR 8 (VA)



</doc>
<doc id="6977398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977398" title="State Route 47 (Virginia 1928)">
State Route 47 (Virginia 1928)



</doc>
<doc id="6977399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977399" title="State Route 20 (Virginia 1918-1933)">
State Route 20 (Virginia 1918-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6977401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977401" title="State Route 40 (Virginia)">
State Route 40 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6977402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977402" title="State Route 48 (Virginia 1928)">
State Route 48 (Virginia 1928)



</doc>
<doc id="6977404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977404" title="State Route 351 (Virginia pre-1928)">
State Route 351 (Virginia pre-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="6977406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977406" title="Virginia State Route 40">
Virginia State Route 40

State Route 40 (SR 40) is a primary state highway in the southern part of the U.S. state of Virginia. It runs from SR 8 at Woolwine east to SR 10 at Spring Grove, about half the width of Virginia. It is the longest state-numbered (not U.S. or Interstate) route in Virginia.
Route description.
SR 40 begins at SR 8 at the small community of Woolwine. It heads northeast along the eastern side of the Blue Ridge, crossing streams and foothills via a curving route. Around Endicott, the highway starts to turn east, away from the ridge, and straightens out as the terrain becomes flatter. Between Ferrum and Rocky Mount, SR 40 parallels the Norfolk Southern Railway's north–south Winston-Salem District. The route intersects U.S. Route 220 Business (US 220 Business) in downtown Rocky Mount and the newer US 220 bypass to the east, soon splitting from SR 122, which leads northeast to Bedford, and turning directly east. After it leaves Rocky Mount, SR 40 heads east, largely along a newer alignment that utilizes cuts and fills to provide a straight and level path. Approaching Gretna, it intersects the US 29 bypass, and then US 29 Business in downtown Gretna. This portion of the highway ends where it meets US 501 at North Halifax, turning north and crossing the Roanoke River into Brookneal.
US 501 and SR 40 split in downtown Brookneal, with US 501 heading northwest and SR 40 leaving to the northeast, but soon turning east. The highway passes through Phenix on its way to Charlotte Court House, where it intersects SR 47 with a brief overlap. Inside Keysville, SR 40 meets the north end of SR 59 and crosses US 15/360 Business, and then crosses the US 15/US 360 bypass outside the town limits. Just beyond, the short SR 385 provides access to Southside Virginia Community College. SR 40 joins SR 49 at Lunenburg, overlapping that route to downtown Victoria. From Victoria east to downtown Kenbridge, where it meets the west and north ends of SR 137 and SR 138, SR 40 parallels the abandoned Virginian Railway. The route leaves Kenbridge to the northeast, running past the north end of SR 46 to a junction with US 460 Business in downtown Blackstone.
After a short overlap with US 460 Business, SR 40 leaves to the east, while the business route continues northeast back to US 460. Because SR 40 is south of US 460 Business on both sides of the overlap, SR 40 does not intersect US 460 here. Outside the town limits, SR 40 crosses through Fort Barfoot. The route crosses US 1 in McKenney and I-85 at exit 42 just to the east. After bypassing Stony Creek to the south, SR 40 crosses US 301 and I-95 at exit 31; a short State Route 40 Business follows the original route through Stony Creek, returning to SR 40 on the east end via a short overlap with US 301. Between Sussex and a point east of Homeville (where SR 40 crosses SR 35), a secondary route to the south is the former alignment, now named Old Forty Road. Beyond Homeville, the last stretch of the highway heads northeasterly, crossing US 460 in Waverly before ending at SR 10 at Spring Grove. State Route 646, a secondary highway, continues northeast beyond SR 10 to the former end of SR 40 in Claremont.
Special routes.
Victoria Truck Route.
Virginia State Truck Route 40 in Victoria, Virginia is Tidewater Avenue from Court Street to West 6th Street, and Railroad Avenue from Tidewater Avenue and West 6th Street to Main Street. Most of the route is concurrent with Virginia State Route 49 Truck
Stony Creek Business Route.
State Route 40 Business is a former segment of SR 40 that was converted into a business route that runs through "downtown" Stony Creek. It runs along Lee Avenue from a realigned section of SR 40 west of the town, crosses the CSX North End Subdivision and then turns south in a multiplex with US 301 (Blue Star Memorial Highway), where it ends at SR 40 west of Exit 31 on Interstate 95. US 301 continues from here south towards Emporia, the Carolinas, Georgia, and northern and western Florida.
The former segment on the other side of I-95 is a .39 mile local dead end street named Redbank Road that is designated Virginia Secondary Route 317.

</doc>
<doc id="6977407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977407" title="State Route 20 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 20 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6977409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977409" title="Margaret Stewart">
Margaret Stewart

Margaret Stewart or Stuart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6977413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977413" title="State Route 8 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 8 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6977414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977414" title="State Route 20 (Virginia 1918)">
State Route 20 (Virginia 1918)



</doc>
<doc id="6977417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977417" title="List of programs broadcast by IBC-13">
List of programs broadcast by IBC-13



</doc>
<doc id="6977418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977418" title="State Route 40 (Virginia 1933)">
State Route 40 (Virginia 1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6977421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977421" title="Tanken sekai (magazine)">
Tanken sekai (magazine)

Tanken sekai (World of Exploration) was a Japanese magazine of the early twentieth century, published by the Seikosha publishing house which was part of the still-extant Seiko empire. The magazine is considered to have both reflected and amplified the strong wave of patriotism which was felt in the Japanese society during and following the Russo-Japanese War of 1905.
History and profile.
"Tanken sekai" was first published by Seikosha in May 1906. The magazine catered to a readership which was interested in "tales of Japanese adventure and exploration abroad and fantasies of imperialistic superiority and Japanese valor", as Jeffrey M. Angles, researcher of Japanese popular culture, put it. On its pages, fiction was mixed with more or less factual accounts of exploration, record-breaking achievements and "unusual customs" from around the world.
As researcher Kawataro Nakajima has shown, the magazine's success inspired the appearance of rival magazines of the same kind, such as "Boken sekai", published by Seikosha's rival publishing company Hakubunkan.

</doc>
<doc id="6977424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977424" title="Texas Thunder">
Texas Thunder



</doc>
<doc id="6977426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977426" title="Operation Frantic Joe">
Operation Frantic Joe



</doc>
<doc id="6977427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977427" title="Route 40 (Virginia)">
Route 40 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6977431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977431" title="Tanken sekai">
Tanken sekai



</doc>
<doc id="6977432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977432" title="State Route 323 (Virginia pre-1928)">
State Route 323 (Virginia pre-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="6977435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977435" title="Virginia State Highway 40">
Virginia State Highway 40



</doc>
<doc id="6977436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977436" title="Pedro Moutinho">
Pedro Moutinho

Pedro da Silva Moutinho (born 9 September 1979) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a centre-forward.
He spent most of his professional career in Scotland with Falkirk (three spells, 161 overall appearances and 23 goals). Other than in his own country, he also competed in Cyprus and Romania.
Club career.
Born in Santo Tirso, Porto District, Moutinho moved to C.S. Marítimo from amateurs U.D. Rio Maior, but spent the better part of his early years with the former's reserves. He also served two loans whilst under contract, including a two-year spell at F.C. Penafiel of the Segunda Liga.
In summer 2004, Moutinho signed a one-year contract with Falkirk in Scotland. He scored 19 competitive goals in his first four seasons at the club, including a memorable one against Rangers for the equaliser in a 2–2 draw in 2005, but a knee injury kept him out of the second half of his team's Scottish First Division championship-winning side in 2004–05.
Moutinho was close to sealing a transfer to Kayserispor, but the deal was not concluded before the closure of the Turkish January transfer window. On 21 May 2008, he left Falkirk and returned to his country by rejoining Marítimo; he remarked "I am going to keep the house I have in Falkirk and hopefully I’ll be back. I feel now is the right move for me with a two-year contract but after that I will be a free agent again and who knows".
Rarely used during his second stint in Madeira, Moutinho finished the campaign on loan to Rio Ave F.C. also of the Primeira Liga. He also did not manage to find the net here.
In October 2009, Moutinho was released by Marítimo and returned to Falkirk. On 8 November, he started and scored during their 3–3 home draw with Celtic and, in January of the following year, his contract was extended until the end of 2009–10.
Moutinho left the Falkirk Stadium on 13 May 2010, signing with AEP Paphos FC from Cyprus. In late January 2011, however, following a trial at fellow Scottish Premier League side Motherwell, he re-signed with Falkirk for a third time, being released at the end of the season.
In early August 2011, the 32-year-old Moutinho changed teams and countries again, joining FC Brașov in Romania. Subsequently, he agreed to a one-year deal at CD Atlético Baleares of the Spanish Segunda División B.
On 31 March 2015, after nearly two years out of football, Moutinho moved to Scottish League One club Stenhousemuir until June. At the end of the campaign, he was released.
After one season in the Portuguese lower leagues, being relegated with C.F. Caniçal, Moutinho retired at 37 and became a football consultant in Madeira.

</doc>
<doc id="6977439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977439" title="State Route 48 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 48 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6977442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977442" title="John The Postman">
John The Postman



</doc>
<doc id="6977458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977458" title="Homage">
Homage

Homage (Old English) or Hommage (French) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6977460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977460" title="John Henry (Transformers)">
John Henry (Transformers)



</doc>
<doc id="6977461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977461" title="Gelb">
Gelb

Gelb may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6977462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977462" title="Great Leap Forward (band)">
Great Leap Forward (band)



</doc>
<doc id="6977469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977469" title="5th Avenue (album)">
5th Avenue (album)

5th Avenue is the fifth album by Thai singer Christina Aguilar, released by GMM Grammy on 28 January 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="6977471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977471" title="Brothers gibb">
Brothers gibb



</doc>
<doc id="6977472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977472" title="Câmara Municipal das Ilhas">
Câmara Municipal das Ilhas



</doc>
<doc id="6977473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6977473" title="I. J. Gelb">
I. J. Gelb



</doc>
