<doc id="7046291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046291" title="Veerabhadra Temple, Lepakshi">
Veerabhadra Temple, Lepakshi

Veerabhadra temple is a Hindu temple located in the Lepakshi, in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India. The temple is dedicated to the Virabhadra, a fierce form of the god Shiva. 
Built in the 16th century, the architectural features of the temple are in the Vijayanagara style with profusion of carvings and paintings at almost every exposed surface of the temple. It is one of the centrally protected monuments of national importance and is considered one of the most spectacular Vijayanagara temples. The fresco paintings are particularly detailed in very bright dresses and colours with scenes of Rama and Krishna from the epic stories of the Ramayana, the Mahabharata and the Puranas and they are well preserved. 
There is a very large Nandi (bull), mount of Shiva, about away from the temple which is carved from a single block of stone, which is said to be one of the largest of its type in the world.
Location.
The temple has been built on the southern side of Lepakshi town, on a low altitude hillock of a large exposure of granite rock, which is in the shape of a tortoise, and hence known as "Kurma Saila". It is away from Bangalore. The approach from the National Highway NH7 to Hyderabad that takes a branch road at the Karnataka-Andhra Pradesh border leading to Lepakshi, away. Another route to reach the temple is taking a route from Hindupur. It is situated from Penukonda, located in Anantapur district of Andhra Pradesh.
History.
The temple was built in 1530 AD (1540 AD is also mentioned) by Virupanna Nayaka and Viranna, both brothers who were Governors under the Vijayanagar Empire during the reign of King Achyuta Deva Raya, at Penukonda who were native to Karnataka. They belonged to the warrior merchant class of Veerashaiva Vani. The temple consists of only Kannada inscriptions. The cost of building the temple was defrayed by the government. According to Skanda Purana, the temple is one of the "divyakshetras", an important pilgrimage site of Lord Shiva.
Architecture.
The temple is of the Vijayanagara architectural style. The main temple is laid out in three parts, these are: The assembly hall known as the Mukha mantapa or Natya mantapa or Ranga mantapa; arda mantapa or antarala (ante chamber); and the garbhagriha or the sanctum sanctorum. The temple, as an edifice, is encircled by two enclosures. The outermost walled enclosure has three gates, the northern gate is used regularly. The inner east gate is the entry to the assembly hall, which is a large sized open hall designed with a large space in its central part.
It is at the entrance to the sanctum sanctorum and has a profusion of sculptures and paintings over every inch of space on the columns and ceiling. The images on the pillars and walls are of divine beings, saints, guardians, musicians, dancers and 14 avatars of Shiva. Figurines of the goddesses Ganga and Yamuna flank the entrance to the sanctum. The exterior columns of this hall are built over a decorated plinth; the decorations are in the form of blocks of carved images of horses and soldiers. The columns are slim and have features of colonnettes carved with eaves, overhanging in a curved shape. The open space in the middle part of the hall is defined by large columns or piers which have carvings of triple figures.
In the columns in the northeastern part of the hall, there are images of Natesha flanked by Brahma and a drummer. In an adjoining column there are figurines of nymphs in dancing postures, flanked by a drummer and cymbalist. The column at the southwest part of the hall has an image of Parvathi, Shiva's consort, flanked by female attendants. There are also carvings of divinities such as Bhringi with three legs and Bhikshatana carved in a dancing posture; this is in the northwestern part of the hall. The ceiling of the hall is fully covered with mural paintings depicting the scenes from the epics, the Mahabharata, the Ramayana, and the Puranas along with the life sketches of the benefactors of the temple.
The paintings in each bay on the ceiling of the main mandapa, the antarala and other shrines, depict the grandeur of Vijayanagara pictorial art. They are painted over an initial plaster layer of lime mortar. The colour scheme consists of vegetable and mineral colours of yellow, ochre, black, blue and green blended with lime water; the background is generally painted in red colour. Apart from figures of gods and goddesses, in the presence of the devotees arranged in rows, the frescoes also depict the incarnations of Vishnu. The paintings are in striking compositions where the particular emphasis is on the period costumes and facial expressions.
The fresco in the ceiling of ardha mantapa (ante chamber), which is said to be Asia's largest, measures . It has frescoes of the 14 avatars of Lord Shiva as: Yogadakshinamurti, Chandes Anugraha Murthy, Bhikshatana, Harihara, Ardhanarishwara, Kalyanasundara, Tripurantaka, Nataraja, Gouriprasadaka, Lingodbhava, Andhakasurasmahara and so forth.
The presiding deity deified in the sanctum sanctorum is a near life-size image of Veerabhadra, fully armed and decorated with skulls. There is a cave chamber in the sanctum where sage Agasthya is said to have lived when he installed the image of the Linga here. The ceiling in the sanctum above the deity has paintings of the builders of the temple, Virupanna and Viranna, regally dressed and crowned with headgear similar to those adorning the Krishnadevaraya's bronze statue in Tirupati. They are depicted, with their entourage, in a state of reverential prayer, being offered sacred ashes of their family deity.
Within the temple complex, on the eastern wing, there is a separate chamber with Shiva and his consort Parvathi carved on a boulder. In another shrine chamber there is an image of Lord Vishnu.
Within the temple precincts, to its eastern side, there is huge boulder of granite stone which has carving of coiled multi-hooded serpent providing an umbrella cover over a Linga.
The apparently "hanging pillar" is yet another attraction in the temple. There is a gap between the base of the pillar and ground through which cloth and paper can be passed, as the pillar is slightly dislodged and touching the ground only on one side.
A huge granite Nandi (bull), in height and in length, bedecked with garlands and bells, carved out of a single block stone, is located about from the temple, which faces the statue of the serpent in the precincts of the temple.

</doc>
<doc id="7046296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046296" title="Helen Muir">
Helen Muir

Isabella Helen Mary Muir CBE FRS (20 August 1920 – 28 November 2005) was a British biochemist. She did pioneering work on the causes of osteoarthritis.
Personal life.
Early life.
Muir was born in India to G. B. F. (Basil) Muir and Gladys Helen Mary, and spent the first 10 years of her life there. Until moving to Europe in 1930, Muir had no formal education and was educated by her mother. At the age of 10, Muir began her general education at a boarding school in Montreux, Switzerland and at the Downe House in Berkshire, England. She began attending Somerville College in Oxford, England in 1940, with the original intentions of studying medicine. However, under the influence of her tutor, Dorothy Hodgkin, she switched her area of focus to chemistry. She graduated in 1944 with a second-class degree. She then went on to earn her Doctor of Philosophy in 1947 for a thesis on the chemical synthesis of penicillin – the supply of penicillin to stop wound infection was of high priority, as she did her research during World War II.
Adult life.
Muir, a "fiery redhead", never married. The year after she earned her PhD, she worked as a research fellow at the Sir William Dunn School of Pathology at the University of Oxford. Albert Neuberger then recruited her into a new group in London in the biochemical division of the National Institute for Medical Research, and she moved to Mill Hill in 1949. Muir's interests shifted to biology under Neuberger, as he was studying the origin of haem biosynthesis. Muir published her first major papers with Neuberger in the Biochemical Journal in 1949 and 1950 on the biogenesis of porphyrins. This initial work led to Muir's interest in collagen and human connective tissues. 
She was awarded an Empire Rheumatism Fellowship with research space at St. Mary's Medical School in London.
For most of Muir's career, she worked at the Kennedy Institute of Rheumatology in Hammersmith, the world's first specialist rheumatology institute. 
She was recruited to head a research division at The Kennedy Institute in 1966. During her time at the Institute, she published papers in the Biochemical Journal and Nature. 
She then went on to become the Institute's director in 1977, the same year she was one of only a few women made a Fellow of the Royal Society. 
Muir's group at the Kennedy Institute worked discovering the structure and functions of proteoglycans, proteins that make up a large part of cartilage.
She is largely credited with discovering and exploring the varied causes of osteoarthritis and with illuminating the biochemical causes of the condition, which had previously been considered unworthy of study.
Muir retired from the Kennedy Institute in 1990.
Later life and death.
Muir retired to Yorkshire, where her interest in science and medicine continued. She added solar panelling to her house and worked to preserve the habitats of local wildlife. After battling breast cancer for several years, she died on 28 November 2005 in her home near Bedale, Yorkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="7046299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046299" title="Michael Benjamin">
Michael Benjamin

Michael Benjamin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7046300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046300" title="Isabella Helen Mary Muir">
Isabella Helen Mary Muir



</doc>
<doc id="7046305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046305" title="Anthony Hallam">
Anthony Hallam

Anthony Hallam, aka Tony Hallam, (23 December 1933 – 23 October 2017) was a British geologist, palaeontologist and writer. His research interests concentrated on the Jurassic Period, with particular reference to stratigraphy, sea level changes and palaeontology. He was also interested in mass extinctions, especially the end Triassic event.
Biography.
Born in Leicester and having attended local schools, Hallam won an exhibition to St John's College, Cambridge, graduating with a double first class degree in geology in 1955. He remained at Cambridge University as researcher under the supervision of the late William Joscelyn Arkell, widely regarded as the expert on the Jurassic Period at that time. His thesis involved the study of the alternating limestone – shale rhythms of the Lower Jurassic of Southern England. He also published work on the evolution of "Gryphaea", an extinct species of oyster. He was awarded a PhD in 1959 for a thesis entitled "Stratigraphical studies in some Liassic rocks".
Following a period as lecturer at the University of Edinburgh (1958–67), Hallam moved to the University of Oxford as lecturer in geology. He was also a Fellow of New College, Oxford. It was during this time that he continued his research into the controversial evolution of "Gryphaea", publishing several papers with the late Stephen Jay Gould.
Hallam was appointed Lapworth Professor of geology at the University of Birmingham in 1977. This prestigious chair was named in honour of Charles Lapworth, the first Professor of geology at that university. Following retirement in 1999, Hallam remained at Birmingham University as professor emeritus.
He directly supervised over 35 graduate research students, including Bruce Sellwood (1967–70) and Geoff Townson (1968–71).
Publications.
He has written over 200 research papers and is the author or editor of more than twelve books, including "Jurassic Environments", "Great Geological Controversies" and "Catastrophes and Lesser Calamities: The Causes of Mass Extinctions".
Awards.
He was awarded the Lyell Medal by the Geological Society of London in 1990. In 2007, he was awarded the Lapworth Medal, by the Palaeontological Association, that Society's highest award.
Personal life.
Hallam was a very active researcher, undertaking field trips and attending conferences well into retirement. In his spare time he enjoyed watching football, the arts, cinema and travel.

</doc>
<doc id="7046308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046308" title="Dikiri and trikiri">
Dikiri and trikiri



</doc>
<doc id="7046314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046314" title="Walthamstow East (UK Parliament constituency)">
Walthamstow East (UK Parliament constituency)

Walthamstow East was a parliamentary constituency in what was then the Municipal Borough of Walthamstow in east London. It returned one Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, elected by the first-past-the-post voting system.
The constituency was created for the 1918 general election, and abolished for the February 1974 general election, when it was combined with part of the former Walthamstow West to form the new Walthamstow constituency. However, Hale End ward was added to the new Chingford constituency.
Boundaries.
1918–1950: The Urban District of Walthamstow wards of Hale End, Hoe Street, and Wood Street.
1950–1974: The Borough of Walthamstow wards of Hale End, Hoe Street, and Wood Street.

</doc>
<doc id="7046317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046317" title="2006 French motorcycle Grand Prix">
2006 French motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2006 French motorcycle Grand Prix was the fifth race of the 2006 Motorcycle Grand Prix season. It took place on the weekend of 19–21 May 2006 at the Le Mans Bugatti circuit.
Championship standings after the race (MotoGP).
Below are the standings for the top five riders and constructors after round five has concluded.

</doc>
<doc id="7046318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046318" title="King Col">
King Col



</doc>
<doc id="7046320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046320" title="Rar file">
Rar file



</doc>
<doc id="7046325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046325" title="POSIX 1003.2">
POSIX 1003.2



</doc>
<doc id="7046326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046326" title="Johann Michael Sailer">
Johann Michael Sailer

Johann Michael Sailer (17 October 1751, in Aresing – 20 May 1832, in Regensburg) was a German Jesuit theologian and philosopher, and Bishop of Regensburg. Sailer was a major contributor to the Catholic Enlightenment.
Biography.
Sailer was born at Aresing in Upper Bavaria on 17 October 1751 as the son of a poor Catholic shoemaker and his wife. Until his tenth year, he attended the primary school in his native town. After this he was a pupil in the gymnasium at Munich. In 1770 he entered the Society of Jesus at Landsberg in Upper Bavaria as a novice; upon the suppression of the Society in 1773, he continued his theological and philosophical studies at Ingolstadt. In 1775 he was ordained priest; 1777-80 he was a tutor of philosophy and theology, and from 1780 second professor of dogmatics at Ingolstadt.
Along with many others, he lost his position in 1781 when the Elector Charles Theodore transferred theological instruction to the monasteries. In the years 1781-84, while engaged in literary work, Sailer attracted the attention of the elector and Bishop Clement Wenceslaus. In 1784 the latter called Sailer to Dillingen as professor of pastoral theology and ethics. Sailer held this position for ten years, earning a high reputation.
His opponents, professors of Dillingen and Rossle, the principal of the school at Pfaffenhausen, succeeded in limiting Sailer's activities in 1793 and in securing his sudden dismissal in 1794. Sailer went to visit his friend Winkelhofer at Munich. Pursued there by his opponents, he went to his friend Beck at Ebersberg. Here he devoted himself to literary work until he was called in 1799 to a professorship at Ingolstadt. In 1800 he was transferred along with the university to Landshut, where he taught pastoral and moral theology, pedagogics, homiletics, liturgy and catechetics.
Celebrated as a teacher and a writer, Sailer was repeatedly called to other positions, was on terms of friendship with distinguished Catholics and Protestants, and was universally revered by his pupils, among whom was the Crown Prince Louis, later King of Bavaria. In 1818 Sailer declined the offer of the Prussian Government to appoint him as Archbishop of Cologne; in 1819 the Bavarian Government, through the influence of the Crown Prince Louis, nominated him as Bishop of Augsburg, but the nomination was rejected by the Holy See. In 1821, however, after he had sufficiently justified himself, Sailer was appointed cathedral canon of Ratisbon, in 1822 as auxiliary bishop and coadjutor with right of succession, in 1825 as cathedral provost, and in 1829 as Bishop of Ratisbon.
As bishop he supported his choral vicar Karl Proske, in Proske's attempts to revive ancient church music.
Sailer lived in an era known as the "Enlightenment", which in its radical form disputed the fundamental dogmas of Christianity. It was characterized by contempt for Christian mysticism, a new worldliness of the clergy, relaxation of ecclesiastical discipline, denial of the primacy of papal jurisdiction, efforts of the State to gain control of the Church, turbulent reforms within the Church, and what many considered to be over-emphasis of intellect in education.
By contrast, Sailer defended fundamental principles of Christianity and traditional practice, striving for a faith to be expressed in charity, for the maintenance of godliness, and for the training of a pious and intelligent clergy. He also insisted that the pulpit should be reserved solely for the preaching of the Gospel, and that the bishops should be in union with the Pope. He upheld the primacy of the papacy and defended the freedom and rights of the Church against the encroachments of the State. He ardently desired ecclesiastical reform, not through unauthorized agencies but by the appointed organs of the Church; and he demanded that education should aim at training both mind and will.
Sailer labored for the Christian ideal by his winning personality, by his utterances as teacher, parish priest and preacher, and by his numerous written works. They were philosophical, theological, devotional and biographical in character. He died on 20 May 1832 at Ratisbon.
Sailer attracted numerous people to Christianity and the Catholic Church. Notwithstanding his fruitful activity and his benevolence, Sailer had antagonists who opposed him partly from jealousy, partly from misunderstanding and ill-will; he was accused of heterodoxy, indifferentism and mysticism. If Sailer is judged in connection with his times, these reproaches are unfounded. In his day Sailer was a pillar of the Church. Goyau wrote about Sailer in his "L'Allemagne religieuse" (Paris, 1905): 
"With Sailer German piety, both Protestant and Catholic, learned again to pray. This is the peculiar characteristic of his activity. Do not expect from him any religious polemics; he abhorred them; what he really cherished was the idea of a sort of cooperation of the various Christian bodies against the negations of infidelity. Sailer made a breach in Rationalism, by opposing to it a piety in which both Christian bodies could unite" (pp. 294, 295).
The best edition of his works is "J.M. Sailers samtliche Werke unter Anleitung des Verfassers", ed. Joseph Widmer, 40 volumes, Sulzbach, 1830–41; supplementary volume, 1845.
Legacy.
Johann-Michael-Sailer Gymnasium, a high school in Dillingen, is named after Sailer.
There is a monument to Johann Michael Sailer in Kardinal-von-Waldburg-Strasse, Dillingen and der Donau. It stands outside the Akademie für Lehrerfortbildung und Personalführung, the building in which Johann Michael Sailer was professor of pastoral theology and ethics from 1784 to 1794.

</doc>
<doc id="7046334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046334" title="List of diplomatic missions of the Federated States of Micronesia">
List of diplomatic missions of the Federated States of Micronesia

This is a list of diplomatic missions of the Federated States of Micronesia. The Federated States of Micronesia became independent from the United States in 1986.
The FSM maintains permanent embassies in five Asia-Pacific nations: Australia, China, Fiji, Japan and the United States. The FSM also maintains three resident consulates in Honolulu, HI, Portland, Oregon and Tamuning, GU.

</doc>
<doc id="7046340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046340" title="Bots">
Bots

Bots may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7046343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046343" title="A Midsummer Night's Dream (1935 film)">
A Midsummer Night's Dream (1935 film)

A Midsummer Night's Dream is a 1935 American film adaptation of the Shakespearean play of the same name. It is directed by Max Reinhardt and William Dieterle, produced by Warner Bros., and stars James Cagney, Mickey Rooney, Olivia de Havilland (in her film debut), Jean Muir, Joe E. Brown, Dick Powell, Ross Alexander, Anita Louise, Victor Jory and Ian Hunter. The screenplay, written by Charles Kenyon and Mary C. McCall Jr., is adapted from Reinhardt's Hollywood Bowl production of the play from the previous year.
Felix Mendelssohn's music was extensively used, as re-orchestrated by Erich Wolfgang Korngold. The ballet sequences featuring the fairies were choreographed by Ballets Russes veteran Bronislava Nijinska.
The film opened on October 30, 1935. It initially received mixed reviews and was a financial failure, but retrospective reviews have been far more positive, and it is considered one of the best film versions of Shakespeare's play.
Plot.
Act One
A beautiful young woman named Hermia is in love with Lysander and wishes to marry him. Her father Egeus, however, has instructed her to marry Demetrius, whom he has chosen for her. When Hermia refuses to obey, stating she is in love with Lysander, her father invokes before Duke Theseus of Athens an ancient Athenian law that states a daughter must marry the suitor chosen by her father, or face death. Theseus offers her another choice—to live a life of chastity as a nun and worship the goddess Diana.
Meanwhile, Peter Quince and his fellow players gather to produce a stage play about the cruel death of Pyramus and Thisbe in honor of the Duke and his upcoming marriage to Hippolyta. Quince reads the names of characters and assigns them to the players. Nick Bottom, who is playing the main role of Pyramus, is over-enthusiastic and suggests himself for the characters of Thisbe, the Lion, and Pyramus at the same time. He also prefers being a tyrant and recites some lines of Ercles. Quince ends the meeting instructing his players to meet at the Duke's oak tree.
In the forest outside Athens, Oberon, the king of the fairies, and Titania his queen, are having an argument. Titania tells Oberon that she plans to stay there to attend the wedding of Duke Theseus and Hippolyta. Oberon and Titania are estranged: She refuses to give her Indian changeling to Oberon for use as his knight because the child's mother was one of Titania's worshippers. Wanting to punish Titania's disobedience, Oberon instructs his mischievous court jester Puck to retrieve a flower called "love-in-idleness". Originally a white flower, it turns purple when struck by Cupid's bow. When someone applies the magical love potion to a sleeping person's eyelids, it makes the victim fall in love with the first living creature seen upon awakening.
Oberon comes across a sleeping Titania and applies the love potion to her eyes. He intends to make Titania fall in love with the first creature she sees when waking up, which he is sure will be an animal of the forest. Oberon's intent is to shame Titania into giving up the little Indian changeling.
Meanwhile, Hermia and Lysander have escaped to the same forest in hopes of eloping. Demetrius, who is also in love with Hermia, pursues them into the forest. He is followed by Helena, who is desperate to reclaim Demetrius' love. Helena continues to make advances toward Demetrius, promising to love him more than Hermia, but he rebuffs her with cruel insults. When Oberon sees this, he orders Puck to spread some of the love potion on the eyelids of Demetrius. When Puck later discovers the sleeping Lysander, he mistakes him for Demetrius—not having seen either before—and administers the love potion to the sleeping Lysander.
During the night, Helena comes across the sleeping Lysander and wakes him up while attempting to determine whether he is dead or asleep. When he lays eyes on her, Lysander immediately falls in love with Helena. Meanwhile, the mischievous Puck turns Bottom into a donkey (from the neck up). When Titania wakes up and lays eyes on Bottom as a donkey, she falls in love with him. Oberon finds the abandoned changeling and takes him away.
Act Two
When Oberon sees Demetrius still following Hermia, he instructs Puck to bring Helena to him while he applies the love potion to the sleeping Demetrius' eyes. Upon waking up, Demetrius sees Helena, and now both Lysander and Demetrius are in love with Helena, who is convinced that her two suitors are simply mocking her. When Hermia encounters Helena with her two suitors, she accuses Helena of stealing Lysander away from her. The four quarrel with each other until Lysander and Demetrius become so enraged that they seek a place to duel each other to prove whose love for Helena is the greatest. Oberon orders Puck to keep Lysander and Demetrius from catching up with one another and to remove the charm from Lysander. After Puck applies the potion to the sleeping Lysander's eyes, he returns to loving Hermia, while Demetrius continues to love Helena. And Titania is still in love with the donkey-headed Bottom.
Oberon leads all the fairies away with the changeling at his side. Having achieved his goals, Oberon releases Titania from her spell and they leave together in love once again. Following Oberon's instructions, Puck removes the donkey's head from Bottom, and arranges everything so that Hermia, Lysander, Demetrius, and Helena all believe that they have been dreaming when they awaken. Together they return from the forest to attend the wedding of Duke Theseus and Hippolyta. When Theseus sees Hermia and her father Egeus, and seeing that Demetrius does not love Hermia any more, Theseus overrules Egeus's demands and arranges a group wedding—Hermia to marry Lysander, and Helena to marry Demetrius. The lovers decide that the previous night's events must have been a dream.
That night at the wedding, they all watch Bottom and his fellow players perform "Pyramus and Thisbe". Unprepared as they are, the performers are so terrible playing their roles that the guests laugh as if it were meant to be a comedy. Before the encore, the guests sneak away and retire to bed. Afterwards, Oberon, Titania, Puck, and the other fairies enter, and bless the house and its occupants with good fortune. After everyone leaves, Puck suggests to the audience that what they just experienced might be nothing but a dream.
Cast.
The Athenian Court
The Players
The Fairies
Background.
At the time of production, legendary avante garde stage director Max Reinhardt had just arrived in the United States as a refugee from the imminent Nazi takeover of Austria. His arrival in America followed a long and distinguished career, "inspired by the example of social participation in the ancient Greek and Medieval theatres", of seeking "to bridge the separation between actors and audiences".
1934 Hollywood Bowl production.
Reinhardt previously directed an acclaimed, lavish staging of "A Midsummer Night's Dream" at the Hollywood Bowl. According to the "Los Angeles Times", the production operated "on the scale of a small military operation, the production featured an ensemble of more than 400 artists, including 18 principals, 60 or so dancers and several hundred extras. The Bowl was reconfigured for the occasion. The band shell was dismantled and put in storage. A gigantic stage was built and covered with green sod, heavy foliage and oak trees shipped in from Calabasas."
The production utilized Felix Mendelssohn's music composed for the play, with ballet sequences choreographed by Theodore Kosloff and Nini Theilade. Costumes were designed by Max Rée. The opening cast featured Mickey Rooney (Puck), Olivia de Havilland (Hermia), David Lawrence (Theseus), Ingeborg Tillish (Hippolyta), Hollis Davenny (Egeus), Richard Stark (Lysander), George Walcott (Demetrius), Marion Shilling (Helena), and Leif Erickson (Oberon). De Havilland was originally an understudy for Gloria Stuart, who dropped out before opening night due to illness.
Production.
Casting.
Many of the actors in this version never had performed Shakespeare and would not do so again, especially Cagney and Brown, who were nevertheless highly acclaimed for their performances. Many critics agreed that Dick Powell was miscast as Lysander, and Powell concurred with the critics' verdict.
Although the cast of the stage play was mostly replaced by Warner Brothers contract players, de Havilland and Mickey Rooney were chosen to reprise their original roles. This was de Havilland's motion picture debut.
Avant-garde director Kenneth Anger claimed in his book "Hollywood Babylon II" to have played the changeling prince in this film when he was a child, but in fact the role was played by child actress Sheila Brown.
Filming.
Max Reinhardt did not speak English at the time of the film's production. He instead gave orders to the actors and crew in Austrian German while fellow refugee and longtime Reinhardt collaborator William Dieterle acted as his interpreter.
The shooting schedule had to be rearranged after Mickey Rooney broke his leg while tobogganing at Big Pines, California. Since the production was too expensive to be delayed, Rooney's remaining scenes had to be shot with a stand-in, George Breakston, for the running and elfin sequences. Foliage had to be used to conceal his broken leg, as well as holes in the floor to complete Rooney's scenes. According to Rooney's memoirs, Jack L. Warner was furious and said he wanted to kill Rooney, bring him back to life, and then break his other leg.
The relatively new material cellophane was used in ample amounts for the 1935 film—700,000 yards—to create the illusion of fairyland.
Release and distribution.
Cancellations.
At the time, cinemas entered into a contract to show the film, but had the right to pull out within a specified period of time. Cancellations usually ran between 20 and 50. The film established a new record with 2,971 cancellations. Booking agents had failed to correctly identify the film.
Run times.
The film was first released at 133 minutes, but was edited to 118 minutes for its general release run. The full 133 minute version was not seen again until it was shown on cable television in 1994. The film was then reissued at its full length on VHS (its first video release was of the edited version). Later showings on Turner Classic Movies have restored the film's pre-credits Overture and its Exit Music, neither of which had been heard since its 1935 road show presentations. In August 2007, it was released on DVD for the first time, both individually and as part of a box set known as "The Shakespeare Collection".
Critical response.
The film failed at the box office and received mixed reviews, with the cinematography, the use of Mendelssohn's music, and the dance sequences being highly praised. Although James Cagney was acclaimed for his performance, Warner Bros. was criticized by film critic Richard Watts, Jr. for "weakening" enough to cast an actor "whose performance is not much short of fatal", referring to box-office favorite Dick Powell, then in his "Hollywood crooner" phase, who reportedly realized he was completely wrong for the role of Lysander and asked to be taken off the film, to no avail.
The film was banned by the Ministry of Propaganda in an infamous example of censorship in Nazi Germany. This was due not only to Joseph Goebbels' belief that the filmmaking style, which drew heavily upon German expressionist cinema, was degenerate art, but even more so due to the Jewish ancestry of director Max Reinhardt. For precisely the same reason, everything by Classical music composer Felix Mendelssohn and soundtrack arranger Erich Wolfgang Korngold had already been banned by Goebbels Ministry as allegedly degenerate music.&lt;ref name="forbiddenmusic/reinhardt-circus"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
The reviewer for "Variety" wrote of the film: "Question of whether a Shakespearean play can be successfully produced on a lavish scale for the films is affirmatively answered by this commendable effort. (...) The fantasy, the ballets of the Oberon and Titania cohorts, and the characters in the eerie sequences are convincing and illusion compelling. Film is replete with enchanting scenes, beautifully photographed and charmingly presented. All Shakespearian devotees will be pleased at the soothing treatment given to the Mendelssohn score. (...) The women are uniformly better than the men. They get more from their lines. The selection of Dick Powell to play Lysander was unfortunate. He never seems to catch the spirit of the play or role. And Mickey Rooney, as Puck, is so intent on being cute that he becomes almost annoying. There are some outstanding performances, however, notably Victor Jory as Oberon. His clear, distinct diction indicates what can be done by careful recitation and good recording; Olivia de Havilland, as Hermia, is a fine artist here; others are Jean Muir, Verree Teasdale and Anita Louise, the latter beautiful as Titania but occasionally indistinct in her lines."
In "The New York Times", Andre Sennwald wrote that the film was "no masterpiece" but a "brave, beautiful and interesting effort" with "magical moments when it all comes alive," praising its "high ambitions and unflagging interest... a credit to Warner Brothers and the motion picture industry." He praised Korngold's "magnificent" score and Dieterle's direction as "enormously skillful in executing a narrative counterpoint for the four distinct situations," but was critical of the ballets, the goblins, and the "clever mechanical tricks" such as the visible wire suspending Puck in space." Sennwald also praised the clowns, writing that Brown's was "the best performance in the show" and calling Herbert and McHugh "uproarious." Rooney's "remarkable" puck was "one of the major delights of the work," but Cagney was "too dynamic" to play the "dullard" Bottom, and the "earnest sobriety" of Jory's Oberon "scarcely seems appropriate" to the "antic" fairy king.
Writing for "The Spectator" in 1935, Graham Greene discussed the mixed contemporary reviews of the film and claimed for himself that he had enjoyed the film - something Greene speculated might be attributed to his lack of affection for the play. He characterized the acting as "fresh and vivid" due to its lack of "proper Shakespearian diction and bearing"; however, he criticized the film's direction, noting that Reinhardt seemed "uncertain of his new medium" and that "much of the production is poised [...] on the edge of absurdity because Herr Reinhardt cannot visualize how his ideas will work out on the screen".
Today, the film gets mostly good reviews. Emanuel Levy praised it as "[b]old and impressive." , Reinhardt's "A Midsummer Night's Dream" holds a 91% rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 8 reviews.
Awards and honors.
The film won two Academy Awards: 
It was nominated for: 
Hal Mohr was not nominated for his work on the movie; he won the Oscar thanks to a grass-roots write-in campaign. It was Mohr who decided that the trees should be sprayed with orange paint, giving them the eerie glow which added to the "fairyland" effect in the film. The next year, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences declared that it would no longer accept write-in votes for the awards.
Music.
Felix Mendelssohn's music was used, but re-orchestrated by Erich Wolfgang Korngold. Not all of it was from the incidental music that Mendelssohn had composed for "A Midsummer Night's Dream" in 1843. Other pieces used were excerpts from the Symphony No. 3 "Scottish", the Symphony No. 4 "Italian", and the "Songs without Words", among others.
"Shakespeare in Hollywood".
Originally commissioned by the Royal Shakespeare Company, American playwright Ken Ludwig's play, "Shakespeare in Hollywood", had its world premiere in September 2004 at Arena Stage in Washington, D.C. It won the Helen Hayes Award for Best New Play. Oberon and Puck are magically transported to 1934 Hollywood and become embroiled—and cast—in the troubled production of this film. "Real" characters in the cast include Jack Warner, Max Reinhardt, Will Hays, Joe E. Brown, and Jimmy Cagney. "When the enchantment of the silver screen meets the magic of Fairyland, all merry hell breaks loose, and we are treated to transformations, chase scenes, and the kind of havoc that only that certain love-juice can wreak. "Shakespeare in Hollywood" is a supernatural screwball romp, full of entertainment, and even a little bit of education."

</doc>
<doc id="7046345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046345" title="Rugby League Charity Shield (australia)">
Rugby League Charity Shield (australia)



</doc>
<doc id="7046356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046356" title="Aura, Michigan">
Aura, Michigan

Aura is a small unincorporated community in Arvon Township of Baraga County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The area is approximately northeast of L'Anse and four miles (6 km) east of Pequaming.
History.
In the 1870s, the land on the Abbaye Peninsula was still mostly the property of the Chippewa Native Americans. In 1877, the Hebard and Thurberg Lumber Company leased the peninsula from the chief, David King. They built a large steam-powered sawmill the following year and established sixteen lumber camps. The principal Chippewa village, known as Pe-qua-qua-wa-ming, is now Pequaming. The mill produced up to 25 million board feet of lumber annually and employed as many as 650 men. After the death of King, his heirs sold the entire peninsula to Charles Hebard and his company. The land and the sawmill were later owned by Henry Ford.
Towards the end of the Copper Country Strike of 1913-1914 that affected mining interests throughout the Copper Country region of Michigan, Hebard began selling off harvested lands in the middle of the Abbaye peninsula on reasonable terms, of $300 for with only a small cash downpayment to stake a claim. Many jobless Finnish miners moved there to begin farming the land. The first settlers in June 1914 were Tobias Hiltunen and his family, who purchased Camp Number 3 and which had buildings in habitable condition. Other Finnish families arrived later that summer. They named the place "Aura" (Finnish: "Plow"), because someone had found an old plow on the land, apparently left by loggers.
A post office was opened December 19, 1921, and the first postmaster was Hilda Mytty. It was discontinued on February 1, 1974, and was a CPO until February 20, 1982.
Geography.
Situated on the Abbaye Peninsula between Keweenaw Bay and Huron Bay, this small farming settlement consisted of approximately fifteen square miles in both Arvon and L'Anse townships. Historically, the rich clay loam has been most suitable for potatoes, hay, wheat, oats, and other grains, although active farming has declined over the years.

</doc>
<doc id="7046357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046357" title="United States v. Kirby Lumber Company">
United States v. Kirby Lumber Company



</doc>
<doc id="7046362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046362" title="National Farmers Union of Fiji">
National Farmers Union of Fiji

The National Farmers Union ("NFU"') is one of Fiji's largest trade unions. It was launched in Labasa in July 1978 under the auspices of the Fiji Trades Union Congress, with Mahendra Pal Chaudhry as its first General Secretary. The union was initially based in Vanua Levu but gradually extended its operations to Viti Levu.
Early Years as a Vanua Levu based Union.
Although the union was initially only based in Vanua Levu, it had an immediate impact on Fiji's sugar industry, as it exposed the corruption in allocating newly released cane farming land to Minister's wives. It also successfully objected to the appointment of Government representatives to the Sugar Cane Growers Council. In 1981, the NFU had its first major dispute with the Fiji Sugar Corporation (FSC) when it sought compensation for losses incurred by farmers due to the abnormal closure of the Labasa Mill. In the early 1980s, the NFU joined other farmers' unions under an umbrella organisation known as, the Joint Committee of Cane Growers Associations, to take part in the restructure if the sugar industry in Fiji. In 1985, the NFU took industrial action to raise the forecast price of sugar cane from $17.50 per ton to $20 per ton. The NFU also assisted farmers who had suffered losses due to natural disasters.
As a National Union.
In 1986, the NFU extended its activities to Viti Levu, and branches were formed in all cane growing districts. Negotiations for a new master award began in 1989 under difficult circumstances as Fiji was under a military dictatorship following the coups in 1987. The NFU asked for 80% of the proceeds from sugar sales to be given to the farmers and a relaxation of the burnt cane penalty. The Sugar Tribunal, instead, decreased the growers' share of proceeds and increased burnt cane penalties. When the FSC refused to entertain any further discussions, the NFU took the matter before the courts. It lost the case but lodged an appeal. While the appeal was in progress, the NFU launched an industrial campaign and held mass rallies. On 30 June 1990, the regime agreed to return to the existing cane contract. Following this win by the NFU, the regime continued to intimidate its leaders but was unsuccessful, mainly due to support from overseas unions and sugar consuming countries.
Main Union for Sugar Cane Growers.
An indication of the support enjoyed by the NFU was evident in the general elections of 1992 when Labour Party candidates, supported by NFU won all but one of the rural seats. The Sugar Cane Growers Council elections were held, for the first time since the 1987 coup, in March 1992 and the NFU won 33 of the 38 Council seats.
During the 1997-1998 drought, the NFU asked the Government to assist the farmers. After the Government refused, the NFU boycotted harvesting, forcing the Government to provide farmers with a cash grant and rehabilitation assistance.
Competition with rival union.
To undermine the support of NFU, the NFP decided to set up a rival organisation, the Fiji Cane Growers Association, which resulted in the farmers being split although the NFU still enjoys majority support. The support for the two unions can be gauged by the composition of the Sugar Cane Growers Council, which has 38 members elected by the farmers and eight members nominated by the Government. The Sugar Cane Growers Council election is held every three years.
In the 1998 Sugar Cane Growers Council elections, the NFU won 22 seats. In 2001, the National Farmers Union won 21 seats while the Fiji Cane Growers Association won 16 seats. One seat went to an independent. In 2004, the NFU retained its majority in the Sugar Cane Growers Council, winning 22 of the 38 seats contested. It had increased its support by one seat compared to the last results while its rival, the NFP-backed Fiji Cane Growers Association managed only fourteen seats, down two seats from the previous elections. The remaining two seats went to independent candidates. National Farmers Union polled 52 per cent of all votes cast compared to the Fiji Cane Growers Association's 42 percent.
The eight members nominated by the Government and the two independent candidates hold the balance of power. Since the NFU is supported by the Government Party's main rival, the Fiji Labour Party, Government appointees to the Council have always been rivals of the NFU.

</doc>
<doc id="7046364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046364" title="Toe Jam &amp; Earl">
Toe Jam &amp; Earl



</doc>
<doc id="7046366" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046366" title="Takht-e Suleyman Massif">
Takht-e Suleyman Massif

Takht-e Soleyman Massif () is a subrange of central Alborz mountains, in northern Iran. In the area, about 160 distinct peaks higher than 4,000m are distinguishable, with the highest: Alam Kuh, 4,850m. The area can be captured inside a rectangle of 30 km width and 40 km length. The massif is limited to Taleqan valley from south, Kelardasht green plane from east, Abbas Abad rain forest &amp; thick vegetated hills/slopes at north, and Shahsavar rain forests and Se Hezar valley at west.
Discovery.
The original and pre Islamic name is Takht-e-Jamshid - The Takht-e-Soleiman region was virtually unknown until the 1930s. Freya Stark travelled there in 1931 and described her thwarted efforts to climb Takht-e Suleyman in "The Valleys of the Assassins". Douglas Busk, a British mountaineer, explored the area in 1932, and made the first recorded ascent of Alam Kuh in 1933 via the east ridge. Later on, Busk along with Professor Bobek made a detailed survey of this area. 

</doc>
<doc id="7046367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046367" title="King Lune">
King Lune



</doc>
<doc id="7046389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046389" title="King Ram">
King Ram



</doc>
<doc id="7046391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046391" title="Lesvi">
Lesvi

Lesvi is a Roman Catholic titular bishopric in the former ecclesiastical province of Mauretania Sitifensis, suffragan of Sitifis, or Sétif, in modern Algeria. It is not, as is sometimes stated, the Island of Lesbos, which never was a titular bishopric, but possesses two titular archbishoprics: Mytilene and Methymna.
The "" describes Lesvi as situated twenty-five miles from Tupusuctu or Tiklat and eighteen miles from Horrea Aninici (now Ain-Roua, south of Béjaïa). The town was therefore located on the Bou Sellam River. However, there are no archaeological remains.
Bishops.
Two bishops of the ancient diocese of Lesvi are recorded: 
The diocese was nominally restored as a Catholic titular bishopric, which has been held by the following bishops:

</doc>
<doc id="7046392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046392" title="Pilot (Vanished)">
Pilot (Vanished)



</doc>
<doc id="7046398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046398" title="Island of Lesbos">
Island of Lesbos



</doc>
<doc id="7046404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046404" title="Il ritorno d'Ulisse in Patria">
Il ritorno d'Ulisse in Patria



</doc>
<doc id="7046405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046405" title="Steinert's disease">
Steinert's disease



</doc>
<doc id="7046409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046409" title="LC ALL">
LC ALL



</doc>
<doc id="7046411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046411" title="Couture-sur-Loir">
Couture-sur-Loir

Couture-sur-Loir (, literally "Couture on Loir") is a former commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune Vallée-de-Ronsard.
It is situated in the northwest of the Loir-et-Cher department, to the west of Vendôme. It lies mainly on the left bank of the river Loir.
Geography.
Couture is in the canton of Montoire-sur-le-Loir, which corresponds to the historic Bas-Vendômois district.
Adjacent to the village centre (with a crossroad street pattern) or "bourg" are two parallel settlements, Le Poirier and more distinctly Le Pin.
Economy.
The main industry (apart from farming and tourism) is gravel extraction; excavated areas have been adapted for water sports. A number of inhabitants are employed by the paper manufacturers at Bessé-sur-Braye (Sarthe).
History.
It is first referred to as "Villas culturas" in a charter of the 9th-century bishop of Le Mans, Saint Aldric (earlier references are doubtless fictitious).
A partial source for the history of Couture in the later 17th century are the memoirs of Louis XIV's valet, Marie Dubois, who came from the village.
Sights.
The housing reflects periods of prosperity and villégiature-type occupation in recent centuries.
Renowned for the Renaissance chateau of La Possonnière, birthplace of the poet Pierre de Ronsard, the village also possesses an Angevin-style church dedicated to Saints Gervase and Protase. The church contains the tombstone of Ronsard's parents and is known for its spire.
Personalities.
Notable 20th-century inhabitants have included the Hallopeau and Sainte-Claire Deville families (noted scientists), the academic inspector Jean Pasquier and the Catholic historian François Lebrun. It is also the town where Pierre de Ronsard (1524-1585) was born.

</doc>
<doc id="7046415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046415" title="Mauretania Sitifensis">
Mauretania Sitifensis

Mauretania Sitifensis was a Roman province in Northwest Africa. The capital was Setifis.
History.
In the later division of the Roman Empire under the Emperor Diocletian, the eastern part of Mauretania Caesariensis, from Saldae to the river Ampsaga, was split into a new province, and called Mauretania Sitifensis named after the inland town of Setifis (Setif in modern Algeria).
At the time of Constantine the Great, Mauretania Sitifensis was assigned to the administrative Diocese of Africa, under the Praetorian prefecture of Italy. The new province had a huge economic development in the 4th century, until the conquest by the Vandals. In this province, the Christian denomination known as Donatism challenged the Roman Church (which was the main local religion after Constantine), while Setifis was a center of Mithraism.
After the fall of the Western Roman Empire, certain areas of Mauretania Sitifensis were under Vandal and later Byzantine control, but most of the province (until 578 AD) was ruled by Berber kingdoms like the Kingdom of Altava. Only the coastal area around Saldae and Setifis remained fully Romanized.
Byzantine emperor Maurice in 585 AD created the province of Mauretania Prima and erased the old Mauretania Sitifensis. Indeed, the emperor Maurice in that year created the office of "Exarch", which combined the supreme civil authority of a praetorian prefect and the military authority of a "magister militum", and enjoyed considerable autonomy from Constantinople. Two exarchates were established, one in Italy, with its seat at Ravenna (hence known as the Exarchate of Ravenna), and one in Africa, based at Carthage and including all imperial possessions in the Western Mediterranean. The first African exarch was the "Patricius" Gennadius: he was appointed as "magister militum" "Africae" in 578 AD, and quickly defeated the Romano-Moorish kingdom of Garmul in Mauretania extending the territory of the Mauretania Sitifensis. Among the provincial changes done by emperor Maurice, Mauretania Caesariensis and Mauretania Sitifensis were re-merged as a province of Mauretania Prima.
Mauretania Sitifensis initially had an area of 17800 square miles and had a good agriculture (cereals, etc..), that was exported through the port of Saldae. But under Byzantine control the province was reduced to only the coastal section, with one third of the original area.
Episcopal sees.
Ancient episcopal sees of the late Roman province of Mauretania Sitifensis, listed in the "Annuario Pontificio" as titular sees:

</doc>
<doc id="7046424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046424" title="Kory Kocur">
Kory Kocur

Kory Kocur (born March 6, 1969) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey right winger. Kory was drafted in the 1st round (17th overall) by the Detroit Red Wings in the 1988 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career.
Kocur rose to prominence playing for the Saskatoon Blades of the Western Hockey League. He showed impressive numbers in the 1987–88 season scoring 71 points in 69 games. The Detroit Red Wings took notice and drafted Kocur in hopes he would follow in the footsteps of his cousin, Joe Kocur. He stayed with the Blades for one more season earning his most impressive numbers to date with 102 points in just 66 games. In 1989 Kocur was brought up to the Adirondack Red Wings of the American Hockey League in hopes that he would continue to produce big numbers. For two years he helped add goals for Adirondack, but never reached the level that the Red Wings organization wanted. In 1991, he was moved to the Fort Wayne Komets of the International Hockey League where he returned to form, albeit on a weaker team. Kocur would return to the Adirondack Red Wings in 1992 for two games before retiring from professional hockey, having never reached the NHL.

</doc>
<doc id="7046427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046427" title="Sitifis">
Sitifis



</doc>
<doc id="7046441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046441" title="Robert Lyden">
Robert Lyden

Robert Marinus Lyden (May 28, 1942 – January 17, 1986) was a child actor in the 1950s.
Robert Lyden made his film debut in 1949 with "Holiday Affair" and also played with Doris Day in the musical film "I'll See You in My Dreams" (1951). The child actor is probably best-known for his role as the young space cadet "Bobby" on the 1954 science fiction television show "Rocky Jones, Space Ranger". After "Rocky Jones" (which lasted only two seasons), he made a few more television appearances, and had roles in some feature films. He had a short role in "The Searchers" (1956), in which he played John Wayne's nephew Ben. Also notable was his performance as a young Creighton Chaney in "Man of a Thousand Faces", the 1957 biopic about Lon Chaney starring James Cagney. This turned out to be Lyden's last role; he left show business and pursued a career in finance.

</doc>
<doc id="7046447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046447" title="King Nain">
King Nain



</doc>
<doc id="7046448" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046448" title="Wandsworth Putney (UK Parliament constituency)">
Wandsworth Putney (UK Parliament constituency)



</doc>
<doc id="7046454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046454" title="Georgios Korakakis">
Georgios Korakakis

Georgios Korakakis (; born 9 February 1976) is a Greek professional football manager and former player. He is currently the assistant manager at OH Leuven.
Playing career.
He played mostly in Atromitos F.C. and Chalkidona. He had 261 appearances in the Superleague Greece and Football League. On 14 September 2006, he was the first European Atromitos scorer in the match with Sevilla FC.
Managerial career.
On 18 June 2014, Georgios Korakakis, one of the most emblematic figures in the history of the club returned in Peristeri, as he took over the fortunes of Atromitos U20 for the 2014–15 season.

</doc>
<doc id="7046456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046456" title="Adendum">
Adendum



</doc>
<doc id="7046465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046465" title="Wandsworth Streatham (UK Parliament constituency)">
Wandsworth Streatham (UK Parliament constituency)



</doc>
<doc id="7046470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046470" title="Giorgio Levi della Vida">
Giorgio Levi della Vida



</doc>
<doc id="7046477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046477" title="Today's Announcement! &quot;The Ninjas' Best 5 Battles of sweat and tears! Enjoy this extra compilation&quot; Special">
Today's Announcement! &quot;The Ninjas' Best 5 Battles of sweat and tears! Enjoy this extra compilation&quot; Special



</doc>
<doc id="7046478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046478" title="Eugeniusz Debski">
Eugeniusz Debski



</doc>
<doc id="7046479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046479" title="Laennec's liver cirrhosis">
Laennec's liver cirrhosis



</doc>
<doc id="7046481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046481" title="Thor Power Tool Company v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue">
Thor Power Tool Company v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue



</doc>
<doc id="7046492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046492" title="Canh Thong Do">
Canh Thong Do



</doc>
<doc id="7046496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046496" title="Pequaming, Michigan">
Pequaming, Michigan

Pequaming ( ) is an unincorporated community in L'Anse Township of Baraga County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is located on a narrow point of land that juts into Keweenaw Bay. Although still partially inhabited, Pequaming is one of the largest ghost towns in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
History.
Originally home to an Ojibwe tribe settlement called "Pequaquawaming", which means "the headland", a narrow neck of land almost surrounded by water. The point at Pequaming is in the shape of a bear; the head is called Picnic Point; the tail at the lumberyard, the legs are the two sand beaches, and the back is the shore line. The small Native American village was abandoned by the time American Fur Company trader Peter Crebassa visited in 1836.
In 1877, Charles Hebard and Edward Thurber purchased a large tract of land on Keweenaw Point, favored especially for its deep, protected harbor and easy access to timber. The mill began its operations with a capital of $200,000, with stock owned mostly by the Hebard and Thurber families. The mill site was initially leased from David King, Chief of the local Chippewa tribe, and then purchased from his heirs after his death. The company purchased the town site from Mrs. Eliza Bennett in 1877.
The mill operated under the name of "Hebard and Thurber" until the partnership was dissolved; Hebard became sole proprietor and renamed his company "Charles Hebard and Sons".
At its peak, the company employed a force of two hundred men in the mill working full time, three hundred in the surrounding woods, and nearly a thousand men in all. The company had a stumpage of 100,000 acres (400 km) of timber lands in Marquette, Baraga, Houghton, and Keweenaw counties. The company owned the buildings and surrounding land, but was known as the "lumberman's utopia" because rent and water were free, and wood could be obtained from the mill for a very small sum per load. The town included the mill, a company store, offices, boarding houses, hotel, livery stable, a bowling alley, bath houses, churches, schools, parks, a band and orchestra, ice rink, and over 100 houses.
The Pequaming mill was the first large-scale lumbering and milling operation in the Lake Superior region, and in the years between 1880 and 1900, the mill cut an average of over , in boards and in lath). When officials realized the white pine supply was nearly exhausted, they switched to hemlock and cedar. The pine was made into 1x4 lumber, the cedar into shingles, and hemlock into lath; other products included rail ties and hemlock bark for tanneries. For shipment, the products were loaded into box cars, which were placed onto scows and towed across the bay to Baraga, and then shipped by rail to their destinations. The original sawmill operated until 1887, when it burned in a fire of unknown origins, and was replaced by a larger mill within 60 days.
When Charles Hebard died in 1904, his sons Daniel and Charles inherited the company and continued operations. "The Bungalow", which later became Henry Ford's summer home, was constructed in 1913.
In 1922, the Hebards were approached by Ford Motor Company, who wanted to purchase their timber stands only. Mindful of Pequaming's future, the Hebards convinced Ford to purchase the mill and surrounding town as well, and entered into secret negotiations with the hope of completing the sale before operations began. On September 8, 1923, Ford Motor Company purchased the mill and surrounding town for the sum of $2,850,000; the purchase included the double band sawmill, lath and shingle mills, 40,000 acres (160 km) of timber land, of lumber, of cut logs, the town land and buildings, the railroad, and towing and water equipment.
Renovations on the mill began, and entailed removing the lath and shingle mills, altering the eastern face, dismantling the old burner, and adding a new powerhouse on the west side that housed a triple expansion marine engine from a World War I Liberty boat. After repair and refitting, the sawmill reopened on September 24, with a work force that received $5 per day for an eight-hour shift instead of the previous $3.50 for a longer day.
By the end of February 1925, Ford had connected the Hebard railroad to the Ford railroad in L'Anse, allowing each plant to specialize in one type of wood. Lumber from the Pequaming mill was generally shipped by water to plants in Dearborn, Edgewater, and Chester, mostly in the form of crating lumber. The better grades of lumber were sent by rail to Iron Mountain for use in the auto manufacturing plants. During its peak, the sawmill provided flooring for floorboards, truck boxes, and wood panels for station wagons.
By 1933, car sales had decreased enough due to the Great Depression, that the demand for lumber was nearly nonexistent. As the mill was idled during that period, Henry Ford created other work for residents by establishing a cooperative farm east of town. As an additional measure, the company store adjusted its food prices and donated clothing and shoes to employees and their families. Ford also used the town as a model for his theories on self-reliance and education; he established a vocational school in his summer home (to be used during the school year), and also opened four one-room elementary and intermediate schools in September 1935. In 1937, the company built a high school, which contained state-of-the-art home economics food and clothing labs and a library, as well as the first fluorescent lights in a Michigan school.
In 1935, the company decided to ship its products by truck, and instituted "just in time" shipping for its logging operations. After the United States entered in World War II, the company's ships were diverted, which resulted in the lumber being trucked to L'Anse and then shipped by rail. However, a shortage of truck tires and increased shipping costs prompted the company to close the mill on October 9, 1942, with the last logs sawed on October 28.
Buildings.
Early buildings still in existence today include the water tower, the company store, Henry Ford's summer home and guest house (the "Bungalow"), several houses, and the ruins of the sawmill powerhouse. Today the area boasts many new homes and summer residences.

</doc>
<doc id="7046500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046500" title="Staines Salvation Army">
Staines Salvation Army



</doc>
<doc id="7046507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046507" title="Serie A 2005-2006">
Serie A 2005-2006



</doc>
<doc id="7046510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046510" title="Shenmue online">
Shenmue online



</doc>
<doc id="7046511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046511" title="New Brunswick Broadcasting Co. Ltd.">
New Brunswick Broadcasting Co. Ltd.



</doc>
<doc id="7046512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046512" title="Young at Heart (Bananarama song)">
Young at Heart (Bananarama song)

"Young at Heart" is a song by British female music trio Bananarama from their debut album, "Deep Sea Skiving" (1983). The song was later recorded by Scottish pop group the Bluebells, whose version reached the top of the UK Singles Chart after a re-release in 1993.
Bananarama version.
Bananarama's version of the song is credited to Sara Dallin, Siobhan Fahey and Keren Woodward of Bananarama, and Robert Hodgens of the Bluebells, Fahey's then-boyfriend.
Bluebells version.
"Young at Heart" was reworked in 1984 by the Bluebells, a version originally credited to Hodgens and Fahey upon its re-release in 1993. In 2002, the session musician Bobby Valentino, who performed the violin solo on the Bluebells' version of "Young at Heart", won the right to be recognised as co-author of the song after taking legal action.
The Bluebells' version of the song was a UK top-10 chart success on two occasions, first reaching number eight on the UK Singles Chart during its original release in 1984. Almost a decade later, after the Bluebells had disbanded, the song was re-released as a single on 15 March 1993 after being featured in a British TV advert for the Volkswagen Golf. It became a number-one hit on the UK chart for four weeks, leading to the band reforming temporarily to perform the song on BBC Television's "Top of the Pops".

</doc>
<doc id="7046533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046533" title="Little Lake City School District">
Little Lake City School District

The Little Lake City School District is a K–8 public public school district in Los Angeles County, California, with seven elementary schools and two middle schools. , district enrollment was 3,656. The district superintendent is Jonathan Vasquez, since 2023.
The district serves portions of Santa Fe Springs, Downey, and Norwalk. Its offices are on Pioneer Boulevard in Santa Fe Springs.
History.
Little Lake School District is named for Little Lake ("La Laguna Chiquita" on an 1862 map of Los Nietos), built over in the 20th century. The first one-room school was opened in 1873, although a lease with the Los Angeles Pioneer Oil Co. for exploratory drilling is dated 1865. After the bridge across the lake washed out, the schoolhouse was replaced in 1882 with a two-room building farther from the lake, on Little Lake Road (now Florence Avenue in Santa Fe Springs). A bell turret was added in 1889. In 1919 this school was replaced by an H-shaped concrete building with a tile roof, to which an auditorium in Spanish style was added in 1933. The old building was auctioned for $800; the bell was retained by the school district. The 1933 Long Beach earthquake damaged the school building; classes were held in tents for two years while it was repaired. The auditorium was demolished in 1983 despite preservation efforts.
In the 1870s, the district consisted of ten settlers and their families; the population was 970 in 1920, and more than 50,000 by 1953. In 1923 and 1924, the district still consisted of a single school, with a principal and four teachers. Enrollment grew rapidly after World War II, increasing to 210 in 1949 when kindergarten was offered for the first time, doubling by the following year, and increasing from 2,300 to 4,938 in 1952–53. Lakeview School was opened as the district's third school in 1952 with double sessions. Prior to the incorporation of Santa Fe Springs in 1957, residents advocated for its boundaries to correspond to those of the school district.
After three of its nine schools were placed under state sanctions in 2001 for poor academic performance, the district instituted a coordinated system of standards-based instruction in those schools, extending the program in 2003–08 to its other six schools. In 2014 local control of the district was reinstated, and it has since won awards including the naming of all the schools to the Educational Results Partnership Honor Roll in 2021.
Schools.
Middle schools.
Students continue their education beyond Grade 8 at Santa Fe High School (originally named Little Lake High School) in the Whittier Union High School District.

</doc>
<doc id="7046534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046534" title="Sangokushi Taisen DS">
Sangokushi Taisen DS



</doc>
<doc id="7046537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046537" title="QF 3.75 inch AA">
QF 3.75 inch AA



</doc>
<doc id="7046540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046540" title="Cuddalore - Nellikuppam - Panruti - Thiruvamur - Madapattu - Thirukovilur - Thiruvannamalai - Polur - Vellore - Katpadi - Chittoor Road">
Cuddalore - Nellikuppam - Panruti - Thiruvamur - Madapattu - Thirukovilur - Thiruvannamalai - Polur - Vellore - Katpadi - Chittoor Road



</doc>
<doc id="7046541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046541" title="2006 Holland Series (men's softball)">
2006 Holland Series (men's softball)

The 2006 Holland Series in men's softball, were held from September 16 to September 24, 2006, between the two Dutch play-off winners Kokolishi and Screenhouse Storks. The first team to win 3 games in the best-of-five-games series, became be Duch champions. Storks proved to be the better team by winning three out of four matches, resulting in a 3–1 series and winning their third consecutive title.
Matchday 1: Kokolishi - Screenhouse Storks 2-6, 3-0.
Defending champions Storks won the Holland Series opener beating Kokolishi 6–2. In the second match held on the same day Kokolishi took a 3–0 lead. This already happened in the very first inning, with Jeanric Ursula hitting a home run. Pitcher Ed Hoet then hit next batter Irvin Redan, resulting in commotion from the bench. A few minutes later Storks filed a protest stating it felt threatened before leaving the pitch.
The match was halted and the status had to be determined. The Dutch softball association did not share Storks' opinion and awarded the match to Kokoloshi.
Matchday 2: Screenhouse Storks - Kokolishi 7-4, 11-1.
With Storks playing at home in the third and fourth match it became clear who were going to be Dutch Champions. In the opener of the day pitcher Ed Hoet struck out ten batters. Still Storks were 3-1 behind in the fourth inning, when Tim Verbrugge tripled and later scored later when Bob Bik singled. Bik also scored himself and both teams managed to score a run in the fifth. In the sixth inning Storks completed their comeback by scoring three more runs and winning the match 7–4.
Ed Hoet also pitched in the second match of the day giving away only two base hits. Storks themselves created eleven base hits. Storks took an early lead and scored four runs in the very first inning. They added another three runs in the second inning, securing their third consecutive title. The match eventually ended in an 11–1 win by Storks, taking only 4½ inning.

</doc>
<doc id="7046548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046548" title="Scott Halberstadt">
Scott Halberstadt

Scott Halberstadt (born August 17, 1976) is an American former actor. He is best known for playing roles in multiple Nickelodeon shows, most notably as Eric on "Drake &amp; Josh". Halberstadt announced his retirement from acting in 2013.
Early life.
Halberstadt was born in Connersville, Indiana, to Fred (1939–2010) and Gayle Halberstadt ("née" Mikesell). He graduated from Connersville High School and attended Ball State University, studying theater.
Career.
Film.
Halberstadt's first acting credit is as "Jared" in the 2002 paintball film "In Your Face". His next film role was in the 2006 picture "Grandma's Boy", where he played a tester who challenges Jeff (Nick Swardson) to a game of "Dance Dance Revolution". He also portrayed a pimply casino employee in "Smokin' Aces".
Television.
Halberstadt had a recurring role as Eric on the Nickelodeon series "Drake &amp; Josh" from 2004 to 2007. His other television credits include minor roles in episodes of "All That" (2000, 2004), "The Guardian" (2003), "Half &amp; Half" (2004), "The Suite Life of Zack &amp; Cody" (2006) and others. He made a cameo appearance in "iCarly"'s "iStart a Fan War", playing Eric (from the "Drake &amp; Josh" series), alongside Alec Medlock and Jake Farrow.
Personal life.
Since 2012, Halberstadt's career has been mostly in data analysis, business intelligence, and management. He currently lives in Homer Glen, Illinois with his wife Kate Lee, who he wed in 2008, and their two children.

</doc>
<doc id="7046551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046551" title="Romance of the Three Kingdoms Wars DS">
Romance of the Three Kingdoms Wars DS



</doc>
<doc id="7046553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046553" title="Wii browser">
Wii browser



</doc>
<doc id="7046564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046564" title="New York State Route 104B">
New York State Route 104B

New York State Route 104B (NY 104B) is a east–west state highway located in central Oswego County, New York, in the United States. This highway provides a connection between NY 104, the principal highway along the southern shore of Lake Ontario, in New Haven and NY 3, the principal highway along the eastern shore of Lake Ontario, in the town of Mexico. It passes through mostly rural areas and acts as a two-lane bypass of the village of Mexico, located where NY 3 and NY 104 intersect southeast of NY 104B. All of NY 104B is part of the Seaway Trail, a National Scenic Byway. The route was originally New York State Route 3D in 1930. NY 3D was redesignated as New York State Route 3E , and was redesignated NY 104B in April 1935.
Route description.
NY 104B begins at an intersection with NY 104 in the town of New Haven, located east of the city of Oswego. It heads northeast as a two-lane, rural highway, surrounded on both sides by dense woods. The route's most major intersection, situated about halfway along its routing, is with County Route 1 (CR 1) east of the hamlet of Hickory Grove. At this point, NY 104B begins to follow a routing parallel to the Lake Ontario shoreline to the north. While it also becomes the closest continuous east–west highway to the lake shore here, the shoreline itself is served by a series of short north–south roads that branch from NY 104B and head north to Lake Ontario.
Past CR 1, the route serves less isolated areas as it crosses small patches of open farmland on its way to the town of Mexico. After , NY 104B enters the small hamlet of Texas, located on the western bank of the Little Salmon River. The highway continues on, crossing the river and passing by more forests and fields on its way to a junction with NY 3 roughly east of Texas, where NY 104B comes to an end. NY 3 enters the intersection from the south and leaves it to the east, following the right-of-way of NY 104B northeastward along Lake Ontario. NY 104B effectively serves as a northerly bypass of the village of Mexico, located to the south of NY 104B's eastern terminus at the junction of NY 3 and NY 104.
The entirety of NY 104B is part of the Seaway Trail, a National Scenic Byway that extends across most of Upstate New York from the Pennsylvania state line to Massena. West of New Haven, the byway follows NY 104 toward Oswego. At NY 104B's east end, the trail continues toward Pulaski on NY 3.
History.
When NY 3 was first assigned, it extended westward to Niagara Falls, mostly by way of modern NY 31, Ridge Road and NY 104. In the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York, the NY 3A through NY 3C and NY 3E designations were assigned to four spur routes of NY 3 in western and central New York. By the following year, a connector linking NY 3 in New Haven to NY 3C in the town of Mexico via the hamlets of New Haven, Demster, and Texas was designated as NY 3D. The suffixes of all of NY 3's suffixed routes were increased by one letter (A to B, and so on) following the establishment of a new NY 3A in Niagara County. Thus, NY 3C became NY 3D while the pre-existing NY 3D was renumbered to NY 3E.
U.S. Route 104 (US 104) was assigned in April 1935 to an alignment extending from Niagara Falls to Maple View. East of Rochester, US 104 mostly followed the routing of NY 3, which was realigned to use NY 3D south of Watertown. Although NY 3E still connected to NY 3, it was renumbered to NY 104B at this time. The portion of NY 104B within the town of New Haven was realigned in the late 1940s to follow a new highway that bypassed the hamlets of New Haven and Demster to the north and south, respectively. The old alignment of NY 104B is now maintained by Oswego County as part of CR 6 from NY 104 to CR 1 and as part of CR 1 from CR 6 to where it meets modern NY 104B southwest of Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="7046565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046565" title="Corporate person">
Corporate person



</doc>
<doc id="7046567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046567" title="Magnetic North (Iain Archer album)">
Magnetic North (Iain Archer album)

Magnetic North is an album by Iain Archer, the follow-up album to 2004's "Flood The Tanks". Both "When It Kicks In" and "Soleil" were released as singles.

</doc>
<doc id="7046578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046578" title="Final Hours at Hammersmith">
Final Hours at Hammersmith



</doc>
<doc id="7046581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046581" title="Deepdale railway station">
Deepdale railway station

Deepdale railway station (also known as Deepdale Bridge station) was on the Longridge Branch Line in Preston, Lancashire, England.
The station opened in 1856 as a replacement for Deepdale Street railway station which until then had been the Preston passenger terminus of the line. The new station lay on an extension, built in 1850, which connected to the earlier line near the level crossing in Skeffington Road. The extension passed through the Miley Tunnel to another new station at .
Deepdale station was the headquarters of the Fleetwood, Preston and West Riding Junction Railway, which had bought the Preston and Longridge Railway. The new line and tunnel were originally built to connect the Longridge line to the existing Preston and Wyre Joint Railway, as part of a planned route from Fleetwood on the Fylde coast to Skipton in the West Riding of Yorkshire. However, that plan had already collapsed by 1852.
The station, along with others on the line, closed to regular passenger services on 31 May 1930. The last passenger trains to use Deepdale station were 1970s football supporters' specials bringing away fans to Deepdale Stadium to watch a football match. This was done to keep visiting supporters away from the town centre before and after the match.
The line through the station continued to be used for goods trains until the 1990s, and the tracks, though rusty and overgrown, still exist as far as the Skeffington Road level crossing.

</doc>
<doc id="7046585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046585" title="Sangokushi Taisen">
Sangokushi Taisen

 is a hybrid physical and digital collectible card game for the arcade, on the Chihiro arcade board. It is a real-time strategy-based game set in the Three Kingdoms period of Chinese history and the 14th century Chinese novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms" by Luo Guanzhong. It uses the same housing as "World Club Champion Football", with a sensitive playing area that can detect the position of the physical cards. Over 500 million trading cards have been shipped. It is the sixth trading card arcade game by Sega, following "World Club Champion Football", ', "The Key of Avalon", ' and "Quest of D".
Gameplay system.
Two opponents are on the opposite ends of a battlefield, with the goal of attacking the enemy's castle until the timer runs out. The game ends if the castle is destroyed or if the time runs out. The player that has more health wins. Before the match, the player builds a deck that can vary heavily in playstyle, depending which troops and factions are chosen. Up to 8 points are allotted to the team, and one card can take up to 3 points.
Version history.
The first version of "Sangokushi Taisen" was launched 2005 with a 2.0 version following in 2006 and the 3.0 version releasing in 2007. The 3.0 version was released on the Lindbergh arcade platform, and in addition to being available in Japan, it was also released in Shanghai, Taiwan, South Korea, Hong Kong and Singapore. A version called 3.59 "WAR BEGINS" launched 2010 and was also a wider Asian release. A completely new game, "Sengoku Taisen", was launched 2010, only in Japan. It had a different scenario set in feudal Japan and the arcade platform switched to RingEdge. "Sangokushi Taisen 4" launched 2016 on the Nu2 arcade platform, available in Japan &amp; Hong Kong. "Eiketsu Taisen", combining both the feudal Japan and Three Kingdoms scenarios, was released in 2022 on the ALLS UX platform.
Outside of the arcade, "Sangokushi Taisen DS" was published by Sega in 2007 for the Nintendo DS. It was based on version 2.0 of the arcade game. "Sangokushi Taisen Ten" was based on version 3.0 and released on the following year also for the Nintendo DS. "Sangokushi Taisen INFINITY ONLINE" was a PC Windows version launched in 2011 by GameCyber Technology Limited in Hong Kong. The Sangokushi Taisen Trading Card Game - based on the game, was released in 2012. The CCG was localized as "War of Three Kingdoms: The Card Game".
A blockchain-based version of the game was announced in September 2022, in partnership with developer Double Jump Tokyo.
Development.
The producer wanted to develop a game based on the "Romance of the Three Kingdom"s ever since he joined Sega. By 2003, the situation of arcades changed dramatically with internet connection and IC cards that save progress, and with the addition of flat panel reader of "World Club Champion Football", it was decided that now was the right time to launch a game based on the "Romance of the Three Kingdoms". Rather than being a grand strategy game like the Koei Tecmo series "Romance of the Three Kingdoms" or Sega's own "Total War", the game's producer compared the game to "Virtua Fighter", in the sense that it is competitive fighting game between two players.
Reception.
NintendoLife reviewed the Nintendo DS version of the game positively, lamenting the fact that despite the game continued success in arcades, no versions for Wii U or Nintendo 3DS followed. The game was cited as one of the influences for the battle system of "Final Fantasy XIII".

</doc>
<doc id="7046588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046588" title="Prickly thrift">
Prickly thrift



</doc>
<doc id="7046592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046592" title="Arginin">
Arginin



</doc>
<doc id="7046593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046593" title="Stroopwaffel">
Stroopwaffel



</doc>
<doc id="7046617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046617" title="Grand Strand (South Carolina)">
Grand Strand (South Carolina)



</doc>
<doc id="7046625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046625" title="New Brunswick Broadcasting Company">
New Brunswick Broadcasting Company

New Brunswick Broadcasting Company Limited was a Canadian media holding company based in Saint John, New Brunswick.
In 2003, NBBC merged with Acadian Broadcasting Company to form Acadia Broadcasting.
History.
New Brunswick Broadcasting was established in 1934 when Saint John Publishing purchased the Saint John radio station CFBO. Four local men who published the two major newspapers in Saint John, New Brunswick were the owners. Principal shareholder Howard P. Robinson was joined by J.D. McKenna, T.F. Drummie and L.W. Bewick. As directors they added the new division under the name New Brunswick Broadcasting at the same time as they changed the radio station call letters from CFBO to CHSJ.
In 1944, industrialist K.C. Irving purchased Saint John Publishing with its two major newspaper dailies from its principal shareholder, Howard P. Robinson. This media package sale included the radio station CHSJ controlled by New Brunswick Broadcasting. Later that year Mr. Irving incorporated all three media under the name New Brunswick Publishing Company. New Brunswick Broadcasting, under New Brunswick Publishing, looked after the radio station CHSJ. 
In 1954, CHSJ-TV, the first television station in Atlantic Canada licensed by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC), began broadcasting to the Saint John area. It was owned by New Brunswick Broadcasting and for many years its operations shared management, technical staff and some on-air people with CHSJ radio. For 40 years CHSJ-TV provided local news and programming in English to the province, and as an affiliate of CBC Television, it linked provincial viewers to national and international programs. CHSJ-TV was sold in 1994 to the CBC and recalled as CBAT.
In 1988, New Brunswick Broadcasting established a new television station in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, CIHF-TV (branded as Maritime Independent Television, or MITV). It serviced the Halifax region and some of its programming was rebroadcast to CHSJ-TV stations in Moncton, Fredericton and Saint John. Later, with additional transmitters, its coverage of Nova Scotia reached 90 percent of the province. CIHF was sold in 1994 to CanWest Global Communications.
In 1989, New Brunswick Broadcasting bought radio station CKBW from Acadia Broadcasting Co. Ltd. in Bridgewater, Nova Scotia.
In 2003, New Brunswick Broadcasting Company Limited with Acadia Broadcasting Company Ltd. merged under the simpler name Acadia Broadcasting Limited.

</doc>
<doc id="7046626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046626" title="Richard Crane (actor)">
Richard Crane (actor)

Richard Ollie Crane (June 6, 1918 – March 9, 1969) was a character actor whose career spanned three decades in films and television. His early career included many uncredited performances in feature films made in the 1940s.
Early years and career.
Crane was born in New Castle, Indiana. Crane may be best remembered for his portrayal of the title role in the TV science fiction series "Rocky Jones, Space Ranger", which ran for two seasons starting in 1954. In 1952, he signed a seven-year contract that specified he was to make annual tours of the United States, appearing as Jones in presentations to school groups.
In 1949–1950, he portrayed Lieutenant Cummings in "Mysteries of Chinatown" a crime drama on ABC television. Crane also appeared in the outer-space adventure serial "" in 1953, as Dick Preston, Cody's semi-comical sidekick, and was the hero of the 1951 serial based loosely on Jules Verne's "Mysterious Island".
Crane portrayed Gene Plehan in the crime drama "Surfside 6" on ABC (1960-1962). He later made numerous appearances in many popular TV shows. In 1958-1959 he made two guest appearances on "Perry Mason": as George Moore in "The Case of the Lonely Heiress," and Dr. Douglas Keene in "The Case of the Caretaker's Cat." Other television appearances included "The Lone Ranger", "Death Valley Days", "Dragnet", "Lassie", "The Rifleman", and "Gang Busters", in which he played gangster John Dillinger's associate Homer Van Meter. (Footage from "Gang Busters", including Crane's part as Homer Van Meter, was edited into the low-budget theatrical film "Guns Don't Argue".)
Crane acted on stage with the Las Palmas Theater, performing in "Command Decision" in 1949 and "Light Up the Sky" in 1950.
Death.
Crane died of a heart attack at the age of 50. He is buried in Valhalla Memorial Park Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="7046628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046628" title="Transparency threshold">
Transparency threshold



</doc>
<doc id="7046629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046629" title="Ibn Jurayj">
Ibn Jurayj

ʿAbd al-Malik ibn ʿAbd al-ʿAzīz ibn Jurayj al-Rūmī al-Umawī al-Qurashī al-Makkī (, 80 AH/699 CE - 150 AH/767 CE) commonly known as Ibn Jurayj () was an eighth-century "tabi'i" "faqīh", exegete and transmitter of hadith. 
A student of early Meccan jurist Ata ibn Abi Rabah, Ibn Jurayj became a scholar in his own right and served as the mufti of Mecca under the Umayyads. He composed works on Quranic exegesis and the rites of pilgrimage, and his compilation of hadith, "Kitab al-Sunan", was a founding work of the "musannaf" genre. Though lost, much of the latter was preserved in the "musannaf" of his student Abd al-Razzaq al-San'ani, who cites Ibn Jurayj as an informant in approximately one-third of the traditions transmitted. 
Biography.
Early life.
Ibn Jurayj was born in Mecca in the year 80 AH / 699 CE. Jurayj is an Arabicized form of the Greek name Grēgórios. His grandfather Jurayj was of Byzantine origin and had been a slave owned by Umm Habib bint Jubayr, a Meccan woman from the Umayyad clan of Quraysh. His father 'Abd al-'Azīz was a "faqīh" and according to a report, was a slave of Fāṭimah bint Jubayr ibn Muṭʿim, the daughter of Jubayr ibn Muṭʿim. His father was set free, and thus Ibn Jurayj became a client "(mawlā)" of the Umayyads, specifically of Umayyah ibn Khālid ibn Asīd. Ibn Jurayj would sometimes affiliate himself with Banu Nawfal (the family of his mother), and other times with the Banu Umayyah, who were the "'iṣbah" (agnatic kin) of his clientage.
Ibn Jurayj had two "kunyas": Abū Khālid and Abū al-Walīd. His residence was located on the side of Mount Marwa, and was constructed entirely from white gypsum; reportedly formerly constructed by the Umayyad caliph Mu'awiya I ().
Education.
At the age of fourteen, he was accepted to the study circle of Meccan jurist Ata ibn Rabah () after previously being rejected twice due to lacking knowledge on Quran and Islamic inheritance laws with whom he studied for eighteen to nineteen years.
After Ata's death, he attached himself to his second teacher, Amr ibn Dinar (), under whom he studied under for approximately 7 years.
Travels.
Ibn Jurayj spent most of his life within the Hejaz, where he may have visited the Prophet's Mosque in Medina. He did not travel beyond the region until 143 AH / 760 CE, when, at over sixty-five years of age, he embarked on a journey to Yemen and subsequently to Iraq.
He initially travelled to Yemen to meet the governor Ma'n ibn Za'ida al-Shaybani. According to reports, Ibn Jurayj came to him as a delegate due to a debt he had incurred. He remained with Yemen until the 10th of Dhu al-Qadah. Upon seeing people preparing for Hajj, he requested Ma'n to be sent back to Mecca. Ma'n hired guides for him, gave him 500 dinars, and handed him an additional 1,500. He also gifted him fifteen mules loaded with Yemeni goods, bundles of cloth, silver coins, and various types of provisions. He returned to Mecca, arriving just in time for the Day of Arafah. During his time in Yemen, he was heard by the scholars of Sanaa, including Abd al-Razzaq al-San'ani.
Ibn Jurayj returned to Mecca, but did not stay long as he was again in debt, eventually pushing him to travel again, this time eastwards to Iraq. He arrived in Basra in the latter part of 144 AH / 762 CE and stayed there through 145 AH / 763 CE. The following year, after the construction of Baghdad was completed in 146 AH / 764 CE by Abbasid caliph Abū Jaʿfar al-Manṣūr (), Ibn Jurayj traveled to the city in hopes of receiving a reward.
Ibn Jurayj came to al-Mansur, and he still had a debt upon him. He said: "I have compiled the hadiths of your grandfather Ibn Abbas like no one else has. However, al-Mansur did not give him any reward. Instead, he entrusted him to Sulaymān ibn Mujālid, a man who used to accompany the caliph, and Ḥajjāj ibn Muḥammad al-Muṣayṣī. Sulaymān ibn Mujālid provided him with assistance. So Ibn Jurayj said to him: "I do not know how to repay you, but take my books and have them copied."
Following this, Ibn Jurayj returned to Mecca, where he spent the rest of his years until his death on 11 Dhu al-Hijjah 150 AH / 7th January 768 CE.
Views.
Ibn Jurayj believed in the permissibility of temporary marriage ("nikah mut'ah"). The number of "mut'ah" marriages he contracted is given variously as 60 by Jarir ibn Abdullah al-Dabbi, 70 by Al-Shafi‘i, and 90 by Al-Dhahabi, although narrations present in later sources describe Ibn Jurayj retracting this opinion. Harald Motzki suggests his view on "mut'ah" accorded with a Meccan school tradition that was originated by Ibn Abbas and developed by his student Ata ibn Abi Rabah, and thus did not stem from the Sunni-Shi'ite dispute on the matter.
Works.
Ibn Jurayj wrote his books on the leaves of "Calotropis procera", and later copied them on parchments. Whenever a hadith scholar would arrive in Mecca, he would show it to him.
Kitab al-Sunan.
Ibn Jurayj compiled a collection of hadith known as "Kitab al-Sunan" or "Al-Jāmiʿ" (The Comprehensive Collection), which is credited with initiating the "musannaf" genre of hadith literature. His student Abd al-Razzaq claimed that he was the first to arrange hadith thematically, arranging them into subject-based chapters. Ibn al-Nadim described the work as resembling later "Sunan" collections, containing chapters on purification, fasting, prayers, and Zakat. Although the work has been lost, substantial portions are preserved in the "musannaf" of Abd al-Razzaq and other later compilations. Approximately one-third of the traditions found in Abd al-Razzaq's "Musannaf" are transmitted from Ibn Jurayj.
Tafsir.
Ibn Jurayj is credited with composing one of the earliest works of Quranic exegesis ("tafsir"). More than a dozen students are reported to have studied "tafsir" with him, though only five of them are known to have transmitted his "tafsir" with certainty. Among them, Ḥajjāj ibn Muḥammad al-Miṣṣīṣī al-A'war () transmitted two versions of "tafsir" from him: a shorter version that Ibn Jurayj dictated from memory as he did not have the physical copy at that time, and a larger and expansive version that Ibn Jurayj dictated from his written copy. In February 2019, a partial manuscript of the shorter version was identified in the Zahiriyya Library (formerly catalogued No. 10990), containing commentary on the verses from the middle of Surah Nisa to Surah Waqqiyah.
Kitāb al-Manāsik.
Being the mufti and jurist of Mecca, he authored a work titled "Kitāb al-Manāsik" ('The Book of Pilgrimage Rites'). It contained the knowledge that pilgrims needed annually during the Hajj season. This may have been an expansion on the chapter of Hajj from his hadith compilation. The transmission of "Kitāb al-Manāsik" was extremely rare among later scholars, and the work itself has not survived.
Ahmad ibn Hanbal remarked about it: "Ibn Jurayj used to narrate to people from other people's books, except during the days of Ḥajj, when he would bring out his own Book of Manāsik and narrate to them from it."
Legacy.
Hadith.
Hadith transmitted by Ibn Jurayj are present in all six of the canonical Sunni hadith collections. During his stay in Yemen, Ibn Jurayj's lectures were attended by ʽAbd al-Razzaq al-Sanʽani, who included 5,000 of the traditions taught in his "musannaf".
Ibn Jurayj's status as a hadith transmitter was viewed positively by his student Yahya ibn Sa'id al-Qattan, although he cast doubt on those traditions which had been transmitted from memory and where an informant had been concealed ("tadlis"). The evaluation of Ibn Jurayj being a trustworthy transmitter when not practicing "tadlis" was also shared by later hadith critics, including Ahmad ibn Hanbal, Yahya ibn Maʻin, and Ali ibn al-Madini. More recently, Motzki assessed Ibn Jurayj's material in Abd al-Razzaq al-Sanʽani's "musannaf", concluding he did not forge the traditions he transmitted. Due to his tendency to engage in "tadlis", medieval hadith scholar Muhammad al-Bukhari opined that Ibn Jurayj was not a trustworthy transmitter.

</doc>
<doc id="7046630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046630" title="Eugeniusz Dębski">
Eugeniusz Dębski

Eugeniusz Dębski (b. 26 January 1952; sometimes referred to as "EuGeniusz", a word-play coined after the Polish word for genius) is a Polish science-fiction writer and translator of Russian literature.
Born in Truskavets (then in USSR), early in his life he moved to Poland to settle in Wrocław where he graduated from the Russian faculty of Wrocław University. He is known primarily as the author of numerous novels (mostly science fiction and fantasy), and several hundred short stories, published in Polish journals including "Fantastyka", "Nowa Fantastyka", "Science Fiction", "Fenix" and "Portal".
Dębski translated and published a large part of the Russian classics of science fiction, from Kir Bulychov, through Nikolai Perumov, Vladimir Vasiliev, Vyacheslav Rybakov, to Kirill Yeskov. Four times nominated to the Janusz A. Zajdel Award, he was also awarded the Śląkfa, as well as two prizes created for him by fans: the Mątwa and the Srebrna Muszla.
He was one of the creators and the chief editor (2002–2004) of "Fahrenheit", the first Polish Internet science fiction fanzine.

</doc>
<doc id="7046641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046641" title="Interstate 10 in Texas">
Interstate 10 in Texas

Interstate 10 (I-10) is the major east–west Interstate Highway in the Southern United States. In the U.S. state of Texas, it runs east from Anthony, at the border with New Mexico, through El Paso, San Antonio, and Houston to the border with Louisiana in Orange. At just under , the Texas segment of I-10, maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation, is the longest continuous untolled freeway in North America that is operated by a single authority. It is also the longest stretch of Interstate Highway with a single designation within a single state. Mile marker 880 and its corresponding exit number in Orange, Texas, are the highest-numbered mile marker and exit on any freeway in North America. Since widening was completed in 2008, a portion of the highway west of Houston is now also believed to be the widest in the world, at 26 lanes when including feeders.
More than a third of I-10's length is located in Texas alone. El Paso, near the New Mexico state line, is from the western terminus of I-10 in Santa Monica, California, making it closer to Los Angeles than it is to Orange, Texas, away at the Louisiana state line. Likewise, Orange is only from the eastern terminus of I-10 in Jacksonville, Florida.
Route description.
West Texas.
I-10 enters Texas northwest of El Paso near Anthony and runs southward, alongside US Route 85 (US 85) and US 180. US 85 splits off in West El Paso at exit 13 (Sunland Park Drive, Paisano Drive), where US 85 heads south on Paisano Drive, through downtown El Paso, and ends at the Stanton Street Bridge and the border with Mexico via local streets. As of the summer of 2016, the stretch of I-10 that runs through El Paso was in the midst of a major construction project, which sought to link North/South Desert Boulevard (the westside frontage roads) with Gateway East and Gateway West (the central and eastside frontage roads). Several miles of frontage road were being built where none previously existed. I-10/US 180 continues turning to the east towards downtown El Paso. I-10 then meets I-110 and US 54 (the "Patriot Freeway", or North–South Freeway) in a complex, three-level interchange referred to by locals as the "Spaghetti Bowl". I-10 and US 180 diverge east of downtown at exit 23B (Paisano Drive) as US 180 heads northeast (joining US 62 and Paisano Drive northbound) and I-10 to the southeast. I-10's frontage-road system is called Desert Boulevard where it runs through West El Paso, and Gateway Boulevard where it runs through Central and East El Paso. Among these stretches of the highway. Gateway East Boulevard is the longest, extending continuously for roughly . Continuing towards Tornillo and Fabens, I-10 turns to the southeast and runs alongside the Rio Grande and the Mexican border for approximately .
Where I-10 leaves the Rio Grande, it runs primarily eastward. Just before entering the city of Van Horn, at the border of Hudspeth and Culberson counties, I-10 leaves the Mountain Time Zone and enters the Central Time Zone. Just east of Kent, the western terminus of I-20 intersects with I-10. I-20 heads northeast towards the Dallas–Fort Worth area, and I-10 continues to run eastward. US 67 runs alongside I-10 for a stretch; La Entrada al Pacifico trade corridor is a part of this stretch of I-10. Near Junction, I-10 begins a more southeastwardly course as it runs toward the San Antonio metropolitan area. Near Comfort, I-10 and US 87 begin to run alongside each other until they reach San Antonio.
Because I-10 crosses some of the most rural and sparsely inhabited parts of the United States, notably the Trans-Pecos Region, it has several unique features that differentiate it from other interstate highways. I-10 is one of the very few interstates that has exceptions in Interstate Highway Standards where there are at-grade intersections (roads that intersect it at a 90-degree angle, rather than crossing via an overpass or underpass with on and off ramps). These are private-access roads (mostly from large ranches), and are found over a limited stretch in western Texas. These are also found on I-40 in the Texas Panhandle. 
The stretch from Kerr County to El Paso County has an speed limit, which was the highest in the nation until the opening of the southern section of Texas State Highway 130 (SH 130) on October 24, 2012.
San Antonio and Central Texas.
I-10 is the busiest freeway in San Antonio, with nearly 200,000 vehicles on an average day. On the northwest side, I-10 is known as the McDermott Freeway, named after Robert F. McDermott, former dean of the United States Air Force Academy as well as CEO of San Antonio-based USAA. The highway enters the city concurrently with US 87 from the north and travels more in a north–south direction into downtown, rather than the east–west designation found on the Interstate Highway signs. The section of I-10 from Ralph Fair Road (FM 3351) to La Cantera Parkway includes HOV lanes for both directions. The northern section from Loop 1604 to downtown serves one of the fastest growing areas of the city. A majority of the region's suburban office space is located along the corridor as are the headquarters for USAA, gasoline refiner and retailer Valero, South Texas Medical Center, the University of Texas at San Antonio (UTSA), Six Flags Fiesta Texas, and the Shops at La Cantera. I-10 intersects I-410 for the first time near Balcones Heights, a suburban city within San Antonio. The construction of a four-level interchange to accommodate the growing northwest side has been completed. Heavy commercial development dominates the landscape between I-410 and Loop 1604. Inside I-410, the route is lined with light industrial and residential areas.
As I-10 heads south into downtown, it splits into an upper level with three lanes in each direction and a lower level with two lanes in each direction. It was necessary to design the freeway this way in order to accommodate the amount of traffic heading into downtown and to fit into the narrow corridor that was surrounded by existing infrastructure. I-10 meets I-35 on the northwest side of downtown and it overlaps I-35 south to form the west side of the downtown loop. The I-35 exit numbers are carried through during the concurrency. I-10 and I-35 end their concurrency at a four-level interchange on the southwest side of downtown with the junction of US 90 from the west. I-35 continues to the south and I-10 and US 90 run concurrently to the east to form the south side of the downtown loop. This section of I-10 is known as the Jose Lopez Freeway, named after the Medal of Honor recipient. A four-level interchange with I-37 occurs approximately east of the interchange with I-35. I-10 heads east away from downtown through mainly residential neighborhoods on the east side of San Antonio. I-10's concurrency with US 87 ends just east of downtown where US 87 heads south towards Victoria. Leaving San Antonio, I-10 again passes I-410 and Loop 1604. I-10 is known as the 90th Infantry Division Memorial Highway on this stretch east of San Antonio. I-10 and US 90 continue their concurrency until they diverge in Seguin. They continue from there on to Houston nearly paralleling each other with short stints of overlaps along the route.
Houston and East Texas.
From the western suburb of Katy to downtown, I-10 is known as the Katy Freeway in Houston. This section was widened in 2008 to as many as 26 total lanes, counting the six lanes of the access (frontage/feeder) road, which feature traffic signals, and driveway access and are not limited-access and therefore not technically part of the freeway itself but are directly adjacent. Between the West Beltway and the West Loop, the Katy Freeway features a basic configuration of 14 lanes, featuring seven lanes each direction. This cross-section swells with auxiliary lanes, ramp lanes, and the inclusion of the frontage access roads, although those lanes are controlled by traffic signals. Including auxiliary lanes, ramp lanes, and the access frontage roads, the minimum lane count is 22 total lanes. In this section, the width is 24 lanes at multiple locations and up to 26 lanes east of Gessner Road (12 main lanes, eight lanes of access roads, and six mid-freeway HOT/HOV lanes). From the Fort Bend County line to I-610, there is a minimum of four main lanes in each direction. The maximum number of undivided lanes at any point on the freeway is nine in the eastbound direction approaching Antoine Drive (though this includes one exit-only lane); this is one of the widest sections of undivided highway in a single direction in the world. The widest right-of-way, , occurs at the Katy Freeway's intersection with Bunker Hill; at that point, the expansion plans called for six main lanes plus two toll lanes in each direction along with 10 lanes on the feeder/frontage roads. While this section still features 14 through continuous lanes through the Bunker Hill interchange, when auxiliary lanes, ramp lanes, and the frontage access roads are included, the actual striping after construction delineates 29 lanes, including all 26 of the planned lanes plus an additional lane in each direction to enter or exit the toll lanes and one more turn lane on the eastbound feeder road. Between Texas State Highway 6 and Interstate 610, I-10 HOV/HOT lanes are known as Katy Managed Lanes, or simply known as Katy Tollway.
Between I-610 and I-45 west of downtown, the interstate contains at least five main lanes in each direction. Before 2008, this section had traditionally been the widest section of I-10 in the Houston area and the only one with a significant portion below grade. A project completed in 2014 added one extra auxiliary lane in each direction between Shepherd Drive and Taylor Street. In addition, the eastbound feeder road that ends at Studemont was extended to Taylor Street. As I-10 travels through downtown, it junctions with I-45 and I-69/US 59. Both interchanges feature left exits, allowing several lane shifts for through traffic. I-10 provides access to Daikin Park, home of the Houston Astros, and also runs through the campus of the University of Houston–Downtown.
The section east of downtown Houston is officially known as the "East Freeway", although it is widely known by locals as the Baytown East Freeway or colloquially shortened to the Beast, due to a marketing push by Baytown, one of the largest cities in the Greater Houston Area. I-10 reaches Beaumont at an interchange with US 69/US 96/US 287 and it runs concurrently with the US Highways for and curves to the east again at a second interchange. At College Street (US 90), I-10 expands to eight lanes. I-10 meets US 90 again near the recently reconstructed Purple Heart Memorial Bridge over the Neches River; these highways travel concurrently the remainder of the way across the state. I-10 reaches Orange County and passes through the towns of Rose City, Vidor, Pinehurst, and Orange. Business US 90-Y splits off and comes back to I-10 near the Sabine River Bridge over the Sabine River. At the river, I-10 finally leaves Texas and crosses into Louisiana.
History.
El Paso and West Texas.
I-10 replaced and runs concurrently with US 85 from the New Mexico state line up until the two diverge at mile marker 13. The two highways parallel each other for several miles until US 85 continues to head south to the border with Mexico and I-10 turns east towards Downtown El Paso. Prior to the Interstate Highway system, US 85 ran concurrent with US 80 from the New Mexico border until the two diverged in Downtown El Paso. When I-10 was constructed in downtown El Paso, several blocks were demolished, and a sub-grade trench was built for the freeway. A series of overpasses now carry the preexisting north–south surface streets over the east–west stretch of I-10 through downtown. I-10 replaced US 80 through El Paso and to the southeast and east to the present day junction of I-10 and I-20. US 80 along this route has been completely removed from the highway system in favor of I-10.
At the junction with I-20, I-10 replaced US 290 eastward to the present day junction of I-10 and US 290 southeast of Junction. This section of US 290 was deleted from the highway system. From this point to near Comfort, I-10 replaced SH 27. SH 27 still exists along this stretch, mostly paralleling I-10 to the south. From Comfort southeast to San Antonio, I-10 directly replaced US 87.
Central Texas.
I-10 generally follows the alignment of US 87 on the northwest side of San Antonio into downtown. A new alignment was built to the south of downtown for the freeway since it was impossible to upgrade the surface streets in downtown that US 87 and US 90 followed prior to the Interstate Highway System. Southeast of downtown, I-10 curves back to the northeast to connect with the pre-interstate alignment of US 90.
Construction of portions of I-10 were well underway and completed prior to the commissioning of the highway in 1959. The section from Culebra Road to Woodlawn Avenue opened as the first freeway in San Antonio in 1949, signed as US 87. Expansion and construction continued in the 1950s, but the bulk of the construction occurred in the 1960s after the interstate was commissioned. The $11 million project to construct the interchange with I-37 was at the time the largest single contract in the history of the state highway commission. The current alignment was completed by 1968.
Rapid growth in San Antonio led to the original highway quickly becoming inadequate, with the result that it has been in perpetual construction and expansion. In the 1980s, the portion just northwest of downtown was reconstructed to add a double deck feature to expand the freeway to five lanes in each direction. In 1990, the interstate had only two lanes in each direction from Loop 1604 to the southern intersection with Fredericksburg Road. Recent construction has expanded the freeway to five lanes in each direction from just outside I-410 all the way into downtown. The I-10/I-410 interchange was reconstructed into a four-level stack interchange that was completed in 2009, and a new stack interchange is being constructed at I-10/Loop 1604, expected to be completed by 2027. Another connector project, this time at I-10/I-410 east of downtown, is expected to be completed in 2025 as part of a larger project to reconstruct I-10 to the Guadalupe County line.
East Texas.
When constructed during the 1960s, I-10 between Katy and Houston, known as the Katy Freeway, was built with six to eight lanes wide barring side lanes, being modest by Houston standards because existing traffic demand to the farming area of West Houston was relatively low. As the population and economic activity increased in the area, vehicular traffic increased, reaching an annual average daily traffic (AADT) of 238,000 vehicles just west of the West Loop in 2001.
In 2000, increased traffic levels and congestion led to plans being approved for widening of the freeway to 16 lanes with a capacity for 200,000 cars per day. An old railway running along the north side of the freeway was demolished in 2002 in preparation for construction which began in 2004. The interior two lanes in each direction between SH 6 and west I-610, the Katy Freeway Managed Lanes or Katy Tollway, were built as high-occupancy toll lanes and are managed by the Harris County Toll Road Authority. The section just west of SH 6 to the Fort Bend–Harris county line opened in late June 2006. Two intersections were rebuilt (Beltway 8 and I-610), toll booths were added, together with landscaping as part of Houston's Highway Beautification Project. Most of the section between Beltway 8 and SH 6 had been laid by September 2006 and work was completed in October 2008.
Tolls on the managed lanes vary by vehicle occupancy, axle count and time of day. High occupancy vehicles may travel for free at certain times.
Severe flooding of the Sabine River occurred in March 2016. Days of continuous heavy rains, coupled with the controversial opening of the Toledo Bend Dam and the release of into the river, caused the closing of I-10. The water level in Deweyville rose to 130-year record heights, prompting a joint decision by the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT) and the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development (LaDOTD) to close I-10 for four days near Orange.
Much of I-10 between Houston and Beaumont was shut down in late August 2017 as Hurricane Harvey inundated the Houston and East Texas area with record rainfall. In 2020, I-10 between Beaumont and the Louisiana state line was shut down due to debris and heavy rain caused by Hurricanes Delta and Laura.
Related highways.
I-10 has four business loops within the state. All of these routes are in the far western Trans-Pecos region. These routes are located along the former routes of US 80 and US 290 and include Bus. I-10-C in Sierra Blanca, Bus. I-10-D in Van Horn, Bus. I-10-F in Balmorhea, and Bus. I-10-G in Fort Stockton.
I-10 has three auxiliary routes in Texas:

</doc>
<doc id="7046642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046642" title="Analyst (journal)">
Analyst (journal)

Analyst is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of analytical chemistry, bioanalysis, and detection science. It is published by the Royal Society of Chemistry and the editor-in-chief is Melanie Bailey (University of Surrey). The journal was established in 1877 by the Society for Analytical Chemistry.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in MEDLINE and Analytical Abstracts. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2022 impact factor of 4.2.
"Analytical Communications".
In 1999, the Royal Society of Chemistry closed the journal "Analytical Communications" because it felt that the material submitted to that journal would be best included in a new communications section of "Analyst". Predecessor journals of "Analytical Communications" were "Proceedings of the Society for Analytical Chemistry", 1964–1974; "Proceedings of the Analytical Division of the Chemical Society", 1975–1979; "Analytical Proceedings", 1980–1993; "Analytical Proceedings including Analytical Communications", 1994–1995.

</doc>
<doc id="7046644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046644" title="Grand Strand, South Carolina">
Grand Strand, South Carolina



</doc>
<doc id="7046648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046648" title="Skwisgaar Skwigelf">
Skwisgaar Skwigelf



</doc>
<doc id="7046650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046650" title="William Murderface">
William Murderface



</doc>
<doc id="7046654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046654" title="Mount Kinabalu National Park">
Mount Kinabalu National Park



</doc>
<doc id="7046662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046662" title="List of diplomatic missions of Papua New Guinea">
List of diplomatic missions of Papua New Guinea

This is a list of diplomatic missions of Papua New Guinea, excluding honorary consulates.

</doc>
<doc id="7046666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046666" title="Jacob Schweppe">
Jacob Schweppe



</doc>
<doc id="7046667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046667" title="Willie Redmond">
Willie Redmond

William Hoey Kearney Redmond (13 April 1861 – 7 June 1917) was an Irish nationalist politician who served as a Member of Parliament (MP). He was also a lawyer and soldier who was killed in action in World War I.
Family background.
He came from a Catholic gentry family of Norman descent long associated with County Wexford for seven centuries. His father, William Redmond, was a Home Rule Party MP for Wexford Borough from 1872 to 1880 and was the nephew of the elder John Edward Redmond who is commemorated in Redmond Square near Wexford railway station. He had a brother and two sisters. Willie Redmond's five-years elder brother was John Redmond who became leader of the Irish Parliamentary Party. His mother was a daughter of General R.H. Hoey of the Wicklow Rifles and the 61st Regiment.
Early life.
Redmond grew up at Ballytrent, County Wexford, the second son of William Archer Redmond and his wife Mary, née Hoey of Protestant stock from County Wicklow. William like his father was educated at Clongowes Wood College from 1873 to 1876, previously attending the preparatory school at Knockbeg College and St. Patrick's, Carlow College (1871–72). After school he first apprenticed himself on a merchant sailing ship, then took a commission in the Wexford militia the Royal Irish Regiment on 24 December 1879 (Stephen Gwynn commenting "he was an instinctive soldier") . At first contemplating a regular army career, he became a second lieutenant in October 1880, then resigned in 1881.
On 24 February 1886 he married Eleanor Mary Dalton (died 31 January 1947), eldest daughter of James Dalton. They had one son who died early in 1891 at the age of five.
He was called to the Irish Law bar as a barrister in 1891, but never practised. For most of his early career he lived on a stipend from the Irish Parliamentary Party. The first regular salary for an MP was set in 1911.
Land agitation.
After leaving the army, he immediately joined Charles Stewart Parnell in the Irish National Land League agitation. In February 1882 he was arrested in possession of seditious literature and sentenced under the Irish Coercion Act and imprisoned for three months in Kilmainham Gaol, Dublin, together with Parnell (with whom he shared a cell), William O'Brien, John Dillon and others. He never wavered in his loyalty to Parnell even after the latter's fall.
He went to the United States in June 1882 with Michael Davitt to collect funds for the Land League. He and his brother John Redmond then travelled to Australia in February 1883 to raise funds, collecting £15,000 sterling for the nationalist cause. They developed close links with James Dalton of Orange, New South Wales, meeting two lady members of his wealthy and very influential family who later became their wives. They both then travelled to the United States where they collected a further £15,000 sterling, many others following their example in the next years (Davitt, O'Brien, John Dillon, Eduard Blake).
In his absence in 1883, he was elected as MP for his father's old constituency of Wexford Borough, taking his seat at Westminster. When that constituency was abolished at the 1885 general election, he was returned for Fermanagh North. His time in this constituency as an Ulster MP was important. He became overly enthusiastic about reconciling Protestants to home rule, and his hopes for Protestant and catholic amity, which later emanated in his expectations of seeing Irish unity forged in the trenches on the western front.
During this decade many were his narrow escapes from capture by police during the Land League campaign when he and William O’Brien and others like them made the country ring with their exploits. For resisting a tenant's eviction in 1888 he was imprisoned to three months hard labour. During the Parnell Commission he was cited as one of eight who had “established and joined the Land League organisation with the intent by its means to bring about the absolute independence of Ireland as a separate nation”.
Political career.
His father supported the Home Rule Movement and in his election address in 1874, he declared "Home Rule is absolutely essential to the good government of the country". At the centre of Willie Redmond's political philosophy stood the belief he had inherited from his father on Irish home rule. Home Rule was necessary he declared, because the Union has "depopulated our country, has fostered sectarian strife, has destroyed our industries, and ruined our liberties".
He was an ardent, extrovert parliamentarian and like other Irish members "hated British rule in Ireland with fierce intensity". The two characteristics which dominated his character – a boyish enthusiasm and a simple unselfish sincerity – were stimulated by political action. What endeared him to the people was his fearless spirit of comradeship and self-sacrifice. Where the fight was fiercest there he was always to be found; and he would never ask anyone to do what he was not prepared to do himself. He was during the eighties and nineties, the "enfant terrible" of Irish politics. He was ejected several times from the House of Commons for his verbal excesses and involved in several violent confrontations with Unionist MPs, but nevertheless remained popular even with his political opponents. On Irish platforms he often spoke of insurrection though he remained a constitutionalist at heart.
When the Irish Party split after Parnell's fall and death in 1891, which shook Redmond deeply, he had supported Parnell entirely, whom he later saw as a saviour-like figure, and even though a devout Catholic voiced deep grievance at the antagonism of his Church to Parnell, which necessitated changing his constituency from Fermanagh to Clare after a priest declared that it would be a sin to vote for him. In the 1892 general election, he was then elected MP for the east Clare constituency, from which he was returned unopposed from the next 1900 general election until his death in 1917, in which time he did his best to preserve national unity.
Singular stand.
In condemning the South Africa Boer War in 1899 he joined with the younger nationalists such as Arthur Griffith, James Connolly and Maud Gonne. He was co-treasurer of the Irish Transvaal committee. The United Irish League (UIL) gave him opportunity to re-unite with the anti-Parnellites in the Irish Party under his brother's leadership in 1900, when he again travelled to the United States with Davitt to announce the re-unification.
William was very different from his brother John. He was volatile, spontaneous, open-hearted and more radical on many social issues, such as female suffrage, which he supported. A First World War colleague, Colonel Rowland Fielding, was to describe him as a "charming fellow with a gentle and very taking manner."
The year 1902 saw him imprisoned again in Kilmainham for an inflammatory speech in support of the UIL, causing "social discord". He was unhappy at the renewed Party split with O'Brien in 1903 after O’Brien achieved the Land Purchase (Ireland) Act 1903. Redmond, a strict teetotaller but committed smoker, devoted much time to encouraging tobacco growing in Ireland. In the following years he travelled widely visiting Irish communities around the world. Impressed by the dominion status enjoyed by Canada and Australia, it influenced his concept of self-government for Ireland, for which he made impassioned speeches, canvassing for it in 1911 and 1912 across Britain and Ireland.
With the passing of the third Home Rule Act 1914 in the House of Commons in May 1914, it “was of great sadness to him” that William O'Brien's independent All-for-Ireland League party withheld voting for the act (on the grounds that it was a ‘partition deal’).
When the Irish Volunteer Movement was recognised by the Irish Party in 1914 he threw himself into it heart and soul. He was by nature always a soldier, its spirit of comradeship and discipline appealed to him. In order to obtain arms for the Volunteers he undertook a dangerous and difficult mission to Brussels.
World War I.
With the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, his brother John Redmond called on Irish Volunteers to enlist in Irish regiments of the 10th and 16th (Irish) Divisions of Kitchener's New Service Army in the hope that this would strengthen the cause of later implementing the Home Rule Act, suspended for the duration of the war. This caused a split in the Volunteer movement and Willie Redmond was one of the first to volunteer for army service as a member of the National Volunteers. He addressed vast gatherings of Volunteers, Hibernians and the UIL, encouraging voluntary enlistment in support of the British and Allied war cause.
In November 1914 he made a famous last recruiting speech in Cork when standing at the open window of the Imperial Hotel he spoke to the crowd below: "I speak as a man who bears the name of a relation who was hanged in Wexford in ’98—William Kearney. I speak as a man with all the poor ability at his command has fought the battle for self-government for Ireland since the time—now thirty two years ago—when I lay in Kilmainham Prison with Parnell. No man who is honest can doubt the single-minded desire of myself and men like me to do what is right for Ireland. And when it comes to the question—as it may come—of asking young Irishmen to go abroad and fight this battle, when I personally am convinced that the battle of Ireland is to be fought where many Irishmen now are—in Flanders and in France—old as I am, and grey as are my hairs, I will say ‘Don’t go, but come with me.’
Redmond felt that he might serve Ireland best in the firing line, “if Germany wins we are all endangered”. He was one of five Irish MPs who served with British army Irish brigades, J. L. Esmonde, Stephen Gwynn, William Redmond and D. D. Sheehan being the others, as well as former MP Tom Kettle.
War service.
Redmond was commissioned as a captain in the 6th Royal Irish Regiment in February 1915 at the age of 53, with whom he previously had served 33 years before. After refresher training in the New Barracks, Fermoy, he went out to France on the Western Front with the 16th (Irish) Division, composed of Irish volunteer troops, under the command of Major-General William Hickie, in the winter of 1915–16. As a captain he commanded 'B' Company of his Battalion, and was soon in action, receiving a Mention in Dispatches from the British Expeditionary Force in France &amp; Flanders Commander-in-Chief Douglas Haig. Whilst the Regiment was on the march he was in the habit of refusing to ride horse-back, instead marching on foot with the men under his command, and declined to let his batman carry his pack when they were moving up to the trenches.
Redmond was convinced that the shared experience of the trenches was bringing Protestant and Catholic Irishmen together and overcoming the differences between Unionists and Nationalists. In December 1916, he told his friend Arthur Conan Doyle: "It would be a fine memorial to the men who have died so splendidly if we could, over their graves, build up a bridge between North and South. I have been thinking a lot about this lately in France – no one could help doing so when one finds that the two sections from Ireland are actually side by side holding the trenches!"
The Easter Rising of 1916 shattered him terribly and the beliefs he tenaciously held to, as he seemed to realise that the tide was turning away from constitutionalism. He knew that it would destroy all his high hopes and would ensure the ultimate division of Ireland and Irishmen. He was promoted to Major on 15 July 1916, but a breakdown in health took him away from front-line action, much to his displeasure. By 16 August his regiment had suffered 464 casualties in action.
When on leave in March 1917 he made his last parliamentary speech, defending Ireland's involvement and sacrifice. He petitioned that the British Government immediately introduce the suspended Home Rule Act, and presented the war as a chance to bring the two peoples in the island of Ireland together. The speech concluded: "In the name of God, we here who are about to die, perhaps, ask you to do that which largely induced us to leave our homes; to do that which our mothers and fathers taught us to long for; to do that which is all we desire; make our country happy and contented, and enable us, when we meet the Canadians and the Australians and the New Zealanders side by side in the common cause and the common field, to say to them: 'our country, just as yours, has self-government within the Empire."' 
Battle of Messines Ridge.
Redmond was subsequently re-deployed to the front by Major-General Hickie, who told him “We need you here” (as Redmond related to an old friend). In a letter to John Horgan he wrote “My men are splendid and we are pulling famously with the Ulstermen. Would to God we could bring this spirit back to Ireland. I shall never regret I have been out here”. On 4 June 1917, three days before his death, at a dinner organised by officers of the 7th Leinsters, he made a speech in which he “prayed for the consumption of peace between North and South'.
During preparations in Belgium for the Battle of Messines Redmond, now 56 years old, succeeded in obtaining special permission to re-join his Battalion, returning to 'B' Company of the 6th Battalion Royal Irish Regiment, the night before the planned assault of 7 June 1917. During that night he went around the Regiment and visited all four companies of the 6th R.I.R. and, according to his commanding officer Major Charles Taylor, "spoke to every man". Before he returned to the front for the last time he had told a friend of a feeling he had that "I'm going back to get killed". Redmond believed that by serving together in the trenches the different populations in Ireland could be reconciled, and hoped that Ireland's Protestants would thereby come to accept Home Rule.
Death.
The Irish troops of the 16th and 36th Divisions made a shoulder-to-shoulder successful advance in the great attack on the Messines Ridge towards the small village of Wytschaete (now Wijtschate) next to Messines. On going over the top Redmond, leading his men, was one of the first out of the trenches. He was hit by German defensive fire almost immediately in the wrist, and then further on in the leg; falling to the ground, he urged his men on as they flowed forward about him towards the German lines. Stretcher bearers from the 36th (Ulster) Division, one of them Private John Meeke of the 11th Inniskillings, who was himself wounded, brought him back into the British lines from no man's land, and he was conveyed to a Casualty Clearing Station at the Catholic Hospice at Locre (now Loker) in Dranoutre. Redmond died there from his wounds later that afternoon.
Almost all the newspapers in Britain and Ireland, both national and local, reported his death. His wife and his brother John Redmond received more than 400 messages of sympathy from all parts of the British Empire and beyond. Among the people who paid tribute to his memory were the Unionist MP Sir Edward Carson and the poet Francis Ledwidge. Major-General Hickie paid tribute to him, saying that Redmond's "presence within the Division and his affection for it were a great asset to me". Lloyd George introduced the Irish Convention on 11 June quoting Redmond's sacrifice. The French Government posthumously awarded him the Legion of Honour.
His death in battle made more international impact than the death of any other British soldier in the Great War, except for that of Lord Kitchener.
Grave.
Redmond's body was buried in a detached grave in the convent's garden outside the Locre Hospice Cemetery, on the 8 June 1917, near to where the bodies of men from his Brigade who also fell in action that day are buried. At his request, soldiers from both the 16th (Irish) Division and the 36th (Ulster) Division provided his Guard of Honour. The men of the 36th (Ulster) Division made a donation of £100 to a memorial fund for him.
In October 1919 his widow Eleanor visited the grave and was pleased with how it had been kept by the Sisters. When the War Graves Commission started to concentrate burials in the area they wrote to her asking for her permission to move him. Eleanor requested that his body be left where it lay in the care of the nuns of Locre.
Redmond was the 'Grand Old Man of the Irish Division' and is a key representative figure of the Irish constitutional nationalists who fought in the 1914-1918 War. His detached 'lonely grave' came to be emblematic in the subsequent political passage of events in Ireland in the 20th Century of the dislocation and ambiguity that the Irish nation felt for its sons who had chosen to fight in the conflict.
In a memorandum attached to his will, Redmond wrote: "I should like all my friends in Ireland to know that in joining the Irish Brigade and going to France I sincerely believed, as all the Irish soldiers do, that I was doing my best for the welfare of Ireland." 
Remembrance.
Redmond is commemorated on Panel 8 of the Parliamentary War Memorial in Westminster Hall, one of 22 MPs that died during World War I to be named on that memorial. Redmond is one of 19 MPs who fell in the war who are commemorated by heraldic shields in the Commons Chamber. A further act of commemoration came with the unveiling in 1932 of a manuscript-style illuminated book of remembrance for the House of Commons, which includes a short biographical account of the life and death of Redmond.
The local people of Loker continue to attend to his symbolic grave with great respect, organising Commemorations, the last in 1967 (organised by the R.C. priest Father Debevere) and 1997 (organised by Erwin Ureel), refusing to allow the grave to be moved. Redmond's Bar, an 'Irish' pub in Loker is named after him.
Twenty-seven years after his last speech in the House of Commons in March 1917, Winston Churchill in April, 1944, speaking in a debate on the future of the Commonwealth, recalled what he called that gallant figure and reflected sadly that "maybe an opportunity was then lost". He added truly that if Ireland was "the lamentable exception" to Imperial unity it was one concerning which English politicians "must all search their hearts".
In the town of Wexford there is a bust of him by Oliver Sheppard in Redmond Park which was formally opened as a memorial to him in 1931 in the presence of a large crowd including many of his old friends and comrades and political representatives from all parts of Ireland. It was re-launched by the Wexford Borough Council in 2002.
An official wreath laying ceremony took place at his grave on 19 December 2013, when the Prime Ministers of both Ireland and the United Kingdom, Enda Kenny and David Cameron paid tribute to him, with Kenny reflecting . . . "The thought crossed my mind standing at the grave of Willie Redmond, that was why we have a European Union and why I'm attending a European Council." Both also paid visits to the Island of Ireland Peace Park at Messines, Belgium, where all the Irish who died in the Great War are commemorated, as well as the Menin Gate Memorial in Ypres, Belgium. Kenny again visited his grave in 2017 on the 100th anniversary of Redmond's death.

</doc>
<doc id="7046669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046669" title="Interest point detection">
Interest point detection



</doc>
<doc id="7046676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046676" title="Borneo Pygmy Elephant">
Borneo Pygmy Elephant



</doc>
<doc id="7046688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046688" title="Alabama State Route 22">
Alabama State Route 22

State Route 22 (SR 22) is a state highway that extends from Safford in Dallas County to the Georgia state line near Roanoke in Randolph County. The route travels across most of the state from west to east.
Route description.
Starting at an intersection with SR 5 in Safford, the route travels northeast through Selma and Maplesville. At Clanton the highway is concurrent for with U.S. Route 31 (US 31), including an intersection with Interstate 65 (I-65) near the geographical center of the state. The route proceeds towards Verbena and then crosses Lake Jordan.
The route continues east-northeast through Rockford, Alexander City, New Site and Roanoke on its way to the Georgia state line, where the road becomes Georgia State Route 34. The route is paved throughout and occasionally multi-lane. Counties traversed by the route include Dallas, Chilton, Coosa, Tallapoosa, Chambers, and Randolph.

</doc>
<doc id="7046690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046690" title="Murderface">
Murderface



</doc>
<doc id="7046691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046691" title="William Henry Harrison High School (Evansville, Indiana)">
William Henry Harrison High School (Evansville, Indiana)

William Henry Harrison High School, also known as Evansville Harrison High School, is a public high school on the east side of Evansville, Indiana. Students at Harrison come from the Plaza Park Middle School and McGary Middle School.
Harrison High School opened in September, 1962. The school was named for William Henry Harrison, the ninth President of the United States.
Sports.
Marching Band
"Also see: Sports in Evansville"

</doc>
<doc id="7046697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046697" title="Synergy model of nursing">
Synergy model of nursing

The American Association of Critical-Care Nurses’ (AACN) developed the synergy model of patient care as a conceptual framework for their critical care nurse certification program. This midlevel nursing theory identifies core competencies necessary for critical care nurses while providing structure for the AACN certification exam . 
According to the Synergy model, critical care patients have specific characteristics, while nurses have specific competencies. The core concept underlying the synergy model is nurse-patient interaction as reciprocal and constantly evolving while each party responds to the characteristics and actions of the other. Synergy, or ideal patient outcomes, can be reached by matching patient needs and characteristics with appropriate nurse competencies to work towards common goals in a mutually enhancing manner. 
Concept.
While the premise of the Synergy Model is relatively simple the concepts behind the model are quite complex. The model itself consists of sixteen core concepts: eight patient characteristics and eight nurse competencies. Each of these characteristics and competencies is classified on one of three levels, ranging from minimal complexity to highly complex for patients and competent to expert for nursing.

</doc>
<doc id="7046698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046698" title="Deep River (novel)">
Deep River (novel)

 is a novel by Shūsaku Endō published in 1993. When he died in 1996, the novel was one of only two chosen to be placed inside his coffin.
Plot summary.
The story traces the journey of four Japanese tourists on a tour of India in 1984. Each has different purposes and expectations. Even though the tour is interrupted when Prime Minister Indira Gandhi is assassinated by militant Sikhs, the tourists find their own spiritual discoveries on the banks of the Ganges River.
One of the tourists is Osamu Isobe. He is a middle-class manager whose wife has died of cancer. On her deathbed she asked him to look for her in a future reincarnation. His search takes him to India, even though he has doubts about reincarnation.
Kiguchi is haunted by wartime horrors in Burma and seeks to have Buddhist rituals performed in India for the souls of his friends in the Japanese army as well as his enemies. He is impressed by a foreign Christian volunteer who helped his sick friend deal with tragic experiences during the war.
Numada has a deep love for animals ever since he was a child in Manchuria. He believes that a pet bird he owns has died in his place. He goes to India to visit a bird sanctuary.
Mitsuko Naruse, after a failed marriage, realizes that she is a person incapable of love. She goes to India hoping to find the meaning of life. Her values are challenged by the awaiting Otsu, a former schoolmate she once cruelly seduced and then left. Although he had a promising career as a Catholic priest, Otsu’s heretical ideas of a pantheistic God have led to his expulsion. He helps carry dead Indians to the local crematoria so that their ashes can be spread over the Ganges. His efforts ultimately lead to his peril as he is caught in the anti-Sikh uprisings in the country. Meanwhile, Mitsuko meets two nuns from the Missionaries of Charity and begins to understand Otsu's idea of God.
Film adaption.
A film based on the novel (also named "Fukai kawa") was made in 1995. It was directed by Kei Kumai. The film stars Kumiko Akiyoshi as Mitsuko, Eiji Okuda as Otsu, Hisashi Igawa as Isobe, Yoichi Numata as Kiguchi, and Tetta Sugimoto as Enami. Kyōko Kagawa plays Mrs. Isobe in flashbacks, while Numada becomes Tsukada, played by Toshiro Mifune, and Kin Sugai plays his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="7046699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046699" title="Fatima Rainey">
Fatima Rainey

Fatima Rainey (born 24 July 1967) is a Swedish pop singer.
Rainey has released two studio albums through Warner Music Group of Japan. She was married to actor and stand-up comedian Claes Malmberg. She also has a daughter by the name Perla Malmberg with Claes. Perla has expanded her social media over the last year and has been gaining a lot of followers on platforms like Tiktok. They also have a son together whose name is Nelson.
Her 1998 song "Hey" was a huge hit in South Africa and remains popular today. The song also became a dance hit in the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="7046704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046704" title="Wandsworth Clapham (UK Parliament constituency)">
Wandsworth Clapham (UK Parliament constituency)



</doc>
<doc id="7046705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046705" title="Pickles the Drummer">
Pickles the Drummer



</doc>
<doc id="7046709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046709" title="Shane Warne Cricket '99">
Shane Warne Cricket '99



</doc>
<doc id="7046730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046730" title="Gene Bailey">
Gene Bailey

Arthur Eugene Bailey (November 25, 1893 – November 14, 1973) was an American backup outfielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Philadelphia Athletics (1917), Boston Braves (1919–1920), Boston Red Sox (1920) and Brooklyn Robins (1923–1924). Bailey batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Pearsall, Texas.
In a five-season career, Bailey was a .246 hitter with two home runs and 52 RBI in 213 games played. His best season was when he hit .265 with 71 runs, 42 RBI, 109 hits, 11 doubles, seven triples and tallied nine stolen bases in 127 games – all career-highs.
Bailey died in Houston, Texas, at the age of 79.

</doc>
<doc id="7046738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046738" title="Els pets">
Els pets



</doc>
<doc id="7046746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046746" title="M.G.Sreekumar">
M.G.Sreekumar



</doc>
<doc id="7046753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046753" title="Two Tales and Eight Tomorrows">
Two Tales and Eight Tomorrows

 
Two Tales and Eight Tomorrows is a collection of science fiction stories by American writer Harry Harrison between 1958 and 1965. It was published in 1965 by Victor Gollancz Ltd.
Contents.
The collection includes:
Reception.
Dave Pringle reviewed "Two Tales and Eight Tomorrows" for "Imagine" magazine, and stated that "These early stories are mostly light and bright, although 'The Streets of Ashkelon' is a memorable alien melodrama on a religious theme."

</doc>
<doc id="7046758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046758" title="Airprox">
Airprox



</doc>
<doc id="7046760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046760" title="Grandiose Delusion">
Grandiose Delusion



</doc>
<doc id="7046766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046766" title="War of the Cuban Independence">
War of the Cuban Independence



</doc>
<doc id="7046772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046772" title="Prime Number (short story collection)">
Prime Number (short story collection)

Prime Number published in 1970, is a collection of science fiction stories by American writer Harry Harrison.
Reception.
Dave Pringle reviewed "Prime Number" for "Imagine" magazine, and stated that "These early stories are mostly light and bright".

</doc>
<doc id="7046773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046773" title="Federal'naya Sluzhba Bezopasnosti">
Federal'naya Sluzhba Bezopasnosti



</doc>
<doc id="7046774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046774" title="Gut Wrench">
Gut Wrench



</doc>
<doc id="7046787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046787" title="Caen Hill Locks">
Caen Hill Locks

Caen Hill Locks () are a flight of 29 locks on the Kennet and Avon Canal, between Rowde and Devizes in Wiltshire, England. Of the 107 locks on the canal, those at Caen Hill are numbered 22 to 50, and they are near the canal highpoint at Cadley Lock (number 54).
Description.
The 29 locks have a rise of 237 feet in 2 miles ( in ) or a 1 in 44 gradient. The locks come in three groups: the lower seven locks (nos 22 to 28), from Foxhangers Wharf to Upper Foxhangers Bridge, are spread over ; the next sixteen locks (nos 29 to 44) form a steep flight in a straight line up the hillside and are designated as a scheduled monument and are also known as one of the Seven Wonders of the Waterways. Because of the steepness of the terrain, the pounds between these locks are very short. As a result, fifteen of them have unusually large sideways-extended pounds, to store the water needed to operate them. A final six locks (nos 45 to 50) take the canal into Devizes. The locks take 5–6 hours to traverse in a boat.
The side pounds, the areas around them and adjoining fields to the north, are managed as nature habitat by the Canal &amp; River Trust. Over 30,000 trees were planted in 2012–13 to mark the Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II.
History.
This flight was John Rennie the Elder's solution to climbing a steep hill and, in 1810, was the last part of the route of the Kennet and Avon navigation, commenced in 1796, between Bristol and Reading, to be opened. A brickyard had been established to the south of the site for the manufacture of bricks for the lock chambers. This remained in viable commercial use until the middle of the 20th century. John Blackwell oversaw the locks' construction as Rennie's site agent. Between 1801 and 1810, a tramway had provided a trade link between Foxhangers at the bottom and Devizes at the top, the remains of which can be seen in the towpath arches of the road bridges over the canal.
In the early 19th century, between 1829 and 1843, the flight was lit by gas lights.
After the coming of the railways, the canal fell into disuse and was closed. The last cargo through the flight was a consignment of grain conveyed from Avonmouth to Newbury in October 1948. From the 1960s there was a major clearing and rebuilding operation, culminating in a visit by Elizabeth II in 1990 to open the new locks officially, although the flight had been navigable for a number of years before then.
Because a large volume of water is needed for the locks to operate, a back pump was installed at Foxhangers in 1996 capable of returning of water per day to the top of the flight, which is equivalent to one lockful every eleven minutes.
In 2010 British Waterways planned to install sixteen new lock gates in twelve weeks as part of its winter maintenance programme, in an attempt to reduce the amount of water lost. The exceptionally cold weather delayed work, and when the section was re-opened at Easter 2010 only twelve pairs of gates had been dealt with. The wood from the old gates was donated to Glastonbury Festival and used to build a new bridge which was named in honour of Arabella Churchill, one of the festival's founders.
Lock names.
A few locks at either end are named after topographic features. More have been named after benefactors, beginning in 1984 with locks 44 to 48. Those named include number 
22 (Lower Foxhangers), 
23 (Foxhangers), 
27 (Marsh Lane), 
28 (Moonrake),
29 (Youth Division), 
30 (Fundraisers'), 
33 (Lloyds), 
36 (Peter Lindley-Jones),
38 (Jack Dalby), 
39 (Skaggs Foundation), 
40 (Paul Ensor)
41 (Boto-X), 
42 (Monument), 
43 (Queen Elizabeth II), 
44 (Sir Hugh Stockwell), 
45 (Cave), 
46 (A. P. Herbert), 
47 (Manifold), 
48 (Trust), 
49 (Maton), and 
50 (Kennet).

</doc>
<doc id="7046791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046791" title="New Fairfield High School">
New Fairfield High School

New Fairfield High School is the only public high school in New Fairfield, Connecticut, United States. It enrolls approximately 500 to 700 students annually in grades 9-12 from New Fairfield, as well as students from the neighboring town of Sherman who elect to attend. James D'Amico (class of 1994) was named principal of New Fairfield High School in 2019.
The school mascot is the "Rebel," depicted on school symbols as a Revolutionary War soldier. This mascot was chosen by students at the school in celebration of the United States Bicentennial in 1976, as that was the first graduating class.
NFHS was ranked #59 by "U.S. News &amp; World Report" among high schools in Connecticut for 2019.
History.
Prior to the 1970s, students from New Fairfield attended Danbury High School for grades 9-12. In 1971, the town decided to open its own high school, and hired architect Theodore Strauss of Katonah, New York to design the building. The land selected was over one-hundred acres of former farmland and woods located on Gillotti Road, west of Hidden Valley Pond and Meeting House Hill School. Construction began in 1972 on the school, which opened for the 1973–1974 school year. At the time of opening, the building had several deficiencies. The problems are outlined in the so-called "Werner Report", commissioned by the Board of Selectmen in 1976.
Once the school opened in 1973, it would house students in grades 7-10, with juniors and seniors still attending school in Danbury. The first graduating class was the Class of 1976. Legend has it that this first cohort wished for the school teams to be named the Seventy-Sixers, to both honor the nation's bicentennial and the first NFHS graduates. However, the more universal "Rebels" was chosen, the first depiction of which was General David Wooster, a Revolutionary War hero who was mortally wounded at the Battle of Ridgefield after the British raid on Danbury in 1777.
The school was constructed with open classrooms in most areas that were retrofitted with walls in later years, including significant alterations completed in the 1990s as part of the construction of the New Fairfield Middle School addition. There were also significant upgrades and expansion of science lab facilities in 2010, and the culinary arts facilities in 2018. 
Construction of new building.
In October 2019, the town of New Fairfield passed a referendum to construct a new building to house New Fairfield High School, as well as a new addition to Meeting House Hill School, which will house the grades currently located at Consolidated Elementary School. The new school will be located on the same campus as the original building, which will be torn down upon completion of construction, except for the gymnasium, pool, and cafeteria, which will be repurposed for community use. Architectural firm JCJ Architecture, of Hartford, Connecticut, was selected by the town's Permanent Building Committee to design the new schools. The new facility is expected to open in fall of 2023, just in time to see the graduation of the senior class of 2024.
Academics.
Graduation requirements.
In order to earn a diploma from New Fairfield High School, students must earn a minimum of twenty-six credits, including a community service requirement and the Senior Enrichment Experience (SEE) project. All students must pass and earn credit according to the following distribution: A minimum of four credits in English; three credits each of Math, Science, and Social Studies; two credits each in Physical Education &amp; Health and Fine &amp; Applied Arts; one credit each of World Language and SEE; one-half credit each of School &amp; Community Service and Personal Finance; and six additional elective credits. Beginning with the Class of 2023, three and one-half credits of Social Studies, one credit of Fine &amp; Performing Arts, one-half additional credit in English, Social Studies or Fine &amp; Performing Arts, one credit of Career/Technology Education, two additional credits of Math, Science, and/or Career/Technology Education will be required as part of the twenty-six credits necessary to graduate.
Advanced offerings.
Early college experience courses.
New Fairfield High School offers several courses in which students can earn college credit while taking an advanced level course during high school. The school partners with both the University of Connecticut, Western Connecticut State University, and the University of Bridgeport to offer these courses. For the 2020–2021 school year, Early College Experience offerings are as follows:
"*indicates that course runs concurrently with an AP course offering"
Elective programs.
The Connecticut Wing Civil Air Patrol 801st New Fairfield Cadet Squadron (NER-CT-801) operated out of the school, the squadrons charter was deactivated due to low membership. The school also has a highly regarded band and choir that performs throughout the year.
Athletics.
Program offerings.
New Fairfield High School has twenty-four varsity level sports programs, all of which participate in the South West Conference (SWC). Prior to the beginning of play in this conference in the fall 1995 season, New Fairfield was a member of the former Western Connecticut Conference (WCC). Most home athletic contests take place on the school campus, with facilities including the NFHS gymnasium (basketball, cheerleading, volleyball, wrestling), NFHS Pool (swim &amp; dive), Rebels Stadium (football, cross country, outdoor track), Rebel Turf (field hockey, lacrosse, soccer), and fields for baseball and softball.
The Rebels' main rivals in the SWC are the New Milford High School Green Wave, most notably in football. The two schools meet annually for the Thanksgiving "Candlewood Cup" game, named for Candlewood Lake, which both towns border.
Current athletics programs offered at the school:
Championships.
The Rebels have a rich athletic tradition, with 24 state championships and 28 league championships. The first league championship won by a school team was the 1977 baseball team, and the Softball team claimed the first Connecticut state championship for the school in 1980. Recently, the girls basketball team won the 2017 state title, as did the girls cross country team in 2018. During the last several years, both lacrosse teams have been dominant, with the girls winning state titles in 2017, 2018 and 2019, joined by the boys who won state championships in 2018 and 2019. 

</doc>
<doc id="7046794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046794" title="Milton Keynes Shopping Centre">
Milton Keynes Shopping Centre



</doc>
<doc id="7046796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046796" title="Roel Kuiper">
Roel Kuiper

Roelof (Roel) Kuiper (born 5 April 1962 in Mariënberg) is a Dutch historian, philosopher, ideologue, politician and university professor. He was from 2007 to 2019 a member of the Dutch Senate, and is professor of Reformational philosophy at the Erasmus Universiteit Rotterdam in the name of the Association for Reformational philosophy, teaching Society Issues at the Christelijke Hogeschool Ede and Gereformeerde Hogeschool Zwolle and Political and social philosophy at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam (VU).
Kuiper received his doctorate in History in 1986 at the VU. In 1992 he got his promotion at the same university on the subject: "Zelfbeeld en wereldbeeld: antirevolutionairen en het buitenland 1848–1905". He received his doctorate in Philosophy at the VU in 1998.
Positions.
After his doctorate in History Kuiper had, besides what is written above, different other positions, such as teacher at the MO-teacherseducation History, at the Evangelische Hogeschool in Amersfoort, from 1991 until 1995 he was director of the Association for Reformational Philosophy in Utrecht and in 1995 he succeeded André Rouvoet as director of the Marnix van Sint Aldegonde Stichting, the Scientific Institute of the Reformational Political Federation until 2002. From 2000 until 2002 he was director of the Scientific Institute of the Christian Union, the Groen van Prinsterer Stichting.
Kuiper was a member of "Nationale Conventie", a think tank for a revision of the national political system. This system consists presently of an executive government, a bicameral parliament, the judiciary and the political parties. The central question was if changes in that system could contribute to recovery of faith between citizens and government. He has also served as a professor specialized in Christian identity at the Theological University of the Reformed Churches.
The historical, political and philosophical publications by Kuiper are often apologetic by nature, defending the Christian faith in the Netherlands against ongoing secularization. Many of his ideas are inspired by Guillaume Groen van Prinsterer, the intellectual father of the Antirevolutionary Party; Kuiper wrote a biography of Groen in 2001.
Politics.
Kuiper was a Christian Union member of the Senate from 12 June 2007 until 11 June 2019. He was also a Senate group leader from 7 June 2011 until 11 June 2019, succeeding Egbert Schuurman. Following the party losing two of its five seats in the 2023 general election, Kuiper was tasked with reshaping its vision. His assignment included investigating the party's participation in the fourth Rutte cabinet and investigating whether the Christian Union had become too leftist.

</doc>
<doc id="7046799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046799" title="Augustine Ahinful">
Augustine Ahinful

Augustine Ahinful (born 30 November 1974) is a Ghanaian former professional footballer who played as a second striker, notably for Ankaragücü in the Süper Lig.
Club career.
Ahinful was born in Accra. He was the Ghana Premier League topscorer on 1992–93 season with Goldfield Obuasi. He played for Borussia Dortmund in Germany, Grasshoppers in Switzerland, União de Leiria and Boavista in Portugal, Venezia in Italy, Ankaragücü and Trabzonspor in Turkey.
International career.
Ahinful made several appearance for the Ghana national team. He participated in the 1993 FIFA World Youth Championship, 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 African Cup of Nations.
Honours.
Club.
Trabzonspor

</doc>
<doc id="7046804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046804" title="The Barefoot Doctor">
The Barefoot Doctor

Stephen Russell, who wrote under the pseudonym The Barefoot Doctor, was a practitioner and teacher of Taoism.
Work and teaching.
Russell grew up in Hampstead, an area in London. On leaving full-time education Russell started to travel extensively and began to deepen his study of Taoism. He returned to London in 1983 where he ran an acupuncture practice for 17 years, as well as facilitating self-help workshops. Some of his clients included celebrities such as Madonna.
He wrote twenty one books, including "Barefoot Doctor's Handbook for the Urban Warrior, A Spiritual Survival Guide and Pure: A Path to Peace, Power and Prosperity."
Russell was a weekly columnist for The Observer for five years. 
In addition to giving talks, leading workshops and commenting on holistic and spiritual matters, he made a series for BBC UK Style named "Barefoot Doctor" which was broadcast in 2003.
Criticism.
Mainstream medical professionals have criticised the advice given in Russell's popular "Observer" column as being founded on traditional beliefs rather than science, and his books have been described as "health fiction".
He was accused of "sexually predatory" behaviour by several women. Jonathan Coe of medical practitioners' standards charity Witness, said that they had received five complaints about Russell relating to patients in treatment. Russell admitted to having sex with ex-patients.

</doc>
<doc id="7046809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046809" title="Peter breinholt">
Peter breinholt



</doc>
<doc id="7046812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046812" title="Endomychorrhizal">
Endomychorrhizal



</doc>
<doc id="7046814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046814" title="Biblical Last Days">
Biblical Last Days



</doc>
<doc id="7046816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046816" title="Hybrid silicon laser">
Hybrid silicon laser

A hybrid silicon laser is a semiconductor laser fabricated from both silicon and group III-V semiconductor materials. The hybrid silicon laser was developed to address the lack of a silicon laser to enable fabrication of low-cost, mass-producible silicon optical devices. The hybrid approach takes advantage of the light-emitting properties of III-V semiconductor materials combined with the process maturity of silicon to fabricate electrically driven lasers on a silicon wafer that can be integrated with other silicon photonic devices.
Physics.
A hybrid silicon laser is an optical source that is fabricated from both silicon and group III-V semiconductor materials (e.g. Indium(III) phosphide, Gallium(III) arsenide). It comprises a silicon waveguide fused to an active, light-emitting, III-V epitaxial semiconductor wafer. The III-V epitaxial wafer is designed with different layers such that the active layer can emit light when it is excited either by shining light, e.g. a laser onto it; or by passing electricity through it. The emitted light from the active layer couples into the silicon waveguide due to their close proximity (&lt;130 nm separation) where it can be guided to reflect off mirrors at the end of the silicon waveguide to form the laser cavity.
Fabricate.
The silicon laser is fabricated by a technique called plasma assisted wafer bonding. Silicon waveguides are first fabricated on a silicon on insulator (SOI) wafer. This SOI wafer and the un-patterned III-V wafer are then exposed to an oxygen plasma before being pressed together at a low (for semiconductor manufacturing) temperature of 300C for 12 hours. This process fuses the two wafers together. The III-V wafer is then etched into mesas to expose electrical layers in the epitaxial structure. Metal contacts are fabricated on these contact layers allowing electric current to flow to the active region. 
Silicon manufacturing and fabrication is widely used in the electronic industry to mass-produce low-cost electronic devices. Silicon photonics uses these same electronic manufacturing technologies to make low-cost integrated optical devices. One issue with using silicon for an optical device is that silicon is a poor light emitter and cannot be used to make an electrically pumped laser. This means that lasers have first to be fabricated on a separate III-V semiconductor wafer before being individually aligned to each silicon device, in a process that is both costly and time-consuming, limiting the total number of lasers that can be used on a silicon photonic circuit. By using this wafer bonding technique many hybrid silicon lasers can be fabricated simultaneously on a silicon wafer, all aligned to the silicon photonic devices.
Uses.
Potential uses cited in the references below include fabricating many, possibly hundreds of hybrid silicon lasers on a die and using silicon photonics to combine them together to form high bandwidth optical links for personal computers, servers or back planes. These lasers are now fabricated on 300 mm silicon wafers in CMOS foundries in volumes of over one million per year.
The low loss of silicon waveguides means these lasers can have very narrow linewidths (&lt;1 kHz) which opens up new applications such as coherent transmitters, optical LIDARs, optical gyroscopes, and other applications. These lasers can be used to pump nonlinear devices to make optical synthesizers with a stability of 1 part in 1017.

</doc>
<doc id="7046819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046819" title="Lynn Seaton">
Lynn Seaton

Lynn Seaton (born July 18, 1957 in Tulsa, Oklahoma) is a jazz bassist associated with bebop and swing.
He has appeared on over 125 albums, including "Nirvana" by Bucky Pizzarelli, and the Grammy Award winning "Diane Schuur &amp; the Count Basie Orchestra". He has also recorded as a leader on releases such as "Bassman's Basement" and "Zoom Blewz".
He began with classical guitar, but switched to bass at age 9. He began his professional career after moving to Ohio with the Steve Schmidt Trio, and later he did a two-year world tour with the Count Basie Orchestra. He has performed and recorded with other notable musicians such as Woody Herman, Jeff Hamilton, and George Shearing. He currently teaches at the University of North Texas.
Discography.
As leader
As sideman (partial)

</doc>
<doc id="7046823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046823" title="Ie (trading houses)">
Ie (trading houses)

Ie (家, lit. "house") were pre-modern Japanese trading houses and precursors to the modern "zaibatsu" and "keiretsu". They first emerged in the mid-18th century, and shared many features with the Western concept of cottage industry. The "ie" operated on a system very similar to what economists today call the "Putting-Out system" or "workshop system." City-based merchants would provide rural producers with raw materials and equipment, and would then sell the final product in the cities.
This level of organization to production, with one trading house (in effect, one company) controlling production, transportation, and sales, was unprecedented in Japan, and can easily been seen as the forerunner to the factory system, economic and industrial modernization, and the rise of the "zaibatsu" (Japanese monopolies). One of the key differences, organizationally, however, between the "ie" and the "zaibatsu" which would come later is that the "ie" always focused on producing and selling only one or two types of goods; so-called "horizontal "zaibatsu"" would seek to deal in many unrelated types of goods. For example, today, Mitsubishi is both an automobile company and a bank.
Two of the "ie", founded by merchants in the early 17th century, survive today as Mitsui and Sumitomo, both major modern Japanese corporations.
History.
In the late 18th and 19th centuries, as Japan's economy continued to develop and modernize in many ways, the "ie" adapted, changing and growing to meet the demands of the new economic situation. Many became banks, trading originally in rice (which was essentially currency; see "koku") and later in paper and metal currency. In doing so, they began to replace the Osaka rice brokers; by 1868, the Osaka rice brokers, in many ways the first bankers in Japan, had disappeared. The next step in the development of the "ie" would come with the opening of Japan to foreign trade in the 1850s-60s. Many "ie" reorganized and came to be known as "sōgō shōsha" (総合商社), trading companies which focused on exchanging domestic goods for foreign goods, which they would then resell in Japan's major cities. By the beginning of the 20th century, the "ie" had disappeared. However, many were not eliminated, but rather transformed into modern "sōgō shōsha", "zaibatsu", and banks.
References.
June 2003 https://web.archive.org/web/20061130143059/http://www.ac.wwu.edu/~kaplan/.

</doc>
<doc id="7046828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046828" title="Giovani Comunisti">
Giovani Comunisti



</doc>
<doc id="7046835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046835" title="Lycoperdon umbrinum">
Lycoperdon umbrinum

Lycoperdon umbrinum, commonly known as the umber-brown puffball, is a type of Puffball mushroom in the genus "Lycoperdon". It is a saprophyte, and grows mainly in coniferous forests. It is found in China, Europe, Africa, and North America.
Description.
This species has a fruit body that is shaped like a top, with a short, partly buried stipe. It is tall and broad. It is approximately the size of a golf ball but may grow to be as big as a tennis ball. "Lycoperdon umbrinum" is very similar to "Lycoperdon molle". Key differences include that the spines on "L. umbrinum" are sparser and that the spores of "L. molle" are much larger. The spores of "L. umbrinum" are spherical and either smooth or ornamented with spines. In the KOH test, the spores appear olive-yellow.
The fruit body is initially pale brown then reddish to blackish brown, and the outer wall has slender, persistent spines up to 1 mm long. Spores are roughly spherical, 3.5–5.5 μm in diameter, with fine warts and a pedicel that is 0.5–15 μm long. It is uncommon and found mostly in coniferous woods on sandy soils.
The species is considered edible, though caution must be exercised due to a possibility of confusion with the toxic earth ball or deadly "Amanita."
Ecology and habitat.
This fungus is saprophytic, commonly growing in forests and under conifers. It has also been seen growing in poor quality soil in hardwood and conifer areas. It has been observed growing by itself, dispersed, or many together.
The fruiting period is from June through September. Unlike agarics which have gills that hold spores, when conditions are right, L. umbrinum will become dry and burst to release their spores.
Interestingly, "Lycoperdon umbrinum" likely has a mycorrhizal relationship with "Pinus patula." One study investigated this relationship and found these species were often growing near each other. Additionally, there were development of branched and finger-like mycorrhizae underneath the "L. umbrinum" fruiting bodies. This study was done in South Africa where it is common that coniferous plants grown on large scale have this mutualism (and "L. umbrinum" is one of them).
Edibility and medicinal uses.
"Lycoperdon umbrinum" is edible and has been found to have some medicinal purposes. This mushroom has historically been used by the Mam ethnic group in Mexico. They call it “wutz anim” or “dead’s eye” which they use to keep away the evil eye. They typically prepare it by boiling and eat it by itself or with other plants. This group also uses it against asthma (creating a powder mixed with other plants) and additional uses that seem to overlap with the uses of baby powder. In some parts of the country, there is a mushroom gathering tradition (where these mushrooms are used for food, medicine, religious purposes, or for selling) that the whole family is a part of.
In the lab, "L. umbrinum" has been found to have significant antibacterial properties and potentially antimicrobial properties. It was found that "Aspergillus tamarii" (an endophytic fungus) is associated with "L. umbrinum" through a mutualistic relation. "A. tamarii", extracted from "L. umbrinum", has significant antibacterial properties specifically on "Salmonella typhi, Staphylococcus aureus, Bacillus subtilis," and "Escherichia coli." "L. umbrinum" was also found to have antimicrobial activities against methicillin resistant "Staphylococcus aureus" (MRSA). "Lycoperdon umbrinum" and "Trametes versicolor" were found to inhibit the MRSA growth to the greatest degree (compared to the other fungi in the study) indicating that these species could hold a new source of antimicrobial properties to fight MRSA.
Although it may have helpful antibacterial and antimibrobial properties, spore inhalation should be avoided. Inhalation of "Lycoperdon" spp. could cause lycoperdonosis, a reaction to inhalation or ingestion of puffball spores which can lead to unpleasant symptoms.  
Nutrients.
"Lycoperdon umbrinum" contains tocopherols with α- and β- isoforms and has high ash content (indicating it has minerals important for nutrition).

</doc>
<doc id="7046851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046851" title="Samaya">
Samaya

The samaya (, , pinyin: "Sānmèiyē jiè"; rōmaji":" "sonmaya kai"), is a set of vows or precepts given to initiates of an esoteric Vajrayana Buddhist order as part of the abhiṣeka (empowerment or initiation) ceremony that creates a bond between the guru and disciple.
According to Keown, "et al.", "samaya" may be defined as:
Indo-Tibetan Buddhism.
Fourteen root downfalls.
In one of the most widely followed teachings on samaya, Sakya Pandita, a preeminent 12th century Tibetan Buddhism scholar, outlined fourteen primary points of observance to consider in keeping one's samaya vow pure.
Jamgon Kongtrul comments on the "Lamrim Yeshe Ningpo" that samaya is established by taking abhiṣeka and samaya is the manner in which practitioners "preserve the life-force of that empowerment within your being".
Root and branch.
Khenpo Karthar Rinpoche defines root samayas as any which if violated would remove all the benefit from practicing. He defines branch samayas as any which if violated would diminish or impair the benefit of practice. He states that the most egregious root samaya to violate is the commitment to one's guru.
Foregrounding the mindful observance of the mindstream, whilst intimating the binding reciprocity of samaya, Gyatrul (b. 1924) in his commentary to Chagmé (Wylie: karma-chags-med, fl. 17th century), rendered into English by Wallace (Chagmé "et al.", 1998: p. 29) states:
If a Lama obstinately refuses to grant instruction to a qualified disciple, this constitutes an infraction of the Lama's samaya. It is proper for the Lama to show some hesitation by not consenting on the first request in order to arouse and examine the disciple. It is not a ploy to see if the amount of offerings can be increased, but rather provides time to examine the student's mind-stream.
In the Nyingma lineage, the three root samayas are categorized as body, speech, and mind. Each requires refraining from non-virtue as well as maintaining sacred view. Maintaining sacred view generally means to view all beings and all phenomenon as 'primordially pure' (Tib: kadak). The samaya of body is to refrain from non-virtue with respect to body, and also to always offer yourself to your guru and to your vajra sangha. The samaya of speech is to avoid non-virtuous speech, and also to never forget one's commitment to practicing mantra. The samaya of mind is to refrain from divulging the secrets and to always maintain the view that one's mind is dharmakaya.
Repairing damaged samaya.
According to Tulku Urgyen Rinpoche, there are four increasing stages in which one's samaya may be damaged: "infraction, breach, violation, and complete break". Once damaged, samaya may be repaired. But if it is left without repair for more than three years, it is not repairable.
Samaya is easily damaged. Patrul Rinpoche said it is very hard to maintain samaya and used a famous metaphor that maintaining samaya is like keeping a mirror or tile clean that is lifted up into a sand storm; dust settles on it as soon as it is clean and we must continuously clean it. To repair samaya, a practitioner may restore mindfulness and awareness of sacred view; confess the violation to another practitioner that holds samaya; recite the one hundred syllable mantra (Vajrasattva mantra); or use other methods determined by their guru.
Shingon Buddhism.
In the esoteric lineage of Japanese Shingon Buddhism, the samaya precedes the Abhiseka initiation ceremony proper. The initiate undertakes four precepts:
The first recorded taking of the samaya precepts at Tōdai-ji temple began in 822 when Kukai performed the Abhiseka ritual before the abdicated emperor, Heizei, and helped to establish Shingon Buddhism as a legitimate school in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="7046856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046856" title="Chicago Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law">
Chicago Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law

The Chicago Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights is a consortium of American law firms in Chicago that provides legal services in civil rights cases
The Committee focuses on seven major projects: the Education Equity Project, the Community Law Project, the Housing Opportunity Project, the Hate Crimes Project, Voting Rights Project, Police Accountability Project and Settlement Assistance Program.
The committee has recently worked to promote and protect civil rights in the Chicago metropolitan area through education, healthcare delivery, the environment, and voting rights.
History.
The committee was established in 1969 to provide pro bono legal services in significant civil rights cases. The first board of the Chicago Lawyers' Committee believed that "the poor and the black can become full and equal participants in our economic and political systems only when they achieve the power to deal on equal terms with public and private institutions. An essential element of that power is access to expert legal resources." From 1969 to 1970, federal judge David S. Tatel was a director of the committee.
Since 1976, the committee has operated as a separate, self-supporting, tax-exempt organization, although it continues to coordinate its activities with the National Lawyers' Committee and other local Lawyers' Committees throughout the country.
From nineteen firms in 1969, it has grown to 49 firms today. The majority of services are performed in Cook County, but the committee's influence in some projects is felt throughout the Midwest. Each year, over 18,000 hours of professional legal services, with an estimated value of approximately $8.5 million, is donated from its pool of over 1,000 volunteer lawyers.
Significant cases.
Craigslist controversy.
In 2006, the Committee filed suit against craigslist, Inc., the owner of craigslist.org. They alleged that craigslist, Inc. was in violation of the federal Fair Housing Act because it allowed people to post discriminatory ads. The case was decided in favor of craigslist, and in 2008, in Chicago Lawyers' Committee For Civil Rights Under Law v. Craigslist, the Seventh Circuit upheld the finding that craigslist was not liable for the content of the ads.
Lewis firefighter case.
The Committee filed a lawsuit against the City of Chicago in 1998 that argued that the Chicago Fire Department's use of a very high cut score on the 1995 firefighter entrance exam discriminated against African Americans. They filed the case on behalf of African Americans who scored between 65 and 89 on the test. There were nearly 7,000 African Americans in the plaintiff class.
In 2005, Judge Gottschall ruled in favor of the plaintiffs, and found that the city's use of the 89 cutoff score on the test was discriminatory, on several counts. The plaintiffs alleged that the very high cutoff score of 89, as compared to the 65 cutoff score that had previously been stated, had a disparate impact to discriminate against African Americans, since 78% of candidates above the cutoff were white. In the ruling, Judge Gottschall held that the city had not shown that the test effectively measured the skills it was supposed to measure, like the ability to learn from demonstration. Consequently, performance on the 1995 test did not predict performance in the Fire Academy or on the job.
This case has continued to be appealed, eventually reaching the Supreme Court, who ruled in favor of the plaintiffs in May 2010. The case was then sent to the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals, where the City argued that plaintiffs failed to prove race discrimination when each hiring class is reviewed separately. During May 2011, the city's argument was rejected, representing a final victory for the plaintiffs on the merits of the case.
Parker and Pierce v. New Jerusalem Christian Development Corp..
Ms. Parker and Ms. Pierce were participants in the Chicago Housing Authority's "Choose to Own" program, which allows qualified families to use their Housing Choice Vouchers (Section 8) for mortgage payments on homes instead of rent. Housing developer New Jerusalem agreed to sell new homes to both women, but subsequently refused to finalize the sales when it learned that part of their mortgage payments would come from the City of Chicago subsidies. Specifically, New Jerusalem refused to sign the necessary CHA documents, knowing that without it, the sales could not be completed.
In February 2011, the Chicago Commission on Human Relations found that New Jerusalem violated the Chicago Fair Housing Ordinance by discriminating against Ms. Parker and Ms. Pierce based on their source of income. According to the Chicago's Fair Housing Ordinance, denial of housing based on source of income is illegal discrimination.
McFadden v. Board of Education for Illinois School Districts.
In "McFadden v. Board of Education for Illinois School District"- a case involving educational inequities in the school district that includes Elgin, Illinois- federal District Court Judge Robert Gettleman issued a decision on July 11, 2013, holding that the school district has discriminated against Hispanic students in the operation of the district's gifted program. Over 40% of the students in the school district are Hispanic, but in recent years only 2% of the students in the district's elementary school gifted program have been Hispanic. This is in large part because the school district operates a separate program for gifted Hispanic students who learned English as a second language. Those students know English and are ready to participate in English-language classrooms and have been tested and found to be gifted, but are excluded from the mainstream gifted program.
As Judge Gettleman described it, this is "a separate, segregated program" that discriminates against Hispanic students, in violation of the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution and the Illinois Civil Rights Act. Judge Gettleman wrote that "there is no question that the District placed gifted Hispanic students in SET/SWAS based solely on their cultural identity." The Judge held that the school district, while not motivated by an evil or racist motive, engaged in intentional discrimination: "The `inevitability or foreseeability of consequences' permits `a strong inference that the adverse effects were desired.'"
Projects.
Employment Opportunity Project.
The Employment Opportunity Project challenges all forms of racial, national origin, and sexual discrimination in both public and private workplaces. Since 1973, EOP has pursued equality in the workplace through a variety of avenues:
The Fair Housing Project.
The committee's Fair Housing Project is to help eliminate housing discrimination based on race, national origin, familial status, physical and mental disability, sexual orientation, source of income, religion, gender, and other bases.
Staff and volunteers with the Fair Housing Project:
The committee is part of an area-wide network called CAFHA (Chicago Area Fair Housing Alliance), which works to combat housing discrimination and promote integrated communities of opportunity through research, education, and advocacy.
Hate Crimes Project.
The committee's Hate Crimes Project is the resource center on hate crime prevention and response in the Midwestern United States. The Project advocates for strong criminal prosecutions of perpetrators of bias violence, litigates civil cases for hate crime victims, mobilizes community support for them, educates community residents and professionals about applicable laws, and advocates for improved enforcement of the Illinois Hate Crime Act. A citywide advisory board, consisting of attorneys who have represented victims and community activists representing diverse neighborhoods and constituents, provides guidance and assistance.
The project combats hate crimes in several ways:
The Law Project.
Staff and volunteer attorneys provide free legal assistance to support community development efforts led by entrepreneurs and nonprofit organizations in Chicago's most underserved communities. The project's programs include:
Settlement Assistance Project.
The Settlement Assistance Project provides pro bono representation to low-income individuals with meritorious discrimination claims in federal court settlement conferences and US Equal Employment Commission mediations.
Voting Rights Project.
The Chicago Lawyers' Committee Voting Rights Project aims to prevent, reduce, and eliminate barriers to voting for minority and low-income residents and to increase overall political participation. The project works to protect fair elections that allow every eligible voter the opportunity to vote and to have their vote counted.
This project will address the following issues:
Educational Equity Project.
The Educational Equity Project (EEP) promotes civil rights in education and strong educational outcomes for minority children. The Committee believes that this is attainable by:
Incarceration Prevention Project.
The Project staff and volunteer attorneys seek to combat restrictions in employment for previously incarcerated individuals through advocacy and education both to reduce the rates of incarceration and to reduce the stigma of incarceration.
Environmental Justice Project.
This project works to combat air pollution and placement of toxic waste dumps in low-income and minority neighborhoods.

</doc>
<doc id="7046864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046864" title="Amaury de Chartres">
Amaury de Chartres



</doc>
<doc id="7046865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046865" title="Eldership (Estonia)">
Eldership (Estonia)



</doc>
<doc id="7046871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046871" title="Lithify">
Lithify



</doc>
<doc id="7046877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046877" title="Aiornis">
Aiornis



</doc>
<doc id="7046886" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046886" title="13 Frightened Souls">
13 Frightened Souls



</doc>
<doc id="7046894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046894" title="Amalric of Chartres">
Amalric of Chartres



</doc>
<doc id="7046901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046901" title="Production report">
Production report

A production report ("PR") is a filmmaking term for the form filled out each day of production of a movie or television show to summarize what occurred that day. There is no standard template for a production report, and each show usually has an original template, often created before production begins by one of the assistant directors ("AD"). Besides superficial differences, most forms record the same information and are simply a series of blank tables created in Excel printed double sided on a legal sized (8 x 14 inch) sheet of paper. The purpose of this form is to keep track of a production's progress and expenses and to help determine what salary is owed to the cast and crew. It is finally sent to studio executives and is permanently filed to serve as a legal record.
The front.
The top lists the production title, production company, director, producers, unit production managers, assistant directors, the total number of scheduled production days, and the current production day, day of the week, and date. Below this the PR combines information from several different forms on one page for easy reading:
The back.
The back lists the names of the entire crew and production office staff separated by department, with each person's in/out times, meal times, and meal penalties. The back also records the number of meals consumed (and thus paid for by the company), any special equipment rented, and has a notes section to mark down any random important information such as details of a theft, fire or accident.
Filling out the report.
The report is usually completed by an AD, a Paperwork PA, or a DGA Trainee. Manpower, crew information, and equipment information is collected from the Key PA, the Best Boy Grip, Best Boy Electric, 2nd Camera Assistant, Assistant Props, Set Scenic, Key Hair, and Key Make-Up during the day. This information can be difficult to gather as it involves finding a moment when these busy crew members are free to talk. The Paperwork PA needs to be perceptive and only interrupt them at a good moment. The number of meals served is counted by the PA during lunch, usually requiring they wait by the buffet line and eat last in order to count how many plates are taken by everyone. The Assistant Directors and Producers will tell the Paperwork PA what notes to add.
At the end of the day the Paperwork PA receives the other forms and adds their information to the front. The Paperwork PA will usually drop the PR off at the production office after wrap to be filed, first making a few copies to give to the unit production manager (UPM) and Assistant Directors the next day so they can double-check the information and have corrections called into the office if they disagree with any details.

</doc>
<doc id="7046904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046904" title="Mr and Mrs McCormick">
Mr and Mrs McCormick



</doc>
<doc id="7046907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046907" title="Chuck Allie">
Chuck Allie



</doc>
<doc id="7046915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046915" title="Aiolornis incredibilis">
Aiolornis incredibilis



</doc>
<doc id="7046947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046947" title="Maurice Cass">
Maurice Cass

Maurice Cass (October 12, 1884 – June 8, 1954) was a character actor on stage and in films and television shows.
Early life.
Born in Vilna, Russian Empire (modern day Vilnius, Lithuania) he moved to America at six years of age. When he was 17, he toured the southern United States with a repertory company.
Career.
His slight build, frizzy hair and pince-nez glasses cast him as the "absent minded professor" or eccentric scientist type in many of his films, such as the character who discovers the element kryptonite in "Adventures of Superman".
He is best remembered for his role as Professor Newton in the 1954 TV science fiction show "Rocky Jones, Space Ranger," which later was produced as a film "Manhunt in Space."
Cass's Broadway credits included "The Sky's the Limit" (1934), "Broadway Boy" (1932), "Wild Waves" (1932), "Wonder Boy" (1931), "Overture" (1930), "The Violet and One, Two, Three" (1930), "The Novice and the Duke" (1929), "The Broken Chain" (1929), and "Faust" (1928).
Personal life.
He married Fay Elaine Geffen in 1910.
Death.
He died of a heart attack at age 69, he is interred in Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale) in Glendale, California.

</doc>
<doc id="7046953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046953" title="Simon Child">
Simon Child

Simon James Law Child (born 16 April 1988) is a New Zealand field hockey player, who earned his first cap for the national team, "The Black Sticks", in 2005 against Malaysia.
Personal life.
Simon Child was born and raised in Auckland, New Zealand. He has a younger brother, Marcus, who also plays representative hockey for New Zealand.
Career.
Club Hockey.
At club level, Child plays hockey for his home city of Auckland in the New Zealand National Hockey League.
In 2015, he relocated to India to represent the Delhi Waveriders in the Hockey India League.
National team.
Following his debut in 2005, Child was a regular inclusion for the Black Sticks for over ten years.
His first major international tournament was the 2006 World Cup in Mönchengladbach, Germany. He followed this up with appearances at the 2008, 2012 and 2016 Summer Olympics. From 2014 to 2016, Child was captain of the national team.
He also played in three editions of the Commonwealth Games, in 2006, 2010 and 2014. In the bronze medal playoff against England at the 2014 tournament, Child scored twice but was one of the New Zealand players who missed in the penalty shoot-out after the game finished as a 3–3 draw. He played club hockey in the Netherlands for HC Rotterdam.
Following the 2016 Olympics, Child suffered a number of injuries forcing him out of competition for almost three years. In August 2019, he was named to make his return during the Ready Steady Tokyo Olympic Test event in Tokyo, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="7046957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046957" title="Vazhappally">
Vazhappally

Vazhappally is a suburb of Changanasserry Municipality, Kottayam District, in central Kerala. The famous Vazhappally Shiva Temple is situated in Vazhappally. Vazhappally is a part of Changanacherry Taluk in Kottayam District. It is located in the city of Changanacherry and Vazhappally Panchayath. The ancient Vazhappally gramam (village) was shifted to the Changanassery Municipality, so small portions of the village were reunited in the Municipal Town of Changanassery, while the rest were reconstructed in the Vazhappally Gram Panchayat.
The origin of the name.
Vazhappally is "Vazhkai Pally" () means let the temple win. There are various theories as to the origin of the word 'Pally'. Pally is a word in the Pali language.
History.
The temple was very popular in the second Chera dynasty. After the fall of the Cheras, the place came under several rulers, the Thekkumkur and Travancore kings were prominent, witnessed many brutal wars, treachery, murder and annihilation. However, in all these cases, the temple was saved from destruction. The Vazhappally Maha Siva Temple is located in the heart of the ancient Vazhappally village. In the Chera dynasty, Changanacherry was part of Vazhappally Gramam. The old highway passes (Thiruvananthapuram - Tripunithura Road) through the eastern boundary of Vazhappally. During the rule of the Chera kings, the rulers of the state were in the Vazhappally Mahadeva temple. 
Many of the commands issued are examples of this (eg:- Vazhappally copper plates. Ancient Vazhappally was also an area where caste system, feudalism and untouchability were strong.
Vazhappally Inscription.
Vazhappally copper plate, dated to around 830 AD, is the earliest available inscription in Malayalam language. It is a temple committee resolution in the presence of the Chera king of Kodungallur Rama "Rajasekhara" (9th century AD). The copper plate (incomplete) is engraved in an old form of Malayalam in Vattezhuthu and Grantha scripts. Rajasekhara is usually identified by scholars with Cheraman Perumal Nayanar, the venerated Shaiva (Nayanar) poet-musician. The inscription of Vazhappally who contributed immensely to the historical writing tradition of Kerala was written by AD 830. According to historians, Raja Rajasekhara Deva ruled from 820 to 844 AD.

</doc>
<doc id="7046958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046958" title="Dzur (Brust novel)">
Dzur (Brust novel)



</doc>
<doc id="7046961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046961" title="Electrically short">
Electrically short



</doc>
<doc id="7046965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046965" title="Norman H. Baynes">
Norman H. Baynes

Norman Hepburn Baynes (29 May 1877 – 12 February 1961) was a 20th-century British historian of the Byzantine Empire.
Early life.
He was the son of Alfred Henry Baynes of the Baptist Missionary Society and his wife Emma Katherine Bigwood. He was educated at Eastbourne College, and New College, Oxford, where he won the Lothian Essay Prize in 1901.
Career.
Baynes was Professor of Byzantine History at University College London (UCL) from 1931 until 1942. He was given the title of Emeritus Professor in 1943 and Doctor of Literature "honoris causa" in 1951. His work included two fully annotated volumes of Hitler's pre-war speeches.
Death and after.
In his will, Baynes made a bequest to UCL which established 'The Norman Hepburn Baynes Prize' in 1961. The biennial prize is awarded in respect of "an essay on some aspect of history, including art, religion and thought of the Mediterranean lands within the period from 400BC to 1453AD".

</doc>
<doc id="7046968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046968" title="Rose Meth">
Rose Meth

Rose Grunapfel Meth (October 11, 1919 – October 11, 2013) born as Ruzia Grunapfel, also known as Reisel Grunapfel Meth, was one of several Jewish participants in the October 7, 1944 "Sonderkommando uprising" of inmates in the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp.
Life.
Auschwitz Uprising.
Ruzia Grunapfel was born in Zator, Poland. She was sent to Auschwitz in the 1940s where she was forced to work in the Weichsel-Union-Metalwerke or Union Munitions Plant. Ruzia, along with a number of prisoners including Estusia (Ester) Wajcblum, Hanka (Anna) Wajcblum, Regina Safirsztajn, Ala Gertner, Hadassa Zlotnicka, Marta Bindiger, Genia Fischer, and Inge Frank, worked together to sneak the powder out in kerchiefs stuffed into a pocket or their bosom. If searched, they would dump the powder onto the ground and rub it into the earth with their feet. The woman gave the gunpowder to Roza Robota, a prisoner who worked clothing-detail in Birkenau. Robota then gave the gunpowder to the Sonderkommando, a group of death camp prisoners who were forced to dispose of gas chamber victims in the crematoriums.
On October 7, 1944, the Sonderkommandos used the gunpowder to blow up crematorium IV in Birkenau. Ala, Roza, Ester, and Regina were detained and tortured for their role in the plot. The women were publicly hanged in Birkenau on January 5, 1945. Ruzia survived and was forced to watch the executions.
Hanka (Anna) Wajcblum also survived. The fate of the other female prisoners mentioned is unknown. Thirteen days after they died, Auschwitz was closed down by the SS, as they fled from the advance of Russian liberators. Ruzia was on the Death March from Auschwitz to Ravensbruk and was ultimately liberated in Neustadt-Gleve sub-camp of Ravensbruk.
While in the camp, she traded bread for paper so that she could write notes while in Auschwitz, in order to bear witness later, heeding her father's admonition to remember what happened. Some of the surviving notes are in the archives at Yad Vashem.
Post World War II.
Grunapfel emigrated to the US in 1946 aboard the first civilian ship from Europe since the end of World War II. Subsequently, she settled in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, New York, married Irving Meth, and raised three sons. She spent the last ten years of her life in Kew Gardens Hills, New York.
She died in October 2013. In 2016 her children and grandchildren dedicated a song in her memory, "Rose Meth, The Unsung Heroine".

</doc>
<doc id="7046970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046970" title="Waterloo Bridge (disambiguation)">
Waterloo Bridge (disambiguation)

Waterloo Bridge is a road and foot traffic bridge crossing the River Thames in London.
Waterloo Bridge may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7046973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046973" title="Antrim, Nova Scotia">
Antrim, Nova Scotia

Antrim is a rural community in the Northwestern part of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Musquodoboit Valley on the "Antrim Road" off Route 212. 
According to the majority of residents, Antrim borders Carroll's Corner where the pavement on Antrim Road meets the gravel section. It was first settled by the Kerrs, McMichael and McMullin families who came from Antrim in Northern Ireland. The community's early name was New Antrim.
Antrim is home to the 69 hectare Antrim Demonstration Woodlot, a woodlot under the management of Nova Forest Alliance. It was developed in 1998 as part of Canada's Model Forest Program.
Antrim Farms Ltd. is a large dairy farming operation run by the Schuurmans family.
Antrim was hit by a tornado on July 22, 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="7046978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046978" title="Openprojects.net">
Openprojects.net



</doc>
<doc id="7046988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046988" title="Stand (Michael W. Smith album)">
Stand (Michael W. Smith album)

Stand is Michael W. Smith's twentieth album, a follow-up to his 2004 album "Healing Rain".
Personnel.
Musicians.
Choir

</doc>
<doc id="7046994" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046994" title="Irish Medical Times">
Irish Medical Times

The Irish Medical Times is an weekly newspaper for Irish physicians. It was founded in 1967 by John O'Connell, who went on to become the Minister for Health.
The paper contains news, features, clinical articles, interviews and opinion pieces and is regularly cited as a news source in the Irish national media.
Previous editors include Maureen Browne, Aindreas McEntee, Colin Kerr, Terence Cosgrave and Dara Gantly. As of 2021, the editor of Irish Medical Times was Terence Cosgrave – who was re-appointed having previously served as editor from 2007 to 2010.
The paper runs the Irish Healthcare Awards each year in October, the awards ceremony for which takes place in the Shelbourne Hotel in Dublin.
The "Irish Medical Times" won the Periodical Publishers' Association of Ireland's 'website of the year' award in December 2008.
Reed Business Information sold "Irish Medical Times" to Metropolis International in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="7047001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047001" title="Rose Tapley">
Rose Tapley

Rose Elizabeth Tapley (June 30, 1881 – February 23, 1956) was an American actress of the stage and an early heroine of silent films.
Early life.
Tapley was born in Salem, Massachusetts. She was the cousin of Captain Robert Bartlett, commander of the S.S. "Roosevelt" and the S.S. "Karluk". All of her relatives on her father's side for generations were sailors. Her grandfather's generation included nine sailing masters or captains. Tapley's mother's name was Elizabeth Stagg Riker. She was the granddaughter of Abram Polhemus, one of the founders of the old Dutch Reformed Church in New York City. He was a merchant marine prince as a young man. Tapley was educated in the public schools of Malden, Massachusetts and at Boston University.
Career.
Tapley performed on stage from 1900 to 1909. Her first theatrical engagement was with the Myron B. Rice Company, as "Bernice", in "My Friend From India". During the season of 1900 she played every other woman's part in this play. She starred with popular actors of the era such as Richard Mansfield, Chauncey Olcott, E.H. Sothern, and J.H. Stoddard. With Mansfield, Rose acted in "Beau Brummel", "Monsieur Beaucaire", "A Parisian Romance", and "First Violin". One of her most noted roles was in "The Sign of the Cross".
Her first motion picture appearance was in 1905. Tapley was featured in the Thomas Alva Edison film, "Wanted a Wife". Soon after she performed in the first standard two reeler, "The Money Kings". She signed a contract with the old Vitagraph Company in May 1909, making her the first "leading lady" of movies. She was also the first star of the stage to begin a film career. She acted with Vitagraph, Famous Players–Lasky, and for Fox Film until her retirement in 1931. Her credits number 175 films. Some of the titles are "The Way of the Cross" (1909), "A Midsummer Night's Dream" (1909), "The Cave Man" (1912), "Every Inch A Man" (1912), "Seeing Double" (1913), "One Can't Always Tell" (1913), "Mr. Jarr and the Society Circus" (1915), "Her Majesty" (1922), "God's Great Wilderness" (1927), "His First Command" (1929), and "Resurrection" (1931).
Tapley was frequently called the "Mother of Movies". She served as official hostess at a number of motion picture expositions at different locales throughout the country. In 1916–1917 Rose toured America as a representative of the film industry. She made appearances in front of state legislatures, businesses, and women's clubs. All of this to promote interest in the quality of movies.
On Broadway, Tapley appeared in "Robert Burns" (1905), "Zombie" (1932), and "Satellite" (1935).
Personal life and death.
Tapley was married on March 20, 1906, to New York City attorney Frank E. Holahan who died in October 1955.
She died at age 74 at the Motion Picture &amp; Television Country Home and Hospital in Woodland Hills, California, in 1956. She was survived by a daughter, Rosemary Holahan, and three sisters. Her funeral was conducted at Our Lady of the Valley Catholic Church, Canoga Park, California. She was buried at San Fernando Mission Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="7047009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047009" title="Sobornost">
Sobornost

Sobornost ( "spiritual community of many jointly-living people") is a Russian term whose usage is primarily attributed to the 19th-century Slavophile Russian writers Ivan Kireyevsky (1806–1856) and Aleksey Khomyakov (1804–1860). The term expresses the need for co-operation between people at the expense of individualism, on the basis that opposing groups focus on what is common between them. Khomyakov believed that the Western world was progressively losing its unity because it was embracing Aristotle and his defining individualism. Kireyevsky believed that G. W. F. Hegel and Aristotle represented the same ideal of unity.
Khomyakov and Kireyevsky originally used the term "sobor" () to designate co-operation within the Russian "obshchina", united by a set of common convictions and Eastern Orthodox values, as opposed to the cult of individualism in the West. The term "sobor" in Russian has multiple co-related meanings: a "sobor" is the diocesan bishop's "cathedral church"; a "sobor" is also a churchly "gathering", "assemblage", or "council", reflecting the concept of the Christian Church as an "ecclesia" (); secular civil Russian historical usage has the "" (a national assembly) and various local (), landed or urban "sobors". as an abstract noun formed on the basis of "sobor" thus literally means something like "gathering-ness" or "assembly-ness".
Khomyakov's concept of the "catholicity" of the Christian Church as "universality", in contrast to that of Rome, reflects the perspective from the root-meaning of the word "liturgy" (), meaning "work of the gathered people".
Philosophy.
As a philosophical term, it was used by Nikolai Lossky and other 20th-century Russian thinkers to refer to a middle way of co-operation between several opposing ideas. It was based on Hegel's "dialectic triad" (thesis, antithesis, synthesis), but in Russian philosophy, it would be considered an oversimplification of Hegel. It influenced both Khomyakov and Kireyevsky, who expressed the idea as organic or spontaneous order.
The synthesis is the point in which "sobornost" is reached causing change. Hegel's formula is the basis for historicism. Lossky, for example, uses the term to explain what motive would be behind people working together for a common, historical or social goal rather than pursuing the goal individualistically. Lossky used it almost as a mechanical term to define when the dichotomy or duality of a conflict is transcended or how it is transcended and likened it to the final by product after Plato's Metaxy.
Slavophile ideas of sobornost made a profound impact on several Russian thinkers at the verge of the 19th and the 20th century, but in the strict sense of the word, they cannot be placed among direct successors of the Slavophile line. Vladimir Solovyov (1853–1900) developed the idea of "vseedinstvo", unity-of-all, a concept similar to that of sobornost and closely connected with his doctrine of Godmanhood. Solovyov characterized the essence of the approach in this way: "Recognizing the final goal of history as the full realization of the Christian ideal in life by all humanity... we understand the all-sided development of culture as a general and necessary means for reaching that goal, for this culture in its gradual progress destroys all those hostile partitions and exclusive isolations between various parts of humanity and the world and tries to unify all natural and social groups in a family that is infinitely diverse in make-up but characterized by moral solidarity".
The term appeared again in the works of Solovyov's follower Sergei Nikolaevich Trubetskoy (1862–1905). In Trubetskoy's interpretation, sobornost means a combination of the religious, moral and social element, as an alternative to individualism and socialist collectivism. In Trubetskoy's works, the idea of sobornost quite clearly becomes part of the solidarity and altruism discourse. In one of his major works, "On the Nature of Human Consciousness", Trubetskoy wrote, "Good will, which is the basis of morality, is called love. Any morals, based on principles other than love, are not true morals…. Natural love is inherent to all living beings. Descending from its supreme manifestations in the family love of man, from animal herd instincts to elementary propagation processes, everywhere we find that basic, organic altruism, owing to which creatures inwardly presuppose each other, are drawn towards other creatures and establish not only themselves, but other creatures as well, and live for others".
Religion.
Kireyevsky asserted that "the sum total of all Christians of all ages, past and present, comprise one indivisible, eternal living assembly of the faithful, held together just as much by the unity of consciousness as through the communion of prayer". The term, in general, means the unity, togetherness that is the church, based on individual like-minded interest.
Starting with Solovyov, sobornost was regarded as the basis for the ecumenical movement within the Russian Orthodox Church. Sergei Bulgakov, Nikolai Berdyaev and Pavel Florensky were notable proponents for the spirit of sobornost between different Christian factions. The Pochvennichestvo perspective of sobornost held that it means determining the content of the truth and conforming one's beliefs to it as opposed to holding that truth is subjective to individuals and/or that there are no facts but rather only perspectives or points of view.
Quotes.
Lossky explained that sobornost involved:
Semyon Frank (1877–1950) distinguished three forms of sobornost:
Concept.
Sobornost is in contrast to the idea of fraternity, which is a submission to a brotherhood as a benefit to the individual. Sobornost is an asceticism akin to kenosis in that the individual gives up self-benefit for the community or "ecclesia" and is driven by theophilos rather than adelfikos. As is expressed by Kireyevsky's definition of sobornost: "The wholeness of society, combined with the personal independence and the individual diversity of the citizens, is possible only on the condition of a free subordination of separate persons to absolute values and in their free creativeness founded on love of the whole, love of the Church, love of their nation and state, and so on.
In popular culture.
In Hannu Rajaniemi's "Jean le Flambeur" series, the Sobornost is a collective of uploaded minds.

</doc>
<doc id="7047016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047016" title="Mana-Yood-Sushai">
Mana-Yood-Sushai



</doc>
<doc id="7047021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047021" title="Pujon County">
Pujon County

Pujŏn (Pujŏn-kun) is a county in northern South Hamgyŏng province, North Korea.
In historical contexts, Pujŏn is sometimes known as "Fusen", according to its Japanese pronunciation.
The built a secret camp on Mount Okryon in Pujŏn in the 1930s. This area was home to revolutionary activities of Kim Jong-suk during the anti-Japanese struggle. Commemorating her activities the Pujŏn Revolutionary Battle Site has been designated.
Administrative divisions.
Pujŏn county is divided into 1 "ŭp" (town), 2 "rodongjagu" (workers' districts) and 14 "ri" (villages):
Transportation.
Pujŏn county is served by the Sinhŭng line of the Korean State Railway.
Sport.
It has one of the three speed skating ovals in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="7047024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047024" title="Robert A. Silverman">
Robert A. Silverman

Robert A. Silverman (born February 24, 1938) is a Canadian actor known for his collaborations with director David Cronenberg.
Silverman received a Genie Award nominee for Best Supporting Actor at the 1st Genie Awards in 1980 for "The Brood", and was nominated in 2003 for a Gemini Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Guest Role in a Dramatic Series in "The Eleventh Hour".
Silverman has been cast by Cronenberg in the following films:

</doc>
<doc id="7047041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047041" title="Free software philosophy">
Free software philosophy



</doc>
<doc id="7047043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047043" title="HUBZone">
HUBZone

HUBZone is a United States Small Business Administration (SBA) program for small companies that operate and employ people in Historically Under-utilized Business Zones (HUBZones). The HUBZone program was created in response to the HUBZone Empowerment Act created by the US Congress in 1998. Based on the Act, small businesses will be designated as HUBZone certified if they have the following criteria:
On average, about 3,000 entities register for HUBZone certification each year. 
Definition.
HUBZones are 'historically under-utilized business zone', located within one or more:
To determine if a location (residence or business) is in a HUBZone, the SBA web site has a feature the make this determination found at 
The primary goal of the program is to create incentives for the U.S. federal government to do contracting with businesses that operate and create jobs in communities with statistically proven economic needs.
Government contracting requirements.
The agencies of the U.S. Federal Government are required by the HUBZone Empowerment Act to contract with HUBZone certified small businesses for more than 3% of their budget in the form of prime contracts to HUBZone firms.
The government has made some progress towards these goals, but by and large remains below them. Because the program represents only 3% of the contracts awarded by federal agencies, the program has received an equivalent level of attention. In 2018, HUBZone companies started to become more proactive in trying to get opportunities 'set-aside' for HUBZone-certified companies. Through organizations such as the HUBZone Chamber of Commerce, companies are starting to collaborate to increase their responses to Sources Sought as posted through FedBizOpps.gov
HUBZone creators.
Numerous legislators created and continue to support the HUBZone program. However, it is widely held that U.S. Senator Kit Bond (R-MO) was the true creator of the program and continues to be the champion. His motivation came from numerous meetings with business owners at events that discussed training. In those events, the feedback was grateful for the training for businesses in lower economic areas, but the training was slated as inadequate unless work was also going to be allocated to those communities. Based on the need for jobs, Senator Bond began the concept of HUBZones. 

</doc>
<doc id="7047050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047050" title="Włodzisław">
Włodzisław



</doc>
<doc id="7047057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047057" title="List of English words of Icelandic origin">
List of English words of Icelandic origin



</doc>
<doc id="7047067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047067" title="Shouting Hill">
Shouting Hill

Shouting Hill is a hill in the Golan Heights. The hill is located near the Druze village of Majdal Shams, in the area of the Golan that is occupied by Israel. During the Six-Day War, Israel captured most of the Golan Heights. Shouting Hill is located close to the Purple Line, a ceasefire line that separates Syrian and Israeli controlled territory.
Following the war, the Druze community in the Golan Heights was separated by the ceasefire line. Very few visits are allowed between families on either side of the ceasefire line, as Israel and Syria are still in an official state of war and no telecommunications or mail are allowed across the border. This is what led some families to come to this hill to see and communicate with their relatives on the other side. Because of the distance, the families had to shout their messages through megaphones.
With the advent of mobile phones, this practice has declined, except on special occasions like weddings when families particularly feel the need to physically see each other.
The hill is located at the foot of Mount Hermon and is separated from the village of Majdal Shams by a valley. On the Israeli-occupied side, there is a security zone that stretches over the valley next to the village. On the Syrian controlled side, there is a UN observation post which at 1100 meters altitude. The shouting point is 3 km away from the nearest homes of Majdal Shams and 2.5 km away from the border line.

</doc>
<doc id="7047097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047097" title="Tom Price (disambiguation)">
Tom Price (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="7047106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047106" title="The Mother of Pearl Inlay">
The Mother of Pearl Inlay



</doc>
<doc id="7047108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047108" title="Takashi Onozuka">
Takashi Onozuka

 is a Japanese voice actor affiliated with Mausu Promotion.

</doc>
<doc id="7047123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047123" title="Floyd Baker">
Floyd Baker

Floyd Wilson Baker (October 10, 1916 – November 16, 2004) was an American professional baseball third baseman, who played Major League Baseball (MLB) for the St. Louis Browns (1943–1944), Chicago White Sox (1945–1951), Washington Senators (1952–1953), Boston Red Sox (1953–1954), and Philadelphia Phillies (1954–1955). During a 13-season career, Baker posted a .251 batting average, with one home run, and 196 RBI, in 874 games played.
Early years.
Baker was born in Luray, Virginia, and attended Luray High School. He gained early recognition as a left-handed batter and right-handed thrower in amateur clubs and broke into the minor leagues in 1938.
Major league career.
In , Baker earned his first trial in the major leagues with the St. Louis Browns, after hitting .326 for there San Antonio Missions of the Texas League in 1942. In , his sophomore MLB season, he was a reserve infielder for the 1944 Browns, the only St. Louis-based edition of that franchise to ever win an American League pennant. Baker then appeared in games 5 and 6 of the 1944 World Series against its intercity rivals, the Cardinals, going hitless in two at bats and handling two chances without an error in relief of veteran second baseman Don Gutteridge.
On December 30, 1944, Baker was acquired by the Chicago White Sox, where he played in 590 games over seven seasons. His best overall statistical season came in when he compiled 40 runs batted in, 101 hits, 15 doubles, four triples, and played 125 games — all career-highs. He hit his lone big-league home run on May 4, a two-run blow struck off Washington's Sid Hudson on May 4 at Comiskey Park. That year Baker also tied the major league mark for a third baseman, taking part in three double plays in one game, and led American League third-sackers in fielding percentage, with .978. Then, in , he batted .317 in 83 games.
Baker became a Washington scout in 1957. In , the old Senators franchise's first season in Minneapolis–Saint Paul, he returned to uniform as the third base coach for the renamed Minnesota Twins, a position he held through . Baker then resumed his former role as a scout for the Twins until his retirement in 1995.
Later years.
During his career as a scout, Baker was based in Youngstown, Ohio, where his feats as a player for the Youngstown Browns were part of local baseball lore. In 1977, "The Youngstown Vindicator" reported: "Floyd Baker, who thrilled local Middle-Atlantic League fans with his classy fielding, still has his hand in the game. A local resident, Baker scouts for Minnesota. Baker, incidentally, started a triple play in the first game he played here".
Floyd Baker died in Youngstown at the age of 88. He was buried in Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="7047143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047143" title="Sir Alexander Grant, 10th Baronet">
Sir Alexander Grant, 10th Baronet

Sir Alexander Grant, 10th Baronet, FRSE (23 September 1826 – 30 November 1884) was a British landowner and historian who served as Principal of the University of Edinburgh from 1868 to 1884. He had strong links to India, especially Bombay.
Biography.
Early life.
He was born in New York City, the son of Sir Robert Innes Grant, 9th Baronet of Dalvey, and his wife, Judith Towers Battelle. His early education took place in America and the family then returned to Britain.
He was educated at Harrow School from 1839 to 1845 then went to Balliol College, Oxford graduating BA in 1848 and MA in 1852. He made a special study of the Aristotelian philosophy, and in 1857 published an edition of "The Ethics of Aristotle: Illustrated with Essays and Notes" (4th ed. 1885) which became a standard text-book at Oxford. In 1855 he was one of the examiners for the Indian Civil Service, and in 1856 a public examiner in classics at Oxford.
His father became 9th Baronet of Dalvey in 1854 on the death of his brother, Sir Alexander Grant, 8th Baronet. When his father died in 1856 Alexander became the 10th baronet.
India.
In 1859 he went to Madras with Sir Charles Trevelyan, and was appointed inspector of schools; the next year he moved to Bombay, to fill the post of Professor of History and Political Economy in the Elphinstone College. Of this he became Principal in 1862; and, a year later, vice-chancellor of Bombay University, a post he held from 1863 to 1865 and again from 1865 to 1868. In 1865 he was appointed Director of Public Instruction for Bombay. In 1866 he served as Vice Chancellor of Bombay University. In 1868 he was appointed a Member of the Bombay Legislative Council.
Edinburgh and final years.
In 1868, upon the death of Sir David Brewster, he was appointed Principal of Edinburgh University. From that time till his death, much of his energies were devoted to the well-being of the University. The institution of the new medical school in the University (at Teviot Place) was almost solely due to his initiative; and the Tercentenary Festival, celebrated in 1884, was the result of his enthusiasm. In that year he published "The Story of the University of Edinburgh during its First Three Hundred Years".
In 1869 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh, his proposer being Sir Robert Christison. He twice served as Vice President of the Society: 1870 to 1874 and 1876 to 1881.
From 1872 (following the Scottish Education Act of that year) he was a Member of the Board of Education, overseeing a huge programme of school construction across Scotland. He sat on the board until 1878, by which time the construction period was drawing to an end.
From 1875 until his death in 1884 he served as the inaugural vice-president of the newly emerged conservationist body the Cockburn Association.
He died at his Edinburgh address of 21 Lansdowne Crescent in the west end of the city.
He is buried in Dean Cemetery in western Edinburgh.
Family.
In 1859 Grant was married to Susan Ferrier, daughter of James Frederick Ferrier. They had eight children. Their two first sons died in infancy. The six remaining children were:
Personal life.
A keen golfer, Grant was a regular at the Elie Golf Club and was caddied by a young Archie Simpson for many years, his favourite.
Recognition.
Grant is remembered at the University of Edinburgh to this day with a building named after him: Grant House in Pollock Halls of Residence.

</doc>
<doc id="7047156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047156" title="Devon, Nova Scotia">
Devon, Nova Scotia

Devon is a small Canadian rural community in Nova Scotia's Halifax Regional Municipality with an approximate area of 152.79 square kilometers
It is located 32 kilometers north of Dartmouth near the Halifax International Airport on the Old Guysborough Road (Route 212). Its name is derived from Devonshire in the United Kingdom by settler farmers from that community who worked on the Oakfield estate on Shubenacadie Grand Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="7047160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047160" title="Crofton Locks">
Crofton Locks

Crofton Locks are a flight of locks on the Kennet and Avon Canal, near the village of Great Bedwyn, Wiltshire, England. The canal was built and opened in stages between 1798 and 1810. Crofton Locks were part of the last stage to be started, from Pewsey and Great Bedwyn, and opened in 1810. Had John Rennie's original plans been followed, most of the flight would not have been built, as the canal would have been in tunnel at a lower level.
To cope with the higher level of the revised plans, Crofton Pumping Station was constructed in 1809, to pump water from springs to Crofton Top Lock and the short summit pound of the canal. The first beam engine was supplemented by a second in 1812, and the first was replaced in 1846. They are now the oldest beam engines still working in their original locations. Water supply to the pumping station was increased in 1836 by construcing Wilton Water, a reservoir which is fed by local springs.
Traffic through the locks vitually ceased by the 1920s, and the last known transit by a narrowboat was in 1951, just before the canal closed. Determined efforts by the Kennet and Avon Canal Trust, formed in 1961, aided by working parties from the Waterway Recovery Group resulted in restoration starting. Crofton Locks were reopened by the Vice Chairman of British Waterways in October 1988, 12 years later than first hoped, and the whole canal was formally reopened by Queen Elizabeth II in 1990. A major project to upgrade the pumping station, which normally uses electric pumps, was carried out between 2020 and 2023, but the beam engines are still steamed occasionally.
History.
The Kennet and Avon Canal was built in three stages. The first was the canalisation of the River Kennet from Reading to Newbury, which was built between 1718 and 1723. Next to be constructed was the canalisation of the River Avon between Bath and Bristol, which was built between 1725 and 1727. After a long break, a canal between Newbury and Bath was authorised by the Kennet and Avon Canal Act 1794 (34 Geo. 3. c. 90). John Rennie was the engineer for this phase.
After the enabling act had been obtained, the committee appointed to manage the work decided that they would build a broad canal, suitable for boats long by wide, rather than a narrow canal. The section from Newbury to Hungerford opened in 1798, and this was extended to Great Bedwyn in 1799. Despite severe financial difficulties, the section from Foxhanger near Devizes to Bath was eventually completed in 1804, and work of the section from Devizes to Pewsey was underway in 1803, but no work had been done on the final section between Pewsey and Great Bedwyn. The Devizes to Pewsey section was opened in 1807, although the 29 locks of the Caen Hill Flight at Devizes had not been completed.
Had Rennie's plans been followed, most of the Crofton Locks would not have been built. He had proposed a tunnel long from Crofton to Wootton Rivers which would have been around lower than the present summit level. This was at a level where there was a water supply, and would have made a summit level that was long, acting as a large reservoir which would have terminated at Devizes. The canal company asked William Jessop for a second opinion, and he suggested building the canal at a higher level, which would not need a tunnel at all, but would need a pumping station to provide a water supply. Jessop estimated that this would save £41,000 in construction costs, and would be competed two years earlier. The short Bruce Tunnel at Savernake, long, was built after Lord Ailesbury objected to a cutting deep through his land, which would have been visible from his Tottenham Park pleasure grounds. The summit level is just long, before four locks return it to the level of Rennie's proposed summit level at Wootton Rivers. The tunnel was named in honour of Thomas Bruce, 2nd Earl of Ailesbury, and still contains chains on the walls, which were used by the crews of boats to pull their boats through, as the towpath goes over the top of the tunnel.
The Pewsey to Great Bedwyn section, including the nine locks of the Crofton Flight, was the last to be started, and opened with the locks of the Caen Hill Flight in 1810. From Great Bedwyn, nine locks raise the level of the canal by approximately , as the level of the summit pound varies a little. The distance from Crofton Bottom Lock or Beech Grove Lock, number 63 to Crofton Top Lock, number 55, is . To the west of the top lock is the summit of the canal at 452 ft (137 m) above sea level.
Near Crofton there were a number of springs, and these were used as a source of water for Crofton Pumping Station, in order to supply the summit level, for which there was no natural water supply. The building was designed by Rennie and built between 1802 and 1809. It housed a Boulton and Watt beam engine, with a wooden beam, which was operational by 1809. A second Boulton and Watt engine, fitted with parallel motion and a condenser, was supplied in 1812. However, the locks required more water than the springs could supply, and this was resolved in 1836 by damming the nearby River Dun to create an reservoir known as Wilton Water, from which additional supplies could be drawn. The work was carried out by John Blackwell. The pumping station was extended in 1843, and the 1809 engine was replaced by a Sims combined cylinders engine, supplied in 1846 by Harvey &amp; Co of Hayle, Cornwall. The manufacturers modified it in 1908, replacing the compound Sims cylinders with a Cornish cycle cylinder. 
The canal and locks passed into the ownership of the Great Western Railway in 1851, but the canal was already in serious decline. Traffic and maintenance standards continued to decline, and there was little traffic on the central section, with most traffic either to the east of Newbury or to the west of Devizes. The locks were virtually unused from the 1920s, although a small number of barges used them until the 1930s. The last known transit of the locks was in 1951 by the narrowboat "Queen", with the canal closing later that year. The Kennet and Avon Canal Trust was formed in 1961, and after ownership of the canal became the responsibility of the British Waterways Board in 1962, there were some hopes that it could be restored. Working parties by what would become the Waterway Recovery Group were held on the canal from 1965. Four locks were reopened in July 1974, reopening the canal as far as Newbury, and there were hopes that the Crofton Locks would be back in operation by 1976, as part of the scheme to reach Devizes. The date was too optimistic, but the Crofton Locks were formally opened by the Vice Chairman of British Waterways on 6 October 1988, who used the opportunity to announce that there were only three locks and three bridges left to restore in Berkshire, and that the installation of new gates on locks of the Caen Hill Flight at Devizes would allow the canal reopening to be completed by 1990. Restoration was completed by July 1990, and Queen Elizabeth II declared the whole canal open in August.
Lockage water is taken from Wilton Water to the summit at the western end of the locks by electric pumps and, on occasion, by the restored beam engines. An open feeder channel runs along the side of the valley to the north of the railway to reach the top lock. A £1.8 million project to upgrade the pumping system was carried out between 2020 and 2023. The first phase of the project involved replacing the pipes between the canal and the pumping station, and those from the pumping station to the feeder channel. This was completed in March 2020. The previous set of electric pumps had been installed in the 1980s, and were increasingly unreliable. In order to allow their replacement, some of the canal between Burnt Mill Lock at Great Bedwyn and Heathy Close Lock at Wootton Rivers, including the whole of the Crofton flight, was closed between November 2022 and April 2023, with parts of the flight drained. The project included new pumps, new pipework and new elecrical systems. Work was also carried out at Wilton Water, to improve flow to the pumping station, and to restore its heritage control gates. The towpath near to the pumping station remained shut until July 2023 after the main works were completed.
Location.
Although Crofton is in the civil parish of Great Bedwyn, Crofton Locks are actually situated in the parish of Grafton, as the parish boundary at this point is the West of England Main Line railway to the north of the canal.
Route.
Just to the west of the top of the lock flight is Wolfhall Bridge, a brick-built accommodation bridge with a elliptical arch, solid parapets and stone coping stones above the parapets. It is built to Rennie's standard design, dating from the opening of the canal and is grade II listed. Nearby are the remains of embankments for the defunct Midland and South Western Junction Railway. Two bridges formerly crossed the canal, one to join the current West of England Main Line and the second which passed over the West of England Main Line to reach Savernake station. The canal widens significantly at this point, and water from the canal feeder from Cofton pumping station flows over a weir into the canal. The feeder passes under the railway and another small bridge to the north of the railway. The canal then enters Crofton Top Lock, numbered 55, which has an attached accommodation bridge at its downstream end. Wolfhall Fields Bridge is another standard Rennie design, although it was altered in the 20th century. The lock is of brick construction, with two sets of double gates. Those at the upper end have mechanical ground paddles, while those at the lower end have hydraulic paddles fitted to the gates.
Next comes the unnamed lock 56, Adopters Lock number 57 and Sam Farmer Lock number 58. Below the lock Freewarren Bridge carries a minor road over the canal when then squeezes between the railway and canal to reach the pumping station. Locks 59 and 60 are unnamed. One the north side of the railway is Crofton pumping station, a grade I listed structure dating from 1809. It was enlarged in 1843, and restored in 1971. From 1826, an extra pump supplied water to Tottenham House. The two beam engines can raise 1 ton of water per stroke, with the 1812 engine making 12 strokes per minute and the 1843 engine making nine. The pumped water flows for to reach the canal at Crofton Top Lock. There is a separate flue for the pumping station, built by the Great Western Railway in 1851 after they bought the canal. It is made of brick with iron bands around it, and is grade II* listed. A subway under the railway provides pedestrian access between the pumping station and lock 60.
To the south of lock 60 is Wilton Water, the reservoir that supplies the pumping station. A feeder tunnel passes under the canal downstream of the lock. The grade II listed sluices control the outflow of water at various levels. The three outlet sluices were restored some time before 1986, and supply water to the River Dun, but there is a feeder near lock 61 which supplies water to the pound below that lock. The sluices were restored again in 2022/23 as part of the upgrade to the pumping station. Lock 61 is attached to Crofton Crossing Bridge, and is constructed of brick with stone coping stones. Both are grade II listed. Lock 62 has a bypass weir and channel and is followed by New Bridge, which carries a footpath over the canal. The final lock of the flight is Beech Grove Lock number 63 with Beech Grove Bridge immediately below it. A bypass weir leaves the canal above the lock, and the bridge includes four concrete rings, added during World War II to prevent tanks from crossing it, if there were an invasion. On Ordnance Survey maps, this bridge is New Bridge, rather than the previous one. There is a towpath throughout the length of the flight on the southern bank of the canal, and a footpath that runs from the towpath along the eastern edge of Wilton Water to reach the hamlet of Wilton, part of the civil parish of Grafton.

</doc>
<doc id="7047166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047166" title="Mass (catholic church)">
Mass (catholic church)



</doc>
<doc id="7047167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047167" title="Northrop Grumman/Rolls-Royce WR-21">
Northrop Grumman/Rolls-Royce WR-21



</doc>
<doc id="7047181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047181" title="Tdindustries">
Tdindustries



</doc>
<doc id="7047182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047182" title="Mass (catholic)">
Mass (catholic)



</doc>
<doc id="7047193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047193" title="Jack lowe sr">
Jack lowe sr



</doc>
<doc id="7047194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047194" title="Français langue étrangère">
Français langue étrangère

Français langue étrangère (; French for "French as a foreign language", FLE) is the use of French by non-native speakers in a country where French is not normally spoken, similar to English as a foreign language. There is no single test like the TOEFL, but instead a variety of possible tests used to measure language proficiency of non-francophones in non-francophone countries. It is specifically different from "Français langue seconde" (FLS) which is used when referring to prospective immigrants to francophone countries. It is related to, but not identical from French immersion, which is a strategy for teaching French as a second (never "foreign") language to children, especially in English Canada.
Learning.
Teaching in French-speaking countries.
For adults.
Several types of institutions cater to adults:
Language school.
Private language schools, whether commercial or nonprofit, or university language centers welcome nearly 100,000 students annually (citation needed), who learn French as part of their studies. With the increase in student mobility, these centers have multiplied. Since 2007, the French ministries of Education, Higher Education and Research, Foreign Affairs, and Culture and Communication have implemented the "Qualité FLE" label, which evaluates four criteria: accommodation and hospitality, the quality of teaching and courses, facilities, and management.
In Switzerland, a "French as a Foreign Language School" is affiliated with the Faculty of Letters at the University of Lausanne (canton of Vaud). FLE is integrated into both bachelor's and master's degree programs. Additional courses, such as Satellite classes and the EFLE Free Plan, are available to exchange students and non-native speakers enrolled in other studies. These programs cater to over 1,000 students from more than 70 countries each year.
Alliance Française.
Nonprofit organizations, the Alliance Française network promotes the French language and Francophone culture worldwide. Certified since 2007 under the "Qualité FLE" label, the Alliances Françaises in French-speaking and non-French-speaking countries are key players in teaching French as a Foreign Language.
With over 9,000 students from 160 nationalities annually, the Alliance Française Paris Île-de-France is the largest French language school in France. It was also at the Alliance Française in Paris that the first methods for teaching French as a Foreign Language were developed, including the Mauger Bleu, officially published in 1953 but in use as early as 1894.
Nonprofit organizations.
Nonprofit organizations, such as community centers and social centers, often provide free or low-cost French lessons, sometimes taught by volunteers. However, some nonprofit organizations or local authorities aiming to promote the social integration of foreign residents hire professional instructors to teach FLE or literacy programs.
In France, these programs can be part of the Republican Integration Contract (CIR), signed by newcomers and the French Office for Immigration and Integration (OFII), which acts on behalf of the state.
Business.
In France, the teaching of FLE in businesses has grown following the 2004 law recognizing French proficiency as a professional skill. Training may be funded under continuous professional development programs or through the French Individual Right to Training.
For Children.
Within the French national education system, specialized classes called Units for Newly Arrived Allophone Students (UPE2A) cater to non-French-speaking minors who have recently arrived in France.
Teaching in non-French-speaking countries.
The vast majority of institutions within the cultural network of the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs (such as cultural centers and Institut Français) teach French to foreigners. Exceptions exist in cities where they coexist with an Alliance Française, such as Lisbon or Zagreb, where the Alliance Française handles language courses while the Institut Français focuses on cultural events and library resources.
The Alliances Françaises, as nonprofit local entities, are officially recognized by the French government for teaching French as a Foreign Language. These institutions sign agreements with French embassies to establish joint objectives and allocate resources as necessary.
In addition to these public entities, many private schools and centers also teach French worldwide.
French language attachés and educational cooperation officers posted in French embassies abroad play a significant role in promoting French in foreign education systems. Their efforts include developing bilingual programs, funding training for school and university teachers, and supporting partnerships between institutions.
Exclusively online FLE teaching.
With the rise of digital technologies, French as a Foreign Language (FLE) has adapted to online formats, enabling learners worldwide to access quality educational content from anywhere. Online courses provide flexibility and personalized instruction based on the learner's goals, needs, and proficiency level. Classes may be one-on-one or in groups.
Online schools for children.
Some platforms and schools specialize in teaching FLE to children using methods tailored to their cognitive development and specific needs. These courses integrate interactive and engaging activities to stimulate interest and enhance learning. Unlike teaching methods for adults, teaching children focuses more on repetition, contextual learning, and natural acquisition through games and creative activities.
Additionally, teachers in this field adapt their methods to meet parents’ expectations while adhering to international standards, such as the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). These practices ensure a structured learning progression that matches the child's age and language level.
Self-learning.
French can be learned through platforms like Babbel, Busuu, Duolingo, Gymglish (+ Aimigo Coach), Lingvist, or Cmonprof (an online FLE school dedicated to children).
Diplomas, certifications and examinations.
The "Centre international d'études pédagogiques" (CIEP) of the French Ministry of Education offers three diplomas and an examination. The Diplôme Initial de Langue Française (DILF), DELF and DALF certify a certain level of French, and the "Test de connaissance du français" (TCF) to demonstrate language proficiency for university admission.
The "Alliance française" offers 2 certificates and 2 diplomas: "Certificat d’Études de Français Pratique" 1 and 2 (CEFP1 and CEFP2), the "Diplôme de Langue" (DL) and the "Diplôme Supérieur Langue et Culture Françaises" (DSLCF).
The Paris Chamber of Commerce ("Chambre de commerce et d'industrie de Paris" or CCIP) offers a variety of diplomas as well as the "Test d'évaluation du français" (TEF).

</doc>
<doc id="7047198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047198" title="Extraordinary minister">
Extraordinary minister



</doc>
<doc id="7047205" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047205" title="Jack Lowe Jr">
Jack Lowe Jr



</doc>
<doc id="7047208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047208" title="Lists of Computer games">
Lists of Computer games



</doc>
<doc id="7047214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047214" title="Veteros">
Veteros



</doc>
<doc id="7047216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047216" title="Hinduism in Uganda">
Hinduism in Uganda

Hinduism in Uganda arrived when the colonial British Empire brought Hindus along with other Indian workers to its East African colonies in late 19th and early 20th centuries. The largest arrival of Hindu immigrants to Uganda, some educated and skilled but mostly poor and struggling from the famine-prone areas of Punjab and Gujarat, was to help construct the Kenya-Uganda Railway connecting landlocked parts of Uganda and Kenya with the port city of Mombasa. The largest departure of Hindus from Uganda occurred when General Idi Amin expelled them and seized their properties in 1972.
In addition to building major infrastructure projects, Hindus were a part of a global movement of workers to parts of British East Africa, aimed at helping the British government to establish services, retail markets and administrative support. The British invited Indian laborers as local skilled labor was unavailable. At the peak of the infrastructure projects in Uganda-Kenya, 32,000 people were brought in from India. Nearly 2,500 workers died because of difficult and unsafe working conditions during these projects. After the project ended, nearly 70% of the workers returned to India, while some 6,000 were absorbed in railway and other British operations such as retail and administration. Those who remained included Hindus, Muslims, Jains and Sikhs. Many from this ethnic group became financially successful.
Demographics.
According to ARDA, there were about 355,497 (0.93%) Hindus in Uganda in 2015 In 2020, ARDA figures showed that Hindus made up 0.8% of the population.
Expulsion of Hindus and other Asians by Idi Amin.
After colonialism ended, Hindus (along with Jains and Sikhs) were discriminated against in East Africa including Uganda. This was a part of the policies of various East African governments in their promotion of Africanization based on laws and policies under which commercial and professional sectors of the economy had to be owned by indigenous Africans. The Hindus, along with Jains, Sikhs, Jews and other religious groups, were affected during this period of xenophobic targeting of Asians and Europeans by African leaders.
When General Idi Amin came to power by overthrowing an elected government in Uganda, he adopted a policy of religious and ethnic cleansing against people of Asian religions. Himself a Muslim, he announced that he had a dream, where "Allah told him that the Asians, exploiters who did not want to integrate with the Africans, had to go". In 1972, he selectively expelled the Hindus along with other Asians from Uganda, and seized their properties. Most of those expelled were second or third generation Hindus, many with dual Ugandan and British citizenship. While he expelled Hindus and people of other religions with origins in India, Idi Amin did not expel Christians of British or French origins living in Uganda. 
According to Kim Knott, professor of Religious and Secular Studies at Lancaster University, there were 65,000 Hindus in Uganda in 1970, but all were expelled by Idi Amin. The expelled Hindus mass migrated to other countries during this period, particularly the United Kingdom (28,000 refugees), India (15,000 refugees), Canada (8,000 refugees), the United States (1,500 refugees) and in smaller numbers to other countries such as Australia. The expulsion removed most of Uganda's "industrialists, traders, artisans and civil servants", states Christopher Senyonjo, and their properties were re-allocated to civilians and Ugandan Army officials who supported Idi Amin. Uganda faced a shortage of skilled professionals such as doctors, bankers, nurses and teachers. It triggered a financial crisis and a collapse of businesses, including cement and sugar production, causing long-term economic devastation in Uganda.
Post-Idi Amin conditions.
Twenty years after the Idi Amin expulsion, Uganda reversed its laws selectively targeting Hindus and other Indian religions. This policy, offered in cooperation with the World Bank, included a return of properties seized by Idi Amin's government, such as empty and unused factories, back to the families if they returned and recreated employment.
Hindus are a tiny minority in the total Ugandan population of about 27 million. The official demographics lists Christians and Muslims separately, but includes Hindus, Jains, Sikhs, Buddhists and traditional African religions as others. Approximately 65% of the South Asians living in Uganda are Hindus. There is a Swaminarayan temple in Kampala.

</doc>
<doc id="7047227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047227" title="Kazi Syed Karimuddin">
Kazi Syed Karimuddin

Kazi Syed Karimuddin MA, LLB (19 July 1899, in Yavatmal District, Maharashtra – 14 November 1977) was a member of the Constituent Assembly of India that framed the Indian Constitution.
The son of Kazi Syed Naseeruddin and Diyanat Begum R/O Darwha Dist.Yavatmal Maharashtra, he studied at the Aligarh Muslim University founded by Sir Syed Ahmed Khan. A criminal lawyer "par excellence", he was a prominent member of the Congress party. His younger brother, Kazi Syed Gyasuddin, was a famous criminal lawyer (also LLB from Aligarh) and a Congress MLA from Akola and held several ministerial positions in Maharashtra Assembly (1951–62).
As well as participating in the Constituent Assembly that framed the constitution for independent India from 1947 to 1950, he was a member of the Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly until 1952 (at that time Madhya Pradesh was known as the Central Province). Following that he was a member of the Rajya Sabha (the upper house of the Indian Parliament) from 1954 to 1958.
He moved an amendment on the lines of American Constitution to make right to privacy a fundamental right but Dr. B.R. Ambedkar gave it only reserved support.
He had three sons and five daughters. His sons-in-law include Syed Mukassir Shah, former chairman of the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Council and Justice M.M. Qazi, former chairman of the Maharashtra Administrative Council and retired High Court judge.

</doc>
<doc id="7047228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047228" title="Drumboe Castle">
Drumboe Castle

Drumboe Castle was located on the outskirts of the town of Stranorlar in County Donegal, Ireland.
Early history.
In 1622, during the Plantation of Ulster, Robert Redington sold the estate at Ballybofey to Sir Ralph Bingley. Bingley erected the original Drumboe Castle, which had four large towers. Its location protected a ford across the River Finn.
After the death of Sir Ralph Bingley, his widow Lady Jane and Robert Harrington took charge until 1641, when it was granted to Sir William Bazil, Attorney-General for Ireland. He died in 1693.
A descendant of Sir William Bazil was William Basil (who was born William Ball and changed name to Basil). Basil married Frances Dowdeswell around 1736. Their daughter Mary Basil married Sir Samuel Hayes, 1st Baronet, and through this marriage it became the home of the Hayes baronets, of Drumboe Castle, from 1789 to 1912.
Irish Civil War.
It became the General Headquarters for the forces of the Irish Free State in County Donegal during the Irish Civil War.
It is infamous for being the location of the Drumboe massacre during the Irish Civil War. On 14 March 1923, four anti-Treaty IRA fighters, Charles Daly (26), Sean Larkin (26), Daniel Enwright (23), and Timothy O' Sullivan (23), who had been captured and held in the castle since January, were summarily shot in retaliation for the death of a National Army soldier in an ambush.
Demolition.
The Georgian house was demolished in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="7047230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047230" title="DILF (FLE)">
DILF (FLE)



</doc>
<doc id="7047233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047233" title="Buckle, Richard">
Buckle, Richard



</doc>
<doc id="7047235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047235" title="Diplôme approfondi de langue française">
Diplôme approfondi de langue française

The Diplôme approfondi de langue française (English: Diploma in Advanced French Language), or DALF for short, is a diploma of French-language abilities for non-native speakers administered by France's , or CIEP, ("International Centre of Pedagogical Studies") for the country's Ministry of Education. It is composed of two independent diplomas corresponding to the top two levels, C1 and C2, of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages. Level C2 is the highest level attainable according to this framework, denoting mastery and proficiency in the French language. The "basic" and "independent" divisions of language proficiency are certified by the DELF levels A1 to B2. DALF is not a certificate but it is a diploma valid for lifetime.
Exams.
DALF C1.
Language users at DALF C1 are independent. They can express themselves fluently and spontaneously. They have a large vocabulary and can choose the appropriate expression to introduce their comments. They can produce clear, well-structured discourse without hesitation and which shows controlled use of structures. 
The DALF C1 exam consists of four parts. Each part is graded from zero to 25 points, for a total of 100 points. A minimum of 50 points, as well as at least 5 points per part, is required to pass the exam.
DALF C2.
DALF C2 users' proficiency in the language is illustrated by precision, appropriateness and fluency of expression. C2 candidates are capable of using the language for business, academic and other advanced-level purposes.
The DALF C2 exam consists of two parts. Each part is graded from zero to 50 points, for a total of 100 points. A minimum of 50 points, as well as at least 10 points per part, is required to pass the exam.

</doc>
<doc id="7047240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047240" title="Diplôme d'études en langue française">
Diplôme d'études en langue française

The Diplôme d'études en langue française (English: Diploma in French Language Studies) or DELF for short, is a diploma of French-language abilities for non-native speakers of French administered by France Education International ("" or FEI) for France's Ministry of Education. It is composed of four independent diplomas corresponding to the first four levels of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages: A1, A2, B1 and B2. Above this level, the "Proficient User" divisions are certified by the DALF.
The examinations are available in four varieties: "DELF Tous Publics" which is aimed at adults, "DELF Prim" which is for Primary School students (only available at pre A1, A1 and A2 levels), "DELF Junior et Scolaire" which is aimed at Secondary School students, and "DELF Pro" which is aimed at people who would like to work. Each variety is worth exactly the same and results in the awarding of the same diploma, but the material is varied to ensure that it is appropriate for the target cohort. DELF is not a certificate but it is a diploma valid for life and does not expire.
Exam sections.
In the DELF examinations, the listening, reading and writing "Epreuves Collectives" are done back-to-back and the oral examination is taken separately.
Part one: listening.
In this section the candidate is presented with a series of recordings and asked to fill out some comprehension questions regarding the selection played. At levels A1 to B1, each selection is played twice, and ranges from a maximum of 3 minutes in length at the A1 level to a maximum of 6 minutes in length at the B1 level. In the B2 examination, candidates are presented with two recordings. The first recording is played twice and the second only once, with the total length of recordings being approximately 8 minutes.
Part two: reading.
This section tests the candidates' reading comprehension by presenting several short pieces of writing, followed by comprehension questions requiring simple filling (ticking, multiple choice, true/false) or a justified written answer. At A1 and A2 levels, candidates are presented with several short texts or signs. At B1 and B2 levels, candidates are given longer texts, with the total length of B2 texts being around 1000 words.
Part three: writing.
This tests the candidates written skills and again varies in subjects according to the level. 
The required length of writing is 40 words for A1, 60 to 80 words for A2, 160 to 180 words for B1 and at least 250 words for B2.
Part four: speaking.
At the A1 and A2 levels this section consists of a guided conversation where the candidate is prompted by the examiner, a short exchange of information on a defined subject and finally a role-play between the examiner and the candidate.
At the B1 level it consists of a guided conversation, an interactive exercise and discussion of a document designed to elicit a reaction from the candidate.
At the B2 level, the candidate is expected to state and defend an opinion, based on a short document designed to elicit a reaction.
Scoring.
Although the difficulty varies, the scoring of the DELF is identical at each level. Sections are scored out of 25, for a total of 100 marks per test. In order to pass, a minimum of 5/25 must be achieved in each section, and a minimum of 50/100 overall.

</doc>
<doc id="7047241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047241" title="Aaaa battery">
Aaaa battery



</doc>
<doc id="7047244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047244" title="French as a foreign language">
French as a foreign language



</doc>
<doc id="7047245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047245" title="Psathyrella">
Psathyrella

Psathyrella is a large genus of about 400 species, and is similar to the genera "Coprinellus", "Coprinopsis", "Coprinus" and "Panaeolus", usually with a thin cap and white or yellowish white hollow stem. The caps do not self digest as do those of "Coprinellus" and "Coprinopsis". Some also have brown spores rather than black. These fungi are often drab-colored, difficult to identify, and all members are considered inedible or worthless (for eating) and so they are often overlooked. However they are quite common and can occur at times when there are few other mushrooms to be seen. The first report of a gilled mushroom fruiting underwater is "Psathyrella aquatica".
The genus name "Psathyrella" is a diminutive form of "Psathyra", derived from the Greek word ψαθυρος, "psathuros" 'friable'. The type species of "Psathyrella" is "Psathyrella gracilis", which is now known as "Psathyrella corrugis".
Characteristics.
In order to identify the species it may be necessary to take into account the presence and nature of any veil remnants on cap (which may only be visible on very young fruiting bodies), the colour of young fruiting bodies, which is often more vivid than with older ones, whether the cap is hygrophanous (it can well be a translucent brown or ochre colour in a humid state but a pure opaque white on drying out), and the spore size and the presence and nature of cheilocystidia, pleurocystidia and caulocystidia, distinctive sterile cells on the gill face, gill edge and stipe respectively. All Psathyrella species are unusually fragile, and both the cap and stem break with very little effort. Unlike most agarics, the caps of "Psathyrella species" easily break into triangular shaped pieces.
Selected species.
"For complete list see" List of "Psathyrella" species

</doc>
<doc id="7047252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047252" title="AAAA battery">
AAAA battery

The AAAA battery (usually read as "quadruple-A") is 42.5 mm long and 8.3 mm in diameter. The alkaline cell weighs around 6.5 g and produces 1.5 V. This size battery is also classified as R8D425 (IEC) and 25 (ANSI/NEDA). The alkaline battery in this size is also known by Duracell type number MN2500 or MX2500 and Energizer type number E96.
Uses.
This battery size is most often used in small devices such as laser pointers, LED penlights, powered computer styluses, glucose meters, and small headphone amplifiers, with Microsoft's Surface Pen the most prominent product taking AAAA batteries. These batteries are not as popular as AAA or AA type batteries, and consequently are not as commonly available.
Some models of alkaline nine-volt battery contain six LR61 cells connected by welded tabs. These cells are similar to AAAA cells and can be used in their place in some devices, even though they are shorter.

</doc>
<doc id="7047262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047262" title="Eliška Krásnohorská">
Eliška Krásnohorská

Eliška Krásnohorská (18 November 1847, in Prague – 26 November 1926, in Prague) was a Czech feminist author. She was introduced to literature and feminism by Karolína Světlá. She wrote works of lyric poetry and literary criticism, however, she is usually associated with children's literature and translations, including works by Pushkin, Mickiewicz and Byron.
Krásnohorská wrote the libretti for four operas by Bedřich Smetana: "The Kiss", "The Secret", "The Devil's Wall" and "Viola". She also wrote the libretto for Zdeněk Fibich's opera "Blaník". In 1873, she founded the women's magazine "Ženské listy", which she headed until handing it over to Jindřiška Flajšhansová in 1912.
In 1890 Krásnohorská founded the Minerva School in Prague, the first "gymnasium" for girls in the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Its language of instruction was Czech.

</doc>
<doc id="7047267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047267" title="Splinter Cell Double Agent">
Splinter Cell Double Agent



</doc>
<doc id="7047268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047268" title="Charles Indigo">
Charles Indigo



</doc>
<doc id="7047276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047276" title="Clucas (composer)">
Clucas (composer)



</doc>
<doc id="7047288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047288" title="GH 2">
GH 2



</doc>
<doc id="7047291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047291" title="Jopet-show">
Jopet-show

Jopet-show is a Finnish sketch show starring comedian Jope Ruonansuu, Mika Räinä and Jukka Toivonen. It aired on Yle's channel from 2005 to 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="7047301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047301" title="Brian Lara Cricket (series)">
Brian Lara Cricket (series)

Brian Lara Cricket is a series of six cricket video games that are endorsed by the West Indian cricketer Brian Lara and published by Codemasters.
Games.
As of 2007, there are six games in the Brian Lara Cricket series on eight video game systems, spanning thirteen years.
Brian Lara Cricket.
"Brian Lara Cricket" is the first game in the series to be endorsed by Brian Lara. It was developed by Audiogenic and published by Codemasters in 1994 for DOS and then a year later in 1995 for the Mega Drive and Amiga systems.
Brian Lara Cricket '96.
Also known as "Lara '96", this game is a new version of Brian Lara Cricket on the Mega Drive with updated player names and statistics. It is the final game in the series to be developed by Audiogenic and was published by Codemasters in 1996.
Brian Lara Cricket '99.
Released in 1999, this was the first 3D accelerated game in the series. It was the first fifth generation game in the series, developed and shipped by Codemasters for the Sony PlayStation and Windows platforms with commentary provided by Geoffrey Boycott and Jonathan Agnew. This game was also branded as "Shane Warne Cricket '99" in Australia and New Zealand.
Brian Lara International Cricket 2005.
Developed by Swordfish Studios for Codemasters, "Brian Lara International Cricket 2005" is a 6th generation console game for the PlayStation 2, Xbox and Windows. It was released to coincide with the 2005 Ashes series. BLIC 2005 builds on the 3D environment that was first introduced in Brian Lara Cricket '99 and enhances it with rendered crowds and detailed stadia. It was released in Australia as "Ricky Ponting International Cricket 2005".
Brian Lara International Cricket 2007.
Off the success of "BLIC2005", "Brian Lara International Cricket 2007" was developed. Using the same release date tactics as the previous game, it was shipped during the 2007 Cricket World Cup. The game was available for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360 consoles, as well as for Windows. This version includes many graphical as well as gameplay improvements. The Xbox 360 version is the first console port in the series to be in high definition widescreen. Gameplay improvements include analogue direction control when batting, this allows the player to attempt to hit the ball in any direction. In India, it was released as "Yuvraj Singh International Cricket 2007". It was also the second game in the Ricky Ponting international series.
Brian Lara Pressure Play.
"Brian Lara Pressure Play" is a PSP-only version of the game, released in 2007.
History.
In 1985, Michael McLean at Audiogenic, a subsidiary of Supersoft wrote "Graham Gooch's Test Cricket" for the C64 computer system. The game sold well and received high ratings, and so Audiogenic followed it up with "Graham Gooch's All Star Cricket" in 1987. The game that was to become "Graham Gooch World Class Cricket" was scheduled to be released for the Amiga and Atari ST in 1991, but development was delayed to ensure quality. When it did eventually appear in 1993 it was a huge success, reaching No.1 in the Amiga charts. A PC version followed a year later.
In 1994 Audiogenic identified an opportunity to capitalise on the success of Brian Lara, who had broken two long-standing world records, and rebranded World Class Cricket game as "Brian Lara Cricket", initially for the DOS but also later for the Amiga. A year later Audiogenic licensed "Brian Lara Cricket" for the Sega Mega Drive to Codemasters. It was successful and spent 10 weeks at No.1 in the UK video games chart during the summer of 1995. "Brian Lara Cricket '96" was released the following year in 1996 also by Codemasters, and it too got to No.1 in the charts. In late 1996 Codemasters acquired the Audiogenic development and "Brian Lara Cricket '99" for the PlayStation console was released in 1998.
In 2005 Codemasters released "Brian Lara International Cricket 2005" for the PlayStation 2 console, released on 21 July to coincide with the start of the 2005 Ashes series. The game received high ratings. Off the back of this success, Codemasters has developed "Brian Lara International Cricket 2007" which was released in March 2007, to coincide with the Cricket World Cup. "Brian Lara Pressure Play" followed in August for the PSP, reaching No.1 in its first week on release.
With Brian Lara's retirement from professional cricket in 2007 Codemasters moved away from using Lara in the title. The next cricket game released by the publisher was "Ashes Cricket 2009" in August 2009, which continues with the same playing style as the Brian Lara series of cricket games. Codemasters has released the latest "International Cricket 2010" on in June 2010 as a sequel to the "Ashes Cricket 2009". The Cricket series is moving on after Brian Lara's retirement and re-branding of the video games series.

</doc>
<doc id="7047302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047302" title="The Future Now">
The Future Now

The Future Now is the seventh studio album by Peter Hammill, released on Charisma Records in 1978. It was the first solo album Hammill released following the 1978 breakup of his band Van der Graaf Generator, although he had released numerous solo albums while Van der Graaf Generator were active. The album contains twelve short songs, several in the new wave style of Van der Graaf Generator's last studio album, "The Quiet Zone/The Pleasure Dome".
The album cover shows a set of photographs by Brian Griffin, portraying Peter Hammill with half of his moustache and beard shaven.
"If I Could" was re-worked for Hammill's 1984 album "The Love Songs".

</doc>
<doc id="7047304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047304" title="Company scrip">
Company scrip

Company scrip is scrip (a substitute for government-issued legal tender or currency) issued by a company to pay its employees. It can only be exchanged in company stores owned by the employers. In the United Kingdom, such truck systems have long been formally outlawed under the Truck Acts. In the United States, payment in scrip became illegal in 1938 as part of the Fair Labor Standards Act. However, there are claims that scrip was still used until the 1960s, for example in plantations in Alabama.
In the United States, mining and logging camps were typically created, owned and operated by a single company. These locations, some quite remote, were often cash poor; even in ones that were not, workers paid in scrip had little choice but to purchase goods at a company store, as exchange into currency, if even available, would exhaust some of the value via the exchange fee. With this economic monopoly, the employer could place large markups on goods, making workers dependent on the company, thus enforcing employee "loyalty". While scrip was not exclusive to the coal industry, an estimated 75 percent of all scrip used was by coal companies in Kentucky, Virginia, and West Virginia.
Lumber company scrip.
In 19th century United States forested areas, cash was often hard to come by. This was particularly true in lumber camps, where workers were commonly paid in company-issued scrip rather than government issued currency.
In Wisconsin, for example, forest-products and lumber companies were specifically exempted from the state law requiring employers to pay workers' wages in cash. Lumber and timber companies frequently paid their workers in scrip which was redeemable at the company store. Company-run stores served as a convenience for workers and their families, but also allowed the companies to exploit workers for increased profit. In certain cases, employers included contract provisions requiring employees to patronize the company stores. Employees who wanted to change their scrip to cash generally had to do so at a discount.
Lumber company scrip was redeemable in lumber as well as other merchandise. According to the Wisconsin Historical Society, such an option may have appealed to new settlers in the region, who worked in the lumber camps in winter to earn enough money to establish a farm. Taking some of their wages in lumber may have helped them build a much-needed house or barn.
Coal company scrip.
"Coal scrip" is "tokens or paper with a monetary value issued to workers as an advance on wages by the coal company or its designated representative". As such, coal scrip could only be used at the specific locality or coal town of the company named. Because coal scrip was used in the context of a coal town, where there were usually no other retail establishments in that specific remote location, employees who used this could only redeem their value at that specific location. As there were no other retail establishments, this constituted a monopoly. The coal town was established by out-of-state corporations and fueled by cheap labor provided by European immigrants who came to Appalachia in search of work in the growing coal industry.
The use of coal scrip dates to the late 1800s as coal companies looked for a way to increase their profits (although the stated reason for using scrip was to eliminate keeping large cash reserves). Rather than receiving compensation in United States currency, many miners received payment entirely in scrip, which could be used only at a store owned by the coal company (called a company store). Coal companies would also advance miners their wages in scrip, but would pay from 50% to 80% of their wages for such advances (a form of early payday loans). The result was a situation in which miners were perpetually in debt to their employer, receiving only an "advance against unearned wages." Moreover, because the company store was often the only place to spend scrip, the company could charge exorbitant prices in these rural communities compared to prices in major cities.
There was no uniform design, but each coin generally identified the location of the coal company town and predominantly featured the words "non-transferrable" to communicate to recipients it could not be transferred for U.S. currency.
Coal scrip was deemed unconstitutional if non-transferable in the early twentieth century, but continued to exist in Kentucky and West Virginia until officially outlawed by Congress in 1967.
The country musician Merle Travis, on the album "Folk Songs of the Hills", makes reference to coal scrip in the song "Sixteen Tons", made famous by Tennessee Ernie Ford.
Plantation scrip.
Plantation scrip incorporated cards, coins or tokens issued to sharecroppers and other workers on former plantations after the American Civil War. It could only be spent at the plantation store, which often had inflated prices, and made saving up money to leave the plantation almost impossible. In 1887, thousands of sharecroppers and sugar workers went on strike in order to receive money payments instead of scrip; this escalated into violence and dozens of African Americans were killed in the Thibodaux massacre. The use of scrip continued into the 20th century; in 1965, Martin Luther King, Jr. spoke of meeting plantation workers who had been paid in scrip all their lives and "had never seen U.S. currency."
Wartime.
From 1914 to 1924, during and following the First World War, a variety of forms of German scrip were issued, including Notgeld, Lagergeld, Gutscheine and Serienscheine. Such currencies were issued "by principalities, German colonial governments, cities, large corporations, small businesses, prisoner-of-war camps, and in some cases, individuals."
Modern practice.
The practice has been documented as recently as 2019. On September 4, 2008, the Mexican Supreme Court of Justice ruled that Walmart de Mexico, the Mexican subsidiary of Walmart, must cease paying its employees in part with vouchers redeemable only at Walmart stores. On May 21, 2019, "The Washington Post" published an article highlighting Amazon's new system of "gamification", which rewards employees who complete high numbers of orders with Swag Bucks in a game-like system, which can then be used to buy Amazon-themed merchandise.
Microtransactions (mtx) are a business model where users can purchase in-game virtual currency with micropayments. Microtransactions are often used in free-to-play games to provide a revenue source for the developers. While microtransactions are a staple of the mobile app market, they are also seen on PC software such as Valve's Steam digital distribution platform, as well as console gaming, where the consumer cannot generally convert the purchases back into real money.

</doc>
<doc id="7047305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047305" title="Baytown-East Freeway">
Baytown-East Freeway



</doc>
<doc id="7047310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047310" title="Charles Hampton Indigo">
Charles Hampton Indigo



</doc>
<doc id="7047319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047319" title="Niko Nikoladze">
Niko Nikoladze

Niko Nikoladze (, 27 September 1843 – 5 June 1928) was a Georgian writer and public figure primarily known for his contributions to the development of Georgian liberal journalism and his involvement in various economic and social projects of that time.
Biography.
Niko Nikoladze was born in Kutaisi, western Georgia (then part of the Russian Empire) into petite noble family of Nikoladze. He was the son of a merchant, Iakob Nikoladze (1798–1871) and his wife, Princess Elizabeth Lortkipanidze (1826–1878). He had three sisters: Anastasia, Olimpiada (d. 1883) and Efrosinya. After the graduation from Kutaisi Gymnasium (1860), he enrolled the Faculty of Law at St Petersburg University in 1861. In the same year he was excluded from the university for taking part in student protests. After leaving St. Petersburg he went to study in Western Europe in 1864 and became the first Georgian to receive a doctorate (in law) from a European university, namely in Zurich (1868). Like many other Georgian intellectuals of that time, he followed the evolution of Russian liberals to different versions of socialism, establishing his own contacts with the Western leftist thinkers. Nikoladze was the first Georgian figure within this trend to gain position of influence in all-Russian liberalist movements. During his stay in Zurich, through Paul Lafargue he met Karl Marx, who asked Nikoladze to become the representative of the International in Transcaucasia. Nikoladze declined the offer because at that time his views were closer with the Russian revolutionary democrats, Nikolai Chernyshevsky and Nikolay Dobrolyubov, whom he had met in St. Petersburg. While in Europe, he briefly collaborated with Aleksandr Herzen in his influential newspaper, "Kolokol" ("The Bell"), in 1865, but Nikoladze soon broke with Herzen when the latter sent a reconciliatory open letter to the tsar.
Back in his native Georgia, he became involved in national-liberation movement inspired by Georgia's most famous intellectual of that time Prince Ilia Chavchavadze though Nikoladze's relations with Chavchavadze were not always easy. Nikoladze joined a more radical wing of this movement later named the Second Group ("meore dasi") and quickly became one of its most influential leaders. This group sought widely for a program, ranging from state-regulated capitalism to various forms of "association" and collectivism, and worked to introduce European learning and culture in Georgia. They became the first Georgian political team to stress the importance of the urban and economic life of Georgia. They actively implemented their ideas into practice and worked to keep the Georgians from being pushed aside by the Russians and Armenians who dominated the Georgian cities, particularly the capital, Tiflis. He gained almost a scandalous name by publishing his sarcastic article, "A Thought on Likhi Mountain" (1871), where he compared Tiflis to an old whore, the wide, paved avenues, parks, and theaters being just her make-up, while the markets are her blackened teeth and the cemeteries and war-devastated fields her raddled body. Nikoladze's rhetoric attacks on the representatives of the older generation, who mostly chose to serve loyally to the Russian administration, further strengthened positions of the "men of the 60s," a backbone of younger Georgian intellectuals forming an opposition to the Tsarist regime.
From 1871 to 1875, Nikoladze lived between Paris and Tbilisi, organizing several revolutionary periodicals such as "Krebuli" in Tbilisi (1871), "Drosha" in Paris (1873) and "Mimokhilva" in Tbilisi. While he was in Paris, he married a Polish woman, Bogumila Zemaianskaia (also Bogumiła Ziemiańska), who had lived for a while in his hometown of Kutaisi. They had three children — a son who died young, and two daughters, Nino (born 1872) and Elizabeth, known as "Lolo". He returned to Tbilisi in 1875, but was arrested for his radical publications and expelled to Stavropol in 1880. Separated from Zemaianskaia, he was accompanied to Russia by Olga Guramishvili, member of an old noble Guramishvili family, whom he would marry after he was officially divorced in 1883.
Despite the strong governmental censure and pressure exerted upon Nikoladze, he remained an influential and respected writer not only in Georgia, but also in Russia proper. Many of his best writings composed in Russian and French were systematically published in the European press. The climax of Nikoladze's activity was his successful negotiations in the mid-1880s with Alexander III and his government that reduced the nationwide repressions and saved Vera Figner from the gallows and Chernyshevsky from exile. In 1884, Nikoladze and Guramishvili were living in Saint Petersburg, where their daughter Rusudan (1884–1981) was born. From 1886, he led the liberal group "Meore Dasi" and though his family lived in Didi Jikhaishi, in the Imereti region of western Georgia, Nikoladze served as the editor of "Novoe obozrenie" in Tbilisi. He and Olga's other two children Giorgi (1888–1931) and Tamara (1892–1939), were born in Didi Jikhaishi. Also living as part of their family was his eldest daughter Nino.
As a notable public benefactor, Nikoladze was responsible for a number of social and economic projects, including the expansion of railway systems in Georgia and the construction of the Grozny-Poti pipeline. From 1894 to 1912, Nikoladze was elected a mayor of Poti. During his tenure as a mayor, he made this small portal town on Georgia's Black Sea coast an important maritime city and trading center.
Soon after the 1917 February Revolution in Russia, Nikoladze allied himself with more radical Georgian intelligentsia, supporting Georgia's full independence from Russia. He was elected an honorary chairman of the National Democratic Party of Georgia. During the years of the first Georgian republic (1918–1921), he was actively involved in the nation's social and economic life. In 1920 he led a delegation of the Chiatura Manganese Exporting Society in Europe. He was still abroad, when the short-lived Georgian independence was terminated by the Soviet Russia's military invasion in 1921. Yet Nikoladze decided to return to Soviet Georgia, retreating into a world of theory, preaching education and reform instead of violent revolution.
His daughters from his first marriage, Nino, married Levan Zurabishvili and Lolo married the Belgian writer and statesman, Camille Huysmans. From his second marriage Rusudan became a chemist and married Russian historian Mikhail Polievktov. Giorgi became a mathematician and Tamara married one of Giorgi's colleagues, Nikoloz Muskhelishvili.

</doc>
<doc id="7047329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047329" title="Poor Clares of Perpetual Adoration">
Poor Clares of Perpetual Adoration

The Poor Clares of Perpetual Adoration (PCPA) are a branch of the Poor Clares, a cloistered, contemplative order of nuns in the Franciscan tradition. Founded in France in 1854 by Marie Claire Bouillevaux, the Poor Clares of Perpetual Adoration are cloistered nuns dedicated to the perpetual adoration of the Blessed Sacrament.
History.
The order was established on 8 December 1854 in Paris, France, by Marie de Ste. Claire Bouillevaux and Bonaventure Heurlaut for the sole purpose of Eucharistic adoration. In 1856, the convent resettled in Troyes, and introduced perpetual Eucharistic adoration on 2 August 1856; the sisters have not ceased in worship since. Eventually, the order founded 36 autonomous monasteries: in France, Poland, Austria, Germany, Bangladesh, India, Kazakhstan, and the United States.
Presence in the United States.
In the United States, the first foundation was established in Cleveland, Ohio in 1921 from Vienna. As more nuns arrived Bishop Schrembs looked for a larger space than their residence on Euclid Avenue and purchased the former St. Paul Episcopal Church. He also built the nuns a monastery. The Church of the Conversion of St. Paul was dedicated in October 1931. From 1949 to 2008 it served as a parish church, but has since reverted to its previous status as a shrine. The shrine is managed by the Capuchin Friars. The nuns, who remain cloistered, attend Mass in an enclosure at the front of the church. 
In 1946 the Cleveland house established Sancta Clara Monastery in Canton, Ohio. Cleveland also established a monastery for perpetual adoration in Washington D.C. in 1954. In 2017, the Washington monastery closed and the two remaining nuns returned to Cleveland. 
From the Canton house, Our Lady of the Angels Monastery in Irondale, Alabama was established in July 1961. It later moved to Hanceville. Our Lady of Solitude Monastery in Tonopah, Arizona, near Phoenix developed from Our Lady of the Angels. It is located within the Diocese of Phoenix and operates independently of the diocese, with the approval of the local bishop. 
Recent years have seen the consolidation of their monasteries in the United States. St. Joseph Monastery was established in Portsmouth, Ohio around 2007. In 2010 it relocated to Charlotte, North Carolina at the invitation of Bishop Peter Joseph Jugis. In 2016, St. Joseph's merged with Our Lady of the Angels in Hanceville.

</doc>
<doc id="7047332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047332" title="William Jimeno">
William Jimeno



</doc>
<doc id="7047336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047336" title="Ozhibaganjigan">
Ozhibaganjigan



</doc>
<doc id="7047351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047351" title="Post-vocalic r">
Post-vocalic r



</doc>
<doc id="7047353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047353" title="Fay Zwicky">
Fay Zwicky

Fay Zwicky (4 July 1933 – 2 July 2017) was an Australian poet, short story writer, critic and academic primarily known for her autobiographical poem "Kaddish", which deals with her identity as a Jewish writer.
Life.
Born Julia Fay Rosefield, Zwicky grew up in suburban Melbourne. Her family was fourth generation Australian—her father, a doctor; her mother, a musician. Zwicky was an accomplished pianist by the age of six, and performed with her violinist and cellist sisters while still at school. After completing her schooling at Anglican institutions, she entered the University of Melbourne in 1950, receiving her Bachelor of Arts in 1954. Descended from European Jews, she described herself as an "outsider" ("I was ashamed of my foreign interloper status") from an "Anglo-Saxon dominated" Australian culture. She began publishing poetry as an undergraduate, thereafter working as a musician, touring Europe, America and South-East Asia between 1955 and 1965.
She settled in Perth with her Swiss husband Karl Zwicky (the two married in 1957) and two children (one son, one daughter) and returned to literature working primarily as a Senior Lecturer in American and comparative literature at the University of Western Australia until her retirement in 1987. From 1978 to 1981 she was a member of the Literature Board of the Australia Council in Sydney. After her retirement she concentrated on her writing, which won her international recognition.
In 1990, Zwicky married her second husband James Mackie, who died before her. She led a reclusive life in Perth: "I never expect anything. I always think I'm drifting and nobody knows I'm here, and it's great." In 2004, Fay Zwicky was declared a Western Australian "Living Treasure", a term she called "repulsive ... like being prematurely obituarized."
Work.
Recurrent themes of Zwicky's were the relation between art and the artist, the exploration of the author's Jewish heritage and autobiographical experiences. Her poetry collections won several awards. The committee for the Patrick White Award praised Zwicky as "one of Australia's most original and accomplished poets". The "Cambridge Guide to Literature in English" describes her style as "densely textured but elegant and direct".
Zwicky's first collection, "Isaac Babel's Fiddle" (1975) included a number of poems about her Lithuanian grandfather and his cultural displacement in Australia, which nevertheless saved him from the Holocaust ("Summer Pogrom", "Totem and Taboo"). Zwicky also writes of her own alienation, in spite of her being "whiter than Persil".
The title poem of her most-admired collection, "Kaddish" (1982), is an elegy for her father who died at sea. In her poem Zwicky uses the Aramaic phrases of the traditional prayer of mourning to frame her own memorial prayer detailing her complex relationship with her father. She draws on the Haggadah, the Passover Seder night liturgy. Kaddish "also uses the Lord’s Prayer and invokes God in female form as a goddess. Ivor Indyk describes "Kaddish" as "a mosaic of textual citations, of the Kaddish, the Passover Haggadah and numerous allusions to myth and nursery rhyme."
"Ask Me", Zwicky's third book of poetry, contained poems on China, America, and a series of religious poems on the deities of the Hindu pantheon ("Ganesh", "Vishnu", "Siva", and the goddess "Devi"). In Zwicky's subsequent books she developed a sparser style of poetry. In the title poem of "The Gatekeeper’s Wife" Zwicky wrote of the devastating loss of her husband, and recalls the custom of lighting a memorial candle. In "Losing Track" the death of her husband is linked with the Jewish loss of Zion. The collection included an elegy, "Banksia Blechifolia", for Primo Levi, and "Groundswell for Ginsberg", an homage to Allen Ginsberg.
Her last collection of poems, "Picnic", published in 2006, included primarily poems about the nature of poetry and the poet's role in the world. Aside from her poetry, Zwicky published a collection of short stories, "Hostages", in 1983, and a collection of essays on literature and survival, "The Lyre in the Pawnshop", in 1986. In her essays Zwicky traced the ways in which the construction of an Australian literature has served to marginalise minority writers and women. She discussed the absence, until very lately, of any place for a Jewish writer in Australian literature: "Living and growing up in this country has been an exercise in repression".
Death.
Zwicky died in Perth, Western Australia on 2 July 2017, aged 83, two days before her 84th birthday.
Bibliography.
Poetry
Short Stories
Essays
Anthologies

</doc>
<doc id="7047356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047356" title="Charles H. Indigo">
Charles H. Indigo



</doc>
<doc id="7047380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047380" title="1045 Michela">
1045 Michela

1045 Michela, provisional designation , is an stony Massalian asteroid from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 19 November 1924, by Belgian–American astronomer George Van Biesbroeck at the Yerkes Observatory in Williams Bay, Wisconsin, United States. The S-type asteroid was named after the discoverer's daughter, Micheline van Biesbroeck.
Orbit and classification.
"Michela" is a member of the Massalia family (), a very large inner belt asteroid family consisting of stony asteroids. It orbits the Sun in the inner main-belt at a distance of 2.0–2.7 AU once every 3 years and 7 months (1,323 days; semi-major axis of 2.36 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.16 and an inclination of 0° with respect to the ecliptic.
The asteroid's observation arc begins with its observation as at the Goethe Link Observatory in November 1953, or 29 years after to its official discovery observation.
Physical characteristics.
In the SMASS classification, "Michela" is a common, stony S-type asteroid, which is also the overall spectral type for Massalian asteroids.
Diameter and albedo.
According to the survey carried out by the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, "Michela" measures 6.104 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo of 0.328.
Rotation period.
As of 2018, no rotational lightcurve of "Michela" has been obtained from photometric observations. The body's rotation period, poles and shape remain unknown.
Naming.
This minor planet was named after Micheline van Biesbroeck, daughter of the discoverer George Van Biesbroeck. The official naming citation was mentioned in "The Names of the Minor Planets" by Paul Herget in 1955 ().

</doc>
<doc id="7047388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047388" title="The Flying Burrito Bros (album)">
The Flying Burrito Bros (album)

The Flying Burrito Bros is the third album by the country rock group, The Flying Burrito Brothers, released in the spring of 1971. Before recording sessions for the album began, Chris Hillman fired Gram Parsons from the band, leaving Hillman and "Sneaky" Pete Kleinow as the only original continuing members. In Parsons' place, the band hired a young unknown musician named Rick Roberts, who later was the primary lead singer of Firefall. Guitarist Bernie Leadon would also leave the band shortly after the album's release, going on to co-found the Eagles.
Over the winter of 1970 to 1971 the band returned to Sunset Studios to record their third album. With Jim Dickson again the producer, assisted by Bob Hughes, the group developed original pieces mainly from Chris Hillman and Rick Roberts, along with a revisitation of a Bob Dylan composition. Several outtakes from the recording sessions later appeared on several compilations following the band's demise. Following the release of the album, further personnel changes occurred including Kleinow departing to focus solely on session recordings.
Track listing.
CD Bonus Tracks: 

</doc>
<doc id="7047389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047389" title="Hermanduri">
Hermanduri



</doc>
<doc id="7047392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047392" title="Sun (star)">
Sun (star)



</doc>
<doc id="7047395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047395" title="Great Bristol Half Marathon">
Great Bristol Half Marathon

The Great Bristol Half Marathon is an annual road running event held on the streets of Bristol, UK. The route is at sea level and starts on Anchor Road outside We The Curious. Participants make their way toward Hotwells before heading under the Clifton Suspension Bridge and along the Portway toward Sea Mills before returning the same way then navigating around Cumberland Basin then along Spike Island before crossing Prince Street Bridge, circling Queen Square then heading to Castle Park via St Mary Redcliffe and Temple Circus. The final mile and a half take place in the Old City and Bristol City Centre before crossing the finish line back at Anchor Road.
The runner's village is located at Millennium Square.
Race history.
Bristol Marathon.
The half-marathon had been preceded locally by the Bristol Marathon, which was first run in 1982. In 2014, a new marathon was launched in Bristol. Organised by Go2Events, the Bristol + Bath Marathon follows much of the Bristol Half Marathon route before heading out of the city through South Gloucestershire and into Bath finishing at Royal Victoria Park. The inaugural event took place on 25 October 2015.
Bristol Half Marathon.
The first Bristol Half Marathon was held in 1989, with just 1,000 runners competing. The event grew with 12,000 competitors in 2005, 15,000 in 2006 and 16,000 in 2009, a figure around which the participation level has settled.
In the 1992 race, two Kenyan teammates finished first with the same time. Gideon Mutisya and David Mungai shared the 1:04:08 course-record time, though Mutisya was declared winner.
Notable editions of the race include 1997, when the event was titled 'The Cabot 500 Run Through History' to celebrate the 500th anniversary of John Cabot's first voyage to Newfoundland in 1497 and 2001, when the Bristol Half Marathon was also the 10th IAAF World Half Marathon Championships, and attracted competitors such as Haile Gebrselassie and Paula Radcliffe.
In 2007 the race incorporated the UK Athletics team selection trial for the 2007 IAAF World Road Running Championships, as well as the Amateur Athletic Association championship half marathon.
The first fatality in the race occurred in 2011, when a male runner collapsed and died.
The names of various sponsors have prefixed the title of the race in the past, with names including the Bupa Bristol Half Marathon, the Reebok Bristol Half Marathon and the Run Bristol Half Marathon, being sponsored by Bristol City Council. On 14 December 2015, it was announced from 2016 the event, alongside sister event the Bristol 10k, would be organised by Great Run and renamed the Great Bristol Half Marathon.
In 2011 a business challenge was introduced, to stimulate participation by colleagues within Bristol companies.
In 2024, a fatality occurred, when a 26-year old runner collapsed and died.
Past winners.
Key:
All information taken from "runbristol," ARRS and "This is Bristol"

</doc>
<doc id="7047425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047425" title="1046 Edwin">
1046 Edwin

1046 Edwin, provisional designation , is a background asteroid from the outer regions of the asteroid belt, approximately kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 1 December 1924, by Belgian–American astronomer George Van Biesbroeck at the Yerkes Observatory in Wisconsin, United States, who named it after his son, Edwin Van Biesbroeck. The potentially metallic asteroid has a short rotation period of 5.29 hours.
Orbit and classification.
"Edwin" is a non-family asteroid from the main belt's background population. It orbits the Sun in the outer asteroid belt at a distance of 2.8–3.2 AU once every 5 years and 2 months (1,882 days; semi-major axis of 2.98 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.06 and an inclination of 8° with respect to the ecliptic. The body's observation arc begins with its first recorded observation at Heidelberg Observatory in March 1926, or 15 months after its official discovery observation at Yerkes Observatory.
Physical characteristics.
In the SMASS classification, "Edwin" is an Xe-subtype that transitions from the X-type to the very bright E-type asteroid It has also been characterized as a metallic M-type asteroid by the Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer (WISE).
Rotation period.
Since 2001, several rotational lightcurves of "Edwin" have been obtained from photometric observations by American William Koff at the Antelope Hills Observatory in Colorado, Richard Ditteon at the Oakley Observatory in Indiana, and French amateur astronomers Pierre Antonini, René Roy and Stéphane Charbonnel.
Analysis of the best-rated lightcurve by Pierre Antonini from November 2006, gave a rotation period of 5.2906 hours with a brightness amplitude of 0.27 magnitude (). While not being a fast rotator, it has a relatively short spin-rate for an asteroid of its size.
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Japanese Akari satellite and the NEOWISE mission of NASA's WISE telescope, "Edwin" measures between 25.15 and 36.355 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.1113 and 0.235.
The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" assumes a standard albedo for carbonaceous asteroids of 0.057 and consequently calculates a larger diameter of 42.23 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 10.6.
Naming.
This minor planet was named after Edwin Van Biesbroeck, son of discoverer George Van Biesbroeck. The official naming citation was mentioned in "The Names of the Minor Planets" by Paul Herget in 1955 ().

</doc>
<doc id="7047432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047432" title="Thai Nielloware">
Thai Nielloware



</doc>
<doc id="7047437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047437" title="Prime minister of sweden">
Prime minister of sweden



</doc>
<doc id="7047441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047441" title="Billy's Dad Is a Fudge-Packer!">
Billy's Dad Is a Fudge-Packer!

Billy's Dad is a Fudge-Packer! is a 2004 American black-and-white short comedy film written and directed by Jamie Donahue in her first non-acting effort. It is a parody of the 1950s social guidance films, and depicts the life of a boy learning about adulthood in a traditional family. The apparently innocent account of family life in the 1950s is loaded with sexual innuendo. It was made by production company POWER UP.
Plot.
Billy is a boy who has to decide what he will do with his life. He can't decide between a cowboy or a policeman. His father also suggests an Indian and construction worker. All four of these are characters in the Village People. His father works at the candy factory as a "fudge packer" (which is modern slang for a man who performs homosexual anal sex) and "has several men under him". His mother is visited by a short, mannish woman who knows how to please the local housewives. His sister is preparing to be a good wife, and in almost every shot is moving a phallic object to her mouth.
Film festivals.
Film festivals in which "Billy's Dad Is a Fudge-Packer!" appeared include:
Reception.
"Apocalypse Later Film Reviews" said, It's hard for a film to live up to a title like this, but "Billy's Dad is a Fudge-Packer!" manages it with aplomb."

</doc>
<doc id="7047447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047447" title="Lesbain">
Lesbain



</doc>
<doc id="7047450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047450" title="Graham Fan Chung">
Graham Fan Chung



</doc>
<doc id="7047459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047459" title="1047 Geisha">
1047 Geisha

1047 Geisha, provisional designation , is a stony Florian asteroid from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 11 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 17 November 1924, by German astronomer Karl Reinmuth at the Heidelberg-Königstuhl State Observatory in southwest Germany. The asteroid was named after the British musical "The Geisha".
Orbit and classification.
"Geisha" is a member of the Flora family (), a giant asteroid family and the largest family of stony asteroids in the main-belt. It orbits the Sun in the inner main-belt at a distance of 1.8–2.7 AU once every 3 years and 4 months (1,225 days; semi-major axis 2.24 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.19 and an inclination of 6° with respect to the ecliptic.
The asteroid was first observed as at Heidelberg in April 1916. The body's observation arc begins with its official discovery observation in November 1924.
Physical characteristics.
In the Tholen classification, "Geisha" is stony S-type asteroid, which is also the overall spectral type for members of the Flora family.
Rotation period.
In February 2006, a rotational lightcurve of "Geisha" was obtained from photometric observations by Italian amateur astronomer Laurent Bernasconi. Lightcurve analysis gave a somewhat longer-than-average rotation period of 25.62 hours with a brightness amplitude of 0.33 magnitude ().
Diameter and albedo.
According to the survey carried out by the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, "Geisha" measures between 9.96 and 10.729 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.277 and 0.30.
The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" assumes an albedo of 0.24 – derived from 8 Flora, namesake and parent body of the Flora family – and calculates a diameter of 11.52 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 11.86.
Naming.
This minor planet was named after the British musical "The Geisha, a story of a tea house" (1896). 
The official naming citation was mentioned in "The Names of the Minor Planets" by Paul Herget in 1955 ().

</doc>
<doc id="7047476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047476" title="Arnheim, Michigan">
Arnheim, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7047485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047485" title="1048 Feodosia">
1048 Feodosia

1048 Feodosia, provisional designation , is a carbonaceous asteroid from the middle region of the asteroid belt, approximately 70 kilometers in diameter.
It was discovered on 29 November 1924, by German astronomer Karl Reinmuth at Heidelberg Observatory in southwest Germany, and named for the Crimean city of Feodosiya.
Classification and orbit.
"Feodosia" orbits the Sun in the middle main-belt at a distance of 2.2–3.2 AU once every 4 years and 6 months (1,650 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.18 and an inclination of 16° with respect to the ecliptic. The body's observation arc begins at Johannesburg, 3 years after its official discovery observation at Heidelberg. On 22 November 2005, it occulted the star as seen from Earth.
Physical characteristics.
The dark C-type asteroid is classified as a XC and Ch intermediary type in the Tholen and SMASS taxonomy, respectively.
Photometry.
In March 1985, a rotational lightcurve of "Feodosia" was obtained by European astronomer at ESO's La Silla Observatory in Chile, using the Bochum 0.61-metre Telescope during three nights. It gave a rotation period of 10.46 hours with a brightness variation of 0.14 magnitude ().
The asteroid was also observed by French amateur astronomer Pierre Antonini in January 2007, and by the Spanish "Observadores de Asteroides" (OBAS) group in February 2016. However, the obtained lightcurves were only fragmentary and gave a divergent period of 23 and 35.2 hours with and amplitude of 0.04 and 0.13 magnitude, respectively ().
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS, the Japanese Akari satellite, and NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer with its subsequent NEOWISE mission, the asteroid measures between 54.98 and 85.14 kilometers in diameter, and its surface has an albedo between 0.031 and 0.06. The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" adopts the results obtained by IRAS, that is, an albedo of 0.0452 and a diameter of 70.16 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 9.75.
Naming.
This minor planet was named for the city Feodosiya on the Crimean peninsula. The named was proposed by I. Putilin, who computed the body's orbital elements.

</doc>
<doc id="7047492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047492" title="Andrew J. McShane">
Andrew J. McShane

Andrew James McShane (January 2, 1865 – April 17, 1936) was mayor of New Orleans from 1920 to 1925.
McShane was born in New Orleans, the son of two Irish-American Catholics, Bernard McShane and Rose (Fitzpatrick) McShane. After his father died, he entered the hide business at the age of nine, working his way through the ranks as a travelling salesman before becoming the sole owner of his firm at the age of twenty-one. His business was very successful. He married Agnes Bruns of New Orleans in 1918; they had one daughter, Rosemary.
McShane was involved in New Orleans politics throughout his adult life. He was associated with the reform-oriented groups that were opposed to the machine politics of the Regular Democratic Organization, or Old Regulars. He held posts in the administrations of reform mayors Walter Flower and Paul Capdevielle. McShane ran for a city council seat in 1912 under a 'good government' platform, but lost.
In the election of 1920, McShane was the mayoral nominee of the reform-oriented Orleans Democratic Organization. The endorsement of reform governor John M. Parker helped him narrowly defeat the incumbent Old Regular mayor, Martin Behrman.
Despite the reform promises of the new administration, McShane was able to achieve very little. He and his administration were hampered by inexperience in city government and by dissension between various factions of his supporters. He was able to improve garbage collection, reform the Department of Public Works and the city's finances, and create a system of one-way streets to improve traffic flow.
McShane ran for re-election in 1925, but was soundly defeated by former mayor Martin Behrman. After his defeat, the Old Regulars would continue to control the city until 1946.
McShane Place, a block-long street connecting Rampart Street and St. Claude Avenue, was formerly named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="7047499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047499" title="List of The King of Queens episodes">
List of The King of Queens episodes

"The King of Queens" is an American television sitcom created by Michael J. Weithorn and David Litt and starring Kevin James and Leah Remini, that premiered on CBS on September 21, 1998, and ended on May 14, 2007. A total of 207 episodes were produced, spanning nine seasons.
Series overview.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Episodes.
Season 3 (2000–01).
This is the only season in which Patton Oswalt as Spence Olchin appears as a recurring character, rather than a main one.
Season 7 (2004–05).
This is the last season where Nicole Sullivan as Holly Shumpert appears as main star.

</doc>
<doc id="7047509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047509" title="1049 Gotho">
1049 Gotho

1049 Gotho, provisional designation , is a carbonaceous asteroid from the outer region of the asteroid belt, approximately 53 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 14 September 1925, by German astronomer Karl Reinmuth at Heidelberg Observatory in southwest Germany. Although the name of the asteroid is a masculine German name, it is not known to refer to a particular individual.
Orbit and classification.
"Gotho" orbits the Sun in the outer main-belt at a distance of 2.7–3.5 AU once every 5 years and 5 months (1,987 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.14 and an inclination of 15° with respect to the ecliptic. First identified as at Heidelberg in February 1906, the body's observation arc begins much later at Johannesburg in 1952, or 27 years after its official discovery observation.
Physical characteristics.
"Gotho" has been characterized as a C-type asteroid.
Lightcurves.
In April 2010, a rotational lightcurve of "Gotho" was obtained by astronomer Kenda Albers at the Oakley Southern Sky Observatory, Australia. Lightcurve analysis gave a rotation period of 8.470 hours with a brightness variation of 0.17 magnitude ().
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Japanese Akari satellite and NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer with its subsequent NEOWISE mission, "Gotho" measures between 53.56 and 56.296 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.008 and 0.045 (without preliminary results). The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" derives an albedo of 0.0469 and a diameter of 51.05 kilometers using an absolute magnitude of 10.4.
Naming.
For this minor planet, any reference of its name to a person or occurrence is unknown.
Unknown meaning.
Among the many thousands of named minor planets, "Gotho" is one of 120 asteroids, for which no official naming citation has been published. All of these low-numbered asteroids have numbers between and and were discovered between 1876 and the 1930s, predominantly by astronomers Auguste Charlois, Johann Palisa, Max Wolf and Karl Reinmuth.

</doc>
<doc id="7047512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047512" title="Strachy na Lachy">
Strachy na Lachy

Strachy Na Lachy (properly Międzymiastówka Muzykująca Strachy Na Lachy) is a Polish rock band (originally known as "Grabaż + Ktoś Tam Jeszcze" before becoming "Grabaż i Strachy Na Lachy").
Strachy Na Lachy (Empty Threats) is led by Krzysztof "Grabaż" Grabowski and Andrzej "Kozak" Kozakiewicz, who also play in the punk group Pidżama Porno. They formed Strachy Na Lachy in order to play softer music, such as rock ballads. Their first album, "Strachy Na Lachy", was released in December 2003, and a second, "Piła Tango", the title track of which became their first hit, was released at the end of 2005.
They often play in the Piwnica 21 Club in Poznań.
The artwork for the "Piła Tango" album is by the Armenian artist Vahan Bego. In 2007 Strachy na Lachy recorded a tribute album to Jacek Kaczmarski, and a year later they released their tribute to the underground Polish communist music culture, the album "Zakazane Piosenki" ("Forbidden songs").

</doc>
<doc id="7047517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047517" title="Assinins, Michigan">
Assinins, Michigan

Assinins () is a historic district consisting of several buildings that were originally a school and orphanage, located in Assinins, Michigan. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
History.
Assinins was founded in 1843 by Bishop Frederic Baraga, who came to the area at the invitation of Chief Edward Assinins. Assinins was the first person to be baptized at the site. Baraga built the Old St. Joseph Orphanage and School on the site in 1860; wings were added to the building in 1866 and 1877. After the Civil War, Baraga gave the complex's land and buildings to Chief Assinins and the Keweenaw band of the Chippewa Native Americans. The orphanage housed both Native American and European children; a larger orphanage was built on the site in 1929. In 1957, the complex was rededicated as the Sacred Heart Friary by the Capuchin Fathers as their novitiate until the late 1960s. The site was then used as the KBIC tribal Center and was later torn down.
Significance.
The complex at Assinins is one of the earliest Catholic missions in the Upper Peninsula associated with Bishop Frederic Baraga, and served as an important link for establishing rapport between the local Ottawa and Chippewa tribes and settlers arriving from the east. Baraga helped the local tribes to establish recognized self-governance, and to purchase land in their own names, establishing the tribe's members as local citizens. The site holds some of the oldest structures in the area, and Bishop Baraga wrote some of his best-known works, including a book on Chippewa grammar and a Chippewa dictionary, while staying in Assinins.
Description.
The site at Assinins originally consisted of multiple buildings, including over 15 log cabins, spread over approximately . It currently consists of a school building (now used as a warehouse) and several orphanage buildings. The largest structure is the Old St. Joseph Orphanage and School, which stands three stories tall, and is built of rubble with a dormered gable roof. Nearby is a cemetery holding the graves of missionaries Father Gerhard Terhorst, Monsignor Melchior Faust, Father John Henn, and Father Anthony Vermare.

</doc>
<doc id="7047522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047522" title="Virtual queuing">
Virtual queuing



</doc>
<doc id="7047529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047529" title="O'Byrne Cup">
O'Byrne Cup

 
The O'Byrne Cup is a Gaelic football competition organized by the Leinster GAA and first staged in 1954.
History.
The competition is named in honour of Matt Byrne (b. 14 February 1870), a former Wicklow GAA club and county officer. By virtue of a quirk in translation, the Corn Uí Bhroin became known as the O'Byrne cup even though Matt had never used an 'O' in his surname. Byrne was a native of Baltinglass and taught at the local national school. Deeply involved in GAA activities at all levels throughout his life, he was regarded as a good footballer in his youth and an excellent handballer. He was the first secretary of the Maurice Davins' club in Baltinglass and served as a member of the Wicklow County Board for over 50 years, mostly as registrar. He represented Wicklow on Leinster and Central Councils and served as President of the Irish Handball Council from 1941-44. Byrne died on 21 September 1947. 
The competition is contested by the eleven Leinster county teams (excluding Kilkenny), although Third-level College teams have taken part occasionally. The competition is, together with the Walsh Cup and Kehoe Cup, part of a Leinster GAA Series which takes place each January. The most recent O'Byrne Cup winners were Longford, who beat Dublin in the 2024 final.
The O'Byrne Shield was introduced in 2006 for teams knocked out at the first-round stage of the competition. It was later abandoned in 2013 due to the introduction of group stages in the competition, but re-introduced in 2024 when the O'Byrne Cup reverted to straight knockout format.
Recent developments.
In September 2024, GAA delegates voted to remove the O'Byrne Cup from the 2025 fixtures calendar on a one-year trial basis.
List of finals.
 "Wexford awarded title as Westmeath refused to play extra time".

</doc>
<doc id="7047530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047530" title="1050 Meta">
1050 Meta

1050 Meta, provisional designation , is a stony Eunomia asteroid from the central regions of the asteroid belt, approximately in diameter. It was discovered on 14 September 1925, by German astronomer Karl Reinmuth at the Heidelberg Observatory in southwest Germany. The meaning of the asteroids's name is unknown. The presumably S-type asteroid has a rotation period of 6.14 hours and possibly an elongated shape.
Orbit and classification.
"Meta" is a member of the Eunomia family (), a prominent family of stony S-type asteroid and the largest one in the intermediate main belt with more than 5,000 members. It orbits the Sun in the central asteroid belt at a distance of 2.2–3.1 AU once every 4 years and 3 months (1,554 days; semi-major axis of 2.63 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.18 and an inclination of 12° with respect to the ecliptic.
The body's observation arc begins with its first observation as at Heidelberg in October 1908, or 17 years prior to its official discovery observation.
Naming.
Any reference of this minor planet's name to a person or occurrence is unknown.
Unknown meaning.
Among the many thousands of named minor planets, "Meta" is one of 120 asteroids, for which no official naming citation has been published. All of these asteroids have low numbers between and and were discovered between 1876 and the 1930s, predominantly by astronomers Auguste Charlois, Johann Palisa, Max Wolf and Karl Reinmuth.
Physical characteristics.
According to the overall spectral type for members of the Eunomia family, "Meta" is an assumed S-type asteroid.
Rotation period and poles.
In October 2006, a rotational lightcurve of "Meta" was obtained from photometric observations by French amateur astronomer René Roy. Lightcurve analysis gave a well-defined rotation period of 6.142 hours with a brightness amplitude of 0.46 magnitude, indicating that the asteroid has an elongated shape ().
A modeled lightcurve using photometric data from the Lowell Photometric Database was published in 2016. It gave a concurring period of 6.14188 hours, as well as two spin axes at (60.0°, −42.0°) and (198.0°, −79.0°) in ecliptic coordinates (λ, β).
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Japanese Akari satellite and the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, "Meta" measures between 8.773 and 10.03 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.294 and 0.364.
The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" assumes an albedo of 0.21 – derived from 15 Eunomia, the namesake and parent body of the Eunomia family – and calculates a diameter of 10.53 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 12.2.

</doc>
<doc id="7047542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047542" title="BW Offshore">
BW Offshore

BW Offshore Limited is a global owner and operator of floating production storage and offloading (FPSO) vessels. The company is listed on Oslo Stock Exchange. The company has its headquarters in Singapore and Oslo, Norway but operates internationally. The largest owner is BW Group Limited with 49.3% of the shares.
The company operates vessels in Brazil, Mexico, United States, United Kingdom, Russia, Mauritania, Ivory Coast, Nigeria, Gabon, New Zealand, and Indonesia with a total of 14 FPSOs and 1 FSO.
History.
BW Offshore originates from the shipping company Bergesen d.y. ASA who delivered its first FSO Berge Sisar in 1982 which it installed and operated at the Block O field offshore Angola. In 2003 Bergesen was acquired by World-Wide Shipping and was 2005 renamed Bergesen Worldwide. In the same year the floating production part of the company was established as a separate company, Bergesen Worldwide Offshore. In 2006 the company was rebranded BW Offshore and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
In 2007, BW Offshore acquired the ownership of Advanced Production and Loading (APL), making the company its technology division. APL which is based in Arendal, Norway and is a specialist in the engineering and supply of offloading and transfer systems for ships and terminals. It has delivered loading equipment for production vessels, storage vessels and shuttle tankers in the North Sea, Africa, Asia, Oceania, Russia, Latin-America, and the USA. In 2006, APL ventured into FPSO contracting by establishing Nexus Floating Production that consequently also became controlled by BW Offshore. In 2010, BW Offshore sold APL to National Oilwell Varco.
In 2010, BW Offshore Limited completed the acquisition of remaining 76.12% stake in Prosafe Production Public Ltd. Prior to the transaction, BW Offshore Limited owned 23.88% and hence, completed the 100% acquisition of Prosafe Production.
Presence and Units.
As of December 31, 2013, BW Offshore owned a fleet of 14 FPSOs, 1 FSO and 1 FPSO conversion candidate (Blue Opal). It also operates 2 FPSOs owned by oil companies.
In May 2014, BW Offshore was selected by Premier Oil to execute the engineering, procurement, construction, installation and operation of a new built FPSO for its Catcher field in the UK North Sea.
On 28 Aug 2017, Premier Oil's Catcher FPSO left the Keppel Shipyard in Singapore for the Catcher field in the UK North Sea. The BW Offshore vessel was expected to reach its final destination in the final quarter of 2017, for a seven-year fixed term contract with Premier Oil 

</doc>
<doc id="7047546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047546" title="Andy Piercy">
Andy Piercy

Andy Piercy is a British singer-songwriter who came to prominence in the gospel beat acoustic duo Ishmael and Andy, together with Ian Smale (Ishmael).
In 1974, Piercy replaced John Leach as guitarist and lead vocalist in After the Fire. He stayed with that group, later taking on bass duties, until they disbanded in 1983.
Subsequently, Piercy was record producer for many British Christian musicians, including Delirious? (their original "Cutting Edge" recordings and the album "King of Fools"), Matt Redman and Split Level.
Discography.
with Ishmael (Ian Smale) and Andy
with After the Fire
with Dave Clifton

</doc>
<doc id="7047563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047563" title="Herman, Michigan">
Herman, Michigan

Herman is an unincorporated community in L'Anse Township of Baraga County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It was established in 1901 along a branch of the Duluth, South Shore and Atlantic Railway approximately midway between Nestoria and L'Anse. A post office opened January 13, 1903, and was discontinued on December 5, 1970.
The settlement was founded by Finnish-born Herman Keranen, who had been working in the lumber camps when he bought several plots and constructed a crude log cabin. With the money he earned from lumbering, he established the largest and most productive farm in the area, which led to the community being named for him. For a number of years, the primary access to the area was via the Duluth, South Shore and Atlantic Railroad Company. A school was built in 1903, and a post office followed in 1904. The Herman Athletic Association was organized in 1912, and a farmer's cooperative association in 1919. The area boasted at least one store and one mercantile business.
On December 19, 1996, the town received the single largest snowfall in Michigan history, with falling in the single day.
Other early residents included Matt Anderson, Gust Kontio, Erkki Kayramo, Nels Majhannu, Jacob Kuusisto, Henry Pasanen, Joseph Pekkala and Eli Korpi.

</doc>
<doc id="7047577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047577" title="1051 Merope">
1051 Merope

1051 Merope is a dark Alauda asteroid from the outermost region of the asteroid belt, approximately in diameter. It was discovered on 16 September 1925, by German astronomer Karl Reinmuth at the Heidelberg-Königstuhl State Observatory in Heidelberg, Germany, and given the provisional designation . Reinmuth named it after the nymph Merope from Greek mythology. The asteroid has a rotation period of 27.2 hours.
Orbit and classification.
"Merope" is a member of the Alauda family (), a large family of carbonaceous asteroids and named after its parent body, 702 Alauda.
It orbits the Sun in the outermost asteroid belt at a distance of 2.9–3.5 AU once every 5 years and 9 months (2,105 days; semi-major axis of 3.21 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.10 and an inclination of 24° with respect to the ecliptic.
The asteroid was first observed as at Taunton Observatory in October 1908. The body's observation arc begins at Heidelberg in October 1925, or three weeks after its official discovery observation.
Physical characteristics.
"Merope" has been characterized as a primitive P-type asteroid by the Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer (WISE), and as a common carbonaceous C-type asteroid by Pan-STARRS photometric survey.
Rotation period.
In March 2009, a rotational lightcurve of "Merope" was obtained from photometric observations by astronomers at the Oakley Southern Sky Observatory in Australia. Lightcurve analysis gave a rotation period of 27.2 hours with a brightness variation of 0.20 magnitude (). In October 2012, astronomers at the Palomar Transient Factory in California measured a period 13.717 hours with an amplitude of 0.11 magnitude in the R-band (), which seems to be an alternative period solution (1:2 alias) of what the Australian astronomers had previously measured. Previous observations by Gino Farroni and by Federico Manzini from 2004 and 2005, respectively, have been provisional and of poor quality ().
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS, the Japanese Akari satellite and the NEOWISE mission of NASA's WISE telescope, "Merope" measures between 60.439 and 74.36 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.03 and 0.053.
The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" derives an albedo of 0.0358 and a diameter of 67.11 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 10.1.
Naming.
This minor planet was named after the nymph Merope from Greek mythology. She is one of the seven Pleiades, daughters of the Titan Atlas and the sea-nymph Pleione (). The star Merope in the Pleiades star cluster is named for the same.

</doc>
<doc id="7047579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047579" title="Type 42 Destroyer">
Type 42 Destroyer



</doc>
<doc id="7047580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047580" title="Charles Paul Alexander">
Charles Paul Alexander

Charles Paul Alexander (September 25, 1889, Gloversville, New York – December 3, 1981) was an American entomologist who specialized in the Tipulidae family of craneflies.
Charles Paul Alexander was the son of Emil Alexander and Jane Alexander (née Parker). Emil (the father) immigrated to the United States in 1873 and changed his surname from Schlandensky to Alexander. Charles entered Cornell University in 1909, earning a Bachelor of Science in 1913 and a Ph.D. in 1918. Between 1917 and 1919, he was entomologist at the University of Kansas, then from 1919 to 1922, at the University of Illinois.
He then became professor of entomology at Massachusetts Agricultural College at Amherst. He studied Diptera, especially in the family Tipulidae. He described over 11,000 species and genera of flies, which translates to approximately a species description a day for his entire career.
In 1920, Alexander became a Fellow of the Entomological Society of America.
Works.
Partial list
Sources.
Anthony Musgrave (1932). Bibliography of Australian Entomology, 1775–1930, with biographical notes on authors and collectors, Royal Zoological Society of News South Wales (Sydney): viii + 380.

</doc>
<doc id="7047590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047590" title="Emmet Gowin">
Emmet Gowin

Emmet Gowin (born 1941) is an American photographer. He first gained attention in the 1970s with his intimate portraits of his wife, Edith, and her family. Later he turned his attention to the landscapes of the American West, taking aerial photographs of places that had been changed by humans or nature, including the Hanford Site, Mount St. Helens, and the Nevada Test Site. Gowin taught at Princeton University for more than 35 years.
Life and career.
Gowin was born in Danville, Virginia. His father, Emmet Sr., was a Methodist minister and his Quaker mother played the organ in church. When he was two his family moved to Chincoteague Island, where he spent much of his free time in the marshes around their home drawing animals and plant life. At about age 12 his family moved back to Danville, where Gowin. When he was 16 he saw an Ansel Adams photograph of a burnt tree with a young bud growing from the stump. This inspired him to go into the woods near his home and draw from nature. Later, he applied what he learned from his early years wandering in the woods and marshes to his photography. A student of his said "Photography, with Emmet, became the study of everything."
After graduating from high school he attended the Richmond Professional Institute (now Virginia Commonwealth University). During his first year in college he saw a catalog of the Family of Man exhibit and was particularly inspired by the works of Robert Frank and Henri Cartier-Bresson. About this same time he met his future wife, Edith Morris, who had grown up about a mile away from Gowin in Danville. They married in 1964, and she quickly became both his muse and his model. Later they had two sons, Elijah Gowin (also a photographer in his own right) and Isaac.
Some of his earliest photographic vision was inspired by Edith's large and engaging family, who allowed him to record what he called "a family freshly different from my own." He said "I wanted to pay attention to the body and personality that had agreed out of love to reveal itself." 
In 1965, Gowin attended the Rhode Island School of Design. While earning his MFA, Gowin studied under influential American photographers Harry Callahan and Aaron Siskind. Three years later he was given his first solo exhibition at the Dayton Art Institute. In 1970 his work was shown at the George Eastman House and a year later at the Museum of Modern Art. About this same time he was introduced to the photographer Frederick Sommer, who became his lifelong mentor and friend.
Gowin was invited by Peter Bunnell in 1973 to teach photography at Princeton University. Over the next 25 years he both taught new students and, by his own admission, continually learned from those he taught. At the end of each academic year he asked his students to contribute one photograph to a portfolio that was open to critique by all of the students; he intentionally included one of his own photographs as a reminder that, while a teacher, "he was just another humble student of art."
Gowin received a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1974, which allowed him to travel throughout Europe. He was also awarded a National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship in 1979 and a Pew Fellowship in the Arts in 1994.
In 1980 Gowin received a scholarship from the Seattle Arts Commission which provided funding for him to travel in Washington and the Pacific Northwest. Beginning with a trip to Mount St. Helens soon after it erupted, Gowin began taking aerial photographs. For the next twenty years, Gowin captured strip mining sites, nuclear testing fields, large-scale agricultural fields and other scars in the natural landscape.
In 1982 the Gowins were invited by Queen Noor of Jordan, who had studied with Gowin at Princeton, to photograph historic places in her country. He traveled there over the next three years and took a series of photographs of the archaeological site at Petra. The prints he made of these images were the first time he introduced photographic print toning in his work.
Gowin retired from teaching at Princeton University at the end of 2009 and lives in Pennsylvania with his wife Edith.
Style and aesthetics.
Gowin has acknowledged that the photographs of Eugene Atget, Bill Brandt, Walker Evans, Robert Frank, Alfred Stieglitz, and especially Harry Callahan and Frederick Sommer have influenced him.
Most of his early family pictures were taken with a 4×5 camera on a tripod, a situation in which he said "both the sitter and photographer look at each other, and what they both see and feel is part of the picture." These photos feel both posed and highly intimate at the same time, often capturing seemingly long and direct stares from his wife or her family members or appearing to intrude on a personal family moment. Gowin once said that "the coincidence of the many things that fit together to make a picture is singular. They occur only once. They never occur for you in quite the same way that they occur for someone else, so that in the tiny differences between them you can reemploy a model or strategy that someone else has used and still reproduce an original picture. Those things that do have a distinct life of their own strike me as being things coming to you out of life itself."
In an essay for the catalog for an exhibition of his work at Yale University, writer Terry Tempest Williams said "Emmet Gowin has captured on film the state of our creation and, conversely, the beauty of our losses. And it is full of revelations."

</doc>
<doc id="7047593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047593" title="1052 Belgica">
1052 Belgica

1052 Belgica, provisional designation , is a binary Florian asteroid from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 10 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 15 November 1925, by Belgian astronomer Eugène Delporte at Uccle Observatory in Belgium. It was the first minor planet discovered at Uccle Observatory, after which the minor planet 1276 Ucclia was named.
1052 is named after the Western European state of Belgium.
Classification and orbit.
"Belgica" is a member of the Flora family, one of the largest groups of stony asteroids in the main-belt. It orbits the Sun at a distance of 1.9–2.6 AU once every 3 years and 4 months (1,222 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.14 and an inclination of 5° with respect to the ecliptic. "Belgica" was first identified as at Heidelberg in 1908. The body's observation arc begins with its first used observation taken at Uccle/Bergedorf in 1933, or 8 years after its official discovery at Uccle.
Physical characteristics.
In both the Tholen and SMASS taxonomy, "Belgica" is classified as a common stony S-type asteroid.
Rotation period.
Between December 2012, and January 2013, photometric observations of "Belgica" were taken at several observatories in Italy, the Czech Republic, Spain and the United States by astronomers Luis Martinez, Lorenzo Franco, Andrea Ferrero, Petr Pravec, and Stefano Padovan. They gave three concurring lightcurves with a rotation period of 2.709 hours and a brightness variation of 0.08 to 0.10 magnitude, indicating a nearly spheroidal shape for the asteroid's body ().
Satellite.
The photometric observations also revealed, that "Belgica" is a binary system with an asteroid moon, approximately 36% the diameter of its primary, orbiting it every hours. Johnston's archive derives a diameter of 3.53 kilometers and estimates a semi-major axis of 34 kilometer for the moon.
Diameter and albedo.
According to the survey carried out by NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer with its subsequent NEOWISE mission, "Belgica" measures 9.78 and 10.406 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo of 0.301 and 0.273, respectively, while the "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" assumes a standard albedo for stony asteroids of 0.20 and derives a diameter of 10.94 kilometers with an absolute magnitude of 12.17. This agrees with the estimated diameter of kilometers by Franco et al.
Naming.
This minor planet was named in honor of the state of Belgium. The name "Belgica" was suggested during the height of World War I by American astronomer Joel Hastings Metcalf, but the Director of the German Astronomisches Rechen-Institut in Berlin, Fritz Cohn, rejected the proposal based on political considerations, as Belgium was occupied by German troops at the time.
In his "Dictionary of Minor Planets Names", astronomer Lutz Schmadel described this piece of history involving minor planet names in detail. Naming citation was first mentioned in "The Names of the Minor Planets" by Paul Herget in 1955 ().

</doc>
<doc id="7047606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047606" title="Fussball Club Südtirol-Alto Adige">
Fussball Club Südtirol-Alto Adige



</doc>
<doc id="7047609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047609" title="Emmet gowin">
Emmet gowin



</doc>
<doc id="7047611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047611" title="Clyde Arc">
Clyde Arc

The Clyde Arc (known locally as the Squinty Bridge) is a road bridge spanning the River Clyde in Glasgow, Scotland, connecting Finnieston near the SEC Armadillo and SEC with Pacific Quay and Glasgow Science Centre in Govan. Prominent features of the bridge are its innovative curved design, and that it crosses the river at an angle. The Arc is the first city centre traffic crossing over the river built since the Kingston Bridge was opened to traffic in 1970.
The bridge was named the "Clyde Arc" upon its official opening on 18 September 2006. It had been previously known as the "Finnieston Bridge", or the "Squinty Bridge".
Design.
The Clyde Arc was designed by Halcrow Group and built by BAM Nuttall. Glasgow City Council instigated the project in conjunction with Scottish Enterprise and the Scottish Government. Piling works for the bridge were carried out from a large floating barge on the Clyde, whilst the bridge superstructure was fabricated offsite. The bridge-deck concrete-slab units were cast at an onsite pre-casting yard. Planning permission was granted in 2003 and construction of the bridge began in May 2005. It was structurally completed in April 2006. The bridge project cost an estimated £20.3M and is designed to last 120 years.
The bridge has a main span of with two end spans of , resulting in a total span of . The design of the main span features a steel arch. The supports for the main span are located within the river with the abutments located behind the existing quay walls. The central navigation height at mean water height is .
It was officially opened on 18 September 2006 by Glasgow City Council leader Steven Purcell, although pedestrians were allowed to walk across it the previous two days as part of Glasgow's annual "Doors Open" Weekend.
The bridge connects Finnieston Street on the north bank of the river to Govan Road on the southern bank. The bridge takes four lanes of traffic, two of which are dedicated to public transport and two for private and commercial traffic. There are also pedestrian and cycle paths. The new bridge was built to provide better access to Pacific Quay and allow better access to regeneration areas on both banks of the Clyde. The bridge has been designed to cope with a possible light rapid transit system (light railway scheme) or even a tram system.
The bridge is the first part of several development projects planned to regenerate Glasgow. The £40M Tradeston Bridge was also completed (a further proposed pedestrian bridge linking Springfield Quay with Lancefield Quay was not). The canting basin and Govan Graving Docks next to Pacific Quay are subject to development along with Tradeston and Laurieston. A derelict area of Dalmarnock was used as the 'athletes' village' for the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
Support hanger failure.
The bridge was closed between 14 January and 28 June 2008 due to the failure of one support hanger, and cracks found in a second.
On the night of 14 January 2008 the connecting fork on one of the bridge's 14 hangers (supporting cables that transfer the weight of the roadway to the bridge's arch) snapped; Strathclyde Police quickly closed the bridge to traffic. Robert Booth, a spokesman for Glasgow City Council said:
A detailed inspection on 24 January found a stress fracture in a second support cable stay, like the one which had failed previously. Engineers determined that all of these connectors would have to be replaced; rather than a brief closure the bridge would have to remain closed for six months. In addition traffic on the river below was also halted. In March Nuttall began installing five temporary saddle frames atop the bridge's arch; these allowed the weight of the bridge to be supported without the hangers. This allowed them to replace defective fork connectors at the top and bottom of each hanger.
The bridge recommenced on 28 June 2008 with just two of its four lanes in use, having had all the cast steel connectors replaced with milled steel connectors. Once reopened, Glasgow City Council estimated that 6,500 crossings will be made every day using the bridge.
New Civil Engineer reported subcontractor Watson Steel Structures was suing Macalloy, the supplier of the failed connectors, for £1.8 million. Watson alleged components obtained from Macalloy did not meet British Standards or their own specifications; parts were inadequately manufactured, and did not tally with test certificates provided by the firm. Macalloy denied the claim and countered Watson Steel Structures Ltd had only specified minimum yield stress for the components.

</doc>
<doc id="7047615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047615" title="Pelkie, Michigan">
Pelkie, Michigan

Pelkie is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Baraga County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The CDP had a population of 51 at the 2020 census, which ranks it the second-least populated CDP in the state of Michigan. The community is located along the Sturgeon River in the northeast portion of Baraga Township.
History.
Pelkie was settled by French Canadians in about 1885, and was first known as "King's Landing" and was renamed Pelkie after an early settler, William Pelkie. Finns who settled there initially called the place Kyrö, after the place they came from in Finland; however, Kyro Location is now regarded as a distinct town from Pelkie. The name became Kuro after a railroad was built through the area. Because many Finns settled in the area, the Finnish name Pelkinen has been suggested as the original. However, the name actually was derived from a former French-Canadian settler. It was a station on the Mineral Range Railroad, and a post office was established on April 30, 1903. The Pelkie ZIP code 49958 serves areas in the north and northwest of Baraga Township in Baraga County, as well as an area of northeast Laird Township, southwest Elm River Township, and southern Portage Township in Houghton County.
Historic sites.
The Historic Pelkie Grade School museum, constructed in 1909, is the only one-room schoolhouse still standing in Baraga County, and is listed on the State Register of Historic Sites on June 10, 1980. The building was used as a school until 1932, then as a town hall, and underwent restoration beginning in 1979. The museum also houses a horse-drawn school bus.
Today, Pelkie is home to the Baraga County Fair, which is held every year on the second weekend in August. The community's primary economic activity is dairy farming, and most of the milk is shipped to processors in Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="7047617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047617" title="Jamie Armstrong">
Jamie Armstrong



</doc>
<doc id="7047627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047627" title="Cartoonito (UK and Ireland)">
Cartoonito (UK and Ireland)

Cartoonito is a British pay television channel which targets children between the ages of 3 and 6. It is run by Warner Bros. Discovery under its International division. Unlike Cartoon Network and Boomerang, Cartoonito doesn't have a +1 timeshift in the UK. The channel is available in high definition on Sky Stream and Virgin Media.
History.
Launch as a strand on Cartoon Network Too (2006–2007).
On 14 August 2006, Turner Broadcasting System Europe announced they would launch a new pre-school-oriented strand for Cartoon Network Too known as Cartoonito, which would launch on 4 September, running from 6:00AM to 3:00PM.
Relaunch as a full channel (2007–2017).
On 2 May 2007, Turner announced that they would expand Cartoonito to a full-time network on 24 May 2007. This allowed Cartoon Network Too to merge and replace Toonami, allowing the full Cartoonito channel to launch in the ex-Cartoon Network Too slot. 
On 24 May 2007, at 3:00 AM, Cartoonito launched as a standalone channel on Sky channel 619, just after the old version of Cartoon Network Too closed at 7:00PM the previous day. The channel was broadcast from 3:00AM until 7:00PM and originally timeshared with Turner Classic Movies 2 (later became Turner Classic Movies +1 after 13 August 2013).
On 28 August 2009, it was announced that a Cartoonito block would air on Boomerang from 9:00am-10:30am on school-term weekdays beginning in September. The block aimed to introduce the Cartoonito brand to viewers who had never seen the programmes the channel offered.
On 1 March 2010, it was announced that Cartoonito would be added to Virgin Media by April, and was added as such on 25 March. For the launch, the channel's broadcast hours was changed by one hour, from 3:00AM until 7:00PM to 4:00AM until 8:00PM.
On 26 October 2013, Cartoonito was launched on BT TV, and Cartoonito launched on Plusnet in May 2015. On 15 December 2016, Cartoonito was added to TalkTalk.
Introduction of 24 hour broadcasting and 2018 UK rebrand (2017–2022).
Cartoonito shifted its aspect ratio to 16:9 widescreen on 1 November 2017. The channel moved to a full 24 hour schedule on 15 January 2018. On 2 March 2018, the channel was announced for a rebrand with an updated website. The logo remained the same, with the only difference being that the eyes were changed from purple to black.
2022 UK rebrand and strand relaunch on Cartoon Network (2022–present).
On 1 February 2022, the channel rebranded with the new 2021 logo and bumpers. Following the rebrand, a Cartoonito strand launched on its sister channel Cartoon Network, airing weekdays from 9:00AM until 10:00AM (was briefly extend to end at 11:00AM from Spring until the Summer of 2022).
On 1 October 2023, the channel transitioned to utilising the same style of promos as Discovery's free-to-air channels, although it remains a pay network.
On 27 September 2024, an HD simulcast of the channel launched on Virgin Media alongside Boomerang HD, replacing the SD feed on the service.

</doc>
<doc id="7047628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047628" title="Evangelical Lutheran Church in Oldenburg">
Evangelical Lutheran Church in Oldenburg

The Evangelical Lutheran Church in Oldenburg () is a Lutheran church in the German state of Lower Saxony.
The seat of the church leaders is in Oldenburg, as is the preaching venue of its bishop at St Lamberti Church. The Evangelical Lutheran Church in Oldenburg is a regional church (German: Landeskirche) and a full member of the Protestant Church in Germany (EKD). As one of just two regional churches in the EKD, the church is only a guest member of the United Evangelical Lutheran Church of Germany (VELKD) and the Union of Evangelical Churches (UEK). The church is also a full member of the Community of Protestant Churches in Europe and the Lutheran World Federation. The church has 390,072 members (2020) in 123 parishes, with approximately 260 pastors (men and women). It is the largest Protestant denomination in the area of the former state of Oldenburg.
History.
The Lutheran Reformation came to the County of Oldenburg beginning in 1527. Until the German Revolution in 1918, the church was a state church and the monarch was the acting bishop (summus episcopus, or supreme governor) of the church. In 1922 the Church in Oldenburg counted 291,000 parishioners.
Practices.
Ordination of women and blessing of same-sex marriages were allowed.
Leadership of the church.
The Evangelical Lutheran Church in Oldenburg has four leading authorities: the synod, the bishop, the superior church council (Oberkirchenrat), and the common church committee.
Synod.
The synod is the highest leading authority in the Church. The election of the 60 members (two-thirds laypersons and one-third clerics) of the synod is for six years.

</doc>
<doc id="7047631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047631" title="Football Club Bolzano Bozen 1996">
Football Club Bolzano Bozen 1996



</doc>
<doc id="7047647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047647" title="Douglas Aaron Ramsey">
Douglas Aaron Ramsey



</doc>
<doc id="7047648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047648" title="Ndongo">
Ndongo



</doc>
<doc id="7047650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047650" title="Ruellia brevicaulis">
Ruellia brevicaulis

Ruellia brevicaulis is a species of flowering plant native to Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay. It is native to the Cerrado vegetation of Brazil.
Plants of the World Online considers the species unplaced, under the name "Dipteracanthus brevicaulis".

</doc>
<doc id="7047656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047656" title="James Lew">
James Lew

James Jene Fae Lew (born September 6, 1952) is an American martial artist, stuntman, and actor. He has made 80 on-screen film and television appearances and 46 more as a stunt coordinator or stunt double. He won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Stunt Coordination for his work on the series "Luke Cage".
Biography.
Of Chinese descent, Lew was born James Jene Fae Lew on September 6, 1952 in Escalon, California and raised in South Los Angeles. He began studying martial arts at the age of 14, when he began taking classes in Tang Soo Do and Choy Li Fut. He is practiced in Bak Mei Pai and Five Animals kung fu, Tae Kwon Do, Jeet Kune Do, Hapkido, boxing, and submission grappling. In the 1970s, he co-founded Sil Lung Kung Fu demo team with Al Leong and Douglas Lim Wong, and won several championships in martial arts forms.
An early role for Lew was as a guard in the John Cassavetes 1976 film, "The Killing of a Chinese Bookie".
Lew had a role in "Killpoint", an action film directed by Frank Harris and starring Leo Fong, Richard Roundtree, Cameron Mitchell and Stack Pierce.
In 2017, he acted in the sci-fi film "", directed by Mark Steven Grove and starring Casper Van Dien, Cynthia Rothrock, Sara Salazar, and Tyler Weaver Jr.
Personal life.
Lew was married to Pamela Gidley from 2005 until their divorce in 2008. Lew married Jordanna Alex Potter (née Glaskin) in 2014. He is the stepfather of actor Ryan Potter, who portrayes Gar Logan/Beast Boy on the HBO Max series Titans.

</doc>
<doc id="7047660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047660" title="Airports of Montenegro">
Airports of Montenegro



</doc>
<doc id="7047664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047664" title="Tales from the Expat Harem">
Tales from the Expat Harem

Tales from the Expat Harem: Foreign Women in Modern Turkey () is a nonfiction anthology by 32 expatriate women about their lives in modern Turkey, published by Seal Press in North America (2006, ) and Doğan Kitap in Turkey (2005, Turkish edition, English edition).
Edited by Anastasia M. Ashman and Jennifer Eaton Gökmen, two American writers based in Istanbul, it was an English language #1 national bestseller in Turkey in January 2006. Its Turkish edition, , contains a foreword written by the Turkish novelist Elif Shafak.
In May 2008, the book and its editors were featured on NBC's "Today", on its occasional travel segment "Where in the World is Matt Lauer?."

</doc>
<doc id="7047668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047668" title="Camino Records">
Camino Records



</doc>
<doc id="7047672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047672" title="Ndongo Kingdom">
Ndongo Kingdom



</doc>
<doc id="7047674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047674" title="Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicles">
Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicles



</doc>
<doc id="7047690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047690" title="Irish Parliamentry Party">
Irish Parliamentry Party



</doc>
<doc id="7047691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047691" title="Komeley Jiyanewey Kurd">
Komeley Jiyanewey Kurd



</doc>
<doc id="7047696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047696" title="Sergei Yakovlev (cyclist)">
Sergei Yakovlev (cyclist)

Sergei Yakovlev, (, born April 21, 1976, in Temirtau, Karaganda Region, Soviet Union, now Kazakhstan) is a Kazakhstani (ethnic Russian) professional road bicycle racer. He is currently without a team. He turned professional in 1999 and rode for Besson Chaussures for two seasons, then Acqua &amp; Sapone and then he moved to Team Telekom which became T-Mobile. After fellow Kazakhstani Alexander Vinokourov left T-Mobile at the end of 2005, Yakovlev went with him to Liberty Seguros-Würth team and then the Astana cycling team. Yakovlev's victories include being the national champion of Kazakhstan in 2000, the 2000 edition of the Tour de l'Ain and a stage in the Tour de Suisse.

</doc>
<doc id="7047700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047700" title="Bembix rostrata">
Bembix rostrata

Bembix rostrata is a species of sand wasp native to Central Europe. The genus "Bembix" - of which "B. rostrata" is among the most distinctive species - has over 340 species worldwide and is found mostly in warm regions with open, sandy soils; Australia and Africa have a particularly rich variety of species.
Distribution.
"Bembix rostrata" ranges in distribution from Europe and the Mediterranean to Central Asia, and as far north as Denmark and Sweden. 
Characteristics.
"Bembix rostrata" displays distinctive behaviour in front of its nest, digging its burrows with fast, synchronised movements of its forelegs. In addition, the insect can turn very rapidly about its own axis, the flapping of its wings as it does this producing a buzzing sound reminiscent of a gyroscope. Its size (), striking yellow and black-striped abdomen and the labrum, extended into a narrow beak, are distinctive features.
Life History.
"Bembix rostrata" goes through 4 general life stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Adult females burrow nests into the sand and lay their eggs there. Once the eggs hatch, the new larvae continue their development in the nests that they were born in. Each individual grub develops in its own burrow, this reduces competition for development space and necessary nutrients. Adult B. "rostrata" gather prey and bring the food back for the developing grubs to feed on. When the young reach the pupal stage, females dig another nest to lay more eggs.
Behaviour.
"Bembix rostrata" forms colonies between a dozen and several hundred insects, where the females each construct a tube up to long containing a single brood cell. This is stocked with dozens of insects, predominantly large flies (Tabanidae, Syrphidae), which provide the larva with food for its two-week development to the imago stage. The female carefully re-seals the nest tube after each feeding. Because of this intensive maternal care, a female can raise at most only eight larvae during the high summer. "B. rostata" is very faithful to its nest sites, often nesting in the same places year-on-year, even if these change over time and alternative habitats are available.
The species has become rare due to loss of large open-sand surfaces in warm areas, such as in the sand dunes of the upper Rhine Graben. It is also the host for several parasitoids in families such as Bombyliidae, Conopidae, and Mutillidae. A cuckoo wasp which specialises in "B. rostrata" is "Parnopes grandior".
The behaviour of "B. rostrata" led the famous naturalist Jean-Henri Fabre to conduct intensive studies of the species.

</doc>
<doc id="7047702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047702" title="Wesley's Chapel">
Wesley's Chapel

Wesley's Chapel (originally the City Road Chapel) is a Methodist church situated in the St Luke's area in the south of the London Borough of Islington. Opened in 1778, it was built under the direction of John Wesley, the founder of the Methodist movement. The site is a place of worship and visitor attraction, incorporating the Museum of Methodism in its crypt and John Wesley's House next to the chapel. The chapel has been called "The Mother Church of World Methodism".
Along with the associated Leysian Mission, Wesley's Chapel is a circuit of the London District of the Methodist Church. the chapel had an average service attendance of about 320 worshippers. the circuit membership is 447.
History and architecture.
In 1776 Methodist leader John Wesley applied to the City of London for a site to build his new chapel and was granted an area of land on City Road. After raising funds from across the Connexion the foundation stone for the chapel was laid on 21 April 1777. The architect was George Dance the Younger, surveyor to the City of London, and the builder was Samuel Tooth, a member of Wesley's Foundery society. The chapel was formally opened with a service on 1 November 1778. The City Road Chapel was established to replace Wesley's earlier London chapel, the Foundery, where he first preached on 11 November 1739.
Wesley's Chapel is constructed in brown brick laid in Flemish bond with dressings of yellow brick and stone. The building has Grade I listed status and is a fine example of Georgian architecture, although it has been altered and improved since it was built. For example, the original plain windows were replaced with stained glass over the course of the 19th century. In 1864, the gallery was modernised, its front lowered and raked seating installed. Around the gallery is motif in relief supposedly designed by Wesley: a dove with an olive branch in its beak encircled by a serpent following its own tail. The Adam style ceiling was replaced by a replica following a fire in 1879.
Another major refurbishment of 1891 was carried out by Holloway Brothers, collaborating with the Methodist architects Elijah Hoole and William Willmer Pocock. (There is a memorial stained glass window dedicated to Pocock.) The foundations were reinforced, the apse windows were enlarged to accommodate the stained glass, and new pews were installed. The pillars supporting the gallery were originally ships' masts donated by King George III, but these were replaced by French jasper pillars donated from Methodist churches overseas. Only the top section of the original three-decker pulpit survives. An organ was installed in 1882 and the present organ in 1891; it was electrified in 1905 and in 1938 its pipes were moved to their present position at the rear of the gallery.
The location of the sanctuary (including the original communion table against the wall) in an apse behind the pulpit was common in the 'auditory' churches of the 18th century, but few other examples survive today. The present sanctuary in front of the pulpit dates from restoration work in the 1970s. Among other alterations, the foundations were again strengthened due to subsistence and the roof was replaced. The chapel was officially reopened on 1 November 1978, by Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. The present communion rail was gifted in 1993 by former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, who was married in the chapel in 1951.
The chapel has always been served by two or more ministers, and local preachers lead services on occasion. The first woman to preach in Wesley's Chapel was Agnes Elizabeth Slack, in 1926.
The site.
The chapel is set within a cobbled courtyard off City Road, with the chapel at the furthest end and Wesley's house on the right.
John Wesley's House.
John Wesley's House, a mid-Georgian townhouse, was built in 1779 at the same time as the chapel. It was Wesley's residence for the last eleven years of his life. He is commemorated by a blue plaque on the City Road frontage. This Grade I listed building is open to visitors as a historic house museum. It was built by Wesley and designed by George Dance the younger, at that time the surveyor of the City of London.
Wesley lived in the house for the last twelve years of his life and died in his bedroom. The house was also used to accommodate travelling preachers and their families. The household servants also lived on the premises. The house continued to be used for travelling preachers after Wesley's death until it was turned into a museum in the 1900s.
In the dining room his Chamber Horse is set up which he used for exercise; on display in the study is his electric machine which was used for the treatment of illness.
Courtyard, gardens and cemetery.
At the front of Wesley's House is a small physic garden which contains herbs mentioned in Wesley's book, "The Primitive Physic". It details ways in which common people could cure themselves using natural medicines as they couldn't afford a doctor.
Wesley died on 2 March 1791. His tomb is in the garden at the rear of the chapel alongside the graves of six of his preachers, and those of his sister Martha Hall and his doctor and biographer, Dr John Whitehead. 
A memorial to Susanna Wesley, Wesley's mother, stands just inside the gate to the front courtyard.
A bronze statue of Wesley with the inscription "the world is my parish" stands at the entrance to the courtyard; created in 1891 by John Adams-Acton, the sculpture is Grade II listed. Elijah Hoole was responsible for the 10-foot high granite pedestal on which the statue stands.
Victorian lavatory.
The site also houses one of the few surviving examples of gentlemen's toilets built by the sanitary engineer Thomas Crapper in 1891.
The Leysian Mission.
In 1886 former pupils of The Leys School, Cambridge founded a mission in nearby Whitecross Street. The aim was to improve the lives of the impoverished inhabitants of this part of the East End of London. In 1904 the mission moved to a new site in Old Street, very near Wesley's Chapel. It provided medical facilities, legal advice, financial and dietary assistance, as well as religious services and musical events. After World War II the mission sold the buildings and merged with Wesley's Chapel in 1989.
The chapel today.
The chapel is home to a multicultural congregation with a membership of 447. It is a working church with daily prayer, Sunday Holy Communion services and several weekday services. It is known for its relatively "high church" sacramental liturgy. The superintendent minister is Canon Jennifer Smith. Wesley's Chapel is in an ecumenical partnership with the Anglican St Giles' Cripplegate parish church, Jewin Welsh Presbyterian Chapel, and St Joseph's Roman Catholic Church. It shares a close relationship with the Friends meeting house at Bunhill Fields.
Museum of Methodism.
The Museum of Methodism, housed in the chapel's crypt, contains artefacts and relics relating to Methodism, including several of Wesley's speeches and essays on theology, the "warmed heart" "contemplative space", Thomas Coke's writing slope or desk and Donald Soper's portable preaching stand. The museum was created in 1978 and was refurbished in 2014, with the last case being installed in early 2016 thanks to a donation.

</doc>
<doc id="7047705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047705" title="Billy Mallett">
Billy Mallett



</doc>
<doc id="7047708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047708" title="Stateside">
Stateside

Stateside may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7047711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047711" title="Pavlos Karakostas">
Pavlos Karakostas

Pavlos Karakostas (Παύλος Καρακώστας, 1937–2002) was a Greek author from Perdikaki Valtou (Acarnania - Greece). He was a qualified teacher and served as a School Master and later as a School Adviser in Athens. He also studied political sciences at the Panteion University.
He served as well in many other positions of public interest(Head of the department for the foreign schools in the Ministry of Education 'especially colleges', general secretary of a committee of a certain Greek party for educational reforms, president of a teachers' association etc.).
Literature.
He published many articles of educational and other interest. He was also author of three books:

</doc>
<doc id="7047721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047721" title="Exeption (song)">
Exeption (song)



</doc>
<doc id="7047727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047727" title="Matamba Kingdom">
Matamba Kingdom



</doc>
<doc id="7047743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047743" title="Relax-Fuenlabrada">
Relax-Fuenlabrada



</doc>
<doc id="7047753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047753" title="Martin Prado">
Martin Prado



</doc>
<doc id="7047757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047757" title="Forbes Celebrity 100">
Forbes Celebrity 100

Celebrity 100 was an annual list compiled and published by "Forbes" magazine from 1999 to 2020, preceded by the "Forbes" Top 40 entertainers list. Until 2014, the rankings were made based on a complex combination of factors, including earnings, social media following, magazine covers and a range of qualitative metrics, with the aim of "measuring power". Since 2015, "Forbes" had solely factored pretax earnings (from June of the previous year through June of the publishing year), before deducting fees for managers, lawyers and agents.
Celebrity 100 lists.
Below is the top 10 for each year since the list's inception.

</doc>
<doc id="7047759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047759" title="Matamba">
Matamba



</doc>
<doc id="7047761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047761" title="Fulmer (disambiguation)">
Fulmer (disambiguation)

Fulmer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7047763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047763" title="Bway">
Bway



</doc>
<doc id="7047767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047767" title="Here I Go Again (Mandaryna song)">
Here I Go Again (Mandaryna song)



</doc>
<doc id="7047774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047774" title="Enthusiasts">
Enthusiasts



</doc>
<doc id="7047775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047775" title="Championnat de France de la Montagne">
Championnat de France de la Montagne

The French hill climb championship, or Championnat de France de la Montagne started in 1967 and rapidly became one of the continent's most competitive national series. For much of its history, the leading cars have been from Formula 2 (later Formula 3000 from 1985) or 2-litre sports cars. Some F1 cars were seen in the 1960s and occasionally in the 1970s (for example Daniel Rouveyran's March 721G in 1973) and Hervé Bayard also tried a Formula 5000 car in the early 1970s.
Marces Tarrès won the championship 10 times between 1982 and 1992. Nicolas Schatz holds the record for most consecutives titles: 7, between 2010 and 2016.
The best known champion outside of France is Guy Fréquelin. Other well known rally drivers were regular participants, such as Jean Vinatier, Gérard Larrousse, Jean-Luc Thérier or Jean-François Mas. Several French Formula One drivers have taken part in the championship too, such as Robert Manzon, Maurice Trintignant, Jean Behra, Jean-Pierre Beltoise, François Cevert or Jean-Pierre Jabouille.
Three French hill climb champions have also won the European championship: Robert "Jimmy" Mieusset (1973 and 1974), Jean-Marie Alméras (1978, 1979 and 1980), and Lional Régal (2008).

</doc>
<doc id="7047781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047781" title="Grown">
Grown



</doc>
<doc id="7047785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047785" title="Man in the box">
Man in the box



</doc>
<doc id="7047788" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047788" title="World Literature Today">
World Literature Today

World Literature Today (WLT) is an American magazine of international literature and culture, published at the University of Oklahoma. The magazine's stated goal is to publish international essays, poetry, fiction, interviews, and book reviews for a non-academic audience. It was founded under the name Books Abroad in 1927 by Roy Temple House, a professor at the University of Oklahoma. In January 1977, the journal assumed its present name, "World Literature Today".
History.
The first issue of "World Literature Today" ("WLT") was published in 1927 and was 32 pages in length. By the magazine's fiftieth year, the issues were more than 250 pages long. In 2006, "WLT" switched from a quarterly to a bimonthly publication.
House served as editor from 1927 until his retirement in 1949. Todd Downing, a Choctaw author and former student of House's, worked for the publication in varying capacities between 1928 and 1934. House was succeeded as editor by the German critic and novelist Ernst Erich Noth, who went on to edit the journal for ten years. During his tenure, Noth narrowed the scope of the publication to writers of the 20th century and focused on reviewing only books that had been published no more than two years earlier. He also introduced a new feature, "Periodicals in Review" (sometimes appearing as "Periodicals at Large"), which surveyed the policies and initiatives of several literary journals from Europe, the Americas, and throughout the world.
Viennese scholar Wolfgang Bernard Fleischmann directed "WLT" for about two years beginning in 1959. In 1961, Fleischmann was succeeded by Czech émigré Robert Vlach, a professor of modern languages at the University of Oklahoma. Vlach established a new review section in the journal devoted to Slavic languages. He also initiated the "Books Abroad" symposia, which took place at the annual convention of the Modern Language Association. After Vlach's death in 1966, former Assistant Editor Bernice Duncan briefly served as editor until Ivar Ivask assumed the role in 1967. In 1977, the name of the magazine was changed from "Books Abroad" to "World Literature Today".
Robert Con Davis-Undiano, Professor of English at the University of Oklahoma, became the editor of "WLT" in 1999.
Sponsored prizes and festivals.
"World Literature Today" sponsors the biennial Neustadt International Prize for Literature, the NSK Neustadt Prize for Children's Literature, and the annual Puterbaugh Festival of International Literature and Culture.
Nobel Prize connection.
Since the founding of "World Literature Today", the magazine's editors have encouraged debate about the annual presentation of the Nobel Prize in Literature. In 1940, the publication hosted a "Super-Nobel" election in which contributors and other specialists were invited to choose the writer they felt had offered the most significant contribution to world literature in the first third of the 20th century, regardless of whether that writer had won the Nobel Prize. The award went to Thomas Mann, who won the Nobel Prize in 1929 and was a frequent contributor to "World Literature Today".
In 1948, "WLT" founding editor Roy Temple House was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. When the South Central Modern Language Association held its annual meeting in Norman, Oklahoma, in October that year, the association formally endorsed Professor House for the prize.
The Spring 1981 issue of "WLT" was devoted entirely to the presentation of the members of the Swedish academy, many of whom were successful creative writers in their own right. In 1951, the Nobel Foundation chose the University of Oklahoma Press to issue the first English-language edition of its authoritative volume, entitled "Nobel: The Man and His Prizes". Also, the often-synchronistic relationship between the Neustadt Prize, once described by "The New York Times" as the "Oklahoma 'Nobel (February 1982), and the Nobel Prize itself is demonstrated in the number of convergences. Between 1970 and 2016, a total of 32 writers affiliated with the Neustadt Prize (as jurors, candidates, or winners) went on to receive the Nobel after their association with the Neustadt, including Tomas Tranströmer, who was the 1990 Neustadt laureate and 2011 Nobel laureate.
Recent history.
In late 2000, the editors worked with 40 scholars to establish a list of the "Most Important Works in World Literature, 1927–2001", a project organized and timed to help celebrate "WLT"s 75th year of uninterrupted publication. The top-40 list was chosen by specialists with the non-specialist in mind, to invite response and debate among readers and writers.
In addition, a forum for readers' correspondence was also initiated in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="7047802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047802" title="A.C. Clarke">
A.C. Clarke



</doc>
<doc id="7047805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047805" title="AlphaGraphics">
AlphaGraphics

AlphaGraphics is a franchise network of more than 270 independently owned and operated marketing service providers with full-service print shops.
AlphaGraphics business centers are franchised by AlphaGraphics, Inc., part of the Fortidia group of companies, a part of the overall global transition of inflating revenue in order to position the global holding company for a private equity transition.
History.
AlphaGraphics was founded by Rodger Ford in Tucson, Arizona, in 1969, and began franchising in 1979.
In 1985, the company became the first desktop publishing retailer. By the late 1980s, AlphaGraphics became the first U.S.-based printing franchise to expand internationally. 
The company was purchased by the Pindar Group in 2001 and moved its headquarters to Salt Lake City, Utah. As of August 15, 2014, Art Coley stepped down as President. Gay Burke became Interim President and Executive Chairman of the Board. After the bankruptcy of the Pindar Group in 2011, the company was sold in 2014 to Western Capital Resources Inc.; since 2010, Blackstreet Capital has held a controlling interest in Western Capital Resources Inc. 
In October 2017, Fortidia acquired AlphaGraphics from Western Capital Resources. 
As of November 2018, the company has moved their corporate headquarters to Denver, Colorado. 
Today, the AlphaGraphics network is composed of more than 270 owner-operated business centers in the United States, Brazil, China, Hong Kong, Saudi Arabia, and the United Kingdom. Franchisees employee approximately 3,900 employees worldwide, while AlphaGraphics, Inc., the corporate franchisor, employs approximately 45.
According to FranchiseGator.com, purchasing an AlphaGraphics franchise requires a total investment of between $240K and $375K. Financial assistance, training, and support are available.
AlphaGraphics regularly promotes the brand as a growing model, but there are very few scenarios where those without print industry and manufacturing production experience succeed despite what is sold to prospective investors.
Recognition.
In August 2018, AlphaGraphics was ranked 60th in the Printing News' Top 100 Quick and Small Commercial Printers list.
In December 2019, AlphaGraphics was recognized by Franchise Business Review for exceptionally high franchisee satisfaction ratings.

</doc>
<doc id="7047812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047812" title="Alpha Graphics">
Alpha Graphics



</doc>
<doc id="7047819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047819" title="Thrudvang">
Thrudvang



</doc>
<doc id="7047827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047827" title="Jeremy Marre">
Jeremy Marre

Jeremy Marre (7 October 1943 – 15 March 2020) was an English television director, writer and producer who founded Harcourt Films and made films around the world. Much of his work focused on musical subjects.
His reputation was made with the "Beats of the Heart" series, which introduced elements of what is now called world music, and its performers, to the Western world. "Rhythms of Resistance", a film in the series, was where Paul Simon first saw Ladysmith Black Mambazo, who played a prominent role on Simon’s Graceland album. "The New York Times" said of "Beats of the Heart": "It can make your jaw drop regularly with astonishment." He has run director courses for the National Film and Television School, sat on the advisory boards for the British Library Sound Archive and the Arts Council of England, has broadcast widely on BBC radio, has written for "The Times", "New York Post" and "The Independent".
There have been retrospectives of his music films at the Florence Film Festival and on Channel 4.
In 2016, Marre was the first recipient of a new lifetime achievement award bestowed jointly by Arizona State University and Arizona Humanities.
Biography.
Marre grew up and was educated in London. He read law and began training as a lawyer, before studying film at the Slade School and the Royal College of Art. He was married with two sons.
Career.
In 1986, "the New York Times" wrote: “Somehow, the director Jeremy Marre manages to document musical events that most outsiders wouldn't even hear about, much less be allowed to attend.”
Marre's most recent completed work is a profile of Count Basie in 2019.
In 2018, he directed , first shown on BBC4. In his review for The Arts Desk, Mark Kidel wrote of the film: "Jeremy Marre has consistently been making first-class music documentaries since the 1970’s: he knows how to tell a story, and allows enough space for the music to speak for itself." Before that, Marre made Marc Bolan, "Cosmic Dancer", for BBC to mark the 40th anniversary of the singer's death. The film is described by the Sunday Times as "fascinatingly ambiguous" and premiered in the UK on Friday 15 September 2017.
Marre's previous film was the feature-length documentary, "The Heart of Country" a history of the Nashville music scene. In 2013, he produced and directed "Key to the Highway", telling the story of Blues legend Big Bill Broonzy with interviews from Keith Richards, Ray Davies and Pete Seeger.
"Youssou N'Dour: Voice of Africa" was first shown on BBC Four on Friday 30 August 2013. Before that, "Otis Redding: Soul Ambassador" was the first documentary on the life of the soul singer Otis Redding.
Marre also made "Angels and Demons: the Carlos Santana Story", a feature-length biography based around an intimate interview with Santana.
In 2011 he was responsible for the BBC's acclaimed "Reggae Britannia", a history of reggae music in the UK, premiered in February 2011. The film won the UNESCO Award for best feature documentary at the Jamaica Reggae Festival 2011, jointly with "Fire in Babylon".
On the death of Malcolm McLaren in 2010, Marre's tribute show was broadcast on BBC2. He has also produced the series "Latin Music USA", a transatlantic co-production about the history of Latin American music and its influence on popular music in general.
Other highlights of his work in the last decade include directing a documentary on the American prison gang The Aryan Brotherhood; acting as series producer of the BBC Music series "Soul Britannia" examining the history and influence of soul music in Britain; writing and directing "Marvin Gaye: What's Going On?", a biography for the PBS series "American Masters" and BBC; and "The Real Phil Spector", a one-hour biography of the reclusive music producer recently found guilty of murder, for Channel 4.
Previously, Marre has worked with James Brown on "Soul Survivor – The James Brown Story", a 90-minute biography featuring extended interviews, rehearsal, and performance by James Brown, also featuring Little Richard, Chuck D and Dan Aykroyd.
His award-winning documentary "Ladyboys", was shown on Channel 4 and abroad. His 90-minute movie "Rebel Music" about the life of Bob Marley earned him a Grammy Award nomination (Bob Marley's first), as well as winning the CINE Golden Eagle prize.
Earlier work included the BAFTA nominated (2002) opening one-hour film for the BBC series "Walk on By"; an eight-hour Channel 4 series "Chasing Rainbows", a part-dramatised story of British popular music and the 3-part series "Nature of Music" (Channel 4) about ritual and music around the world; "Forbidden Image", with an original score by Ravi Shankar, for ITV.
Marre collaborated with Derek Bailey on the four-part Channel 4 series about musical improvisation around the world, "On the Edge".
He has made several of the BBC series "Classic Albums", worked with Gerald Durrell on a 12-part series entitled "Ourselves and Other Animals", and written, produced and directed programmes for the South Bank Show which won the Milan Grand Prix and Golden Harp awards.
"Beats of the Heart" was his 14-hour series on world music that was networked several times on British television, accompanied by his book of the same name and 14 videos/DVDs. The films include "Roots, Rock, Reggae" (Jamaican music) and "Rhythm of Resistance" on black music as resistance to apartheid in South Africa. His work for cinema includes "Way of the Sword" and "Soul of the Samurai".
Harcourt films.
Harcourt Films is a UK-based independent television production company founded by Jeremy Marre.

</doc>
<doc id="7047830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047830" title="Retention factor">
Retention factor



</doc>
<doc id="7047844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047844" title="Yours sincerely">
Yours sincerely



</doc>
<doc id="7047853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047853" title="Mursal">
Mursal

Mursal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7047855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047855" title="Yours faithfully">
Yours faithfully



</doc>
<doc id="7047856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047856" title="National French Library">
National French Library



</doc>
<doc id="7047861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047861" title="Dashiell Robert Parr (0)">
Dashiell Robert Parr (0)



</doc>
<doc id="7047865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047865" title="Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor – Tamil">
Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor – Tamil

The Filmfare Best Supporting Actor Award is given by the "Filmfare" magazine as part of its annual Filmfare Awards South for Tamil (Kollywood) films.
The award was introduced and first given at the 50th South Filmfare Awards in 2003, with Jayaram being the first recipient.

</doc>
<doc id="7047867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047867" title="Jaffna University">
Jaffna University



</doc>
<doc id="7047870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047870" title="Paivi Aaltonen">
Paivi Aaltonen



</doc>
<doc id="7047872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047872" title="What's Up Tiger Lily?">
What's Up Tiger Lily?



</doc>
<doc id="7047875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047875" title="Ian Robertson (Gaelic footballer)">
Ian Robertson (Gaelic footballer)

Ian Robertson is a former Gaelic footballer who played for the Ballymun Kickhams club and for the Dublin county team. Robertson retired from inter-county football due to an injury in 2008 which dramatically affected his fluency of movement. He was part of the 2012 Dublin senior management team. He was a selector with the 2013 Dublin senior team.
Playing career.
Robertson's final championship appearance was in Dublin's 2004 All-Ireland quarter-final defeat to Kerry. He did appear for Dublin again but had to give up again due to injury. Robertson captained Dublin to the 1993 Leinster Minor Football Championship before losing to Galway in the All-Ireland semi-final. He also played at under-21 level in the No 9 jersey. Robertson made his championship debut under Mickey Whelan in a game against local rivals Meath in 1997. Robertson played at full-back in the game along with his club-mate at Ballymun Kickhams, Paddy Christie.

</doc>
<doc id="7047879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047879" title="Paul Mooney (cricketer)">
Paul Mooney (cricketer)

Paul John Kevin Mooney (born 15 October 1976) is a former Irish cricketer.
A member of the successful North County, Mooney is a medium-pace bowler and competent lower-order batsman. He first appeared for Ireland in 1998 against Marylebone Cricket Club at Lurgan. He is the elder brother of fellow Irish squadmate John.
Mooney has often reserved his best efforts at international level for fixtures involving more exalted opposition, most notably against Zimbabwe at Clontarf in June 2000, when he removed both Andy and Grant Flower for nought in the process of contributing 4-24 to Ireland's forlorn defence of a meagre total. Three years later, Mooney's 2-19 was a crucial component of Ireland's 10-wicket victory over the same opposition at Stormont. He also featured in Ireland's historic victory over the West Indies at the Belfast venue in June 2004, when three valuable wickets mitigated the 67 runs he conceded off his ten overs.
Mooney, a survivor of Ireland's disastrous 2001 ICC Trophy campaign in Canada (where his 4–17 against Bermuda emerged as a rare highlight of the tour), featured in all six matches at the 2005 event, which Ireland hosted. An integral member of the bowling unit which served Ireland so well, Mooney took eight wickets at 25.12 (including 3–10 against Uganda) as Ireland claimed the runners-up position and consequent qualification for the 2007 Cricket World Cup.
On 20 April 2007, after Ireland's campaign in the 2007 World Cup, where he played one match in the tournament and the team qualified for the super eights, Mooney announced his retirement from cricket at the age of 30. Looking back at his career for Ireland, he said "I have been fortunate to have represented Ireland for ten years now, and during that period I have had some of the best times and experiences of my life".
From 2008 to 2010, he was the head coach of Riccarton cricket club in Christchurch, New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="7047880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047880" title="Brimstage">
Brimstage

Brimstage () is a village and former civil parish in the Wirral district, in the county of Merseyside, England. It is in the centremost part of the Wirral Peninsula, approximately east of Heswall and south west of Bebington. Administratively, it is within the Clatterbridge Ward and is in the parliamentary constituency of Wirral South.
At the time of the 2001 census, Brimstage had a population of 100.
History.
The name Brimstage likely means "Bruna's place or riverbank"; the Old English word "stæð" meaning a river-bank, shore or landing place. 
Over time, the name has been spelt as "Brunestathe" (1260), "Brimstache" (1275), "Brunstach" (1326), "Bronstathe" (1348) and "Brynstat" (1387).
In 1288, Sir Roger de Domville is said to have 'listened for the word "Brunstath"' (an old name for Brimstage, which he held as lord) during proceedings at Chester. The Domvilles were a Cheshire family of some standing, owning land in Oxton, as well as Brimstage. The Domville family left the village when the Hulse family took residence, circa 1378.
The population has been recorded as 127 in 1801, 126 in 1851, peaking at 181 in 1901 and reducing to 135 in 1951.
There were two pubs in Brimstage, the 'Red Cat' and the 'Pig and Whistle'. The 'Red Cat' was knocked down and never rebuilt while the 'Pig and Whistle' is thought to have been the now named Rose Cottage adjacent to the Pig and Whistle field.
Geography.
Brimstage is in the central part of the Wirral Peninsula, approximately south-south-east of the Irish Sea at Leasowe Lighthouse, about east-north-east of the Dee Estuary at Gayton and about west-north-west of the River Mersey at Port Sunlight. The village is situated at an elevation of around above sea level.
Governance.
Brimstage was formerly a township in the parish of Bromborough, of the Wirral Hundred. It became a civil parish in 1866. Historically within the county of Cheshire, it was part of the Wirral Rural District between 1894 and 1933, subsequently moving within the boundaries of a jurisdiction that would become the Municipal Borough of Bebington. Further changes occurred on 1 April 1974, when local government reorganisation resulted in most of Wirral, including Brimstage, transfer from Cheshire to the newly formed county of Merseyside, the civil parish was abolished on 1 April 19741.
As of , Brimstage is within the Clatterbridge Ward of the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral. The village is represented nationally through the parliamentary constituency of Wirral South.
Landmarks.
Although the exact date of construction is unknown, Brimstage Hall is believed to have been built between the 12th century and 14th century, making it one of the oldest buildings on Merseyside.
Originally the site was enclosed by a moat and high embankment. The building's first known occupants were Sir Hugh Hulse and his wife, who were granted the right to construct a private chapel in 1398. 
Further modifications were made in during the 16th century, with a north wing added in the 19th century. The building was designated Grade I listed building in 1962.
Community.
Brimstage is a rural community centred on a small village green, consisting of Brimstage Hall, numerous farms and a small number of dwellings. The hall's courtyard hosts a vibrant retail community. The Brimstage Maze site includes a 7 acre maze, several outdoor activities for children and an indoor soft play area.
In 2006 the former dairy at Home farm was refurbished to become the home of Brimstage Brewery - Wirral's first commercial brewery since the closure of Birkenhead Brewery in the 1960s.
Brimstage, along with the neighbouring villages of Raby and Thornton Hough, are within an Area of Special Landscape Value, a protective designation to preserve the character and appearance of the area. This is part of the Wirral Unitary Development Plan.
Transport.
The village is on the A5137 Brimstage Road, to the west of junction 4 of the M53 motorway.
Bus services operating along Brimstage Road and Talbot Avenue to the west of the village, as of 2015:

</doc>
<doc id="7047883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047883" title="John Paul Jones (disambiguation)">
John Paul Jones (disambiguation)

John Paul Jones (1747–1792) was a Scottish-American naval commander during the American Revolutionary War.
John Paul Jones may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7047886" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047886" title="Planetboredom">
Planetboredom

QH2.com formerly Planetboredom.net is a website which has its roots in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Launched in the late 1990s, it was owned by Ben Lovatt.
Planetboredom.net allowed its users to submit short movies, games, pictures and view submissions from other users. The website is home to the Bored community, boredomforums.com, and is the most popular part of the website. In 2006 a point system was added which makes it possible for active members to win prizes. The site had almost 7000 registered users.
Legal issues.
PlanetBoredom vs The Church of Scientology
On May 2, 2006, fans of PlanetBoredom attended a free screening of "The Story of Book One" (a film about Dianetics) at the Toronto Church of Scientology. Armed with a camcorder, they documented the film and submitted it to Planetboredom. This was met with hostility from the Scientologists.
On May 9, 2006, they received their first email. It was from Ava Paquette, a woman with a long history of legal campaigns against the enemies of Scientology. The administrative team refused to remove the content and were contacted soon after by their web host. He too had received a threatening letter, and had decided to take down the video. There were no shortage of volunteers to resume the hosting, and the downtime was limited to around an hour.
The church threatened lawsuits, to which they replied:
"As much as I would like to comply, but Xenu’s powers are just too strong. Im afraid I don’t have the strength to do what you ask. Perhaps if you send me one of your fantastic books, I could gain the required strength to fight Lord Xenu!" 
They have yet to receive any response.
Planetboredom Network.
The creators of Planetboredom.net have opened up many websites over the years, which have come together to form the PlanetBoredom Network. Most of these websites have a small user base, and are clones of some of the functions of planetboredom.net, like the database of videos. Others, however, have a bigger user base and function autonomous of planetboredom. Amongst the most notable of these websites are Smash Our Stuff and TorontoForums. The latter is a community website for the people residing in the Greater Toronto Area.
SmashOurStuff.
PlanetBoredom's most famous production is the ongoing internet meme SmashOurStuff.com. It started in 2005 with the website SmashMyiPod.com. This website raised money via donations to purchase an iPod for the sake of destroying it right after purchase. The true purpose of this act is still unknown as it was cited as a "Social Experiment". The video was so popular, that they followed up with SmashMyXbox, SmashMyPS3, and SmashMyWii. They have already raised money for all of these items and are just awaiting the date of release.
SmashMyiPod and SmashMyXbox received a lot of media coverage (comprehensive list).
"When Apple first launched the Macintosh - its original cult product - it produced a famous 1984 Super Bowl commercial that depicted a young woman throwing a sledgehammer through a giant screen, on which a Big Brother-like face is speaking; the screen explodes, the Orwellian drones are liberated, and Apple's message to the IBM monoculture of the day came through loud and clear. We're a long way from 1984. But Victor's rubber mallet, watched by the world, should be familiar enough to make Apple squirm, just a little." The Globe and Mail
External links.
Forum thread on the debate: *PlanetBoredom vs Scientology

</doc>
<doc id="7047888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047888" title="The Glow-Worm">
The Glow-Worm

"Das Glühwürmchen", known in English as "The Glow-Worm", is a song from Paul Lincke's 1902 operetta "Lysistrata", with German lyrics by Heinz Bolten-Backers. In the operetta, it is performed as a trio with three female solo voices singing alternately and the women's chorus joining in the refrain. Rhythmically, it is in the form of a gavotte. The song, with its familiar chorus, was translated into English and became an American popular song.
History.
It was originally translated into English by Lilla Cayley Robinson, in the early 20th century, and was used in act 2 of the 1907 Broadway adaptation of the musical "The Girl Behind the Counter".
American lyricist Johnny Mercer later expanded and greatly revised Robinson's lyrics, for the 1952 recording by The Mills Brothers. His version was a hit for the Mills Brothers, and it has been performed by several others.
The tune has also been heard as an orchestral instrumental.
Lyrics.
Robinson's English-translation lyrics (circa 1905):
Johnny Mercer kept the original chorus basically intact and added three new "verses" to that same tune but did not use music from the original song's verses at all.

</doc>
<doc id="7047891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047891" title="The Glow Worm">
The Glow Worm



</doc>
<doc id="7047911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047911" title="Little Miss Sunshine (character)">
Little Miss Sunshine (character)



</doc>
<doc id="7047913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047913" title="John Lee (university principal)">
John Lee (university principal)

Reverend Dr John Lee FRSE (22 November 1779 – 2 May 1859) was a Scottish academic and polymath, and the Principal of the University of Edinburgh from 1840 to 1859. He was Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland in 1844.
Lee House in Pollock Halls of Residence is named after him.
Life.
Lee was born on 22 November 1779 at Graemeshills, Torwoodlee Mains, a farm in the parish of Stow in the Scottish Borders, the son of Helen Paterson and James Lee, a weaver. He attended school at the "luggie" in Clovenfords, his teacher was John Leyden.
In 1794, he entered the University of Edinburgh, studying medicine, and supported himself by teaching. In 1801, he graduated with an MD. After serving for a short time as a surgeon/apothecary in an army hospital service he started studying law. However, in 1804 he became amanuensis (literary assistant) to the Rev. Alexander Carlyle ("Jupiter Carlyle") in Inveresk. On his death in 1805, Carlyle who gave Lee the manuscript of his autobiography.
Lee was licensed by the Presbytery of Dalkeith as a Church of Scotland minister in 1804 but failed to find a patron. After acting for a few months as pastor of a Presbyterian chapel on Hanover Street in London he was ordained as minister of Peebles Parish church in April 1808 in place of Rev Dr William Dalgleish. In 1812 he was appointed Professor of Divinity and Ecclesiastical History at St Mary's College, St Andrews, and was there also chosen as Rector of the college. In 1820 he became Professor of Moral Philosophy in King's College, Aberdeen, but his lectures there were mostly delivered by a deputy. He continued to lecture at the University of St Andrews intending to travel regularly between the two, however, he had a change of heart following a near-fatal accident when his coach overturned en route to Aberdeen.
In 1821, Lee resigned both professorships and, aided by the granting of an honorary Doctor of Divinity from the University of St Andrews, and accepted a position as minister of the Canongate Church in Edinburgh. 
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1822, his proposer being George Forbes. He served the Society as their Literary Councillor (1823-6) and as the Vice-President (1842–1859).
In 1825 he was translated from the Canongate to Lady Yester's Church in south Edinburgh, and was appointed a chaplain in ordinary to the king in 1830. He was made Principal Clerk of the General Assembly in 1827, but unsuccessfully contested the moderatorship with Thomas Chalmers in 1832. In 1834 he became minister of the Old Kirk, one of the four churches then contained in St. Giles Cathedral, in 1837 Principal of the United College, St Andrews, and in 1840 Dean of the Chapel Royal in Stirling. In 1840, also, he was elected Principal of the University of Edinburgh. He was then living at 16 Abercromby Place in Edinburgh's second New Town a large Georgian townhouse.
When the Disruption of 1843 took place, Lee remained in the established Church of Scotland. He undertook to conduct the divinity class, and was shortly afterwards was made Professor of Divinity in succession to Thomas Chalmers, holding this office concurrently with his principalship. He was elected Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland in 1844.
Lee died in his lodgings at New College at the University of Edinburgh on 2 May 1859. He is buried in the south-west section of St Cuthberts Churchyard in Edinburgh, next to the Balfour Paul monument.
Family.
Lee was married to Rose Masson (1792-1833) daughter of Thomas Masson minister of Dunnichen north of Dundee.
Lee's children included:
In 1841 Lee married Charlotte E. Wright (d.1871).
Works.
Lee was accomplished in almost every branch of knowledge, and in Scottish literary and ecclesiastical history had very detailed information. He collected a library of twenty thousand volumes. He was caricatured by John Hill Burton in the "Book Hunter" as Archdeacon Meadows the bibliomaniac, who would buy a book of which he had several copies already, and then, not being able to find any of his copies, would have to borrow the same book from a friend for reference.
Lee's doctoral thesis was "De viribus animi in corpus agentibus". His main works were: 
Lee also edited tracts by David Fergusson for the Bannatyne Club in 1860.

</doc>
<doc id="7047918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047918" title="Adopted child">
Adopted child



</doc>
<doc id="7047920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047920" title="Adoptive parent">
Adoptive parent



</doc>
<doc id="7047921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047921" title="Little Miss Sunshine">
Little Miss Sunshine

Little Miss Sunshine is a 2006 American tragicomedy road film directed by Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris (in their directorial debut) from a screenplay written by Michael Arndt. The film stars an ensemble cast consisting of Greg Kinnear, Steve Carell, Toni Collette, Paul Dano, Abigail Breslin, and Alan Arkin, all of whom play members of a dysfunctional family taking the youngest (Breslin) to compete in a child beauty pageant. Abigail Breslin’s breakout performance in the film earned her an Academy Award nomination. The film tackles themes of family, depression, self-acceptance, and finding meaning in absurd conditions. It was produced by Big Beach Films on a budget of US$8 million. Filming began on June 6, 2005, and took place over 30 days in Arizona and Southern California.
The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 20, 2006, and its distribution rights were bought by Fox Searchlight Pictures for one of the biggest deals made in the history of the festival. The film had a limited release in the United States on July 26, 2006, and expanded to a wider release starting on August 18.
"Little Miss Sunshine" was a box office success, earning $101 million. It garnered critical praise for its performances (particularly Breslin’s and Arkin’s), as well as for its directing, screenplay and humor. It earned four nominations at the 79th Academy Awards, including Best Picture. Arndt and Arkin won Best Original Screenplay and Best Supporting Actor, respectively, and Breslin was nominated for Best Supporting Actress. It also won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Feature and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture, and received numerous other accolades.
Plot.
Sheryl Hoover is a mother of two living in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Her husband Richard is an aspiring motivational speaker and life coach. Dwayne, Sheryl's Nietzsche-reading teenage son from a previous marriage, has taken a vow of silence until he accomplishes his dream of becoming a fighter pilot. Sheryl's older brother Frank, a gay scholar of Proust, is living with the family after having attempted suicide. Richard's profane father Edwin is also living with the family after being evicted from a retirement home for snorting heroin. Olive, Richard and Sheryl's young daughter, is an aspiring beauty queen coached by Edwin.
Olive learns she has qualified for the "Little Miss Sunshine" beauty pageant being held in Redondo Beach, California, in two days. Richard, Sheryl, and Edwin want to support her, and Frank and Dwayne cannot be left alone, so the whole family attends. Due to financial constraints, they go on an road trip in their yellow Volkswagen van. Family tensions play out along the way, amidst the aging van's mechanical problems. When the van breaks down early on, the family learns that they must push it until it is moving at about before it is put into gear, at which point they have to run up to the side door and jump in. Later on, the van's horn starts honking unceasingly by itself, which leads to the family being pulled over by a state trooper.
Throughout the trip, the family suffers numerous personal setbacks and discovers their need for each other's support. Richard loses an important contract that would have jump-started his motivational business. Frank embarrassingly encounters the ex-boyfriend who, in leaving him for an academic rival, had prompted his suicide attempt. Edwin fatally overdoses on heroin. When the grief counselor refuses to let the family leave his corpse at the hospital while they go to the pageant and return later, they smuggle it into the van, almost getting caught by the police. During the final leg of the trip, Dwayne discovers he is colorblind, meaning he cannot become a pilot. This revelation prompts him to finally break his silence and shout his disdain for his family, though he apologizes after Olive calms him with a hug.
After a frantic race against the clock, with the body beginning to stink in the back, the family arrives at the pageant hotel. Sheryl prepares Olive for her performance while Richard is looking into arrangements for Edwin's body. As the pageant begins, Richard and Dwayne realize that the other contestants are slim, sexualized pre-teen girls who perform elaborate dance numbers with great panache. Knowing that the amateur Olive is certain to be humiliated, they try to talk her out of performing. Sheryl insists that they "let Olive be Olive", and Olive goes on stage.
The hitherto-unseen dance routine Edwin had taught Olive is revealed to be a striptease performed to the Rocasound remix of Rick James' "Super Freak". Olive's performance horrifies and angers most of the audience and organizers, who demand she be removed from the stage. However, before they can do so the members of the Hoover family join Olive on stage and dance alongside her to show their support.
The family is later released from the hotel's security office on the condition that Olive never enters a beauty pageant in California again. Piling into the van with the horn still honking, they happily smash through the barrier of the hotel's toll booth and begin their trip back home to Albuquerque.
Production.
Casting.
When choosing the cast for the film, directors Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris were assisted by casting directors Kim Davis and Justine Baddeley who had worked with them on previous music videos. Davis and Baddeley traveled to "every English-speaking country" to search for the actress to portray Olive Hoover, and they finally chose actress Abigail Breslin through an audition when she was six. Paul Dano was cast as Dwayne two years before production began and in preparation for portraying his character, spent a few days taking his own vow of silence.
The role of Frank, the suicidal Proust scholar, was originally written for Bill Murray, and there was also studio pressure for Robin Williams. The directing duo chose Steve Carell for the role a few months before filming began, and in an interview revealed: "When we met with Steve Carell, we didn't know he could do this based upon what he had done. But when we met with him and talked to him about the character, the tone of the movie and the way we were approaching it, he was right on the same page with us." Although known to Comedy Central viewers for many years as a correspondent on the highly rated satirical news program "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart", at the time Carell was cast for "Little Miss Sunshine", he was relatively unknown in Hollywood. Producers of the film were worried that he was not a big enough star and did not have much acting experience.
Script and development.
The script was written by Michael Arndt and was originally about an East Coast road trip from Maryland to Florida, but was shifted to a journey from New Mexico to California because of budget issues. Arndt started the script on May 23, 2000, and completed the first rough draft by May 26. He had initially planned on shooting the film himself by raising several thousand dollars and using a camcorder. Instead, he gave the screenplay to producers Ron Yerxa and Albert Berger who teamed up with Deep River Productions to find a potential director. Arndt included the character Stan Grossman (here played by Bryan Cranston) as a tribute to the film "Fargo".
The producers met directors Dayton and Faris while producing "Election" and in turn gave the script to them to read in 2001. The directors commented later on the script stating: "This film really struck a chord. We felt like it was written for us." The script was purchased from first-time screenwriter Arndt for $250,000 by Marc Turtletaub, one of the film's producers, on December 21, 2001. Yerxa and Berger remained as producers as they were responsible for finding the directors and cinematographer, assisting in the ending re-shoot, and helping bring the film to the Sundance Film Festival.
The film was pitched to several studios, and the only interested studio was Focus Features, who wanted to film it in Canada. After the studio attempted to have the film be centered on the character Richard Hoover, and Arndt disagreed, he was fired and replaced by another writer. The new writer added several scenes, including Richard's confrontation with the character who dismisses his motivational technique business. A corporate change brought in a new studio head and Arndt was rehired when the new writer left after four weeks of rewriting the script. After two years of pre-production, Focus Features dropped the film in August 2004. Marc Turtletaub paid $400,000 to Focus Features to buy back the rights to the film and for development costs. He also paid for the $8 million budget, allowing "Little Miss Sunshine" to then be filmed.
Filming.
Principal photography began on June 6, 2005. Filming took place over 30 days in Arizona and southern California, with scenes shot in keeping with the chronological order of the script. Arndt re-wrote the ending to the film six weeks before the film's release at the Sundance Film Festival, and this was filmed in December 2005. The film was dedicated to Rebecca Annitto, the niece of producer Peter Saraf and an extra in scenes set in the diner and the convenience store, who was killed in a car accident on September 14, 2005.
Volkswagen T2 Microbus.
When writing the script, Arndt chose the Volkswagen T2 Microbus to use for the road trip based on his experience with the vehicle and its practicality for filming: "I remember thinking, it's a road trip, what vehicle are you going to put them in? And [the] VW bus just seems logical, just because you have these high ceilings and these clean sight lines where you can put the camera. In the front windshield looking back and seeing everybody." Five VW Microbuses were used for the family car as some were modified for different filming techniques. Three of the vans had engines, and the two without were mounted on trailers. During pre-production, the cinematographer used a basic video camera and set it up at angles inside the van to determine the best locations to shoot from during filming. Many of the problems associated with the van that were included in the plot (a broken clutch, a stuck horn, and a detached door), were based on similar problems that writer Arndt experienced during a childhood trip that involved the same type of vehicle.
In an interview, actor Greg Kinnear jokingly described how the scenes were filmed when he was driving: "I was going like 50 miles an hour [] in this '71 VW van that doesn't have side airbags. Basically, you'd wait for this huge camera truck to come whizzing in front of us with the camera. 'Okay, go!' I mean, it was insanity; it's the most dangerous movie I've ever made." While filming the scenes in the van, the actors would at times remain in the vehicle for three or four hours a day. For scenes in which Alan Arkin's character was swearing excessively, Breslin had her headphones on and could not hear the dialogue, just like her character in the film. Only when she saw the film did she know what was being said. On July 25, 2006, Fox Searchlight Pictures invited VW bus owners to a screening at Vineland Drive-In theater in Industry, California. Over 60 of the vans were present at the screening.
Pageant.
Prior to writing the script, Arndt read in a newspaper about Arnold Schwarzenegger speaking to a group of high school students and saying "If there's one thing in this world I hate, it's losers. I despise them." As a result, Arndt developed his script lampooning the thought process: "And I thought there's something so wrong with that attitude ... I wanted to ... attack that idea that in life you're going up or you're going down ... So to a degree, a child beauty pageant is the epitome of the ultimate stupid meaningless competition people put themselves through." Co-director Jonathan Dayton also commented on the importance of the pageant to the film: "As far as the pageant goes, it was very important to us that the film not be about pageants. It's about being out of place, it's about not knowing where you're going to end up ..." All the girls acting as participants in the beauty pageant, except Abigail Breslin, were veterans of real beauty pageants. They looked the same and performed the same acts as they had in their real-life pageants. To prepare for filming, the directors attended several pageants in Southern California and met with a coordinator to learn more about the pageant process. A mother of a contestant in the film claimed that the film overplayed practices that the contestants go through: "Most pageants aren't quite like that, with shaving the girls' legs, spraying them with fake tans and putting on so much makeup."
When Focus Features initially wanted to film in Canada, the directors opposed it, believing the costs of flying all of the pageant girls and their families would be excessive. The contestants and their families instead spent two weeks filming in a hotel in Ventura with most of the equipment and costumes being provided by the contestants' parents. To make Breslin's character the "plump" figure as shown in the film, she had to wear a padded suit during filming. For Olive's final scene involving her dancing routine, Breslin spent two weeks preparing with a choreographer.
Music.
Score.
The score for "Little Miss Sunshine" was written by the Denver band DeVotchKa and composer Mychael Danna. Performed by DeVotchKa, much of the music was adapted from their pre-existing songs, such as "How It Ends", which became "The Winner Is", "The Enemy Guns" and "You Love Me" from the album "How It Ends", and "La Llorona" from "Una Volta".
Directors Dayton and Faris were introduced to DeVotchKa's music after hearing the song "You Love Me" on Los Angeles' KCRW radio station. The directors were so impressed with the music that they purchased iPods for cast members containing DeVotchKa albums. Mychael Danna was brought in to help arrange the pre-existing material and collaborate with DeVotchKa on new material for the film. The "Little Miss Sunshine" score was not eligible for Academy Award consideration due to the percentage of material derived from already written DeVotchKa songs. The DeVotchka song "Til the End of Time" received a nomination for a 2006 Satellite Award as "Best Original Song". Both DeVotchKa and Danna received 2007 Grammy nominations for their work on the soundtrack.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack reached No. 42 on the "Top Independent Albums" list and No. 24 on "Top Soundtracks" in the U.S. for 2006. It contains two songs by Sufjan Stevens ("" and "Chicago"), and songs by Tony Tisdale ("Catwalkin'") and Rick James ("Super Freak"). Two additional songs in the film that were written by Gordon Pogoda—"Let It Go" and "You've Got Me Dancing" (the latter of which he co-wrote with Barry Upton)—are featured during the pageant scenes near the end of the film. "Super Freak", the source music danced to by Olive during the pageant competition, was introduced during post-production by a suggestion from the music supervisor. Arndt's screenplay had called for Prince's song "Peach"; during filming, the ZZ Top song "Gimme All Your Lovin'" was used. For the film, "Super Freak" was remixed by record producer Sebastian Arocha Morton (known professionally as ROCAsound).
Release.
Sundance Film Festival.
Following the film's premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 20, 2006, several studios placed bids; Fox Searchlight Pictures won, offering $10.5 million, plus 10% of all the gross revenues. The deal occurred less than a day after the premiere and was one of the biggest deals made in the history of the festival. The previous year's festival had the film "Hustle &amp; Flow" receive $9 million from Paramount Classics, and in 1999, "Happy, Texas" received $10 million from Miramax Films.
Box office.
"Little Miss Sunshine" initially opened in seven theaters in the U.S. in its first week, earning $498,796. On July 29, 2006, the first Saturday after its initial limited release, "Little Miss Sunshine" earned a $20,335 per-theater average gross. It had the highest per-theater average gross of all the films shown in the United States every day for the first 21 days of its release, until being surpassed by the IMAX film "Deep Sea 3D" on August 15. In its third week of release "Little Miss Sunshine" entered the list of top ten highest grossing American films for the week. It remained in the top ten until the 11th week of release, when it dropped to 11th place. The highest position it reached was third, which occurred in its fifth week of release. The largest number of theaters the film appeared in was 1,602. Internationally, the film earned over $5 million in Australia, $3 million in Germany, $4 million in Spain, and $6 million combined in the United Kingdom, Ireland, and Malta. "Little Miss Sunshine" has had gross receipts of $59,891,098 in North America and $40,632,083 internationally for a total of $100,523,181.
Home media.
The DVD was released on December 19, 2006. It includes a dual-disc widescreen/full screen format, two commentary tracks, four alternate endings, and a music video by DeVotchKa. In its first week of release, DVD sales totaled $19,614,299 and it was the sixth-most sold DVD of the week. By September 16, 2008, gross domestic DVD sales totaled $55,516,832. Rentals of the film from its release through April 15, 2007, totalled $46.32 million. The film was released on Blu-ray on February 10, 2009. Then in 2010, it was released on a double movie DVD pack with "Juno".
Reception.
Critical response.
On Rotten Tomatoes, "Little Miss Sunshine" received a 91% positive aggregate rating, based on 218 reviews, with an average rating of 7.8/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""Little Miss Sunshine" succeeds thanks to a strong ensemble cast that includes Greg Kinnear, Steve Carell, Toni Collette, Alan Arkin, and Abigail Breslin, as well as a delightfully funny script." On Metacritic, the film holds a score of 80 out of 100, based on reviews from 36 critics, indicating "generally favorable" reviews.
Michael Medved gave "Little Miss Sunshine" four out of four, saying that "... this startling and irresistible dark comedy counts as one of the very best films of the year ..." and that directors Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris, the movie itself, and actors Alan Arkin, Abigail Breslin, and Steve Carell deserved Oscar nominations. Joel Siegel issued an 'A' rating, saying that "Orson Welles would have to come back to life for this not to make my year-end Top 10 list." Stella Papamichael of BBC News called the film "a winning blend of sophistication and silliness". "USA Today"s Claudia Puig commented on Breslin's depiction of Olive Hoover, "If Olive had been played by any other little girl, she would not have affected us as mightily as it did."
Owen Gleiberman of "Entertainment Weekly" labeled the film with a 'C' rating, calling the characters "walking, talking catalogs of screenwriter index-card data". Jim Ridley of "The Village Voice" called the movie a "rickety vehicle that travels mostly downhill" and a "Sundance clunker". Liam Lacey of "The Globe and Mail" criticized the film, stating "Though "Little Miss Sunshine" is consistently contrived in its characters' too-cute misery, the conclusion, which is genuinely outrageous and uplifting, is almost worth the hype." Anna Nimouse of "National Review" wrote that the film "is praised as a 'feel-good' film, perhaps for moviegoers who like bamboo under their fingernails. If you are miserable, then "Little Miss Sunshine" is the film for you". "Paste Magazine" named it one of the 50 Best Movies of the Decade (2000–2009), ranking it at No. 34. In 2025, it ranked number 63 on "The New York Times" list of "The 100 Best Movies of the 21st Century" and number 42 on the "Readers' Choice" edition of the list.
Roger Ebert reflected on the film's themes, writing ""Little Miss Sunshine" shows us a world in which there's a form, a brochure, a procedure, a job title, a diet, a step-by-step program, a career path, a prize, a retirement community, to quantify, sort, categorize and process every human emotion or desire. Nothing exists that cannot be compartmentalized or turned into a self-improvement mantra about 'winners and losers.'" Brian Tallerico of UGO.com also focused on the film's themes: ""Little Miss Sunshine" teaches us to embrace that middle ground, acknowledging that life may just be a beauty pageant, where we're often going to be outdone by someone prettier, smarter, or just plain luckier, but if we get up on that stage and be ourselves, everything will turn out fine."
Accolades.
"Little Miss Sunshine" was nominated for and won multiple awards from numerous film organizations and festivals. It was nominated for four Academy Awards and was awarded two at the 79th Academy Awards: Michael Arndt received "Best Original Screenplay" and Alan Arkin received "Best Supporting Actor". In addition, the AFI Awards deemed it the "Movie of the Year", while the BAFTA Awards awarded it two awards out of six nominations with "Best Screenplay" for Arndt and "Best Actor in a Supporting Role" for Arkin. The Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards, Screen Actors Guild (SAG), and Washington D.C. Area Film Critics commended the film for its ensemble cast. Then 10-year-old Abigail Breslin was nominated for several Best Supporting Actress and Breakthrough Performance awards.
The Deauville Film Festival awarded the film the "Grand Special Prize" while the Palm Springs International Film Festival awarded it the "Chairman's Vanguard Award". The Independent Spirit Awards awarded it four awards out of five nominations, including "Best Feature" and "Best Director". The film's soundtrack was nominated for "Best Compilation Soundtrack Album for Motion Picture, Television, or Other Visual Media" at the Grammy Awards, but lost to "Walk the Line". The film also had multiple nominations at the MTV Movie Awards, Satellite Awards, Chicago Film Critics Association Awards, and Golden Globe Awards, among others.
Number of producers controversy in Academy Awards.
There was some controversy concerning how many producers should receive an award from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for their work in producing the film. In 1999, the Academy decided that up to a maximum of three producers are eligible to be included in an award for a film. The rule was implemented to prevent numerous involved filmmakers to appear on stage when a film was receiving an award. The Producers Guild of America (PGA) has not set a limit of producers that can be honored for a film. In the case of "Little Miss Sunshine", there were five producers (Marc Turtletaub, Peter Saraf, Albert Berger, Ron Yerxa, and David Friendly) and the Academy did not want to include Berger and Yerxa. The two producers were responsible for finding the script, introducing the directors to the other producers, choosing the cinematographer, assisting in the re-shoot of the ending, and helping bring the film to the Sundance Film Festival. The Academy acknowledged that the two were partners in the production process, but declared that only individual producers are recognized by the Academy. Deeming the two producers' work as a collective effort, the Academy refused to consider either Berger or Yerxa for the award. Producer David Hoberman commented on the support for honoring all five producers, stating "If there are five people actually involved in producing a movie, there's no reason why someone who's made a good enough film to be nominated for an Academy Award should be precluded from being rewarded for the work they did." Film producer and author Lynda Obst who was affiliated with an Academy Award producer committee, also commented: "By and large, five people don't make a movie. If this is an exception, then it's a sad situation. But you don't destroy a rule for an exception."
The PGA had previously honored all five of the producers. Albert Berger, reacting to the Academy's decision while at a panel for the film, stated "No matter what the Academy decided, we produced this movie." In June 2007, the Academy announced that they would allow exceptions for films that had more than three producers in the future, stating, "The committee has the right, in what it determines to be a rare and extraordinary circumstance, to name any additional qualified producer as a nominee."
Stage musical adaptation.
A musical based on the film, with music and lyrics by William Finn and book and direction by James Lapine, was workshopped at the Sundance Institute Theatre Lab at White Oak in Yulee, Florida October 25 through November 7, 2009. It then premiered at the La Jolla Playhouse from February 15 through March 27, 2011. The cast features Hunter Foster, Malcolm Gets, Georgi James, Dick Latessa, Jennifer Laura Thompson, and Taylor Trensch.
On March 11, 2011, Gets left the show. Ensemble member Andrew Samonsky took over the role of Uncle Frank, and understudy Ryan Wagner took over the role of Joshua Rose until the show closed on March 27, 2011. The musical premiered at Second Stage Theatre on October 15, 2013 (previews), and officially on November 14, 2013. The production closed on December 15, 2013. The cast features Hannah Rose Nordberg as Olive Hoover, Stephanie J. Block as Sheryl Hoover, Rory O'Malley as Frank Ginsberg, Wesley Taylor as Joshua Rose, Josh Lamon as Buddy, David Rasche as Grandpa Hoover, Jennifer Sanchez as Miss California and Logan Rowland as Dwayne Hoover.

</doc>
<doc id="7047924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047924" title="Tracy Perkins">
Tracy Perkins



</doc>
<doc id="7047926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047926" title="Thomas Chittum">
Thomas Chittum



</doc>
<doc id="7047930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047930" title="Westhoughton (UK Parliament constituency)">
Westhoughton (UK Parliament constituency)

Westhoughton was a parliamentary constituency in Lancashire, England. Centred on the former mining and cotton town of Westhoughton, it returned one Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The constituency was created for the 1885 general election, and abolished for the 1983 general election.
History and boundaries.
1885–1918.
The Redistribution of Seats Act 1885 divided the existing constituency of South East Lancashire into eight single-member seats. The new seat of South-East Lancashire, Westhoughton Division comprised an area surrounding, but not including, the County Borough of Bolton. It consisted of the towns of Aspull, Blackrod, Horwich, Little Lever, and Westhoughton, and the surrounding townships of Anglezarke, Bradshaw, Breightmet, Darcy Lever, Edgworth, Entwistle, Great Lever, Harwood, Heaton, Longworth, Lostock, Middle Hulton, Over Hulton, Quarlton and Rivington, plus Turton Urban District, and the parts of Rumworth, Sharples and Tonge with Haulgh outside the Parliamentary Borough of Bolton.
1918–1950.
The Representation of the People Act 1918 reorganised parliamentary seats throughout Great Britain and Ireland. Constituencies were redefined in terms of the urban and rural districts created by the Local Government Act 1894. Lancashire, Westhoughton Division consisted of five adjoining urban districts: Aspull, Blackrod, Hindley, Horwich and Westhoughton.
1950–1983.
The next redrawing of English constituencies was effected by the Representation of the People Act 1948. The Act introduced the term "county constituency". Westhoughton County Constituency was enlarged by the addition of Standish with Langtree Urban District and Wigan Rural District. The revised boundaries were first used at the 1950 general election, and were unchanged until abolition.
Abolition.
The 1983 redistribution of seats reflected local government reforms made in 1974. The bulk of the seat became part of the parliamentary county of Greater Manchester: Blackrod, Horwich and Westhoughton formed part of the new Bolton West county constituency, Aspull and Standish part of Wigan borough constituency and Hindley was included in Leigh borough constituency. Some parishes in the north of the old constituency remained in Lancashire, and were included in Chorley county constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="7047932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047932" title="George Baird (minister)">
George Baird (minister)

George Husband Baird FRSE FSAScot (13 July 1761 – 14 January 1840) was a Scottish minister, educational reformer, linguist and the Principal of the University of Edinburgh from 1793 to 1840. In 1800 he served as Moderator of the Church of Scotland General Assembly.
Early life.
Baird was born in 1761 at Inveravon Farm in the parish of Bo'ness in West Lothian. His father, James Baird, a landowner in Stirlingshire, at that time rented this farm from the Duke of Hamilton. Baird attended the parish school in Bo'ness, before being sent to the grammar school at Linlithgow. At age 12, Baird entered Edinburgh University as a student in humanities (Latin and Greek). There he made some independent linguistic researches, with James Finlayson and Josiah Walker.
To pay for his university studies he became tutor to the family of Colonel Blair of Blair in 1784. He was licensed to preach as a Church of Scotland minister in 1786 by the Presbytery of Linlithgow. He graduated MA from Edinburgh University in March 1787 aged 25.
Career.
Baird was ordained minister of Dunkeld in April 1787, soon after his graduation. In 1789 he declined an offer of Lady Yester's Church in Edinburgh but accepted the offer of New Greyfriars, Edinburgh in 1792 (with Rev John Erskine in the linked church of Old Greyfriars). In the same year he became Joint Professor of Hebrew and Semitic Languages in University of Edinburgh. In 1793, aged 33, he was appointed Principal of the University, and served in this role until 1840.
In 1799 he translated from Greyfriars to the New (West) Kirk in St Giles.
His election to a prominent position was said to be a result of the influence of his father-in-law, Thomas Elder of Forneth, the Lord Provost of Edinburgh, whose eldest daughter had married Baird some years previously. It is reputed to have been jocularly said that Baird's chief claim to the Principalship was as "Husband" of the Lord Provost's daughter. Nevertheless, Baird held the Principalship for the long period of 47 years. The number of students at the University increased from 1,000 to 2,000 while he held this position and the Old College buildings were completed. In 1810, before these new buildings were built, it was reported that 24 professors shared 11 rooms and two professors had to teach by candlelight even in the middle of the day.
In his parallel career in the ministry in 1801 Baird moved from New (West) Parish to the High Kirk parish still within St Giles (it contained four parishes at this time).
In 1800, Baird was elected as Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland. Baird was the founder and first convenor of the Highlands and Islands committee of the General Assembly. While on this committee he got the General assembly to agree to his project to educate the poor people in the highlands and islands of Scotland - in particular the Celts.
Later years.
Towards the close of his life, Baird put much effort into a scheme for the education of the poor in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland. He submitted his proposals to the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland in May 1824. Next year the Assembly gave its sanction to the scheme, and it was launched.
Through his influence Andrew Bell, of Madras, bequeathed £5000 for education in the Highlands of Scotland.
Baird was also known as a correspondent of the Scottish poet Robert Burns.
After his wife Isabella's death, Baird lived with his daughter Marion and son-in-law Isaac Bayley (1797-1873) at 13 Regent Terrace (note - the Post Office Directory states 12 Regent Terrace), Edinburgh from 1827. He died there in 1840, and is buried a short distance from the house, at New Calton Cemetery.
A memorial also exists near his family property at Manuel near Linlithgow, in Muiravonside Churchyard.
Family.
In August 1792 he married Isabella Elder eldest daughter of Thomas Elder the Lord Provost of the city. They had children:

</doc>
<doc id="7047933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047933" title="Elizabeth Austin (writer)">
Elizabeth Austin (writer)

Elizabeth Austin (born 1958) is an American writer living in Oak Park, Illinois. Austin has lived in the Midwestern United States all her life. She began her journalism career at the now-defunct City News Bureau of Chicago and has written articles for national news magazines such as "Newsweek" and "Time", in addition to a wide range of other national and regional publications, such as "People", and the "Chicago Tribune". She has also written for "The Washington Monthly, Ladies Home Journal, Good Housekeeping, Self", and "Shape". She has often written about medicine and health care. Austin also has been heard on WBEZ, the National Public Radio station in Chicago, as well as the BBC in the UK and Scotland. She has appeared on the Today Show and on ITV in Europe.
Austin was co-author of a syndicated Knight-Ridder column, leaving that job in 2004 to join the staff of Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich, and went on to serve as Communications Director for Illinois Lt. Governor Pat Quinn. After serving a year as Vice President for Corporate Communications at Playboy Enterprises, she returned to Illinois state government as Communications Director for the Governor's Office of Management and Budget. She later served as Communications Director for Governor Quinn's 2010 primary campaign.
She has stated “I believe in a God who is the Way, the Life and the Truth. Deliberately misleading others—even in fun—smacks of heresy.” She said this in an article complaining about some Wikipedia editors’ cleaning up unflattering references to themselves, or vandalizing articles about others in jest, sometimes called "Wikiality". However, this was one line from one article out of the thousands that she has written throughout her career, and should not be considered as her life philosophy or even as the most salient quote from her body of work.
Austin won the 1996 National Mental Health Association Award for Best Magazine Journalism.
She is an Episcopalian and has written about religious issues. 
She has been a Girl Scout leader.

</doc>
<doc id="7047941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047941" title="Scout mccloud">
Scout mccloud



</doc>
<doc id="7047943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047943" title="Scott mccloud">
Scott mccloud



</doc>
<doc id="7047953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047953" title="Jonathan Kirsch">
Jonathan Kirsch

Jonathan Kirsch is an American attorney, writer, and columnist for the "Los Angeles Times". He is an author of books on religion, the Bible, and Judaism.
Biography.
Life.
Kirsch earned a B.A. degree in Russian and Jewish history from the University of California, Santa Cruz and a J.D. degree from Loyola Marymount University School of Law. He serves as adjunct professor on the faculty of New York University’s Professional Publishing Institute and has contributed to "Newsweek", "The New Republic", "Los Angeles" magazine, and "Publishers Weekly" among other publications. He is also the author of ten books, and a critic.
His son, Adam Kirsch, is an American poet and literary critic.

</doc>
<doc id="7047957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047957" title="The Right To Read">
The Right To Read



</doc>
<doc id="7047960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047960" title="Bellsburg, Tennessee">
Bellsburg, Tennessee

Bellsburg is an unincorporated community in Dickson County, in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It lies along State Route 49.
History.
A post office was established as Bellsburgh in 1849, renamed Bellsburg in 1893, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1905. The origin of the name is disputed. Some hold the community was named for Shadrach Bell, an area pioneer, while others believe it was named for Montgomery Bell, who may have played a role in its development.

</doc>
<doc id="7047965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047965" title="Þruð">
Þruð



</doc>
<doc id="7047968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047968" title="Sanggai Chanu">
Sanggai Chanu

Sanggai Ibemhal Chanu Maimom (born 3 January 1981 in Bashikong, near Imphal, Manipur) is a female field hockey player from India, who made her international debut for her native country in April 1998 in a friendly against Germany (0–2). She played as a midfielder or as a centre forward. At the 2001 World Cup Qualifier she was named "Young Player of the Tournament".

</doc>
<doc id="7047969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047969" title="Yusuf ibn Abd al-Barr">
Yusuf ibn Abd al-Barr



</doc>
<doc id="7047971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047971" title="7 seals">
7 seals



</doc>
<doc id="7047974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047974" title="BW Gas">
BW Gas

BW Gas (), previously known as Bergesen Worldwide Gas, is the world's largest gas shipping company and is part of the Bergesen Worldwide Group. The company has 98 gas carriers with a total of transporting liquefied natural gas (LNG) and liquefied petroleum gases (propane and butane). The company has its headquarters in Oslo, Norway and is listed on Oslo Stock Exchange.
History.
Bergesen Worldwide started as Bergesen d.y. when it was founded by Sigval Bergesen d.y. in 1935. He built up a major tanking fleet and left the business to his grandchildren Petter C.G. Sundt and Morten Sig. Bergesen in 1976 and the company changed from primarily a tanker to a gas carrier operator. The company grew in the gas sector throughout the 1980s and 1990s. In 2003 Bergesen was merged with World-Wide Shipping and became Bergesen Worldwide. The merger resulted in Bergesen Worldwide Gas to become demerged and listed on Oslo Stock Exchange in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="7047975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047975" title="Cool for Cats">
Cool for Cats

Cool for Cats may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7047978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047978" title="Newfoundland Company">
Newfoundland Company



</doc>
<doc id="7047980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047980" title="Robert Boyd (university principal)">
Robert Boyd (university principal)

Robert Boyd of Trochrig (1578–1627) was a Scottish theological writer, teacher and poet. He studied at the University of Edinburgh and after attending lectures by Robert Rollock, prosecuted his studies in France, and became a minister in the French Church. All accounts represent him as a most accomplished scholar. A friend said of him, with perhaps some exaggeration, that he was more eloquent in French than in his native tongue; and Livingstone tells us that he spoke Latin with perfect fluency, but that he had heard him say, if he had his choice, he would rather express himself in Greek than in any other language. The Church of Boyd's adoption, which had given Andrew Melville a chair in one university, and Sharp a chair in another, was not slow to do 
honour to their brilliant countryman. He was made a professor in the protestant Academy of Saumur; and there 
for some years he taught theology. He was persuaded, however, in 1614 to come home and accept the Principalship of the Glasgow University. Though he was far from extreme in his Presbyterianism, he was found to be less tractable than the king and his advisers expected, and was obliged to resign his office. But he was long enough in Glasgow to leave the impress of himself on some of the young men destined to distinction in the Church in after years.
He was Principal of the University of Glasgow from 1615 to 1621 and the University of Edinburgh from 1622 to 1623. He was expelled from these positions due to his opposition to the 1618 Five Articles of Perth and died in Edinburgh on 15 January 1627.
Personal life.
Robert Boyd was the eldest son of Margaret Chalmers and James Boyd of Trochrig, Archbishop of Glasgow and Chancellor of the University of Glasgow from 1572-1581. He was a great-grandson of Robert Boyd, 1st Lord Boyd and connected to the Cassilis family, later the Marquesses of Ailsa.
When Robert was three, his father died and Margaret took him and his brother Thomas to live on an estate in Ayrshire, variously spelled Trochrig, Trochridge, and Trochorege. The two sons, Robert and Thomas, received their early education at Ayr Grammar School. From there Robert proceeded to Edinburgh University and graduated M.A. in 1595. During his time in Edinburgh his elder brother Thomas died, leaving him heir to the family estate.
In 1591 Margaret and her family were kidnapped by Hew Kennedy of Girvanmains and imprisoned for a while in Dalquharran Castle. Robert studied theology at the University of Edinburgh, where he was taught by the Presbyterian Robert Rollock and graduated in 1594.
He went to France and taught at Tours. He later became Professor of Philosophy (Arts) at Montauban, 1599-1604 and subsequently minister at Verteuil, 1604-6. He was translated to Saumur in 1606 becoming Professor of 
Divinity there in 1608.
He married at Saumur, May 1611, Anna, daughter of Sir Patrick Maliverne of Viniola, knight and they had children — Robert; John of Trochrig; Anne; Margaret and Janet. Only 2 children survived, John and Lucretia; after his death in 1627, she married George Sibbald, a long-time friend. She died sometime before 14 December 1654.
King James VI saw to it that he was appointed Principal of Glasgow University and he took up the post in January 1615. He was elected to Greyfriars' Parish, Edinburgh, 18 October 1622, with the Principalship of Edinburgh University in conjunction. He was demitted in 1623. He moved to Paisley and was admitted on 1 January 1626. He demitted in August that year, having been assaulted.
He retired to Trochrig, and died in Edinburgh (where he had gone for medical advice) of a malignant growth in the throat, 5 January 1627.
Career.
The Reformation in Scotland created a national Church of Scotland or kirk that was Calvinist in doctrine and Presbyterian in structure. Many Scots studied or taught in French Huguenot universities and in May 1597, Boyd did the same; he spent most of the next three years in Bordeaux and Thouars, until he was offered the position of Professor of Philosophy at the university of Montauban in 1600.
He still wanted to preach and in 1604 became minister for the Reformed Church in Verteuil-sur-Charente; however, his scholastic reputation was such he was persuaded in 1605 to accept a position as Professor of Philosophy at the Academy of Saumur, then Professor of Divinity in 1608. Saumur was the centre of Amyraldism, a distinctive form of Calvinism taught by Moses Amyraut but inspired by John Cameron (1580–1625), a Scot from Glasgow.
This was a period of intense conflict over religion; the 1562-1598 French Wars of Religion caused around three million deaths from war and disease, surpassed only by those of the 1618-1648 Thirty Years' War, one of the most destructive conflicts in recorded history, with an estimated eight million, mostly inhabitants of the Holy Roman Empire. In Britain, similar arguments over religious practices would ultimately lead to the 1638-1652 Wars of the Three Kingdoms.
James VI, the son of Mary Queen of Scots was brought up in Stirling under the tutelage of George Buchanan. Like most Scots, James was a Calvinist but he favoured rule by bishops or Episcopalian governance as a means of control; when he also became King of England in 1603, creating a unified Church of Scotland and England was the first step towards a centralised, Unionist state. 
However, the Church of England was very different from the kirk in both governance and doctrine and even Scottish bishops viewed many English practices as essentially Catholic.
Despite his father being an archbishop, Boyd was opposed to any form of Episcopalianism; in 1610, he visited Scotland and in a letter dated 12 July to a colleague in France, wrote that James' decision "to establish the Episcopall hierarchy throu all his countreys (sic)" would "...force in Popery, Atheisime, ignorance and impiety." Although friends and relatives urged him to return to Scotland, Boyd decided to remain in France but in 1614, James asked him to become Principal at the University of Glasgow and he felt obliged to accept.
Shortly after his arrival in Glasgow, religious tensions were raised by the public execution on 10 March 1615 of the Jesuit convert, John Ogilvie. Ogilvie, who was ostensibly tried for treachery, was of particular concern since he came from an upper class, Calvinist Scots family and studied at the Protestant University of Helmstedt before his conversion.
His execution fed into the debate over James' proposed reforms or the Five Articles of Perth, which reflected long-standing divisions over the Scottish Reformation. The article which caused the greatest objection was kneeling during the Eucharist, which some viewed as idolatry. Even those who did not argued Olgivie's case showed the danger of conversion to Catholicism, even for the educated devout.
In 1618, the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland reluctantly approved the Articles but Boyd was one of those who opposed them and they were widely resented. In March 1620, John Fergushill and 48 other ministers were summoned to appear before the Scottish High Commission, an ecclesiastical court of bishops and sympathetic ministers established to enforce the Articles. The accused were found guilty but all denied the authority of the Court to discipline them; Fergushill was a long-standing family connection whom Boyd had mentored since 1604 and he wrote a letter to the Court on his behalf, urging clemency. 
This made Boyd an obvious target and in 1621, he was forced to resign from Glasgow University; in October 1622, he was offered the position of Principal at Edinburgh University and Minister at Greyfriars Kirk. Both appointments were blocked by James; Edinburgh was the most important outlet in Scotland for public information and the kirk there was under huge pressure to appoint only ministers willing to conform.
At the time of the previous minister's resignation, the Earl of Abercorn was absent from Paisley, and for some time Mr. Boyd, though strongly urged thereto by Lord Ross of Hawkhead and others, hesitated to allow himself to be appointed minister of the town. He was related to the Abercorns, and some years previously had been a frequent visitor at the Place of Paisley, but was far from sure as to how his acceptance of the appointment would be taken by the Earl and his mother, Marion Boyd, the Dowager Countess, who had recently become a Catholic. Her son Claud Hamilton, with some others, broke into Boyd's house, throwing his books and household contents into the street. Later, when Boyd was leaving, "the rascally women of the town not only upbraided Mr. Robert with opprobrious speeches, and shouted and hoyed him, but likewise cast stones and dirt at him." The Privy Council had these outrages before them, but nothing was done except to exact a pledge from the Abercorn family to offer no further hindrance to the minister. There were calls to summon several of the women before Presbytery but nothing came of it. Shaken by this and suffering from ill-health, Boyd retired once more to Trochrig; he died in January 1627 while visiting Edinburgh.
Works.
Boyd's major work was an elaborate 'Commentary on the Epistle to the Ephesians', not published until 1652 and described as a theological thesaurus. His Latin poem "Hecatombe ad Christum Salvatorem" was included by Sir John Scot of Scotstarvet in his "Delicias Poetarum Scotorum", reprinted at Edinburgh by Robert Sibbald, nephew of Dr. George Sibbald, who later married his widow Ann.
Walker says that Boyd's great work is his Commentary on the Epistle to the Ephesians. He says that as a work it is of stupendous size and stupendous learning. There is more in it than in the four quarto tomes of Turretin. Its apparatus criticus is something enormous. The Greek and Latin Fathers; the writers of the dark ages; the Protestant and Romish theologians of his own time; Justin and Irenaeus; Tertullian and Cyprian; Clement and Origen; Augustine and Jerome; Gregory Nyssen and Gregory Nazianzen; Anselm, and Bonaventure, and Bernard; Calvin and Rollock; Bellarmine and Pighius, — are all at hand to render aid or to receive replies. In one sense, Boyd on the Ephesians is a commentary, that is to say, the author discusses the meaning of every verse and clause, and does so well. But much more properly it might be called a theological thesaurus. You have a separate discussion of almost every important theological topic. The Trinity, the Incarnation, Original Sin, Baptism, Arianism, Ubiquitarianism, the Nature and Extent of Redemption, are all fully handled. There is a treatise on Predestination which alone would make a considerable volume. One can only regret that a selection of these separate essays or discussions was not published, rather than the huge indiscriminate mass, which has led to the calamitous result of a great divine being buried under his own erudition.
Reid's Works of Robert Boyd of Trochrigg:
Bibliography.
Reid's Bibliography for the Life of Boyd 
&lt;br&gt;Scott's bibliography:

</doc>
<doc id="7047983" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047983" title="Roy McKay (baseball)">
Roy McKay (baseball)

Roy Alexander McKay (August 1, 1933 – December 25, 1995) was a Canadian baseball player.
Early life.
McKay was born on August 1, 1933, in London, Ontario.
Playing career.
He signed with the Detroit Tigers organization in 1952 after spending much of his youth at Labatt Park, including a stint as batboy for the Ontario Baseball Association champions, the 1945 London Majors of the Intercounty Baseball League.
In 1953 and 1955, McKay pitched in Douglas, Georgia, United States, and Idaho Falls, Idaho, before returning to his hometown to play for the Intercounty League's London Majors where he was named the league's most valuable pitcher in 1957. In 1958, McKay's best Intercounty season as a hurler, he had a 2.79 ERA and topped the circuit in hitting batters with pitches at 16.
Off the field, McKay was a specifications writer at General Motors Ltd., Diesel Division.
Managerial career.
McKay managed London's senior Intercounty team from 1969 to 1972, 1974–1976 and 1981–1982, winning the Intercounty title in 1969 and 1975. The Majors also won the pennant race (atop the regular season standings) in 1964, 1965, 1968, 1969, 1970 and 1975. During McKay's years as manager, he was named an Intercounty League all-star four times—1970, 1975, 1976 and 1982.
From 1982 until mid-1995, McKay was a coach with the London Majors, owned by McKay's friend Arden Eddie.
Roy McKay Clubhouse.
On August 1, 1996, the 1937 clubhouse of the London Majors (a City of London-owned designated heritage property under the "Ontario Heritage Act" as of 1996) was officially renamed the Roy McKay Clubhouse (prior to a London Majors' game), with a commemorative boulder and plaque placed in front of the historic structure with the help of the London Majors, the Intercounty Baseball League and the Friends of Labatt Park. A large portion of the game's proceeds were donated to the Canadian Spinal Research Organization..
"I would like to be remembered for being a devoted son and brother, a loving husband, a great father and a damn good friend."—Roy McKay, 1933-1995 
Roy McKay's son, Alex, played for the London Majors at second base for many years in the 1980s and 1990s and also managed the team in 1996.
There is a crimson king maple tree planted by the McKay family just inside the front gates of Labatt Park that is a memorial tree to Roy McKay (with a plaque at its base) and McKay's uniform (jersey #16) has been retired by the London Majors.

</doc>
<doc id="7047987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047987" title="Thiago Ribeiro">
Thiago Ribeiro

Thiago Ribeiro Cardoso (born 24 February 1986), known as Thiago Ribeiro, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Catanduva.
Club career.
Early career.
Born in Pontes Gestal, São Paulo state, Thiago Ribeiro started his career at Rio Branco-SP. He played in five matches for the club during his debut year, notably scoring in a 2–1 Campeonato Paulista away loss against Corinthians on 24 January 2004.
Thiago Ribeiro was loaned to Ligue 1 side Bordeaux for 2004–05 season, along with Adonis Soares Pavani in June 2004. He made his debut in the category on 28 August, coming on as a late substitute for Juan Pablo Francia in a 2–0 home win against Sochaux.
São Paulo.
On 29 July 2005 Thiago Ribeiro returned to his native state, signing for São Paulo. He made his debut for the club on 14 August, replacing Amoroso in a 3–2 home win against Fortaleza, and scored his first goal on 16 October in a 6–1 away routing of Flamengo.
On 19 November 2005, Thiago Ribeiro scored a hat-trick in a 4–2 home success over Figueirense. He was also included in the 2005 FIFA Club World Championship 23-man squad, but remained unused in both matches as his side was crowned champions.
Thiago Ribeiro was also "Tricolor's" top goalscorer in the 2006 Campeonato Paulista. However, he struggled to appear regularly during the following year and left the club.
Al Rayyan.
Thiago Ribeiro was loaned to Al Rayyan in 2007 (the club also bought half of his rights), and scored a goal in 2007 AFC Champions League.
Cruzeiro.
Thiago Ribeiro returned to Brazil on 29 August 2008, after agreeing to a five-year contract with Cruzeiro in the top tier. An investment group bought back the 50% economic rights for US$2 million for Cruzeiro.
Thiago Ribeiro made his debut for the club on 14 September 2008, starting in a 1–0 home loss against Palmeiras. His first goal came seven days later, in a 4–3 away win against Figueirense.
Thiago Ribeiro became top-scorer of 2010 Copa Libertadores with eight goals; highlights included a hat-trick in a 3–1 home win against Nacional on 30 April. On 24 October, he scored a brace in a 4–3 home loss against rivals Atlético Mineiro.
Cagliari.
Thiago Ribeiro joined Cagliari from Rentistas for €3,353,500 with option to purchases. He made his Serie A debut on 11 September, starting in a 2–1 away win against Roma; his first goal came eight days later, in a home success over Novara for the same scoreline.
On 1 February 2012, Thiago Ribeiro scored a brace in a 4–3 home win against Roma. He ended the season as a starter, contributing with five goals in 35 matches as his side managed to avoid relegation.
On 3 July 2012 Cagliari bought Thiago Ribeiro outright for another €2,120,000. Cagliari had paid Rentistas a total of €5,473,500 for him.
Santos.
On 19 July 2013, Thiago Ribeiro returned to his country by signing a four-year deal with Santos, for a fee of €3,325,000 (R$ 10.814 million plus variables). He was assigned the number 11 jersey, previously held by Neymar, as the club was among a restructuration.
Thiago Ribeiro made his debut for the club on 11 August 2013, starting and scoring the first in a 2–1 away win against Internacional. A first-team regular, he ended the year with seven goals in 24 appearances.
Thiago Ribeiro remained as an undisputed starter the following campaign, scoring braces against Corinthians (5–1 home win) and Oeste (4–1 home win) and finishing the 2014 Campeonato Paulista with six goals. In May, however, struggled with several injuries during the year, being sidelined for more than three months.
Thiago Ribeiro was transfer listed by "Peixe" in February 2015, as the club was facing serious financial problems, mainly due to his high wages.
Atlético Mineiro (loan).
On 8 April 2015, Thiago Ribeiro was loaned to fellow league team Atlético Mineiro until May 2016. He quickly established himself as a starter, finishing the 2015 season with 36 appearances and nine goals, helping Atlético finish second in the year's "Brasileirão".
In the 2016 pre-season, Thiago Ribeiro made two appearances in the Florida Cup, of which Atlético were crowned champions. He then picked up an injury and spent the next month recovering. In March, following the signings of Robinho and Hyuri, he fell down the pecking order and mutually terminated his loan contract with Atlético two months before its expiry.
Bahia (loan).
On 16 March 2016, Thiago Ribeiro was loaned to Série B club Bahia until the end of the year. He was separated from the squad in July, and later revealed that a depression issue had been affecting his performances since the end of 2014.
Return to Santos.
Returning to Santos ahead of the 2017 campaign, Thiago Ribeiro played his first match on 3 February by replacing Jonathan Copete and scoring the last in a 6–2 home routing of Linense.
Guarani FC.
Ribeiro signed with Guarani FC for the 2019 season.
Red Bull Bragantino.
On 20 April 2019 Ribeiro signed for Red Bull Bragantino until December, for the 2019 Campeonato Brasileiro Série B season.
Honours.
São Paulo
Cruzeiro
Atlético Mineiro
Bragantino
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="7047989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047989" title="Seven Seals (Primal Fear album)">
Seven Seals (Primal Fear album)



</doc>
<doc id="7047995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047995" title="Þrúð">
Þrúð



</doc>
<doc id="7047998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7047998" title="Yury Osipov">
Yury Osipov

Yury Sergeyevich Osipov (; born 7 July 1936) is a Soviet and Russian mathematician. He was elected a full member of the Academy of Sciences of the Soviet Union in 1987 and was a president of its successor, the Russian Academy of Sciences from 17 December 1991 to 29 May 2013.
Biography.
Osipov was born in Tobolsk. In 1959 he graduated from the Department of Mechanics and Mathematics of the Ural State University. His teacher was Nikolay Krasovsky, scientist and founder of the Ural scientific school in mathematical theory of control and the theory of differential games. From 1961 to 1969 he worked at the Ural State University. From 1970 to 1993 he worked at the Institute of Mathematics and Mechanics of the Ural Branch of the Academy of Sciences of the Soviet Union (later, of the Russian Academy of Sciences) in Yekaterinburg (from 1986 to 1993 he was the chief of the Institute). In 1971 he defended his second thesis and received the rank of professor in 1973. In 1984 he was elected corresponding member and in 1987, full member of the Academy of Sciences of the Soviet Union (Division of Machine Engineering, Mechanics and Control Processes Problems).
He has been the President of the Academy of Sciences of the Soviet Union and its successor, the Russian Academy of Sciences, since 1991, having been reelected in 1996, 2001 and 2006. He is also involved in the Russian government, specifically as a member of the Security Council of the Russian Federation.
Since 1993 Osipov has also served as the director of the V. A. Steklov Mathematical Institute in Moscow. He holds a concurrent appointment as a professor of the Moscow State University.

</doc>
<doc id="7048002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048002" title="Count Camillo Benso di Cavour">
Count Camillo Benso di Cavour



</doc>
<doc id="7048005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048005" title="Niceville High School">
Niceville High School

Niceville Senior High School (NHS) is a public high school in the city of Niceville, Florida. It is ranked as the top high school within its high-performing Okaloosa County School District. In 1996, NHS was selected as one of 226 secondary schools (private and public) to be designated as a Blue Ribbon School of Excellence. NHS was also named a New American High School in 1999, one of only 13 in the nation to earn that honor that year. The State of Florida Department of Education rated the school an A+ in 2001, 2002, 2003, and 2005.
The current location of NHS on John Sims Parkway was not the original site of the school, opened in 1964; NHS was initially located in a dance hall on Howell Avenue and once held classes at what is now Edge Elementary.
Student activities.
Niceville High School's marching band is set to participate in the 135th Tournament of Roses Parade in Pasadena, California, on January 1, 2024, marking their third appearance in this prestigious event.
Students recently were sent to Plymouth, England to participate in the Natural Geography In-Shore Areas project sponsored by the University of Kyoto, Japan. Niceville High School is the only high school in the United States that is a part of the NaGISA Project.
In 2003, a team from NHS posted 43rd out of almost 200 teams in the Super Bowl of High School Calculus.
The Niceville High School forensics team has won many competitions in the South Florida region, including the University of Blue Key Tournament.
In the Xcellent 25 Writers' Poll Niceville is currently ranked seventh.
Robotics Team.
The 2018 FIRST Robotics Competition team ranked first at the regional competition in Huntsville, Alabama (the only competition in Alabama) moving on to the FIRST Championship in Houston. They have been to the world competition five times, including three times since 2013. While the team is associated with the school, they do most of their meets off campus at the Neiger Education Robotics Facility, a 6000-square-foot workshop built by mentors, alumni and students.
FL-33RD AFJROTC.
Niceville High School also supports an Air Force Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps program. The Corps is sponsored by the nearby the Eglin AFB's 33rd Fighter Wing. The Corps has four drill teams, Armed Regulation, Un-Armed Regulation, Armed Exhibition, and Un-Armed Exhibition, in addition to an Honor Guard, Sabre Team, and a Rocket Team that fires off rockets during the National Anthem at home football games.
NHS Eagle Pride.
With more than 300 members, the Niceville High School Eagle Pride is one of the largest high school bands in the region. They most recently attended the 2012 Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in NYC, New York, and in the same year their Wind Ensemble was one of the select few high school concert bands to perform at CBDNA in Columbus, Georgia. In 2005 the Eagle Pride marched in the Fiesta Bowl Parade and took fourth place in the national marching band contest associated with the parade. In 2008, the Niceville High School Eagle Pride participated in the Tournament of Roses Parade and Bandfest. In 2010, the Niceville Wind Ensemble performed at Carnegie Hall in New York City. They perform every year at the Southeastern States Marching Festival at Troy University in Troy, Alabama. In 2010, the Eagle Pride was chosen to march in the 2012 Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. In 2015, the Niceville High School Eagle Pride was selected to attend the 2017 Rose Parade for the 2nd time in school history. They were also selected to attend the Rose Parade for the 3rd time in 2024.

</doc>
<doc id="7048006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048006" title="Muromonab-CD3 monoclonal antibody">
Muromonab-CD3 monoclonal antibody



</doc>
<doc id="7048009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048009" title="Cardinal Bishop of Ostia-Velletri">
Cardinal Bishop of Ostia-Velletri



</doc>
<doc id="7048017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048017" title="The Legend of the Condor Heroes (1983 TV series)">
The Legend of the Condor Heroes (1983 TV series)

The Legend of the Condor Heroes is a Hong Kong "wuxia" television series adapted from Louis Cha's novel of the same title. It was first broadcast on TVB Jade in Hong Kong in 1983. The 59 episodes long series is divided into three parts.The serial was re-aired in 1990, 1995-1996, 2012-2013, and 2024 on TVB Jade.
This 1983 version is considered by many to be a classic television adaptation of the novel and features the breakthrough role of Barbara Yung, who played Huang Rong; Yung immediately became TVB's most popular actress.
The series became the highest rated series of that year with a high rating of 99%, averaging a rating of 65 points, and has become the most watched series in Hong Kong history so far.
In 1985, it was introduced and broadcast in mainland China by Guangdong TV Station, which triggered a frenzy of people watching it and caused a great sensation, The ratings in China reached 90%, making it one of the top ten highest-rated dramas in China in the 20th century. It was one of the most watched TVB series by Chinese people in China, Hong Kong, Southeast Asia, Chinese communities in America, Canada, England and Europe and became the third highest rated drama in the world.
It was aired in India in 1996 Home TV channel and gained huge popularity. 
In 2022, the drama was selected as one of ten classic TVB dramas being honoured for a new joint Youku and TVB programme.
Soundtrack.
The Legend of the Condor Heroes (射鵰英雄傳 "seh diu ying hung juen") is the soundtrack of this television series, released in 1983 by EMI Records (百代唱片). Roman Tam and Jenny Tseng sing the following songs, most which are heard in the series.
Worldwide popularity.
According to the "Top Ten TV Programs with the Most Viewed People in the World" announced by TVB in 1995, "The Legend of the Condor Heroes" was ranked third with a total worldwide audience of 356,163,000 people at that time.
Production.
According to the behind-the-scenes featurette on the DVD, the Mongolian scenes were filmed on Lantau Island, Hong Kong.
Awards.
This is the award this series has received.

</doc>
<doc id="7048022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048022" title="Omnibus (the television program)">
Omnibus (the television program)



</doc>
<doc id="7048028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048028" title="Muronomab-CD3">
Muronomab-CD3



</doc>
<doc id="7048029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048029" title="Padmaasana">
Padmaasana



</doc>
<doc id="7048040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048040" title="The Sunday Herald Sun">
The Sunday Herald Sun



</doc>
<doc id="7048041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048041" title="Action inquiry">
Action inquiry



</doc>
<doc id="7048042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048042" title="Revolution (Blackpool Pleasure Beach)">
Revolution (Blackpool Pleasure Beach)

Revolution, formerly Irn Bru Revolution, is an Arrow Development shuttle roller coaster at Pleasure Beach Resort. It was Europe's first fully looping roller coaster. The ride consists of two raised sections of track with a vertical loop in the centre. The train is launched off the first raised platform, into the loop, and up onto the second platform, where it repeats the process in reverse. As a result of the design, riders are required to climb a series of stairs to get to the loading station. Until the introduction of Infusion, it was the park's only looping coaster.
It is one of only three Arrow shuttle coasters in operation, the others being Diamond Back at Frontier City in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and Sidewinder at Elitch Gardens Theme Park in Denver, Colorado.
History.
Revolution was designed by Arrow Development with steel fabrication by Watson Steel. It opened in 1979 as the first fully looping roller coaster in Europe. It was initially painted red and white, with the Union Flag painted on the front and back. 
Later the ride was sponsored by Irn-Bru, titled "Irn Bru Revolution", and carried the Irn-Bru orange and blue colours. The sponsorship ended in 2011 and the ride then reverted to its former title.
In February 2012, the park confirmed that the ride would be closed for early parts of the season in order to be painted in a new colour theme - grey and white. It received a repaint for the 2017 season.
In popular culture.
The ride was featured on the BBC show "Jim'll Fix It" when a group of Cub Scouts ate their lunch whilst riding the roller coaster.
A homage was featured on an advert for Irn-Bru soft drinks when a group of goths drank Irn-Bru whilst riding, resulting in them becoming completely drenched, in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="7048049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048049" title="Pre-Creedence">
Pre-Creedence

Pre-Creedence is a compilation album by the Golliwogs which changed its name to Creedence Clearwater Revival (CCR) in 1968. This album was released in 1975 after the band had disbanded.
The album consists of tracks recorded and released under the band's prior name, although the final two songs on the album, originally released in 1967 as a Golliwogs single, were re-released as the first CCR single in 1968.
All tracks were reissued on CD as part of "".
Track listing.
All songs written by John Fogerty and Tom Fogerty, except as indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="7048057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048057" title="Diner’s Club">
Diner’s Club



</doc>
<doc id="7048059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048059" title="WUTM">
WUTM

WUTM (90.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a contemporary hit radio format. Licensed to Martin, Tennessee, United States, the station serves the University of Tennessee at Martin campus. The station is owned by The University of Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="7048067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048067" title="Robert Zdar">
Robert Zdar



</doc>
<doc id="7048069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048069" title="Kariang">
Kariang



</doc>
<doc id="7048076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048076" title="Dash Robert Parr">
Dash Robert Parr



</doc>
<doc id="7048077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048077" title="French and European Nationalist Party">
French and European Nationalist Party

The French and European Nationalist Party ( or PNFE) was a French nationalist militant organization active between 1987 and 1999. Led by Claude Cornilleau until 1996, its slogan was "France first, white always" ("France d'abord, blanche toujours"). It had around a thousand sympathizers at its height.
History.
The organization emerged in June 1985 as a splinter group of the French Nationalist Party, and was officially announced in 1987 at Euroring, a European neo-Nazi conference, as "Parti Nationaliste Français et Européen" (PNFE).
The PNFE was made up of a mixture of former members of the outlawed FANE, and of neo-Nazi hardliners who had been expelled from the Front National (FN) when Jean-Marie Le Pen took on a respectable image after winning a few parliamentary seats in the 1986 elections. The PNFE quickly managed to establish various sections outside of Paris. It had a national publication, "Tribune nationaliste", established in October 1985, and edited a magazine in each region: "Charlemagne" in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais, "Le Chêne" in Seine-et-Marne, or "Le Glaive" in Paris.
In July 1989, the head of the Nord-Pas-de-Calais section and editor-in-chief of "Charlemagne", Jean Beaussart, was assassinated by his daughter after years of abuse. Beaussart regularly beat and humiliated his daughters, forcing them each morning to perform the Nazi salute in front of a portrait of Adolf Hitler, whom he had made them believe was their uncle. Ida Beaussart was eventually acquitted by the court.
The PNFE had a large Nazi Skinhead following and has been blamed for a number of attacks on immigrants including the 1988 Sonacotra attack against immigrant workers' hostel in Nice for which 18 members were convicted in 1989. Amongst those initially held was Serge Lecanu, who had led the "Fédération professionnelle indépendante de la police" (FPIP), a far right police trade union. In 1990, Michel Lajoye, a PNFE member since 1988, received a life sentence for dropping a bomb in a café owned by Arab immigrants.
On 10 May 1990, a Jewish cemetery at Carpentras was desecrated, leading to public uproar and a protest demonstration in Paris, attended by 200,000 persons, including French President François Mitterrand. After several years of investigation, five people, among them three former members of the PFNE, confessed on 2 August 1996. On 5 June 1990, the PNFE magazine "Tribune nationaliste" was banned by the French authorities.
French Holocaust denier Vincent Reynouard was a member of the PFNE and became briefly its secretary general in 1991. In January 1996, Erik Sausset replaced Claude Cornilleau as the president of the organization.
The group was compelled to dissolve in 1999. Erik Sausset later became involved in the "Völkisch" movement Terre et Peuple. Another cadre of the PNFE, Didier Magnien, later joined Unité Radicale, then migrated to Germany and turned into a member of the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution, in charge of the surveillance and repression of neo-Nazi activities. Maxime Brunerie, who attempted to assassinate Jacques Chirac in 2002 had been a member of the group between June and November 1998, leaving what he deemed to be an "agonizing party" to join instead the Groupe Union Défense, renamed Unité Radicale early that year.
Ideology.
The movement sought to establish a "New Order" and dismissed the FN as a "so-called nationalist" party integrated to the system. Overtly racist, the group compared black people with animals and the hatred of Jews is omnipresent in their writings.
European contacts.
The PNFE had strong contacts with the British National Party and Cornilleau was often a speaker at their annual meetings, being a close friend of John Tyndall. They regularly attended international rallies, notably in Belgium, where they cemented their links with the BNP as well as the Vlaamse Militanten Orde.
The group also built up links with the Vlaams Blok and Christian Worch in Germany. In Belgium they also co-operated with "Renouveau nationaliste", a minor group established by former members of the Party of New Forces. In 1991, a sister party was established in Switzerland as the Parti Nationaliste Suisse et Européen, later replaced by a Hammerskins branch.

</doc>
<doc id="7048081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048081" title="Hishida Shunsō">
Hishida Shunsō

 was the pseudonym of a Japanese painter from the Meiji period. One of Okakura Tenshin's pupils along with Yokoyama Taikan and Shimomura Kanzan, he played a role in the Meiji era innovation of "Nihonga". His real name was Hishida Miyoji. He was also known for his numerous paintings of cats.
Biography.
Shunsō was born in 1874 in what is now part of Iida city in Nagano Prefecture. In 1889 he moved to Tokyo to study under Kanō school artist Yuki Masaaki (1834–1904). The following year, he enrolled at the "Tōkyō Bijutsu Gakkō" (the forerunner of the Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music). Shunsō was one year junior to his colleagues Yokoyama Taikan and Shimomura Kanzan; his teacher was Hashimoto Gahō. Shunsō, Taikan and Kanzan were heavily influenced by Okakura Tenshin and Ernest Fenollosa during their time at the "Tōkyō Bijutsu Gakkō".
After graduation, Shunsō was commissioned by the Imperial Household Museum (now the Tokyo National Museum) to copy important religious paintings at Buddhist temples in Kyoto and Nara, and he also became a teacher at the "Tōkyō Bijutsu Gakkō" (present-day Tokyo University of the Arts)). In 1898, he joined Okakura Tenshin in establishing the "Nihon Bijutsuin". From 1903 to 1905, he traveled extensively overseas, holding exhibitions of his works in India, the United States and Europe.
After his return to Japan, Shunsō successfully competed in many national exhibitions in Japan, including the government-sponsored "Bunten."
Shunsō developed a new painting method, derogatorily named by his contemporaries as "moro-tai" (vague style). This new method used a gradation of colors to replace the line drawings that characterized traditional Japanese-style painting. This new style, however, gained little support from Shunsō's contemporaries and was severely criticized by art critics. Shunsō came to realize that while "moro-tai" was effective in depicting such scenes as morning mist and evening glow, its color gradation technique proved good only for those limited motifs. Shunsō began integrating his original "moro-tai" with line drawing to overcome this disadvantage, and his later works exhibit a new style which came to typify the "Nihonga" genre, distinguishing it from the more restrictive styles of traditional Japanese-style painting.
In his final years, Shunsō suffered from renal, or kidney disease. Driven by fear of blindness, Shunsō painted frantically whenever his illness entered a state of remission. In 1909, his work "Ochiba" won the highest award at the third "Bunten" Exhibition. It is now designated an Important Cultural Property by the Japanese government's Agency for Cultural Affairs and is now in the collection of the Eisei Bunko Museum, Tokyo. His representative work "Ochiba" is based on the motif of a thicket of trees around Yoyogi, Tokyo, Japan, which was still a suburb at the time. His work "Black Cat" (1910) has also been designated an Important Cultural Property. In 1911, he died of kidney disease (nephritis) just before his 37th birthday.
A large retrospective exhibition of his work was held at the National Museum of Modern Art, Tokyo’s Art Museum Special Gallery in 2014.
Philately.
One of Hishida Shunsō's works has been selected as the subject of a commemorative postage stamps by the Japanese government:
In the year 1951, Hishida Shunsō himself was the subject of a commemorative postage stamp under the Cultural Leaders Series by Japan Post.

</doc>
<doc id="7048085" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048085" title="1963 Rochester air crash">
1963 Rochester air crash



</doc>
<doc id="7048088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048088" title="Parti Nationaliste Français et Européen">
Parti Nationaliste Français et Européen



</doc>
<doc id="7048090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048090" title="WCMT-FM">
WCMT-FM

WCMT-FM (101.3 MHz) is a radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary format.
Licensed to South Fulton, Tennessee, United States, the station began broadcasting in 1968 and serves the Ken Tenn area (Northwest Tennessee and Southwest Kentucky) and can be heard in both Jackson and Paducah, Kentucky markets.
The station is owned by Thunderbolt Broadcasting Company.
Programming.
WCMT-FM "Mix 101.3 WCMT" is a contemporary adult hit radio station playing top hits from the 80s, 90s, 2000s and today. WCMT FM airs high school sports broadcasts. Network programming aired on WCMT-FM includes Rick Dees Weekly Top 20, and John Tesh – Intelligence For Your Life. Wink Martindale's "100 Greatest Christmas Hits of All Time" ten-hour program is heard on December 24 and 25 and has become a holiday staple for Ken-Tenn area listeners. Sunday morning from 6 til 11am Mix 101.3 airs religious music. Local news can be heard seven days per week on Mix 101.3 WCMT-FM; the community affairs program "30 Minutes" air Sunday mornings at 6:30 Central time. Weekdays from 6am til 9am Mix 101.3 WCMT FM rebroadcasts the popular "Good Times in the Morning" show which features phone calls, contest and "live" – in studio interviews.
History.
WCMT-FM originally began broadcasting in 1968 on 101.7, when manager Dwight "Duke" Drumm persuaded owner Jones T. Sudbury to seek an FM frequency so local sports, including UT Martin athletic games, could be broadcast at night. Prior to this, the ballgames were being taped and aired the next day. The station offered "beautiful music" until about 1978, when a "rock format" debuted. The station then moved to an oldies format and then to the present adult contemporary station.
Effective July 28, 2004 WCMT-FM was given permission to increase its power to 22,000 watts by moving its city of license from Martin to South Fulton, Tennessee and changing its frequency to 101.3 which allowed the stations to serve thousands more listeners.
During the transition from 101.7 to 101.3, WCMT-FM constructed a new 349-foot tower off the Ken Tenn highway near South Fulton which allowed WCMT-FM to send a powerful signal that stretched to Paducah, Kentucky and Jackson, Tennessee. WCMT-FM is the most powerful station in the immediate local market.
Thunderbolt Broadcasting also owns and operates WCMT AM 1410 (with an additional five FM translator channels that rebroadcast all WCMT AM programming), along with WCDZ FM 95.1, KYTN FM 104.9 and WQAK FM 105.7. The company is a member of the International Broadcaster's Idea Bank, the National Association of Broadcasters, the Kentucky Broadcasters Association and the Tennessee Association of Broadcasters, the Arkansas Broadcasters Association, is a recipient of the Weakley County Chamber of Commerce "Business of the Year."

</doc>
<doc id="7048091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048091" title="Thiago ribeiro">
Thiago ribeiro



</doc>
<doc id="7048095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048095" title="Sedgwick Theater">
Sedgwick Theater

The Sedgwick Theater is a historic American theater in the Mt. Airy neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
It was built in 1928 and designed by architect William Harold Lee. It is one of the remaining 20 Philadelphia theaters which he designed; nine have been demolished. Only two in Philadelphia are open – The Ace Theater (Holiday Art Theater) and The Sedgwick Theater. Two more of Lee's theaters just outside of Philadelphia have been restored: the Bryn Mawr and the Hiway Theater in Jenkintown.
The Sedgwick Theater, located at 7137 Germantown Ave in Philadelphia, is designed in the 1920s style of an art deco movie palace. It was built during a movie revolution with the advent of sync sound and hosted silent films as well as talkies. This perhaps explains the theater's design including a stage for live performance, as well as its large single screen.
The Sedgwick was designed to include a balcony, but shortly before construction, it was removed from the plans (a balcony would likely have increased seating to 2000). This accounts for its vaulted ceilings.
Interior design.
When entering the theater, ticket were bought at the ticket booth, beyond which was a rectangular lobby space. This led to a larger oval lobby with a coat check. The men's and women's rooms were on opposing ends of the lobby. The oval lobby was a pivot point of the design, and the theater's footprint traveled back and to the left of the lot from that point. Entering the theater through five large archways, the rake of the seats dropped about 15 feet to the screen.
Operating history.
The theater opened in 1928 and remained in operation until 1966. When it closed, it was purchased for use as a warehouse. The theater building was split in two. A cinderblock wall was constructed, closing off the theater space from the lobbies. The theater was stripped of its seats and the rake, leaving a gutted box in the back. The ceiling of the theater was left somewhat intact, and a beautiful art deco ceiling medallion still exists. Part of the proscenium arch is also still intact. However, it is little more than a garage there for the moment.
Restoration.
There had already been significant damage done to the building when David and Betty Ann Fellner purchased it. They set up the Sedgwick Cultural Center, a not-for-profit organization, in 1995. The Sedgwick Cultural Center's mission was to build community through the arts. A stage was constructed in the oval Lobby, and performance have been held in that space since then.
However, by 2006, despite having brought the Philadelphia community programming for ten years, the condition of the theater had not improved, and the Sedgwick Cultural Center separated from it.
The price tag for a complete building restoration has been suggested to be US$10 to 12 million, not including the cost to create a business in the space which could make the Sedgwick self-sustaining.
Before 2010, the Sedgwick Theater was a community art space, with a gallery where the ticket booth was once located. The inner lobbies were occasionally home to "Films at the Sedgwick."
To alleviate the risks of renting films to screen at the Sedgwick Theater, Films at the Sedgwick screened public domain films and created an interactive website for the community to take control of the programming to show. Film Q Public was a list of films for the community to consider screening. Each film had a plot summary and when available, a streaming movie trailer. Users voted for the films they wanted to see. Votes were tallied and once the film received enough votes, that film was scheduled.
In May 2010, the Quintessence Theatre Group began renting the Sedgwick for a classical repertory troupe. Their first production was "Measure for Measure". They are the sole occupants of the theater as of September 2019.
Organ.
When it opened the Sedgwick had a Möller pipe organ (Opus 5230). When the theater closed in 1966 the organ was removed and placed in storage. After over twenty years in storage the instrument was re-installed in the Keswick Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="7048105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048105" title="WCMT (AM)">
WCMT (AM)

WCMT (1410 kHz) is an AM radio station broadcasting a news–talk format. Licensed to Martin, Tennessee, United States, the station serves the Northwest Tennessee and Southwest Kentucky radio market from Paducah, Kentucky to Jackson, Tennessee. The station is owned by Thunderbolt Broadcasting Company and features programing from CBS News Radio, Premiere Networks, Radio America, and Westwood One.
WCMT began broadcasting June 16, 1957, when J. T. Sudbury of Blytheville, Arkansas placed WCMT on the air. It has remained in the same location since the station began broadcasting.
WCMT's early success is attributed to the late Dwight A. "Duke" Drumm who arrived on the scene in 1959 and worked for twenty years doing practically every job in the station. Herb Cathey was a long time air personality who also served as an engineer for the station.
In 1968 Drumm persuaded Sudbury to add an FM station to the airwaves and WCMT-FM (then 101.7) joined WCMT. The station later upgraded its power and changed frequency and is now on 101.3 FM.
In 1994, Thunderbolt Broadcasting purchased 95.1 WGNN-FM, formerly WJZK-FM, and changed the call letters to WCDZ-FM. The studios were moved from Dresden, Tennessee to the Martin studios.
In December 2005 Thunderbolt Radio purchased Twin States Broadcasting stations 104.9 KYTN-FM and 105.7 WQAK-FM.
WCMT has expanded its nighttime coverage by adding extra FM channels located in neighboring towns. These "translators" broadcast on 92.7 FM, 96.1 FM, 99.7 FM, 100.5 FM and 103.3 FM.
Programming.
Programming includes: Local News, Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, Dave Ramsey, Jim Bohannon, George Noory, Art Bell, "America in the Morning", "First Light", Warren Eckstein with The Pet Show, Kim Komando, Handel on the Law and "Good Times in the Morning" a local "town hall" meeting every morning from 6-9am.
WCMT's "Good Times in the Morning" program can be heard on 1410 WCMT as well as 101.3 WCMT FM and FM channels on local channel FM stations (aka translators) 92.7, 96.1, 99.7 and 100.5 and 103.3. WCMT's call letters stand for "Weakley County Martin, Tennessee" and the station is also known as "The Voice of Weakley County."
Paul Freeman Tinkle, Thunderbolt Broadcasting president began his career at WCMT as the janitor of the radio station in 1970 while he was a sophomore at Martin High School (now Westview High School.) A short time later he became a board operator when another announcer couldn't come work. He later worked in Union City and McKenzie, Tennessee and Mayfield and Paducah, Kentucky before returning in 1981 where he later became a partner in Thunderbolt Broadcasting.
Cindy Stewart Prince has worked at WCMT since 1979 and serves as assistant to the president. Tinkle's son, Jordan Tinkle, now working at radio stations in Nashville, began his start at WCMT at the age of 10 working as a "take out the trash" boy and became a board operator a short time later. He is also believed to have been the youngest person to work "press row" providing color and stats on a TSSAA state tournament basketball game. He now is a producer of a sports talk show.
1410 WCMT is a news and sports station. Local news can be heard around the clock while national news is heard hourly.
WCMT is owned by Thunderbolt Broadcasting and is located at 1410 North Lindell Street in Martin, Tennessee and also owns and operates WCMT-FM licensed to South Fulton, TN and WCDZ-FM Dresden, TN with studios co-located with WCMT. Thunderbolt Broadcasting also own WQAK-FM and KYTN-FM in Union City, Tennessee. WCMT simulcasts (duplicates) its programming on Local Channel FM stations aka translators 92.7, 96.1, 99.7, 100.5 and 103.3. WCMT may be the only AM station that has five L C F M stations (aka translators) rebroadcasting its local community programming to areas that include, Bradford, Dresden, Dyer, Dukedom, Fulton, Gleason, Greenfield, Kenton, Palmersville, Rives, Troy, South Fulton, Union City and other communities.
WCMT is a member of the International Broadcaster's Idea Bank, the National Association of Broadcasters, the Tennessee Association of Broadcasters, the Arkansas Broadcaster's Association, the Kentucky Broadcaster's Association and a number of chamber of commerce associations in the Ken Tenn area. Mr. Tinkle has previously served as an NAB radio board member representing Arkansas and Tennessee. Tinkle also served as President of the Tennessee Associated Press Board of Directors, Tennessee Radio Hall of Fame Board of Directors and President of the Tennessee Association of Broadcaster's board of directors. He is a lifetime member of the Tennessee Association of Broadcasters.
In 2005, WCMT was named an NAB "Crystal" award winner for community service, has been a Marconi finalist and is a recipient of the Weakley County Chamber of Commerce Business of the Year. Mr. Tinkle was named "Weakley Countian" of the Year by the Weakley County Chamber of Commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="7048112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048112" title="Ambabai">
Ambabai



</doc>
<doc id="7048116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048116" title="Ibn Abd-al-Barr">
Ibn Abd-al-Barr



</doc>
<doc id="7048119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048119" title="Historical United States Census totals for Berkshire County, Massachusetts">
Historical United States Census totals for Berkshire County, Massachusetts



</doc>
<doc id="7048120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048120" title="Tropical wild petunia">
Tropical wild petunia



</doc>
<doc id="7048131" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048131" title="Christabella">
Christabella



</doc>
<doc id="7048134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048134" title="VA 55">
VA 55



</doc>
<doc id="7048136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048136" title="U.S. Route 48 in Virginia">
U.S. Route 48 in Virginia



</doc>
<doc id="7048139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048139" title="Johnny M. Horne Jr.">
Johnny M. Horne Jr.

Johnny M. Horne Jr. is a former Staff Sergeant in the U.S. Army convicted, along with Cardenas J. Alban, for the murder of Qassim Hassan, a sixteen-year-old Iraqi. At the time of the killing Horne was a member of Company C, 1st Battalion, 41st Infantry Regiment, based in Fort Riley, Kansas. He pleaded guilty to one count of unpremeditated murder and one count of conspiracy to commit murder and received three years of confinement, reduction in rank to Private, forfeiture of all wages and a dishonorable discharge. Horne was confined at the Northwest Joint Regional Correctional Facility on Fort Lewis and was released in September 2005 after having his sentence reduced to one year by, then, Maj. Gen. Peter W. Chiarelli.
In August 2004, U.S. forces opened fire on a group of men along a road in Al Sadr City in Baghdad. Troops from the 1st Battalion arrived on the scene to find a burning truck and casualties around it. Witnesses said that the Iraqi teen already had severe abdominal wounds and burns before the shooting. Horne claimed that he carried out a "mercy killing".
Since his release Horne has spoken out in defense of a group of US military personnel convicted of war crimes colloquially known as the "Leavenworth 10."

</doc>
<doc id="7048140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048140" title="US 48 (VA)">
US 48 (VA)



</doc>
<doc id="7048141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048141" title="Sussex Coast College Hastings">
Sussex Coast College Hastings



</doc>
<doc id="7048142" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048142" title="Oliver Gavin">
Oliver Gavin

Oliver Benjamin Gavin (born 29 September 1972) is a British racing driver who joined Corvette Racing in 2002. He has won five American Le Mans Series class championships, five 24 Hours of Le Mans class wins, six 12 Hours of Sebring class wins and five Petit Le Mans class wins.
Biography.
He was raised in the village of Felmersham, Bedfordshire. He attended the local Primary school, Pinchmill. At age nine he attended Lincroft Middle School and then took his GCSEs and A-levels at Sharnbrook Upper School and Community College.
Born in Huntingdon, Gavin was introduced to motor racing through the traditional karting route. After finishing as runner-up in the 1993 British F3 series to Kelvin Burt, Gavin graduated to Formula 3000 in 1994 with Omegaland. He failed to score any points in the five races he contested, and subsequently opted to drop back down to F3 for 1995. He managed to overcome rival Ralph Firman in the final round to snatch the title.
He was test driver for the ill-fated mid-1990s Pacific Grand Prix team. It was proposed that he would drive for the team in the 1995 Australian Grand Prix, but he was not granted the required FIA Super Licence. Gavin also drove the Safety Car from 1997 to 1999 for the Formula One championship.
Gavin became a Corvette Racing factory driver in 2002, having raced full-time in the American Le Mans Series GT1 and GT2 classes and currently the IMSA SportsCar Championship GTLM class. His full-time codrivers have been Olivier Beretta (2004–2010), Jan Magnussen (2010–2011) and Tommy Milner (since 2012), whereas Max Papis, Richard Westbrook and Jordan Taylor have been his endurance codrivers.
He has won his class in Le Mans on five occasions (2002, 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2015), the 12 Hours of Sebring five times (2001, 2002, 2006, 2007 and 2013), and Petit Le Mans another five times (2002, 2004, 2005, 2007 and 2010). Also, he won the ALMS GT1 titles in 2005, 2006 and 2007, plus the GT2 title in 2012.
Gavin announced his retirement from professional racing on 31 October 2020, with the 2021 WEC 6 Hours of Spa-Francorchamps being his final race. He placed 4th in the GTE Pro class with co-driver, Antonio Garcia, and 18th overall.
Gavin lives in a village east of Northampton with his wife, Helen, and their three children. He announced on April 29, 2021 via Twitter that he will be continuing his working relationship with Chevrolet with the formation of a new racing school, the Oliver Gavin Driving Academy, featuring Corvette C8 Stingrays as the primary instructional vehicle.
Racing record.
American Le Mans Series results.
† Did not finish the race but was classified as his car completed more than 70% of the overall winner's race distance.

</doc>
<doc id="7048147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048147" title="Free software / open source software community">
Free software / open source software community



</doc>
<doc id="7048156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048156" title="HCAT">
HCAT



</doc>
<doc id="7048157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048157" title="Virginia State Route 56">
Virginia State Route 56

State Route 56 (SR 56) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. The state highway runs from U.S. Route 11 (US 11) at Steeles Tavern east to US 60 near Buckingham. SR 56 is the main east–west highway of Nelson County. The state highway connects the county seat of Lovingston with Buckingham to the east and the Blue Ridge Mountains and the Shenandoah Valley to the west.
Route description.
SR 56 begins at an intersection with US 11 (Lee Highway) at Steeles Tavern a short distance east of the historic Cyrus McCormick Farm. The junction is just north of the Augusta–Rockbridge county line. SR 56 heads southeast into Rockbridge County as Tye River Turnpike, which enters George Washington National Forest and passes under Norfolk Southern Railway's Roanoke District at the village of Vesuvius. The state highway follows Little Marys Creek along its winding ascent of the Blue Ridge Mountains. SR 56 intersects the Blue Ridge Parkway at Tye River Gap, where the highway enters Nelson County and becomes Crabtree Falls Highway. The state highway descends through Montebello and follows the South Fork of the Tye River past Crabtree Falls to Nash, where the highway begins to follow the Tye River proper.
SR 56 leaves the national forest and enters more gentle terrain just west of Tyro, the site of the Tyro Mill. The state highway follows the Tye River through Massies Mill to Roseland, where the highway turns south to join SR 151 on Patrick Henry Highway. The two highways run through the hamlet of Hendersons Store to just north of Piney River, where the highways diverge at a wye intersection; the short connector between SR 151 south and SR 56 east is SR 151Y. SR 56 heads east as Tye Brook Highway, which heads east and crosses the Tye River before intersecting US 29 (Thomas Nelson Highway) at Colleen. The two highways run concurrently northeast past historic Mitchell's Brick House Tavern, contemporary Nelson County High School, and historic Lovingston High School on their way to Lovingston.
SR 56 splits northeast from US 29 along Front Street, which also carries US 29 Business. At the south end of the Lovingston Historic District, SR 56 turns southeast onto James River Road. SR 56 heads southeast through an at-grade crossing of Norfolk Southern's Washington District at Shipman. The state highway passes through a gap between Findlay Mountain and Thomas Mountain to Red Apple Orchard. At Wingina, SR 56 passes the historic home Soldier's Joy and has an at-grade intersection with CSX's Rivanna Subdivision, then crosses the James River into Buckingham County. The state highway passes through Woods Corner before reaching its eastern terminus at US 60 (James Anderson Highway) in Alcoma west of the county seat of Buckingham.

</doc>
<doc id="7048158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048158" title="Tevah">
Tevah



</doc>
<doc id="7048160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048160" title="Teivah">
Teivah



</doc>
<doc id="7048161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048161" title="Teiva">
Teiva



</doc>
<doc id="7048189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048189" title="The Captain and The Kid">
The Captain and The Kid



</doc>
<doc id="7048191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048191" title="Scottsburg Courthouse Square Historic District">
Scottsburg Courthouse Square Historic District

The Scottsburg Courthouse Square Historic District is a national historic district located at Scottsburg, Scott County, Indiana. The district encompasses 48 contributing buildings and 8 contributing objects in the central business district of Scottsburg centered on the Scott County Courthouse. It developed between about 1873 and 1952, and includes notable examples of Italianate, Romanesque Revival, Gothic Revival, and Stick Style / Eastlake movement style architecture. The courthouse was built in 1873-1874 after the decision was made to finally locate the county seat of Scott County into a central location within the county, which caused the founding of Scottsburg. Located in the district is the separately listed Scottsburg Depot. Other notable contributing resources include the Town Tavern (1924), A&amp;P Grocery (1923), Corner Drugstore (c. 1880), Harmon Building (1907), City Hall (1899-1900), Napper's Hospital (1936), Scott Theatre (1946), Scott County Public (Carnegie) Library (1919), Scott County Bank (1906), Prosser's Hardware (1912), and a statue of William Hayden English (1908).
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="7048192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048192" title="Gaby (film)">
Gaby (film)

Gaby is a 1956 American drama film directed by Curtis Bernhardt and starring Leslie Caron, John Kerr, Cedric Hardwicke, Taina Elg and Margalo Gillmore. It is the third version of the 1930 play "Waterloo Bridge", previously made into films "Waterloo Bridge" (1931) and "Waterloo Bridge" (1940). It is the only version of the play made in color, and the least faithful to it. The title, the names of the main characters, and plot details were all changed. Unlike the 1931 and 1940 versions, this film ends happily.
This version was made by MGM and produced by Edwin H. Knopf. The screenplay was by Albert Hackett, Frances Goodrich and Charles Lederer, based on the screenplay of "Waterloo Bridge" (1940) by S. N. Behrman, Paul H. Rameau and George Froeschel. All three versions were based on the play by Robert E. Sherwood.
Plot.
Gaby is a ballet dancer in 1944 London who runs into corporal Gregory Wendell while rushing to catch the bus. Greg is mesmerized by Gaby and goes to the ballet to see her on stage, but Gaby wants nothing to do with Greg. He persists, and by the end of the day, she agrees to marry him.
Before they can marry, there is a mountain of red tape and Greg is shipped out suddenly for the D-Day landing, promising to marry her on his return. When she hears that he has been killed, Gaby becomes a prostitute as the only way to support herself (as in the 1940 film). When the report turns out to be false, and Greg returns alive, Gaby repeatedly tells him that she cannot marry him, but he is unable to guess the correct reason. When she finally tells him, he is shocked speechless for a very long time and she runs away into a bombing raid.
Greg drives after her in his father's car, then has to continue the pursuit on foot. He yells at her to "have a heart – I am crippled." Just as a V-1's engine stops, indicating an imminent explosion, he tells Gaby to duck into a doorway, saving her life. He says, "If you had died just now, I would never have been able to love anyone else." Gaby asks how he could possibly love her after what circumstances had forced her to do, but he says, "Let's forget the terrible things this war made us do."
Plot differences.
In contrast to the 1931 and 1940 films, "Gaby" was made after D-Day and the horror of the V-1 attacks on London, and incorporates references to both within its plot. In addition, made post-War, the atmosphere of hopelessness present in 1940 is replaced by an air of optimism.
Production.
The film was envisioned as a vehicle for Leslie Caron. The male lead was given to John Kerr, who had become a star on Broadway in "Tea and Sympathy" and had just made "The Cobweb" for MGM. Kerr turned down "Friendly Persuasion" (1956) to take the role in "Gaby" because the latter was a lead, not a supporting part.
Reception.
According to MGM records the film earned $647,000 in the US and Canada and $710,000 elsewhere, resulting in a loss of $1,356,000.

</doc>
<doc id="7048196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048196" title="Days River">
Days River

The Days River is a river on the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan.
It is a narrow, rocky, and scenic river that supports brook, steelhead and rainbow trout, smelt, and white and longnose suckers in the spring. The river runs south to its mouth on Little Bay De Noc on Lake Michigan at , near Masonville Township. There is a low-head dam by Gladstone Golf Course installed in 1978 to prevent upstream migration of invasive sea lamprey.
Days River was named for John Day, a trapper and pioneer settler.

</doc>
<doc id="7048197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048197" title="Turkish-Cypriot">
Turkish-Cypriot



</doc>
<doc id="7048198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048198" title="Oliver gavin">
Oliver gavin



</doc>
<doc id="7048202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048202" title="Cool for Cats (TV series)">
Cool for Cats (TV series)

Cool for Cats was one of the first shows on British TV to feature music for a teenage audience. It was produced by Associated Rediffusion, part of the ITV network, and ran from December 1956 to February 1961.
The show was presented by Kent Walton. It lasted 15 minutes. Discs were played and then commented upon. Sometimes The Dougie Squires Dancers, which included the then unknown Una Stubbs, performed dance routines to the music, and sometimes Tony Hart would draw a relevant cartoon while the record played. The programme was originally broadcast on Mondays at 7:15 pm and later moved to Thursdays. Owing to its success, it was a twice-weekly show (the second a repeat), later expanding to half an hour. The show's initiator was director Joan-Kemp Welch, the drama innovator, and the first—and the show's longest-running—choreographer was Dougie Squires.
Kent Walton took the title from a show of the same name he hosted on Radio Luxembourg.

</doc>
<doc id="7048203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048203" title="Soldati-class destroyer">
Soldati-class destroyer

The Soldati class (also known as "Camicia Nera" class, meaning Blackshirt) were a group of destroyers built for the (Royal Italian Navy) during World War II. The ships were named after military professions ("Artigliere", for example, meaning "artilleryman"). There were two batches; twelve ships were built in 1938–1939, and a second batch of seven ships were ordered in 1940, although only five were completed.
Ten ships of the class were lost during the war. Three of the survivors were transferred to the French Navy and two to the Soviet Navy as war reparations, while two served in the Italian post-war navy, the "Marina Militare".
Design.
In 1936, the Italian Regia Marina placed an order for twelve examples of a new destroyer design, the Soldati class. The design was essentially a repeat of the previous "Oriani" destroyer design, which was itself a development of the . The design featured an identical main gun armament of four 120 mm/50 calibre guns in two twin turrets, one forward and one aft, while torpedo armament was two triple torpedo tubes. A short (15 calibre) 120 mm gun was mounted on a pedestal between the banks of torpedo tubes for firing starshell, while the anti-aircraft armament consisted of twelve machine guns. A single ship ("Carabiniere") was completed with a fifth 120 mm 50 calibre gun replacing the starshell gun. The ships' powerplant, with two geared steam turbines driving two shafts and generating , and with one large funnel, was similar to that in the "Oriani" class and was sufficient to propel the destroyers to .
Orders for a second batch of seven destroyers were placed in 1940. All except one of these ships were to carry the five main gun armament of "Carabiniere".
Construction and modifications.
The first batch of ships were laid down in 1937, being completed between 1938 and 1939, with the second batch being laid down in 1940–1941, with five completing in 1942.
Four more of the first batch ("Ascari", "Camicia Nera", "Geniere" and "Lanciere") were modified in 1941–1942 by replacing the starshell gun with a full power 120 mm gun. The anti-aircraft machine guns were gradually replaced by 20 mm cannon, with up to 10–12 being fitted by 1943. Five ships ("Carabiniere", "Granatiere", "Fuciliere", "Legionario" and "Velite") had the aft set of torpedo tubes replaced by two 54 cal. guns, while "Fuciliere" and "Velite" also had their starshell guns replaced by a further pair of 37 mm cannon. "Fuciliere" and "Velite" were fitted with Italian radar, while "Legionario" was fitted with a German radar.
The Germans captured "Squadrista" incomplete in September 1943, and transferred the ship, renamed "TA33", to Genoa for completion as a fighter direction ship carrying a long-range Freya radar and German 105 mm and 20 mm guns, but she was sunk by Allied bombing in 1944.
The two destroyers remaining in Italian service after the war were rebuilt as anti-submarine escorts in 1953–1954, with their torpedo tubes removed and the anti-aircraft armament changed to six 40 mm/39 pom-pom guns.

</doc>
<doc id="7048204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048204" title="I Enoch">
I Enoch



</doc>
<doc id="7048208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048208" title="John Almeloveen">
John Almeloveen



</doc>
<doc id="7048211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048211" title="John Almeloven">
John Almeloven



</doc>
<doc id="7048215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048215" title="Jan van Almeloven">
Jan van Almeloven



</doc>
<doc id="7048217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048217" title="Sir Robin Day">
Sir Robin Day



</doc>
<doc id="7048218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048218" title="Lady Diana Manners">
Lady Diana Manners



</doc>
<doc id="7048220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048220" title="Cypriot Parliament">
Cypriot Parliament



</doc>
<doc id="7048224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048224" title="Village guards">
Village guards



</doc>
<doc id="7048229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048229" title="The Mischief Rule">
The Mischief Rule



</doc>
<doc id="7048232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048232" title="Philadelphia Aquarium">
Philadelphia Aquarium

The Philadelphia Aquarium was one of the first aquariums in the United States. It was located on the east bank of the Schuylkill River in Philadelphia’s decommissioned Fairmount Water Works buildings from 1911 to 1962, as part of Fairmount Park.
History.
By 1909, Philadelphia’s Fairmount Water Works had been replaced by a series of filtration plants in other parts of the city. The site’s former reservoir land was later used for the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
On May 16, 1911, the mayor of Philadelphia signed an ordinance specifying that an aquarium be created at the old Fairmount Water Works site. About $1,500 was provided initially to create a temporary aquarium in a building that would eventually become a lecture hall, with plans to use the two powerhouses for the permanent aquarium. The aquarium was intended to help educate visitors about the habitat, breeding, and activities of fish, especially those native to Pennsylvania. This was a novel concept at the time, originating in exhibits of fisheries at the 1893 (Chicago) and 1904 (St. Louis) World’s Fairs.
Opening.
The aquarium opened on Thanksgiving Day, 1911, with nineteen small tanks and a series of regular lectures on marine life (many featuring sketches by renowned artist "Biggie" Grover Simcox). Initially, the forebay housed seals and sea lions. When the animals became ill, though, the area was filled in. The waterworks' turbine and pumps were initially used to get water from the Schuylkill River for the exhibits, but this untreated water proved to be too polluted for the fish, and the aquarium switched to using city water.
All of the machinery was removed from the two powerhouses in 1912, and they were eventually refitted as the exhibit halls for the aquarium, the larger () being used for freshwater fish and the smaller () for seawater fish. The buildings required very little structural change, and the flat roofs, previously used as plazas, provided space for skylights to illuminate the exhibits. The aquarium hosted 290,000 visitors in its first year, and by 1929 was one of the four largest aquariums in the world.
Closure.
In the period after World War II, the aquarium suffered from years of inadequate funding, political maneuvering and the resulting neglect. By 1962, the aquarium was forced to close, despite several grass roots attempts to save it. The facility was later used as an indoor swimming pool (closed in 1973). More recent uses have included banquets, guided tours, and a restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="7048234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048234" title="The Expat Harem">
The Expat Harem



</doc>
<doc id="7048236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048236" title="Greek-Cypriots">
Greek-Cypriots



</doc>
<doc id="7048239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048239" title="Expat Harem">
Expat Harem



</doc>
<doc id="7048243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048243" title="Virginia State Route 57">
Virginia State Route 57

State Route 57 (SR 57) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. The state highway runs from SR 8 near Woolwine east to SR 360 near Halifax. SR 57 connects the independent city of Martinsville with Chatham and Halifax, the county seats of Pittsylvania and Halifax counties, respectively. The state highway also connects the city to Fairy Stone State Park.
Route description.
SR 57 begins at an intersection with SR 8 (Woolwine Highway), which heads south toward the Patrick County seat of Stuart and north toward Woolwine. SR 57 heads northeast through a mountainous area of Patrick County just east of the Blue Ridge Mountains as Fairystone Park Highway. The state highway curves southeast at its junction with SR 346 (Fairystone Lake Drive), which is the main entrance to Fairy Stone State Park. SR 57 passes through the park property before entering Henry County. The state highway begins to parallel the Smith River shortly before meeting the western end of SR 57 Alternate (Riverside Drive), where the mainline highway crosses to the north side of the river and parallels Norfolk Southern Railway's Winston-Salem District through the community of Bassett, within which the highway has a tight S-curve to cross to the north side of the tracks.
SR 57 veers away from the railroad and expands to a four-lane divided highway through Stanleytown to a cloverleaf interchange with U.S. Route 220 (US 220, William F. Stone Highway). The roadway continues east as US 220 Business (Virginia Avenue). SR 57 joins US 220 south for a short concurrency before splitting from US 220 at a partial interchange that only allows access to SR 57's new road, two-lane Appalachian Drive, from the north. SR 57 parallels the Smith River and the rail line again past Fieldale, where the highway crosses to the south side of the track. Just after passing the WHEE radio tower, the state highway enters the city of Martinsville, its name changes to Fayette Street, and the road curves northeast under the railroad track toward downtown. SR 57 heads toward a five-way intersection where the highway intersects US 220 Business (Memorial Boulevard) and SR 457, which follows two-way Church Street eastbound and two-way Fayette Street westbound through the area west of downtown Martinsville.
SR 57 turns south onto US 220 Business, a five-lane road with center turn lane that passes under the rail line again. At Starling Avenue, US 220 Business continues south along Memorial Drive with US 58 Business while US 58's business route joins SR 57 on two-lane Starling Avenue. SR 57 and US 58 Business pass the Virginia Museum of Natural History before turning east onto Church Street, which veers northeast, expands to a four-lane road, and crosses over the Dick &amp; Willie Passage Rail Trail. At Chatham Heights Road, the two highways head east as a four-lane divided highway whose name changes to A.L. Philpott Highway when it leaves the city of Martinsville. A short distance east of the city limits, SR 57 turns northeast onto Chatham Road, which intersects the eastern end of SR 457 (Old Chatham Road), crosses several forks of Leatherwood Creek, and passes to the south of Turkeycock Mountain.
SR 57 becomes Callands Road on entering Pittsylvania County. The state highway meets the northern end of SR 41 (Franklin Turnpike) at Callands south of Brier Mountain. SR 57 crosses the Banister River and passes through the hamlets of Rondo and Hollywood on its way to the Pittsylvania County seat of Chatham. The state highway enters the town by crossing Cherrystone Creek and becomes Depot Street, which passes under Norfolk Southern's Durham District rail line. Near the Pittsylvania County Courthouse, SR 57 joins US 29 Business on a short concurrency along Main Street. The state highway leaves the town on Halifax Road, which passes to the south of Chatham Hall and has a diamond interchange with US 29. SR 57 crosses the Banister River again and passes along the northern edge of White Oak Mountain. The state highway passes through the hamlets of Shockoe, Lucks, Ebenezer, and Peytonsburg before entering Halifax County, where the highway becomes Chatham Road. SR 57 curves south and crosses Sandy Creek just west of its mouth at the Banister River before reaching its eastern terminus at SR 360 (Mountain Road) west of Halifax.
SR 57 Alternate.
SR 57 Alternate (SR 57 Alt., signed as SR 57A) is a alternate route of SR 57 between an intersection with SR 57 in Bassett to an interchange with US 220 near Fieldale. At SR 57 Alt.'s western terminus, SR 57 crosses the Smith River and stays on its eastern bank while SR 57 Alt. remains on the west side throughout its entire route. From Bassett, the route travels southeast on Riverside Drive mostly through small residential neighborhoods. After passing the T.B. Stanley Highway (Secondary Route 903), SR 57 Alt. enters a more commercialized area and intersects the entrance driveway to the Bassett High School. At Great Road, the road's name changes to River Road. About later, SR 57 Alt. ends at a diamond interchange with the US 220 freeway that bypasses Martinsville. River Road continues southeast as Secondary Route 682 towards Fieldale.

</doc>
<doc id="7048247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048247" title="Big Rock">
Big Rock

Big Rock may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7048254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048254" title="State Route 56 (Virginia)">
State Route 56 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="7048260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048260" title="State Route 56 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 56 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="7048264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048264" title="Route 56 (Virginia)">
Route 56 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="7048265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048265" title="Türkçe Sevmek">
Türkçe Sevmek



</doc>
<doc id="7048269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048269" title="Virginia State Highway 56">
Virginia State Highway 56



</doc>
<doc id="7048271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048271" title="State Route 57 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 57 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="7048273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048273" title="Turkce Sevmek">
Turkce Sevmek



</doc>
<doc id="7048278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048278" title="State Route 57 (Virginia)">
State Route 57 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="7048284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048284" title="Route 57 (Virginia)">
Route 57 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="7048290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048290" title="St. Richard Gwyn Catholic High School">
St. Richard Gwyn Catholic High School



</doc>
<doc id="7048294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048294" title="Virginia State Highway 57">
Virginia State Highway 57



</doc>
<doc id="7048310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048310" title="Alejandro Dominguez (soccer player)">
Alejandro Dominguez (soccer player)



</doc>
<doc id="7048312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048312" title="Suburbicarian sees">
Suburbicarian sees



</doc>
<doc id="7048322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048322" title="Halogen (disambiguation)">
Halogen (disambiguation)

The halogens are a series of chemical elements.
Halogen may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7048324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048324" title="Jean-Bédel Bokassa Jr.">
Jean-Bédel Bokassa Jr.

Jean-Bédel Bokassa Jr. (born 2 November 1973) is a son of Jean-Bédel Bokassa, the former Dictator and Emperor of the Central African Republic and its successor state, the Central African Empire, by his sixth wife, Catherine Denguiadé. As a title in pretense, he claims the Imperial throne as Bokassa II. 
Life.
Following his father's decision to become Emperor of Central Africa, Jean-Bédel Bokassa Jr. was named, at the age of 4, heir apparent with the title of crown prince ("prince héritier de Centrafrique"). He was chosen despite having several older brothers and half-brothers. Bokassa I's eldest son by another wife, Georges, was a cabinet minister but Bokassa considered him weak. Jean-Bédel Bokassa Jr. was included in his father's lavish coronation of 4 December 1977. Bokassa Jr. attended wearing a white Admirals uniform and was crowned as the heir by his father during the coronation ceremony. In 1979, following the French led Operation Barracuda which led to a coup and the deposition of his father, Bokassa Jr. was removed from his boarding school in Switzerland and was flown to Gabon to join the rest of his family in exile from the Central African Republic. 
During 2010, Bokassa Jr. joined his brother Jean-Serge Bokassa in appealing to the Central African Republic government for reconciliation for his late father. The government agreed and granted Bokassa a posthumous pardon with Bokassa Jr. and his siblings agreeing to set up a foundation to fund compensation for victims of Bokassa's crimes whilst he was Emperor. He is currently a socialite living in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="7048326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048326" title="Artillery Battery">
Artillery Battery



</doc>
<doc id="7048331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048331" title="Alejandro Domínguez">
Alejandro Domínguez

Alejandro Dominguez or Alejandro Domínguez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7048333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048333" title="Coffee addict">
Coffee addict



</doc>
<doc id="7048343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048343" title="Annapolis Royal Generating Station">
Annapolis Royal Generating Station

The Annapolis Royal Generating Station was a tidal power generating station in the Bay of Fundy in Nova Scotia, Canada. When operational, it was the only tidal generating station in North America and was one of the few in the world. Located upstream of Annapolis Royal, Nova Scotia, it generated about 30 million kilowatt hours per year, enough for 4500 houses. Peak output was 20 megawatts.
The station was shut down in April 2019, after the Canadian Science Advisory Secretariat found substantial fish mortality caused by the turbine, and a crucial component failed within the generating system. For example, research from the 1980s showed almost one quarter of the American shad passing through were killed. The station operated 34 years, mostly with minimal regulatory scrutiny.
A causeway on the Annapolis River created a reservoir which powered a water turbine. Sluice gates in the causeway allowed the reservoir to be refilled by the incoming tide, and retain the water in the reservoir when the tide recedes. Power was only generated when the tide was out, for about five hours, twice a day.
Construction began in 1980, and it opened in 1984. It was constructed by Nova Scotia Power, at the time a provincial crown corporation.
The decision to build the facility was partly prompted by the promise of federal funding for this alternative energy project, and the existence of a rock-filled causeway which had been built on the Annapolis River in 1960 by the Maritime Marshlands Reclamation Authority to block the Bay of Fundy tides from entering the river to replace the function of the existing dykes along the river banks. The causeway housed the power house and sluice gates.
The blocking of water flow by the causeway has resulted in increased river bank erosion on both the upstream and downstream sides. The causeway is also known as a trap for marine life. In 2004, a mature humpback whale swam through the open sluice gate at slack tide, ending up trapped for several days in the upper part of the river before eventually finding its way out.

</doc>
<doc id="7048352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048352" title="Lakers vs. Celtics and the NBA Playoffs">
Lakers vs. Celtics and the NBA Playoffs



</doc>
<doc id="7048353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048353" title="Crown Prince Jean-Bédel">
Crown Prince Jean-Bédel



</doc>
<doc id="7048371" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048371" title="Toby Marks">
Toby Marks



</doc>
<doc id="7048374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048374" title="Felix Ermacora">
Felix Ermacora

Felix Ermacora (13 October 1923 – 24 February 1995) was a leading human rights expert of Austria and a member of the Austrian People's Party.
Biography.
In his youth, Ermacora served in the army of Nazi Germany at the rank of private.
He was a professor of international law at the University of Innsbruck from 1956, at the University of Vienna from 1964, member of Parliament for the Austrian People's Party from 1971 to 1990, member of the European Commission of Human Rights and the United Nations Human Rights Committee 1959-1980 and 1984–1987. In 1974 he was President of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, and from 1984 he was UN Special Rapporteur for Afghanistan. In 1992, he cofounded the Ludwig Boltzmann Institut für Menschenrechte, with his students and close collaborators Manfred Nowak and Hannes Tretter, and served as its first director.
He was part of UN delegations investigating human rights abuses in Chile, South Africa, occupied Palestine, Iran and Afghanistan. On behalf of the Council of Europe, he investigated human rights abuses in Algeria, Greece, Ireland, Turkey and Cyprus. As an academic, a legislator and a UN official, he fought unconditionally against injustice and human rights abuses. In an expert opinion commissioned by the Bavarian government in 1991, Ermacora concluded that the Expulsion of Germans after World War II constituted a genocide and crime against humanity. As the UN Special Rapporteur for Afghanistan, he uncovered "gross violations of human rights" by Soviet forces in Afghanistan, made public in a 1985 report.
He received the German Great Cross of Merit, Commander of the Ordre national du Mérite of France, Commander 1st Class of the Order of the Polar Star of Sweden, the European Charlemagne Award of the Sudetendeutsche Landsmannschaft, the UNESCO Prize for Human Rights Education in 1983 and the European Human Rights Prize of the Council of Europe in 1992 (jointly with Médecins Sans Frontières) for "an exceptional contribution to the cause of human rights". He received honorary doctorates at the universities of Cologne and Strasbourg, and was a corresponding member of the Austrian Academy of Sciences from 1971. He was also a board member of the International Society for Human Rights.
In 1999, the Felix Ermacora Institut was founded, and in 2005, the Felix Ermacora Human Rights Award was established by the Faction of the Conservative Party in the Austrian Parliament. The first prize winners of Felix Ermacora Human Rights Award were the Jesuit priest Georg Sporschill and ORF journalist Friedrich Orter. The Felix Ermacora Society was founded in 2005, and is headed by Wolfgang Schüssel, the former Austrian Chancellor.
His students include Andreas Khol, a former President of the Austrian parliament and, mosts prominently, Manfred Nowak.
He died in 1995, of a disease he caught on a UN mission in Afghanistan and Pakistan in December 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="7048379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048379" title="Line of succession to the Yugoslavia Throne">
Line of succession to the Yugoslavia Throne



</doc>
<doc id="7048387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048387" title="Aqua ammonia">
Aqua ammonia



</doc>
<doc id="7048389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048389" title="Auf Wiederseh’n Sweetheart">
Auf Wiederseh’n Sweetheart



</doc>
<doc id="7048409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048409" title="Ordrupgaard">
Ordrupgaard

Ordrupgaard is a state-owned art museum situated near Jægersborg Dyrehave, north of Copenhagen, Denmark. The museum houses one of Northern Europe's most important collections of Danish and French art from the 19th and beginning of the 20th century.
History.
Ordrupgaard was originally a country home built between 1916 and 1918 by Wilhelm Hansen and his wife Henny Nathalie Soelberg Jensen (1870-1951). Wilhelm Peter Henning Hansen was the Danish general representative of the English-based Life Insurance company Gresham for two decades. In 1896, he founded the Danish-based life insurance company Dansk Folkeforsikringsanstalt. Later, he also founded the internationally oriented insurance company Mundus. In 1905, Danish insurance company Hafnia appointed to their managing director. He held the office until 1936.
Wilhelm and Henny Hansen bought a large piece of land by Ordrup Krat, near Jægersborg Dyrehave, north of Copenhagen, Denmark. Between 1916 and 1918 they built their stately home Ordrupgaard, designed by architect Gotfred Tvede (1863–1947). At the same time an extensive park was laid out by landscape gardener Valdemar Fabricius Hansen (1866–1953). Ordrupgaard was inaugurated on 14 September 1918. In his opening speech, Wilhelm Hansen declared that the collection would be left to the Danish State.
In 1922, Wilhelm Hansen suffered a massive financial and personal loss. "Landmandsbanken", in which the Consortium had taken loans for the purchase of art works, collapsed. In order to pay off his debt Wilhelm Hansen sold more than half of his French collection – approximately 82 pieces. Among these were important works by Paul Cézanne, Édouard Manet and Paul Gauguin. Many of these works are now housed at the "Ny Carlsberg Glyptotek" in Copenhagen and "The National Museum of Western Art" in Tokyo. Wilhelm Hansen overcame the crisis and from 1923 to 1933 compensated for his losses by buying new, specifically French paintings, which are still at Ordrupgaard.
After the death of Wilhelm Hansen in 1936, his widow Henny Hansen lived on alone at Ordrupgaard. At her death in 1951, she left the collection, the house and the park to the Danish State, as Wilhelm Hansen had wished. In 1953, Ordrupgaard was opened to the public as a state-owned art museum.
On 30 August 2005, Ordrupgaard inaugurated the new extension designed by the Iraqi-born architect Zaha Hadid (1950–2016). The extension measures 1,150 sq.m. and has improved the space, climate and security conditions so that Ordrupgaard is now able to present special exhibitions at an international level. The extension is constructed in glass and black lava concrete joined to form a deconstructivistic and organic body. A further, largely-underground, extension, designed by Snøhetta, was inaugurated on 13 August 2021.
Collection.
Danish arts collection.
Wilhelm Hansen established his collection of Danish art covering the 19th to the beginning of the 20th century during the period of 1892 to 1916. The Danish Golden Age is comprehensively represented by works by, amongst others: Christoffer Wilhelm Eckersberg, Christen Købke, Johan Thomas Lundbye, P.C. Skovgaard and Wilhelm Marstrand. The main part of the collection, however, testifies to Wilhelm Hansen's interest for contemporary art with works by artists such as: L.A. Ring, Vilhelm Hammershøi and Theodor Philipsen, not forgetting the Fynbo Painters Johannes Larsen, Fritz Syberg and Peter Hansen, Wilhelm Hansen's childhood friend.
French fine arts collection.
During World War I, Wilhelm Hansen focused his interest on French art. From 1916 to 1918 he purchased French paintings, pastels, drawings and sculptures, thus laying the foundation for an actual art museum.
It was Wilhelm Hansen's great wish to acquaint the Danes with French 19th-century art. His first purchases were paintings by Alfred Sisley, Camille Pissarro, Claude Monet and Auguste Renoir. Wilhelm Hansen's main focus was on French Impressionism. In order, however, to put Impressionism into perspective, his collection also comprised the genres immediately preceding and following. Thus, Ordrupgaard is able to show Eugène Delacroix, representing Romanticism, Théodore Rousseau (the Barbizon School), Gustave Courbet (Realism), Édouard Manet (Modernism), and Paul Gauguin (Symbolism).
When purchasing French art, Wilhelm Hansen often took advice from the French art critic Théodore Duret (1838–1927).
Furniture and handicrafts collection.
Parallel to Wilhelm Hansen's interest in Danish and French art was his interest in furniture and handicrafts. He was especially interested in ceramics, chandeliers and furniture executed by architect, sculptor and ornamental artist Thorvald Bindesbøll (1846–1908).
Buildings.
Ordrupgaard was originally built as a three-winged trellised country mansion in the neo-classical style. The gallery which houses the French collection is connected to the main building by a small conservatory. Additionally, a porter's lodge, a driver's residence (now demolished) and a coach house (now named "Lavendelhuset"/ The Lavender House) were erected. A shed and a small half-timbered summerhouse comprise the rest of the original buildings on the estate.
Park.
The Park at Ordrupgaard is laid out in the English style with a smaller French-inspired rose garden, originally adorned by a ceramic fountain by Jean Gauguin (now placed in the conservatory due to conservational reasons).
The Park at Ordrupgaard originally functioned as a kitchen garden as well as a flower garden. The extensive produce and the many fruit trees sustained the family with fresh fruit and vegetables throughout the year while the rest of the grounds were used for leisure and contemplation.
From the summerhouse could be viewed, at the far end of the park (where now there is a meadow) a small lake encompassing an island complete with rowing boat. There were also small ponds around the grounds, which have since been filled in.
Finn Juhl house.
From 1941 to 1942, furniture designer Finn Juhl (1912–1989) designed and furnished his own house next door to Ordrupgaard. The house is one of the first functionalistic one-family houses in Denmark. Here Finn Juhl lived until his death in 1989. Finn Juhl's widow Hanne Wilhelm Hansen left the house and its interior unchanged. On 3 April 2008, the house opened as a separate, additional part of Ordrupgaard Art Museum, thanks to a private donation from Birgit Lyngbye Pedersen.

</doc>
<doc id="7048423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048423" title="Leontiev">
Leontiev



</doc>
<doc id="7048425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048425" title="Frank Mancuso Sr.">
Frank Mancuso Sr.

Frank G. Mancuso Sr. (born July 25, 1933) is an American former film studio executive. Mancuso was the chairman and CEO of Paramount Pictures between 1984 and 1991, and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer between 1993 and 1999, when he retired.
Career.
Mancuso started as an usher in a theater in Buffalo, New York and eventually ran the programming for the company's 50 theatres. 
Mancuso joined Paramount Pictures in 1962, booking films from their Buffalo office. He worked his way up through their sales division before becoming vice-president of domestic distribution in March 1977. He became senior vice-president in August 1978. In April 1979, he was promoted to executive vice-president for distribution and marketing taking over marketing responsibilities. In August 1980, he became president of Paramount's new Distribution division which also became responsible for acquiring films for distribution.
In 1983, Mancuso was promoted to president of Paramount's motion picture division and in September 1984 he was chosen instead of COO Michael Eisner to take over from the departing Barry Diller as chairman and chief executive officer. He appointed Ned Tanen to head the motion picture division. After falling from first place in 1984 to fourth in 1985, Paramount became the number one studio again in 1986 and 1987 with hits including "Top Gun", "Crocodile Dundee" (the top two grossing films of 1986), "", "Beverly Hills Cop II", "The Untouchables" and "Fatal Attraction".
Mancuso became a Governor of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in 1986 and in 1992, he became its secretary.
In March 1991, Mancuso left Paramount soon after Stanley Jaffe had joined and filed a $45 million lawsuit for breach of contract.
In 1993, Mancuso became chairman and CEO of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer until his retirement in 1999. He is currently the chairman of the Motion Picture and Television Fund Corporate Board of Directors. 
Awards &amp; recognition.
In 2010, Mancuso received a star on the Italian Walk of Fame in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
In 2011, Mancuso was awarded the National Italian American Foundation (NIAF) Jack Valenti Institute Award.
Personal life.
He is the father of producer Frank Mancuso Jr., and Maria Mancuso Gersh. Frank Mancuso lives in Los Angeles with his wife Fay.

</doc>
<doc id="7048427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048427" title="Wiley, Rein &amp; Fielding">
Wiley, Rein &amp; Fielding



</doc>
<doc id="7048429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048429" title="Roger W. Hanson">
Roger W. Hanson



</doc>
<doc id="7048434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048434" title="MANA-YOOD-SUSHAI">
MANA-YOOD-SUSHAI



</doc>
<doc id="7048439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048439" title="List of Baylor University people">
List of Baylor University people

This is a list of notable people associated with Baylor University in Waco, Texas, United States. To be included in this list, a person must have their own, existing Wikipedia article. The list includes notable alumni, faculty, and former students. 
Alumni.
Religion.
Zack Demetri Chapter Director at KLIFE St. Louis ELITE Husband to Taylor Demetri Women Director KLIFE St. Louis at and ELITE Father to Holly Demetri
Presidents.
The following is a list of presidents of Baylor University since 1846:
Table notes:

</doc>
<doc id="7048445" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048445" title="Cosmic aether">
Cosmic aether



</doc>
<doc id="7048448" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048448" title="TVN 7">
TVN 7

TVN7 is a Polish television channel specialising in action, drama and comedy shows and movies. Owned by TVN Group, the channel was launched in March 2002, replacing RTL 7.
History.
RTL 7 was launched on December 6, 1996 ("The Final Countdown" by Europe served as the background music during the countdown), and the first program broadcast was "The Spooktacular New Adventures of Casper". In the initial period of its activity, when creating the first schedule, the RTL 7 editorial team placed special emphasis on productions whose names were centered around the number seven.
Soon, the headquarters in Luxembourg introduced significant budget cuts, which meant that the station's financing was limited (even though the popularity of the RTL 7 channel was systematically growing over several years of its existence). In 1999, Universal Studios also withdrew from financing the station. At the end of March 2000, the news program 7 minut- Events of the Day was taken off the air, and the Zoom program a few months later. At the same time, the station's logo and graphic design were changed (which was modeled on the Dutch channel owned by CLT-UFA under the name Veronica in 1996–2001). In this way, the station wanted to distance itself from its old image. The channel's own production was reduced to zero. Another reason was the takeover of the Nasza TV channel that cooperated with RTL 7 (and renaming it to TV4) by Polsat. As a result, after several years of programming cooperation, the programs of the Luxembourg broadcaster were no longer retransmitted via terrestrial channels.
Finally, at the end of 2001, RTL 7 was purchased by the Polish ITI Group. On March 1, 2002, it was replaced by TVN Siedem, broadcasting mainly reruns of films and series from TVN's main channel.
On 1 September 2008, the station's image was refreshed. A new logo was introduced, based on the number seven, incorporated into a white and purple circle, and thus the name of the channel was changed to TVN 7. The station gained new graphics and music. The logo has been moved to the upper right corner of the screen.
The program was divided into thematic bands distinguished by a characteristic graphic language and color. The changed image of the channel was to define a new viewer profile - a young, active recipient from a big city. The changes were accompanied by the introduction of many new items to the schedule. 
From 1 September 2014, the fourth graphic design is on the air, dominated by the colors: orange, fuchsia and anthracite. A different logo also appeared, resembling the graphic symbol of the main station. The musical setting has also changed. Two new bands appeared on the station: the soap opera "Loving Afternoon" and the documentary "Dokument w Siódemce".
On 30 August 2021, the graphic design was changed and the logo was refreshed.
TVN 7 launched its HD version on 4 November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="7048450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048450" title="Jan van Almeloveen">
Jan van Almeloveen

Jan van Almeloveen (1656 – 1684) was a Dutch painter, engraver, and draughtsman of the 17th century, principally known for some neatly executed etchings of landscapes.
He was born in Mijdrecht, according to an inscription on his 1678 mezzotint portrait of his father, Johannes ab Almeloveen, a preacher in that city. He made 38 prints in total, all of which are etchings, mostly landscapes, including Dutch villages and rivers. Twenty of his landscape prints are based on the work of Dutch painter Herman Saftleven, with twelve depicting Dutch villages, and a series of four diamond-shaped prints of the "Four Seasons". The other prints were created from his own designs and are less lively in composition. He died sometime after 1683, the year written on his last known print.
His "Landscape with Harvesters" illustrates the mid-17th-century shift in Dutch landscape art from a fascination with agricultural work that was prevalent in the 16th century, to a recreational interest in the scenery and the pleasures of country life.

</doc>
<doc id="7048457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048457" title="U.S. Route 60 in Virginia">
U.S. Route 60 in Virginia

U.S. Route 60 (US 60) in the Commonwealth of Virginia runs west to east through the central part of the state, generally close to and paralleling the Interstate 64 corridor, except for the crossing of the Blue Ridge Mountains, and in the South Hampton Roads area.
Between Lexington in the Shenandoah Valley and Richmond, I-64 uses a lower elevation crossing of the Blue Ridge Mountains located about further north, where it runs parallel to U.S. Route 250 through Rockfish Gap. In contrast, through this section, the older US 60 is mostly a rural two-lane road. With the crossing of the Blue Ridge Mountains at Humphreys Gap at a higher altitude in more rugged terrain, US 60 in this area offers much more challenging and weather-sensitive driving conditions, as well as a history of many crashes in the years before I-64 was completed. (The original US 60 alignment through Glasgow, now US 501, is lower than either but much curvier than I-64.)
East of north–south U.S. Route 29 (which runs parallel to the eastern slope of the Blue Ridge), the older US 60 and I-64 gradually converge as they pass through the rolling hills of the rocky Piedmont region in an easterly direction to reach the Fall Line at Richmond, where they again become very close.
From Richmond east to the harbor area near the mouth of Hampton Roads, US 60 again essentially parallels I-64 through Williamsburg and the Historic Triangle region, extending down the Virginia Peninsula east to the Hampton Roads Bridge-Tunnel. A few miles south of the bridge-tunnel, in Norfolk, US 60 diverges to follow the south shoreline of the Chesapeake Bay through Ocean View and past the south entrance to the Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel to reach Cape Henry. There it curves south to run along the Atlantic Ocean shoreline to end near the south end of the Virginia Beach resort strip.
The first developed portions of US 60 in Virginia included the Manchester Turnpike, later known as the Midlothian Turnpike, west from Richmond and the James River and Kanawha Turnpike west of Lexington into West Virginia.
Route description.
In Virginia, as a through-route, U.S. 60 was largely replaced by Interstate 64. The latter is roughly parallel, although there is a separation of over 30 miles north and south between Lexington and Richmond.
In South Hampton Roads, the roads also separate. I-64 became part of the circumferential Hampton Roads Beltway and looping far south and west of Norfolk, rather than reaching the Atlantic Ocean. Although older, Route 60 continues its west to east travel, becoming the public roadway actually closest to the waters of the Chesapeake Bay and the Atlantic Ocean terminating near the traditional resort strip at Virginia Beach.
West Virginia to Lexington.
U.S. Route 60 enters the state concurrent with I-64 near the top of the Eastern Continental Divide in the Appalachian Mountains and crosses the portions of the Great Valley, passing the city of Covington, and town of Clifton Forge and the city of Lexington.
Blue Ridge Mountains to Richmond.
At Lexington, the newer Interstate route swings north, concurrent with I-81 to Staunton where it again turns east. The variation between the routes was largely due to terrain for the crossing of the Blue Ridge Mountains. U.S. 60 crosses at White's Gap; I-64 uses Rockfish Gap. East of the Blue Ridge, the two pathways gradually converge, meeting again at Richmond.
Although US 60 offers a bucolic interlude for many motorists in comparison with I-64, the western portion of the Lexington-Richmond section of US 60 can be very difficult to drive, especially for larger vehicles such as motor homes and commercial vehicles, or any vehicles during inclement weather. It was notorious for deadly crashes in the years before I-64 was completed.
I-64 via Rockfish Gap, Charlottesville.
The newer I-64 uses Rockfish Gap, a lower elevation wind gap which was also selected for a vital railroad crossing by Virginia's legendary 19th century state engineer, Claudius Crozet. Even that crossing, at Afton Mountain, can be very treacherous, and has been particularly notorious for accidents during reduced periods of visibility, motivating the state to install an innovative pavement lighting system. East of the mountain, I-64 passes Charlottesville and has easy grades on its way to Richmond.
Older route via Buena Vista, Amherst, Cumberland.
From Lexington, US 60 runs easterly across the Blue Ridge Mountains. The switchbacks and grades along the crossing of the Blue Ridge Mountains still used by U.S. 60 combine to form a very hilly and treacherous section. The east of Lexington become virtually impassable by most vehicles during inclement weather, particularly snow and ice. A short distance east of Interstate 81, as it passes through Buena Vista, even before leaving the city limits, the roadway immediately begins a steep climb. The roadway has many switchbacks and on both the eastern and western slopes, with White's Gap at the peak. After descending on the eastern side, travelers reach Amherst, where Route 60 intersects north–south U.S. Route 29.
Continuing east, there is an additional shorter section of mountainous terrain before the road levels out somewhat into the rolling Piedmont region through the middle belt of the state. At Sprouse's Corner in Buckingham County, north–south U.S. Route 15 is crossed. This is the last major intersection until reaching the outskirts of Richmond.
The road is two lanes for most of its journey eastward from Lexington, but widens to four lanes in Powhatan Virginia. Crossing into Chesterfield County, it intersects State Route 288, a semi-circumferential expressway around the southwestern quadrant of Metropolitan Richmond and becoming Midlothian Turnpike.
Richmond.
East of VA-288, Route 60 continues a few miles into the community of Midlothian. From this point east, the road becomes almost a continuous business district and widens to six lanes through the urban parts of Chesterfield County and the westernmost portion in the city of Richmond.
U.S. 60 in the Richmond area enters on Midlothian Turnpike. The road largely follows the path of the old Manchester Turnpike, built early in the 18th century. Nearby, remnants of the Chesterfield Railroad, first in Virginia can be seen just south of the current highway. Midlothian was the site of coal mines after about 1700, with product transported overland to Manchester which was Richmond's sister city south of the river (until they merged in 1910). At Manchester, ships could dock in the navigable waters of the James River just east of the fall line.
U.S. Route 60 crosses the James River on the Manchester Bridge into downtown Richmond. Nearby in Richmond, it crosses U.S. Route 360, technically a spur. From Richmond, U.S. 360 extends southwest to Danville, Virginia just north of the North Carolina border and northeast to Reedville, Virginia on the Chesapeake Bay.
Rt. 60 leaves the Church Hill section of Richmond on Government Road and the Williamsburg Road, which follows the old Richmond-Williamsburg Stage Road for some distance in Henrico County. This area was the scene of several major American Civil War battles during the Peninsula Campaign in 1862, and the roadway borders federal cemeteries at Government Road near the city limits and at Seven Pines. There Nine Mile Road brings State Route 33 to the intersection.
Richmond to Hampton Roads.
East of downtown Richmond, US 60 again parallels I-64 east along the Virginia Peninsula through the much flatter coastal plains of the Tidewater region of Virginia to reach the harbor at Hampton Roads. Most of the route immediately east of Richmond is two laned. In the years before I-64 was built, a hilly three-laned portion of US 60 in eastern Henrico County east of Seven Pines (and the junction of much newer I-295) was infamous for many years for its center "suicide lane". Most of this section is now two-laned, with the center lane area reserved for turning lanes.
East of Bottoms Bridge, in New Kent County and western James City County, US 60 is a lightly traveled four-lane divided highway that is sometimes used as an alternate route to Interstate 64 when the latter becomes congested. Near Anderson's Corner at the junction of Virginia State Route 30 (near I-64 at exit 227), US 60 swings somewhat south to pass through Toano and Norge to reach Williamsburg, which I-64 bypasses slightly to the north. (First designated through the area in the late 1920s, US 60 also has a shorter bypass of the Historic District which encompasses most Colonial Williamsburg attractions). At Williamsburg, the National Park Service's Colonial Parkway leads to both Jamestown and Yorktown.
At milepost 238 on I-64, Virginia State Route 143 begins. As Colonial Williamsburg opened, this four-laned route was built in the 1930s as Merrimack Trail to supplement US Route 60. It parallels both US 60 and I-64 all the way east through Williamsburg, James City, and York counties, and through Newport News to reach Fort Monroe (near the Hampton Roads Bridge-Tunnel) in Hampton.
East of Williamsburg, US 60 passes the multiple Anheuser Busch developments in James City County, which include an office park, the Kingsmill Resort, its Williamsburg brewery, and the Busch Gardens Williamsburg theme park. East of there, US 60 narrows again to two lanes, passing through the historic Grove Community and past Carter's Grove Plantation in southeastern James City County.
Newport News.
After crossing Skiffe's Creek, the roadway enters the Lee Hall section of the city of Newport News, where it becomes Warwick Boulevard, a major thoroughfare in the independent city, and stretches over to downtown Newport News.
Warwick Boulevard, once a major through traffic route, and now mostly a local connector road, is largely paralleled by newer highways, Interstate 64 and State Route 143 (Jefferson Avenue). These, with more lanes and higher speed limits, in combination with Warwick Boulevard, form the major east–west highways through modern-day Newport News.
The road was named for the former Warwick County, Virginia, one of the original eight shires of Virginia which consolidated with the City of Newport News in 1958 and assumed the better-known name. Warwick County was named in 1634 for Robert Rich (1587–1658), second Earl of Warwick and a prominent member of the Virginia Company of London, the proprietary venture which founded Jamestown in 1607. The western reaches of Warwick Boulevard transverse the Denbigh area, long the county seat of Warwick County.
A notable section of Huntington Avenue (the block between 25th and 26th streets) carries US 60 in both directions overlapping, and is possibly the only example of a highway in the United States with such a configuration.
Notable sites along Warwick Boulevard or close by, west to east, include:
Several miles east of Lee Hall, the road widens to four lanes near the entrance to Fort Eustis. From there, as Warwick Boulevard, US 60 stretches about to reach downtown Newport News. In the early 21st century, Newport News was in the midst of a widening project to expand portions of Warwick Boulevard to six lanes. Another project in Newport News to relocate and widen the portion of Route 60 west of Fort Eustis and construct a new crossing of Skiffe's Creek is in a planning stage.
Route 60 follows 25th Street out of downtown Newport News into the city of Hampton.
Hampton.
When it enters Hampton, 25th Street becomes Kecoughtan Road and Route 60 follows it to downtown. It runs through the Wythe and Southhampton neighborhoods, forming the northern boundary of the Olde Wythe Historic District. In the 1940s and 50s Kecoughtan Road was one of Hampton and Newport News's primary commercial centers.
It then turns onto Settlers' Landing Road and follows it through downtown Hampton and across Hampton River on the Booker T. Washington Bridge to join Interstate 64 in crossing Hampton Roads in the Hampton Roads Bridge Tunnel. (As a historical note, prior to 1957, when the bridge-tunnel was completed, the crossing was via a car ferry service. The bridge-tunnel was expanded to 4 lanes and tolls removed in the mid-1970s.)
Notable sites along US-60 in Hampton or close by, west to east, include:
South Hampton Roads: a shoreline route to Virginia Beach.
After passing the tip of Willoughby Spit and a bridge across the north shore of Willoughby Bay, back on land, US 60 exits I-64. The Interstate continues southerly into Norfolk as part of the Hampton Roads Beltway, and in conjunction with Interstate 264, generally offers the fastest way to reach the oceanfront area of Virginia Beach. 
However, US 60 offers a more scenic, if perhaps slower, alternative, by sticking to the shoreline of the bay and ocean to reach the same destination. After leaving I-64, US 60 shifts onto Ocean View Avenue, a four lane boulevard following the southern shoreline of the Chesapeake Bay, going through the Ocean View area of Norfolk.
At East Ocean View, then roadway swings away from the bay front and becomes Shore Drive, passing the entrance to the Naval Amphibious Base Little Creek at Little Creek, Virginia as it heads east into the city of Virginia Beach. After passing the Navy Base, Shore Drive again runs close to the bay front and crosses US 13 near the southern terminus of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel. US 60 continues as a 4-lane divided highway as it crosses over Lynnhaven Inlet on the Lesner Bridge and towards the First Landing State Park and Joint Expeditionary Base East at Cape Henry. At the end of the state park, the roadway briefly is called 83rd Street as it curves onto Atlantic Avenue, running parallel to the oceanfront from a few hundred feet to a block or so to the west passing through most of the most developed portion of the Oceanfront area of the resort city.
From Joint Expeditionary Base East to the terminus, the routing of US 60 is geographically north–south although it is signed as an east–west route. When Atlantic Avenue meets Pacific Avenue, US 60 continues straight onto Pacific Avenue, through the entire resort strip, passing 32nd Street, where it meets the eastern terminus of US 58, and 22nd and 21st Streets, which lead to and from the eastern terminus of both the former Virginia Beach-Norfolk Expressway (now I-264) respectively, continuing to meet the original Virginia Beach Boulevard at 17th Street. It then continues along Pacific over the Rudee Inlet Bridge to the highway's eastern terminus at the intersection of Harbour Point and Rudee Point Road in Virginia Beach. The road itself continues southwest back into the city as General Booth Boulevard.
History.
The Manchester Turnpike was a turnpike road in Chesterfield County, and was the first lengthy paved roadway in that state. It stretched from Manchester (now part of Richmond's Southside) west to Falling Creek near Midlothian, and is now known as Midlothian Turnpike, mostly forming part of US 60. In 1802, Chesterfield County's coal manufacturers and residents petitioned the Virginia General Assembly for permission to construct a turnpike between the port of Manchester and Falling Creek. The improved road was opened to travelers in 1804, and ran from Manchester along the old Buckingham road to Falling Creek, now the bridge on Old Buckingham Road west of Unison Drive.

</doc>
<doc id="7048458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048458" title="US 60 (WV)">
US 60 (WV)



</doc>
<doc id="7048461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048461" title="Gods of Pegana">
Gods of Pegana



</doc>
<doc id="7048463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048463" title="SS Royston Grange (1959)">
SS Royston Grange (1959)

SS "Royston Grange" was a Houlder Line refrigerated cargo liner steamship that was built in England in 1959. In 1972 she collided with the tanker "Tien Chee" in the Río de la Plata. The resulting fire killed all 74 people aboard "Royston Grange" and eight people aboard "Tien Chee". "Royston Grange"s burnt-out hulk was scrapped in Spain in 1979.
Royston or Roystone Grange is an 18th-century farmstead next to the site of a medieval monastic grange at Ballidon in Derbyshire, England. Houlder Line had named ships after several English granges, including Royston, since the 1890s. This ship was the company's fifth and last "Royston Grange".
Building.
Hawthorn Leslie (Shipbuilders) Ltd. built "Royston Grange" in 1959, launching her on 23 June and completing her that December. She was long, her beam was and her depth was . She had a single screw, driven by two steam turbines via reduction gearing. Between them the two turbines developed 8,500 shp and gave her a speed of .
"Royston Grange"s holds were refrigerated to carry perishable cargo such as meat and dairy products. Her refrigeration system was electrically powered and its refrigerant was freon gas. Her refrigeration room was at the starboard side of her engine room. The gas was compressed, then cooled and injected into a large evaporation cylinder which then supercooled brine that was circulated through the evaporator. The supercooled brine was pumped at three temperature levels to the various cargo holds where the brine circulated through fan blown radiators to cool the cargo.
"Royston Grange"s superstructure was in two separate parts. Her bridge was amidships, above accommodation for her deck officers and 12 passengers. Accommodation for her crew and engineering officers was slightly aft, and also included her four lifeboats. The hatch to one of her holds separated the two parts of her accommodation. Such a division of the superstructure was not unique for ships of her era, e.g. Royal Mail Lines' and "Three Graces" "Amazon" (1959), "Aragon" (1959) and "Arlanza" (1960). But it was very unusual for a Houlder Line ship.
Hawthorn Leslie built a sister ship and running mate, "Hardwicke Grange". She was launched on 21 October 1960 and completed in March 1961. The two ships carried chilled and frozen produce from the River Plate ports of Argentina and Uruguay to London, Liverpool and ports in the Bristol Channel.
Collision and disaster.
In May 1972 "Royston Grange" loaded a cargo of chilled and frozen beef and butter in Buenos Aires. She embarked 12 passengers, including six women and a five-year-old child, and left port bound for London. At 0540 hrs on 11 May "Royston Grange" was in the Punta Indio Channel, southwest of Montevideo, Uruguay, under the direction of an Argentine maritime pilot, in dense fog.
Also in the Punta Indio channel, inbound to the River Plate, was the Liberian-registered tanker "Tien Chee" carrying 20,000 tons of crude oil. "Tien Chee" was also under the direction of an Argentine pilot.
According to maritime rules, the two ships should have passed each other's port sides. But "Royston Grange"s bow struck "Tien Chee"s port side, rupturing the tanker's number seven wing tank. "Tien Chee"s cargo caught fire, which almost instantly spread to "Royston Grange", and the butter in the latter's cargo contributed to the intensity of the fire. The collision also ruptured "Royston Grange"s refrigeration tanks.
"Royston Grange"s passengers and many of her crew would have been asleep. The effects of the fire killed all 61 of her crew, all 12 passengers and her Argentine pilot, and also eight Chinese members of "Tien Chee"s crew. Argentine Naval Prefecture cutters rescued from "Tien Chee" 32 surviving members of her crew and her Argentine pilot. The majority of the crew and half the passengers in "Royston Grange" were British nationals, exceptions being a Dutch boatswain and an American able seaman from the crew, an Australian, a New Zealander, two Germans and two Argentine passengers.
The collision swung "Tien Chee" across the channel, grounding her and blocking all traffic in or out of Buenos Aires. Uruguayan tugs with water hoses doused the fire aboard both ships.
Aftermath.
Houlder Line flew 130 relatives of the victims to Uruguay for a mass funeral of the victims. On 20 May 1972 their remains, mostly little more than ashes and charred bones, were buried in six urns in two communal graves in The British Cemetery Montevideo. The funeral was followed by a memorial service in London on 8 June at the parish church of All Hallows-by-the-Tower. One of the windows of All Hallows now includes a stained glass panel commemorating all who died aboard "Royston Grange".
"Royston Grange" was initially towed to Montevideo. The recovery of her smouldering hull by the Uruguayan Navy led to confrontation with the Argentine patrol boats ARA "King" and ARA "Murature", which had been ordered to tow the wreck to Buenos Aires. This was one of a series of maritime incidents that prompted the governments of Argentina and Uruguay to negotiate a new treaty on their maritime frontier, which was concluded the following year.
In March 1974, "Royston Grange" was towed to Barcelona, where her scrapping began on 20 May 1979. "Tien Chee" was scrapped at Buenos Aires in August 1976.
Investigations.
Argentina, Liberia and the United Kingdom all investigated the disaster. Argentina initially detained "Tien Chee"s master, pending the outcome of its investigation.
The Liberian inquiry concluded that "Tien Chee"s master and pilot, in an attempt to get enough water for her deep draught, had probably navigated too far to the south side of the channel, forcing "Royston Grange" farther south onto the shelf that formed its southern boundary. The bank deflected "Royston Grange", causing her to shear to port and strike "Tien Chee".
The officers of "Royston Grange", it concluded, were probably not to blame, although there may have been some human error in trying to avoid the collision. The master and pilot of "Tien Chee" probably should not have entered the channel in the first place in the tidal conditions prevailing at the time. The report severely criticised the lack of maintenance of the channel.
In 1972 the United Kingdom held a preliminary inquiry under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894. In 1973 the UK's National Physical Laboratory also conducted tank tests to understand the technical circumstances that led to the collision.
In June 1973 in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, opposition MP John Prescott claimed that Argentina did not comply with an IMCO recommendation that interested parties should be allowed to attend the inquiry into the disaster. The Minister of State for Aerospace and Shipping, Michael Heseltine, stated that UK inspectors were not allowed access to "Tien Chee" or to take statements from witnesses pending the holding of the judicial inquiry, but were later shown a record of the proceedings and given a report of the inquiry. They were also invited to attend the final stages of the administrative tribunal. Heseltine also said he was "favourably impressed by the quality of the Liberian Board's findings", and considered that a further inquiry by the United Kingdom would be unlikely to reach different conclusions.

</doc>
<doc id="7048465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048465" title="Cosmic ether">
Cosmic ether



</doc>
<doc id="7048474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048474" title="Steel reinforcement">
Steel reinforcement



</doc>
<doc id="7048477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048477" title="Ráðbarðr">
Ráðbarðr

Ráðbarðr, Raðbarðr or "Rathbarth" was a legendary king of Garðaríki, who appears in "Sögubrot af nokkrum fornkonungum" and the "Lay of Hyndla".
Attestations.
"Sögubrot".
"Sögubrot" tells that he married the fugitive princess Auðr the Deep-Minded, the daughter of Ivar Vidfamne, without the consent of her father king Ivar Vidfamne, who soon departed to punish his daughter. He died en route, however, and so Ráðbarðr helped Auð's son Harald Wartooth claim his maternal grandfather's possessions in Sweden and Denmark.
"Lay of Hyndla".
The twenty-eighth stanza of the "Lay of Hyndla" describes the family of Harald Wartooth. It says that Ráðbarðr was the father (presumably by Auðr, given the context) of Randver.

</doc>
<doc id="7048490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048490" title="Cool For Cats">
Cool For Cats



</doc>
<doc id="7048492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048492" title="What You Meant">
What You Meant



</doc>
<doc id="7048496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048496" title="Reinforcing steel">
Reinforcing steel



</doc>
<doc id="7048502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048502" title="Juan Pablo Galavis">
Juan Pablo Galavis

Juan Pablo Galavis Guinand (; born August 5, 1981) is an American-born Venezuelan television personality and former professional soccer player. In 2013, he was chosen as the first Latino star of the ABC-TV reality show "The Bachelor" after 17 editions.
Early life and football career.
Galavis was born in Ithaca, New York, to Venezuelan parents Saul Galavis and Nelly Guinand and is the second of three siblings; he moved with his family to Barquisimeto, Venezuela, when he was 2 years old. 
He returned to the United States to play soccer at Roberts Wesleyan College, where as of 2006 he was tied with two others for that team's third-highest number of assists (25). After several seasons playing as a midfielder in the Primera División Venezolana with Dep. Italchacao, Monagas SC, Aragua FC and Guaros FC, he joined Miami FC in February 2008.
Entertainment career.
He left football after his 2008 season with Miami and began his career in the music business with promotional work in the Miami bar and club scene. Around this time, he also began working with Venezuelan musician/songwriters Frank Santofimio and Mario Donoso. They began promoting Venezuelan duet Chino y Nacho.
Galavis began filming television commercials and had a short stint working as a television presenter for a Miami-based sports show, Mega TV's "Mega News".
Galavís appeared as a contestant on the ABC reality-television dating competition "The Bachelorette" in May 2013, but was eliminated midway in the season. On August 5, 2013, ABC announced he would star in season 18 of "The Bachelor", scheduled to premiere in January 2014. As a Latino, he was the first person from an ethnic minority to be chosen as a Bachelor after 17 previous editions.
After receiving a call from Daniel Morales in March 2016 and listened to his music, Galavis created a strategy to relaunch the artist, change his name, took down all his songs from the platforms and helped with the A&amp;R and marketing. On Sep 16, 2016, Galavis released the song "Me Rehuso" and the English version "Baby I Won't", where "Me Rehuso" became one of the biggest hits of 2017. The art cover music video has over 1B views, being one of the most viewed videos with only a cover art.
The song made a huge impact and helped Galavis and Daniel Morales known as Danny Ocean, sign a multi-million-dollar record deal with Warner Music Latin and Atlantic Records. Also Juan Pablo helped Daniel close a deal with SonyATV on the publishing side.
Currently Juan Pablo Galavis is developing different artists, producers and writers with RedWine Management and created a sports division, RedWine Sports, where he represents soccer players.
Personal life.
Galavis and his former girlfriend, Venezuelan actress Carla Rodríguez, have a daughter named Camila, born in 2009; His daughter competed in season 22 of "American Idol". He chose Nikki Ferrell on season 18 of "The Bachelor," but the two ended their relationship in October 2014. In 2016, he began dating Venezuelan model and TV host Osmariel Villalobos. On August 7, 2017, it was announced that the two had married. In 2019, they divorced.

</doc>
<doc id="7048507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048507" title="Circadian (5th Projekt album)">
Circadian (5th Projekt album)

Circadian is a concept album and the first full-length studio album by 5th Projekt. It was released on August 29, 2006 on 5th Projekt's Organik Rekords. It explores the metaphysical relationship of humanity as it coexists with its environment and the cycles of which both partake and create. Music and lyrics were written by Tara Rice and/or Sködt D. McNalty.
Album concept.
Circadian resulted from an interest in the effects of cycles and in the ways human individual rhythms interact with nature. It was produced by 5th Projekt, recorded from May–November 2005 at Toronto's Chemical Sound with James Heidebrecht, mixed by Ken Andrews (formerly of the band Failure), and mastered by Juno nominee João Carvalho, the album takes on the themes of balance and discovery.
The journey begins "In a Coma," "inspired by Yevgeny Zamyatin's 1924 novel "We", a precursor to dystopian classics as "Brave New World" and "Nineteen Eighty-Four". The opening piece sets the pace for the dreamlike lyrical exploration and the atmospheric compositions that characterize the album.
In "One to Throw Away," the central theme of disdain for the blatant disregard of ecosystems, both within ourselves and in the world around us, comes to light while the music paints a backdrop of darkness.
Artwork.
The CD album was hand packaged in circular aluminum tins reminiscent of old cinema reel canisters, symbolic for the bands' cinematic sound and also for the conceptual approach to infinite cycles as they are influenced by the heavenly orbs of the sun and moon. The lid of the tin displays an ambigram of the title "Circadian," further emphasizing the predominant themes of unity and balance. Reinforcing these themes, the liner notes are also bound in a circular booklet depicting a clear glossed graphic interpretation of an eclipse on the front and back covers. The CD album face is silkscreened in an homage to the vinyl 45s that were instrumental in leading each member to fall in love with music as young children, and complete the cycle by becoming the music maker later in their lives.
Personnel on all cuts.
with
Additional Personnel:

</doc>
<doc id="7048510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048510" title="WRF">
WRF

WRF may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7048518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048518" title="Escambe">
Escambe

Escambe (also known as San Cosme y San Damián de Cupaica, San Damián de Cupaica, San Cosmo y San Damías de Escambe, or San Damián de Cupahica) was a Spanish Franciscan mission built in the 17th century in the Florida Panhandle, three miles northwest of the present-day town of Tallahassee, Florida. It was part of Spain's effort to colonize the region, and convert the Timucuan and Apalachee Indians to Christianity. The mission lasted until 1704, when it was destroyed by a group of Creek Indians and South Carolinians.
The site where the original mission stood was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on May 14, 1971.
San Damián de Cupaica was founded in 1639, the third Spanish mission in Apalachee Province. San Damián survived James Moore's invasion of Apalachee Province in January 1704, but was captured by Creek warriors in June 1704. When the Spanish abandoned their headquarters in San Luis de Talimali later that year, leaving all of the Apalachee Province unprotected, residents of Cupaica joined other Apalachees, Chatatos and Yemassees in migrating to the area of Pensacola, Florida.
A later mission named San Joseph de Escambe was established in 1741 at the present-day community of Molino, Florida along the Escambia River north of Pensacola, lending its name both to the river and later to Escambia County, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="7048519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048519" title="Oklahoma State Highway 11">
Oklahoma State Highway 11

State Highway 11 (abbreviated SH-11) is a state highway in Oklahoma. It runs in an irregular west-to-east path across the northern part of the state, from U.S. Highway 281 (US-281) north of Alva to Interstate 244 (I-244) / US-412 in Tulsa. There is one letter-suffixed spur highway branching from SH-11, SH-11A.
Route description.
From its beginning at US-281, SH-11 travels east through the town of Capron. later, it reaches SH-8. SH-11 and SH-8 overlap for , passing through the town of Burlington along the way. SH-8 / SH-11 meet SH-58 east of Burlington, and turn south, forming a three-route concurrency. The combined route passes through the unincorporated community of Driftwood and intersects US-64 just west of the town of Ingersoll. At this point, SH-11 turns to the east, leaving SH-8 and SH-58.
SH-11 passes through the northern part of Great Salt Plains State Park, and after , intersects with SH-38. SH-11 continues on another , before intersecting with SH-132. Six miles to the east, SH-11's only spur route, SH-11A, branches off to the north, connecting to the town of Wakita. SH-11 travels another to the east, intersecting US-81 in Medford, the seat of Grant County. After leaving Medford, SH-11 runs another to the east, passing through Numa (unincorporated), before its junction with SH-74. From there, SH-11 heads east for , passing through Deer Creek and running just to the north of Nardin (unincorporated), intersecting I-35 west of Blackwell.
SH-11 is four lanes divided for the to its junction with US-177 in Blackwell, then reverts to two lanes for the to its junction with US-77, south of Newkirk. Here, the route turns south, joining with US-77 for , before turning back to the east north of Ponca City. After , SH-11 passes through Kaw City, and crosses Kaw Lake, then runs another to SH-18, in Shidler.
SH-11 then joins with SH-18 for , running south through the Osage County oil fields. Just east of Burbank, SH-11 leaves SH-18 for a concurrency with US-60 across the rolling Osage prairie to Pawhuska, the seat of Osage County. SH-11 then turns south on a five-mile (8 km) concurrency with SH-99, then turns back to the east, passing through more rugged terrain, through Pershing and Tallant (both unincorporated), before entering the oil town of Barnsdall later.
Just east of Barnsdall, SH-11 serves as the southern terminus of SH-123, which connects to Woolaroc Museum. SH-11 then heads roughly southeast, through Wolco (unincorporated), and skirts Avant, turning due south upon entering Tulsa County, before intersecting SH-20 on the east end of Skiatook.
After leaving Skiatook, SH-11 continues south as Cincinnati Avenue in Tulsa County, and later, doglegs a mile to the east at Sperry. SH-11 then resumes its path to the south as Peoria Avenue, passes through Turley (unincorporated), and enters the city of Tulsa at 56th Street North. SH-11 is a four-lane arterial street along Peoria Avenue, and at 36th Street North, turns to the east, going 1½ miles to US-75, the Cherokee Expressway. SH-11 briefly overlaps southbound US-75, then turns back to the east as the Gilcrease Expressway, passing by Tulsa International Airport before arcing back to the south. It then reaches its eastern terminus at I-244 / US-412 in east Tulsa.
SH-11A.
State Highway 11A is a short state highway in Grant County. It runs for from SH-11 north to the town of Wakita.

</doc>
<doc id="7048523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048523" title="J. Patton Anderson">
J. Patton Anderson



</doc>
<doc id="7048528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048528" title="ISO 10957">
ISO 10957



</doc>
<doc id="7048536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048536" title="J. P. McCown">
J. P. McCown



</doc>
<doc id="7048537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048537" title="Steel fixer">
Steel fixer

A steel fixer (UK, ironworker or "rod buster" in the United States) is a tradesman who positions and secures steel reinforcing bars, also known as rebar, and steel mesh used in reinforced concrete on construction projects.
The work involves following engineering drawings that detail the type of bar and the spacing used and setting out the work. The reinforcing bars are tied together with wire, which is cut using nips, or electric rebar tiers. Steel fixers are also responsible for attaching "spacers" and "chairs" that determine the amount of concrete cover.

</doc>
<doc id="7048538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048538" title="Modðryð">
Modðryð



</doc>
<doc id="7048539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048539" title="Pinning force">
Pinning force

Pinning force is a force acting on a pinned object from a pinning center. In solid state physics, this most often refers to the vortex pinning, the pinning of the magnetic vortices (magnetic flux quanta, Abrikosov vortices) by different kinds of the defects in a type II superconductor. Important quantities are the "individual" maximal pinning force, which defines the depinning of a single vortex, and an "average" pinning force, which defines the depinning of the correlated vortex structures and can be associated with the critical current density (the maximal density of non-dissipative current). The interaction of the correlated vortex lattice with system of pinning centers forms the magnetic phase diagram of the vortex matter in superconductors. This phase diagram is especially rich for high temperature superconductors (HTSC) where the thermo-activation processes are essential.
The pinning mechanism is based on the fact that the amount of grain boundary area is reduced when a particle is located on a grain boundary. It is also assumed that particles are spherical and the particle-matrix interface is incoherent. When a moving grain boundary meets a particle at an angle formula_1, the particle exerts a pinning force formula_2 on the grain boundary that is equal to formula_3; with formula_4 the particle radius and formula_5 the energy per unit of grain boundary area.

</doc>
<doc id="7048545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048545" title="Overcrowding">
Overcrowding

Overcrowding or crowding is the condition where more people are located within a given space than is considered tolerable from a safety and health perspective. Safety and health perspectives depend on current environments and on local cultural norms. Overcrowding may arise temporarily or regularly, in the home, in public spaces or on public transport. Overcrowding in the home can cause particular concern, since the home is an individual's place of shelter.
Effects on quality of life due to crowding may include increased physical contact, lack of sleep, lack of privacy and poor hygiene practices.
While population density offers an objective measure of the number of people living per unit area, overcrowding refers to people's psychological response to density. However, definitions of crowding used in statistical reporting and for administrative purposes depend on density measures and do not usually incorporate people's perceptions of crowding.
Measures of overcrowding.
United States.
The American Housing Survey is conducted by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) every two years. A 2007 literature review conducted for HUD's Office of Policy Development and Research found that the most commonly used measures of overcrowding are persons-per-room or persons-per-bedroom. The United States uses persons per room, and considers a household crowded if there is more than one person per room, and severely crowded if more than 1.5 persons share a room.
World Health Organization.
The World Health Organization is concerned with overcrowding of sleeping accommodation primarily as a risk for the spread of tuberculosis and has attempted to develop measurement indicators. 
United Kingdom.
The Housing Act 1985 states:
"The room standard is contravened when the number of persons sleeping in a dwelling and the number of rooms available as sleeping accommodation is such that two persons of opposite sex who are not living together as husband and wife must sleep in the same room. For this purpose, children under the age of ten shall be left out of account, and a room is available as sleeping accommodation if it is of a type normally used in the locality either as a bedroom or as a living room."
The Housing Act describes how many persons are permitted per room, as well as amount of floor space per room as outlined in the table below. Children under 1 year are not counted, and children between 1 and 10 years are counted as half a unit. 
European Union.
Eurostat uses a stricter definition of overcrowding, known as 'the Bedroom Standard'. An overcrowded household is defined as one which has fewer rooms than the sum of:
For example, a household of a single person living alone is considered overcrowded unless he or she has a living room which is separate from the bedroom (points 1 and 3 apply). However, while the Bedroom Standard is generally advocated by policy advocates, statutory space and occupancy standards are usually either less generous, partial (for instance they apply to social housing only) or non-existent.
According to Eurostat, in 2011, 17.1% of EU population lived in overcrowded households by the above definition, with the number varying strongly between countries: the overcrowding rate stood at 43.1% in 12 newest member states compared to only 10.1% in 15 oldest members. Within the EU post-communist states, the extent to which the commodification of housing has improved occupancy standards appeared to be modest. For instance, during 2005-2010 the percentage of overcrowded population in Romania and Latvia remained the highest in the EU (55%). Conversely, the Czech Republic showed the best performance in 2010, with overcrowding falling from 33% to 22% over the period, becoming lower than in Italy and Greece. In the remaining EU post-communist states, overcrowding fell moderately over the period, accounting for 35-49% in 2010. Lifecycle has remained a powerful determinant of overcrowding. Eastern Europeans aged under 18 are on average 2.5 times more likely to experience overcrowding than those aged over 65. Affordability problems of young adults, who had to delay home leaving, contributed to unrelenting overcrowding, but so did the legacy of a housing stock composed of many small dwellings. In the EU post-communist states, between 51 and 87% of dwellings had no more than three rooms.
Sweden.
Swedish statistics and politics have used three different definitions over the years:
The most dramatic change took place according to "norm 2" between 1960 and 1975 because of the Million Programme. Of the households that are regarded as overcrowded according to "norm 3", two thirds are single persons living in 1-room apartments without a separate living room.
Solutions.
In response to overcrowding on public transport, cities and transport operators are turning to technology for solutions. For example, the London Assembly is exploring modern carriage designs and apps that guide commuters to less crowded carriages. Technologies like Wi-Fi tracking and mobile signal analysis are being trialed to monitor passenger flows and optimize train capacity. These initiatives aim to improve commuter experience by reducing overcrowding and enhancing the efficiency of public transport systems.
Cities like New York and Boston are leveraging open data and cross-agency collaboration to tackle overcrowding. By gathering detailed data on housing, occupancy, and zoning violations, cities can preemptively address potential overcrowding and efficiently allocate resources for inspections and enforcement. This approach also includes innovative measures like monitoring illegal conversions and using predictive analytics to identify at-risk properties.

</doc>
<doc id="7048549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048549" title="Well That Was Easy">
Well That Was Easy



</doc>
<doc id="7048550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048550" title="Cathy (disambiguation)">
Cathy (disambiguation)

Cathy is an American gag-a-day comic strip. Cathy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7048553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048553" title="Project Juno">
Project Juno

Project Juno was a privately funded campaign which selected Helen Sharman to be the first Briton in space.
As the United Kingdom did not, at that time, have a human spaceflight programme (until the UK joined the human spaceflight elements of ESA's exploration programme in December 2012, which led to Tim Peake's ESA mission in 2015), a private consortium was formed to raise money to pay the Soviet Union for a seat on a Soyuz mission to the Mir space station. The Soviet Union had recently flown Toyohiro Akiyama, a Japanese journalist, under a similar arrangement.
Selection.
A call for applicants was publicized in the UK (one ad read "Astronaut wanted. No experience necessary"), leading to 13,000 applications. Juno selected four candidates to train in the Soviet Union: 
Eventually Mace and Sharman were selected to continue full-time training at Star City. After learning Russian and familiarising themselves with the science programme, Smith and Brooks were employed to teach the other two how to perform the experiments and then to conduct them in a life sized mock up of Mir for live media during the mission.
Funding.
The cost of the flight was to be funded by various innovative schemes, including sponsoring by private British companies and a lottery system. Corporate sponsors included British Aerospace, Memorex, and Interflora, and television rights were sold to ITV.
The flight cost £7 million.
Ultimately the Juno consortium failed to raise the entire sum, and the Soviet Union considered cancelling the mission. However Mikhail Gorbachev directed the mission to proceed at Soviet cost. The ambitious microgravity experiments originally planned were dropped when time ran out for sending required equipment on an automated 'Progress' flight. Helen did perform experiments designed by British schools that could be done with existing equipment aboard Mir along with a British microbiology screening investigation taken over by the Russians.
Flight and after.
Sharman was launched aboard Soyuz TM-12 on 18 May 1991, and returned aboard Soyuz TM-11 on 26 May 1991.
Both Sharman and Mace were candidates but not selected in the 1992 and 1998 European Space Agency selection rounds for its astronaut corps. Brooks was also put forward for the European Astronaut Corps in 1982, but dropped out when employed on AI systems elsewhere. Mace did not fly in space, but married the daughter of cosmonaut Vitali Zholobov. He was later the helicopter pilot for President of South Africa Nelson Mandela. He died in September 2014 from cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="7048555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048555" title="High temperature superconductors">
High temperature superconductors



</doc>
<doc id="7048558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048558" title="Robert Torrens O'Neill">
Robert Torrens O'Neill

The Honourable Robert Torrens O'Neill (10 January 1845 – 25 July 1910) was an Irish Conservative, and later Irish Unionist politician who sat in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom from 1885 to 1910.
Early life.
O'Neill was the third son of William O'Neill, 1st Baron O'Neill (who was born William Chichester), and his first wife, Henrietta Torrens, daughter of Hon. Robert Torrens, a Judge of the Irish Court of Common Pleas. O'Neill was educated first at Harrow School and then at Brasenose College, Oxford, graduating with a B.A. and, later, an M.A.
Military career.
In 1863, Robert was commissioned as a lieutenant in the 4th Battalion of the Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers. He was promoted to captain two years later, and he later became a colonel in 1881. His military service was partially sidelined as his political career began, and he eventually retired in order to stand for election.
Political career.
O'Neill served as a sheriff of County Londonderry from 1869, and was the High Sheriff in 1871. He was also made deputy lieutenant for the county later that year, and later served as a justice of the peace for County Antrim. In the 1880's O'Neill was a member of the board of director, and later chairman of the Draperstown Railway.
In 1885 O'Neill stood in the by-election for the constituency of Antrim, following the death of James Chaine. He was defeated by the Liberal candidate, William Pirrie Sinclair. Several months later, he was able to stand again in the general election, and was elected as the first Member of Parliament for Antrim Mid, which had been created following the redistribution of seats. He was returned four times unopposed between 1886 and 1906, and successfully defeated John Hamilton Verschoyle in his final election in 1906.
He did not stand for re-election in January 1910, citing his failing health and age. His nephew Arthur, who Robert had put forward as his successor, served as MP until his own death during WW1 in 1914, and his brother, Hugh was MP until the constituency was abolished in 1922.
Personal life and death.
O'Neill, was heavily involved in a number of charitable institutions, and succeeded his father as president of the Royal Belfast Hospital for Sick Children in 1883. He was a member of both the Carlton Club and Junior Carlton Club. He was never married and died on 25 July 1910 at his London residence, 11 St James's Square, Westminster, following a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="7048559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048559" title="Boeing 747SP">
Boeing 747SP

The Boeing 747SP (for "Special Performance") is a shortened version of the Boeing 747 wide-body airliner, designed for a longer range. It is the highest flying subsonic passenger airliner, with a service ceiling of .
Boeing needed a smaller aircraft to compete with the McDonnell Douglas DC-10 and Lockheed L-1011 TriStar tri-jet wide-bodies, introduced in 1971/1972. Pan Am requested a 747-100 derivative to fly between New York and the Middle East, a request also shared by Iran Air, and the first order came from Pan Am in 1973.
The variant first flew on July 4, 1975, was approved by the Federal Aviation Administration on February 4, 1976, and entered service that year with Pan Am.
The SP is in length, shorter than the original 747 variants. Its main deck doors are reduced to four on each side to suit its lower capacity. The vertical and horizontal tailplanes are larger and its wing flaps have been simplified. With a maximum take-off weight, it can fly 276 passengers in three classes over .
One 747SP was modified into the Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy (SOFIA).
The last example was delivered in 1987; some were converted to transports of heads of state.
Sales did not meet the expected 200 units, and only 45 aircraft were ultimately produced.
Development.
The idea for the 747SP came from a request by Pan Am for a 747 variant capable of carrying a full payload non-stop on its longest route between New York and Tehran. Joined with Pan Am's request was Iran Air; their joint interest was for a high-capacity airliner capable of covering Pan Am's New York–Middle Eastern routes and Iran Air's planned New York-Tehran route (New York to Tehran was the longest non-stop commercial flight in the world for a short time). The aircraft was launched with Pan Am's first order in 1973, and the first example was delivered in 1976.
A shorter derivative of the 747-100, the SP was developed to target two market requirements. The first was a need to compete with the DC-10 and L-1011 while maintaining commonality with the 747, which in its standard form was too large for many routes. Until the arrival of the 767, Boeing lacked a mid-sized wide-body to compete in this segment. The second market requirement was an aircraft suitable for the ultra-long-range routes emerging in the mid-1970s following the joint request. These routes needed not only longer range but also higher cruising speeds. Boeing could not afford to develop an all-new design, instead opting to shorten the 747 and optimize it for speed and range, at the expense of capacity.
Originally designated "747SB" for "short body", it was later nicknamed "Sutter's balloon" by employees after 747 chief engineer Joe Sutter. Boeing later changed the production designation to 747SP for "special performance", reflecting the aircraft's greater range and higher cruising speed. Production of the 747SP ran from 1976 to 1983. However, a VIP order for UAE's Abu Dhabi Amiri Flight led Boeing to produce one last SP in 1987. Pan Am was the launch customer for the 747SP, taking the first delivery, "Clipper Freedom", on March 5, 1976. Pan Am then made the first flight of the 747SP on April 25, 1976, making a nonstop flight from New York to Tokyo.
The 747SP was the longest-range airliner available until the 747-400 entered service in 1989. Despite its technical achievements, the SP never sold as well as Boeing hoped. Increased fuel prices in the mid-1970s to early 1980s, the SP's heavy wings, high cost, and reduced capacity, and the increased ranges of forthcoming airliners were some of the many factors that contributed to its low sales. Only 45 were built. However, some of the engineering work on the 747SP was reused with the development of the 747-300. In the 747SP, the upper deck begins over the section of fuselage that contains the wing box, not ahead of the wing box (as is the case with the 747-100 and 747-200). This same design was used in the 747-300 and newer 747-400, resulting in a stretched upper deck. A proposed variant called Boeing 747 ASB, which based on 747SP's design with advanced improvements found on 747-400, includes new glass cockpit, new engine options, and winglets, was announced in 1986 but cancelled later year due to low interest from airlines and in favor of Boeing 777.
Design.
Apart from having a significantly shorter fuselage and one fewer cabin door per side, the 747SP differs from other 747 variants in having simplified flaps and a taller vertical tail to counteract the decrease in yaw moment-arm from the shortened fuselage. The 747SP uses single-piece flaps on the trailing edges, rather than the smaller triple-slotted flaps of standard 747s.
The SP could accommodate 230 passengers in a 3-class cabin or 331 (303 economy, 28 business) in a 2-class cabin, and a maximum of 400 passengers in one class.
Variants.
From 2007 until 2022, a specially modified 747SP was used as the Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy "(SOFIA)" astronomical observatory, operated jointly by NASA and Germany's DLR. A former Pan Am and United Airlines aircraft acquired in 1997, its airframe was modified to carry a 2.5-meter-diameter reflecting telescope to high altitude, above 99.9% of the light-absorbing water vapor in the atmosphere. The telescope and its detectors covered a wide wavelength range from the near infrared to the sub-millimeter region; no window material is transparent over this whole range, so the observations were made through a square hole in the port upper quarter of the rear fuselage, aft of a new pressure bulkhead. A sliding door covered the aperture when the telescope was not in use. Astronomers took data and controlled the instrument from within the normally pressurized cabin. Originally delivered to Pan Am and named "Clipper Lindbergh", the name was displayed in script on the port side of the aircraft.
In September 2022, "SOFIA" ceased operations after the conclusion of its final mission. The retirement was made both on the grounds of cost and suitability for the requirements of the decade to come. The aircraft was later flown to the Pima Air &amp; Space Museum in Tucson, Arizona, to be put on public display.
Operators.
Deliveries.
Forty-five 747SP aircraft were built between 1974 and 1987. The production line was ended in 1982 but reopened in 1987 to fulfill an order for the Abu Dhabi Amiri Flight.
Current operators.
, there are just two Boeing 747SPs remaining in active service, both operating as testbed aircraft for engine manufacturer Pratt &amp; Whitney Canada. Eighteen more aircraft are stored or otherwise preserved. The remaining aircraft were either scrapped, otherwise destroyed, or abandoned. In 2016, the last 747SP in commercial service flew from Tehran to Mumbai before being withdrawn from service after 40 years by Iran Air. In 2020, the last aircraft in governmental use was stored by the Royal Flight of Oman.
Former operators.
This list also includes organizations that used the aircraft temporarily, besides main operators.
Records.
There were three significant commercial around-the-world record-setting flights flown by 747SP: two operated by Pan Am and the other operated by United Airlines with the aircraft being "loaned" to Friendship Foundation, in order to raise money for the foundation. Those flights are:
Specifications.
"Note"

</doc>
<doc id="7048567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048567" title="Buzzell">
Buzzell

Buzzell is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="7048571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048571" title="Aulac, New Brunswick">
Aulac, New Brunswick

Aulac is a Canadian community in Westmorland County, New Brunswick. As of January 1, 2023 it is part of the Municipality of Tantramar which consists of the former town of Sackville, Village of Dorchester, Pointe de Bute and other rural communities . It is located between the former college town of Sackville and the provincial border with Nova Scotia.
Geography.
Aulac is situated upon the Aulac Ridge, a prominent rise running west–east across the Tantramar Marshes on the Isthmus of Chignecto, approximately 2 kilometres west of the Missaguash River which forms the southern part of the inter-provincial boundary with Nova Scotia.
History.
Aulac became strategically important for French military forces during the 18th century after ceding what is now peninsular Nova Scotia to Britain in the 1713 Treaty of Utrecht; the words describing the boundary of Acadia (then including all of Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Cape Breton Island, Prince Edward Island, the Gaspé Peninsula, Anticosti Island and part of eastern Maine) were sufficiently vague as to permit France to establish the Missaguash River as the boundary between Britain's new colony and New France. During Father Le Loutre's War, British military forces constructed a log stockade on the Fort Lawrence Ridge, 3 km to the south of Aulac, naming their facility Fort Lawrence, which was promptly answered by the French construction of Fort Beauséjour at the western end of the Aulac Ridge, overlooking the Cumberland Basin of the Bay of Fundy.
After falling to Britain during the Seven Years' War, the Aulac area became part of the Tantramar farming district in the township of Sackville. The Intercolonial Railway constructed its mainline connecting Moncton, New Brunswick with Truro, Nova Scotia in 1872, with the railway line curving around the ridge below the fort.
In the 20th century, roads across the marshes passed up and over the Aulac Ridge, as did a road running the length of the ridge toward Strait Shores. These roads were upgraded in the 1960s as part of the Trans-Canada Highway project, with the Moncton-Amherst, Nova Scotia section being numbered Highway 2 and the Aulac-Strait Shores (and thence Cape Tormentine) section being numbered Highway 16.
Present day.
A cluster of highway service businesses established in Aulac, including a truck stop, several gas stations, motels and stores and the hamlet became a popular stopping point for highway travellers. During the 1990s, Aulac was bypassed when Highway 2 was upgraded on a new 4-lane alignment several hundred metres to the east. A truck stop, a motel, and several businesses remain.
The Trans Canada Highway (New Brunswick Route 2) and New Brunswick Route 16 intersect at Aulac. Most traffic heading for Prince Edward Island via the Confederation Bridge must use this interchange and virtually all traffic passing between New Brunswick and Nova Scotia also travels through this interchange. In 2012, there were about 14,000 vehicles per day passing along Route 2.

</doc>
<doc id="7048572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048572" title="Bob Stevens">
Bob Stevens



</doc>
<doc id="7048574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048574" title="Fort Beaséjour">
Fort Beaséjour



</doc>
<doc id="7048575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048575" title="Webform">
Webform



</doc>
<doc id="7048576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048576" title="DIS 21047">
DIS 21047



</doc>
<doc id="7048581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048581" title="Kevin Feeney">
Kevin Feeney

Kevin Feeney (2 February 1952 – 14 August 2013) was an Irish judge who served as a Judge of the High Court from 2006 to 2013. 
He was educated at Gonzaga College, University College Dublin and the King's Inns. He was called to the Bar in 1973, and became a senior counsel in 1991. He was appointed to the High Court in March 2006. He most notably heard part of the John Gilligan case in 2010. He died suddenly on 14 August 2013 in County Cork.

</doc>
<doc id="7048586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048586" title="Grand Site">
Grand Site

The Grand Site is an archaeological site in Jacksonville, Florida, United States. The site includes a shell midden about 30 feet wide and 175 feet in diameter, with a sand mound immediately to the west. It is a product of the St. Johns archaeological culture spanning the St. Johns IIA through IIB periods. On June 20, 1975, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="7048590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048590" title="TVN Gra">
TVN Gra

TVN Gra was an interactive games channel that launched in March 2005 as part of the TVN network, owned by ITI Group. It featured contests, game shows and quizzes. It also used technology to allow the viewer to interact and play along at home. Series included: "Rozbij Bank" ("Hit the Bank"), an interactive show consisting of different letter and picture games; and "Seans Filmowy" ("Movie Show"), a program featuring film-based quizzes and games..
The channel closed down in 2008 due to low viewership, having survived only two years. The channels frequencies were taken by Mango 24.

</doc>
<doc id="7048612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048612" title="Jeff Parker (editorial cartoonist)">
Jeff Parker (editorial cartoonist)

Jeff Parker has been an editorial cartoonist for "Florida Today", which serves Florida's Space Coast, since 1992. He also assists Pulitzer Prize–winning cartoonist Mike Peters (cartoonist) with his comic strip, "Mother Goose &amp; Grimm" and worked with Denis Lebrun on the daily "Blondie" comic strip from 1996 until 2005. With "New Orleans Times-Picayune" editorial cartoonist Steve Kelley, Parker produces the strip "Dustin", centered on an unemployed 23-year-old living with his parents. "Dustin" was launched in papers nationwide in early 2010. Parker's work generally mocks conservatism.
Parker's work has been recognized with awards from Gannett News Service, Florida Society of Newspaper Editors, the Society of Professional Journalists, and the Florida Press Association. In 2004, he was awarded the National Cartoonists Society's Reuben Division Award for Editorial Cartooning after three prior nominations.
His cartoons are distributed by Cagle Cartoons syndicate to hundreds of news outlets, regularly appearing in "USA TODAY, Newsweek, TIME, The Washington Post, Le Monde, Courrier International, and The New York Times", and on CNN and Fox News.

</doc>
<doc id="7048617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048617" title="1713 Treaty of Utrecht">
1713 Treaty of Utrecht



</doc>
<doc id="7048619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048619" title="Steelfixer">
Steelfixer



</doc>
<doc id="7048621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048621" title="Kevin feeney">
Kevin feeney



</doc>
<doc id="7048623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048623" title="Horse-drawn vehicles">
Horse-drawn vehicles



</doc>
<doc id="7048628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048628" title="Long Life, Happiness &amp; Prosperity">
Long Life, Happiness &amp; Prosperity

Long Life, Happiness &amp; Prosperity is a 2002 Canadian comedy-drama film directed by Mina Shum and written by Shum and Dennis Foon. The film stars Valerie Tian as a 12-year-old girl attempting to fix her single mother's (Sandra Oh) financial and romantic situation through the usage of taoist magic. Three stories of unrelated people connect as a result of her charms. The movie was produced by Shaftesbury Film Inc. and Massey Productions Ltd. in association with Chum Television. The film was filmed in Vancouver, Canada.
"Long Life, Happiness &amp; Prosperity" had its international premiere at the 2002 Toronto International Film Festival on September 7, 2002 and its U.S premiere at the 2003 Sundance Film Festival. The film is distributed in Canada by Odeon Films. "Long Life, Happiness &amp; Prosperity" was nominated as most popular Canadian Film and Winner of best Canadian screenplay in the 2002 Vancouver International Film Festival. Its actors Colin Foo and Tseng Chang also were nominated for best male supporting performance in a feature-length drama in the 2003 Leo Awards. The movie has also opened at many important festivals such as the 19th edition of Visual Communications' Los Angeles Asian Pacific Film &amp; Video Festival.
Plot.
12-year-old Mindy Ho attempts to help her single mother win the lottery and better their living conditions through the usage of Taoist charms she found in a book from Lee Tai Tai's Fortune Telling and Appliance Repair shop. Her mother, Kin, works as a telephone psychic at night and at a restaurant during the day. During this entire time, Mindy attempts to match her mother with the restaurant owner; Alvin Wong. Meanwhile, Shuck Wong had just lost his job as a security guard. In shame, he dons his old uniform in front of his wife, Hun Ping, and pretends to go to work when he is really looking for a new job. When his wife gets a job while he remains jobless, he begins to feel worthless. Also at this time, Bing Lai struggles with his relationship with his father, who is a famous butcher in Hong Kong. He wishes to one day get rid of his father's disdain for him by working in his own butcher shop with his son.
When Mindy attempts to win a lottery for her mother using the taoist charms, Bing Lai accidentally cuts in front and resulting in him winning the lottery. With the money, Bing Lai buys his own butcher shop in an effort to reconnect with his father. During this time, Alvin attempts to kiss Kin in an effort to woo her over. The effort fails drastically, much to Mindy's chagrin. Mindy then resorts to using a love potion to create chemistry between Kin and Alvin. However, Alvin ends up drinking the tea with the owner of Bing's Butcher, Nelson Zong. Nelson falls in love with Kin while Alvin falls in love with Nelson. Nelson goes as far as serenading Kin while Alvin becomes enraptured by Nelson's singing.
When Bing attempts to make his son a partner in the butcher shop business, he discovers that his son never wanted to become a butcher but rather, intends to become a Zen monk. As a result, Bing Lai disowns his own son. At the same time, Shuck stops believing in the Yellow God, even resorting to destroying the shrine he created for his god. Mindy's frustration over her charms not working worsens her relationship with her mother.
In the climax of the movie, Mindy goes to a local park to try another spell in order to make everything better, only to find herself in the middle of a violent storm. In disdain for his son, Bing's father does not show up at the airport. A letter from his father declares that Bing was "dead to him" from the day he was born. Alvin and Kin bump into each other and discover that they actually like each other. They then search for Mindy in the storm and find her unconscious and trapped under a fallen tree branch. Meanwhile, Shuck contemplates suicide since has he has lost faith in his god and his own worth. At the last second, Shuck finds the turtle that a young boy previously lost, receiving this as a sign from God that he should live. Bing Lai accepts his son's decision to be a Zen monk. Mindy turns out to be unhurt, and she is seen dancing happily with Kin and Alvin.
Subtitles.
The film was made in Vancouver, British Columbia.
There are lengthy passages of dialogue in Cantonese, without English subtitles.
Production.
Pre-production.
Mina Shum originally planned on creating three different films. As she wrote each one, she discovered that the stories were interconnected, and decided to combine them into a single movie. With the idea, she decided to work alongside Dennis Foon in order to work the script into a higher standard. Shum then cast her best friend, Sandra Oh, as the main character of her movie. The rest of the characters were cast across three generations of people. Mina describes how having such a large generational gap made it difficult to convey some of her ideas into acting.
Themes.
Mina Shum utilizes an Asian color sensibility in order to convey themes within her movie. She pairs each word within the title to a color that can be seen consistently throughout the movie. Blue represents long life, red represents happiness, and gold represents prosperity. The color schemes within certain characters frames then gives insight to their themes. Blue is prominent in Shuck and Hun Ping's scenes, revealing their desires for longevity. Kin and Mindy's search for happiness manifests itself in the color red. Gold finds itself in many of Bing Lai's scenes as he attempts to bring prosperity into his life. The main setting of the movie, the restaurant, then contains all of these colors in order to represent how all of these storylines converge. Through this, Mina Shum shows how every decision that somebody makes affects the lives of those around them.
Mina Shum has also stated that "the theme [of all my films] is 'You have one life, so you have to live who you really are'."
Film techniques.
Mina Shum applies many techniques to ensure that the movie feels like it takes place in an authentic Chinese-Canadian community. One key distinguishing characteristic of this movie is its almost entirely Asian cast. Drifting from the traditionally non-Asian Hollywood cinema, Mina Shum cast every main character as an Asian. Shum then lights her scenes with soft and dim light in order to parallel the overcast skies that Vancouver often experiences.
Critical reception.
"Long Life, Happiness &amp; Prosperity" has generally received mixed reviews. The movie has received from the Rotten Tomatoes 29% critical approval rate and a 62% approval rate from the general audience. While some critics, such as PR Newswire, see the film as a way to "portray contemporary Chinese Canadian life from a whimsical, humanistic perspective", others such as Liam Lacey from the Toronto's Film Critic Association believe that the film is "an awkwardly contrived exercise in magical realism".

</doc>
<doc id="7048634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048634" title="Boyoz">
Boyoz

Boyoz is a pastry of Sephardic Jewish origin, associated with İzmir, Turkey, which is practically the only city where it is prepared for commercial purposes and follows the original recipe. As such, in the eyes of Smyrniots boyoz became a symbol of their hometown or their longing for it when away. The most widely preferred boyoz is plain, without the addition of meat or cheese or spinach stuffings, and as cooked by a handful of master boyoz bakers in İzmir.
Boyoz paste is a mixture of flour, sunflower oil, and a small amount of tahini. It is kneaded by hand, and the ball of paste is left to rest for two hours. The paste is then flattened to the width of a dish and left to rest again. It is then kneaded and opened once more, before being formed into a roll and left to repose as such for a further period of several hours. When the tissue of the paste is still soft but about to detach into pieces, it is cut into small balls and put in rows of small pans and marinated in vegetable oil between half an hour and one hour. The paste then takes an oval form and acquires the consistency of a millefeuille. The small balls can then be put on a tray in a very high-temperature oven either in plain form or with fillings of cheese or spinach added inside.
The usual accompaniments for boyoz are dark tea and hard-boiled eggs generously sprinkled with black pepper. Boyoz is generally consumed outdoors, and purchased from street vendors.
Origin.
Virtually all sources agree on the Judeo-Spanish roots of boyoz. It is a contribution to İzmir's urban culture by Sephardic Jews who were ethnically cleansed from Spain after 1492 and who settled in large numbers in several prominent Ottoman cities of the period, among which İzmir stood out as one of the primary destinations. These explanations on the roots of boyoz are confirmed by the presence of a very similar pastry in the culinary traditions of such other offshoots of Spanish culture as Argentina, Chile, Peru and Mexico, where "bollos" are common especially in the diet of Sephardic Jews, usually with cheese and spinach fillings. In Renaissance Spanish and the Ladino language, "bollos" means "a bundle, a pack".
Until recently, all master bakers who prepared boyoz in İzmir were Jewish, and the present masters have all been trained by Avram Usta, whose name is echoed to this day in the commercial slogans adopted by some of these bakers, who market the "Boyoz of Avram Usta".

</doc>
<doc id="7048637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048637" title="Central Park West (TV series)">
Central Park West (TV series)

Central Park West (also known as CPW) is an American prime time television soap opera that ran from September 1995 to June 1996 on CBS. The series was created and executive produced by Darren Star. As the title suggests, "CPW" was set in New York, in the affluent Central Park West area of Manhattan. Mariel Hemingway, Mädchen Amick, and Kylie Travis portrayed three of the central characters on the show.
The program represented CBS's attempt to reestablish itself after a disastrous 1994-95 television season where the network lost a heavy amount of established affiliates due to affiliation switches related to Fox acquiring NFC football rights, and an attempt by the network to attract younger viewers. It was the network's most-promoted new show in many years with a promotional campaign exclusively produced to appeal to younger viewers, and attempted to recapture the network's past nighttime soap glory from the years of "Dallas" and "Knots Landing". Australian singer and actress Kylie Minogue was offered a lead role, but declined.
The series was not successful and was removed from CBS' schedule in November 1995, returning some months later with new additions made to the cast (Hemingway left by this point, and Raquel Welch was brought in). The retooling was not enough to save the show, which was canceled in June 1996. The failure of the series returned the network quickly back to their traditional broadcasting focus and repairing relations between both the network's new affiliates and their older stations which were frustrated by the network's moves in programming rights and programming within the Laurence Tisch era, which would end shortly thereafter with Westinghouse's purchase of CBS, Inc. in 1995 (approval of "CPW" to be placed on the network's schedule came well before Westinghouse's purchase).
Synopsis.
"Central Park West" premiered on September 13, 1995, and aired Wednesdays from 9:00 - 10:00 p.m. With a cast headlined by Mariel Hemingway, "Central Park West" centered around the glamorous and exciting life of the staff of trendy magazine "Communique", owned by Allen Rush (Ron Leibman), "the Darth Vader of publishing". Mariel Hemingway played the role of Stephanie Wells, the newly appointed editor-in-chief of "Communique". Central to the plot is the rivalry between Stephanie and Allen's stepdaughter Carrie Fairchild (Mädchen Amick), a scheming young woman who does her best to seduce Stephanie's writer husband Mark Merrill (Tom Verica). The series followed several other ambitious New Yorkers, as well as the evil and deceitful Australian bombshell Rachel Dennis (Kylie Travis), the new fashion editor at "Communique".
Reception.
"Central Park West" was initially geared towards Generation X viewers and was heavily promoted by CBS. The series failed to draw in viewers and was put on hiatus in November 1995. "Central Park West" was then revamped in an effort to attract older viewers. Mariel Hemingway's character was written out of the series, and Gerald McRaney, Noelle Beck and Raquel Welch joined the cast. Retitled "CPW", the revamped version, which consisted of eight episodes, began airing June 1996, Wednesdays and Fridays from 10:00 - 11:00 p.m. The changes were unsuccessful as CBS canceled the series on June 28, 1996.
Nielsen ratings.
"Central Park West" debuted on Wednesday, September 13, 1995, ranking 61st for the week with 9.7 million viewers and a rating/share of 7.5/12.

</doc>
<doc id="7048649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048649" title="Odfjell">
Odfjell

Odfjell SE is a company specialising in worldwide seaborne transportation and storage of chemicals and other speciality bulk liquids. The Odfjell fleet comprises more than 80 ships in total. The ships transport around 600 different kinds of liquids, including organic and inorganic bulk liquid chemicals, acids, animal fats, edible oils, portable alcohols and clean petroleum products. Odfjell’s ships are mainly registered in Norway (NIS) and Singapore, and are primarily crewed by Norwegian and Filipino mariners.
The tank terminal division consists of four tank terminals, located in Belgium, USA and South Korea. Odfjell Terminals is also part of a network in South America, consisting of another 10 tank terminals partly owned by related parties.
Odfjell has offices in 12 locations around the world, and is headquartered in Bergen, Norway. The company employs around 2,300 people and posted annual gross revenue of USD 1083 million in 2021.
Odfjell has a wide range of customers, from the oil majors and largest chemical manufacturers to smaller logistical companies and traders.
History.
Odfjell is among the oldest existing shipping companies in Bergen, Norway. In 1890, Captain Berent Daniel Olsen moved to Bergen to work in the shipping industry. The first joint ship owning company was registered in 1914 by Olsen’s sons, Fredrik, Abraham and Andreas Odfjell. As their logo, the Odfjell brothers adopted three interlocked rings in red, blue and yellow, representing each of the three. Fredrik and Abraham incorporated the joint ship management company AS Rederiet Odfjell in April 1915, and in 1917 the brothers took over the shipping company AS DS Storli.
World War II.
At the outbreak of World War II, Odfjell managed a fleet of seven ships. The German occupation of Norway split the Odfjell fleet in two. The three ships in home waters were ordered to serve German occupants, whilst the four ships on the high seas were controlled by Nortraship, the Norwegian Shipping and Trade Mission, who was established in 1940 to administer the Norwegian merchant fleet outside of German-controlled areas. The home fleet suffered terrible losses. Two of the three ships were lost and 41 people perished. Three of the four ships in the Nortraship fleet came through the war unscathed. The only ship lost had been requisitioned by France and was sailing under French name and flag with a French crew.
1945-1969.
Fredrik and Abraham Odfjell died in 1950 and 1960 respectively. Their sons, Bernt Daniel Odfjell and Johan Odvar Odfjell took over the company. During the 1950s, Odfjell pursued two paths: the general cargo liner trade and operation of small tankers. The latter ships gradually became more sophisticated and specialised, capable of carrying sulphuric acid.
During the 1960s, the company made a strategic repositioning by expanding the chemical tanker business. MT Lind was Odfjell’s most significant ship in this period. The vessel was built for Odfjell by the Norwegian Stord Verft and was the world’s first purpose-built stainless steel tanker. During this period, the shift in focus from general cargo vessels to purpose-built smaller chemical tankers was completed.
Odfjell also entered new markets: Tank terminals and offshore drilling rigs. In 1963, Odfjell started its own chartering department, Minde Chartering, which was an important step towards making Odfjell a fully integrated shipping company. In 1969, Odfjell opened their first tank terminal, the TAGSA terminal in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
1970-1989.
Following the 1973 OPEC oil embargo, the economic situation in the shipping industry worsened dramatically. Old, well-established shipping companies went under, and laid-up crude oil tankers became a familiar sight in many Norwegian fjords. The situation was turbulent for Odfjell as well, however, after having carved out a profitable niche in the chemicals trade market, the Company was not as hard hit as shipping companies in other trades. As it was almost impossible to convert other types of ships into chemical tankers due to new strict regulatory regimes, the chemical tanker market was largely spared of surplus tonnage.
In 1979, the Odfjell family decided to split the Company in two, based on differences in outlook on future activities. The split was effective from 1 March 1980. Bernt Daniel Odfjell and his son Dan Odfjell took over the deep-sea chemical tanker fleet, with Skibsaksjeselskapet Storli as their main corporate entity, and including the terminal business. Johan Odvar Odfjell and his son Abraham Odfjell took over the small tankers, later developed into Jo Tankers, and the offshore rig business through Odfjell Drilling and Consulting Company (ODCC). 
The family split and the challenging market condition during the 1970s and early 1980s left the Company considerably smaller and financially rather strained. To regain the leading position in the chemical tankers segment, the strategic focus was set on consolidation and growth. The Company partnered with Westfal-Larsen, a new tank terminal in Houston, Texas was established, and the Company invested in new orders and acquisitions of second-hand tonnage, to fund these investments, Skibsaksjeselskapet Storli went public, and in 1986 the Storli share was listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
1990-2018.
During the 1990s, the Company continued to expand. National Chemical Carriers (NCC) of Saudi Arabia replaced Westfal-Larsen as chemical tanker partner. The Company entered the Asian tanker market and became a player in the regional short-sea markets in Asia and the Americas. In February 1998, the Company changed name from S/A Storli to Odfjell ASA, with the implementation of the current company logo. The three interlinked rings are retained as the ships’ bow mark, signifying the original three Odfjell brothers.
The expansion continued into the new millennium, both in the deep-sea and short-sea segments, as well as tank terminals. In year 2000, Odfjell announced the merger between Odfjell Tankers and Seachem, and added 20 new ships to the fleet. At the time of the merger, Odfjell was the world’s second largest operator of chemical tankers, Seachem the fourth. Later the same year, Odfjell acquired the Botlek Tank Terminal in Rotterdam, Netherlands, and renamed it to Odfjell Terminals (Rotterdam). Thereafter, the involvement in tank terminals increased rapidly. In 2012, Odfjell re-entered the gas carrier business through an acquisition of two second-hand 9,000 cbm /Ethylene carriers.
In 2015-16, Odfjell went through a two-year transition phase, focusing on building strength and preparing the Company for growth. The Board of Odfjell SE launched a cost cutting programme in January 2015 to significantly improve the financial performance of Odfjell’s Chemical Tanker business. For the annual report presentation in 2017, the Company showed positive results and a significant improvement in the financial performance and competitiveness, despite a challenging global market situation.
2019–2024.
In 2019, Odfjell SE underwent a significant fleet renewal, expanded its market presence, and strengthened its financial position. The company took delivery of the world’s four largest stainless steel chemical tankers in the Hudong class and sold its stake in the terminal in Jiangyin, China. Recognizing its environmental impact, Odfjell signed the UNGC Sustainable Ocean Principles and became a member of the Getting to Zero Coalition.
In 2020, building on the positive financial performance of 2019, Odfjell benefited from a renewed and more efficient chemical tanker fleet, continued improvement in Odfjell Terminals, and another year of favorable chemical tanker markets. The company set targets related to climate action and diversity, appointed its first Chief Sustainability Officer, and linked sustainability goals to financial instruments. Odfjell reduced its carbon intensity and continued efforts toward decarbonization. Despite the COVID-19 pandemic, the company delivered improved financial results and maintained strong performance on key operational and safety metrics.
In 2021, the pandemic continued to impact operations, causing significant supply chain disruptions that negatively affected chemical exports from the United States. As a result, the U.S. chemical tanker market experienced a downturn. However, reduced U.S. output led to increased demand for chemical exports from Asia, contributing to a surge in trade volumes and freight rates. That year, Odfjell exited the gas carrier segment and withdrew from short-sea trade in Asia, refocusing on deep-sea shipping. It also became the first company in the shipping industry to issue a sustainability-linked bond.
Although global uncertainty continued in 2022, Odfjell experienced encouraging market developments. The initial optimism of a post-pandemic recovery was disrupted in February by the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Despite volatile geopolitical conditions, the chemical tanker segment remained resilient. Odfjell continued investing in digital solutions and sustainability initiatives while expanding terminal operations in Houston and Antwerp.
In 2023, Odfjell reported a 50% reduction in the carbon intensity of its fleet compared to the IMO's 2008 baseline. Later in the year, the company rerouted ships due to Houthi attacks in the Red Sea to ensure crew and vessel safety.
In 2024, Odfjell celebrated its 110th anniversary with a record-breaking financial year and key milestones. The company continued to modernize its chemical tanker fleet, adding four newbuild vessels on long-term charter and acquiring one supersegregator previously under operational lease. By the end of the year, Odfjell had 18 chemical tankers on order—approximately 16% of the global orderbook in its segment—of which two will be owned by Odfjell and the remainder secured via long-term time charters. Four vessels were scheduled for delivery in 2025.
Odfjell reported a 52.7% improvement in its average Annual Efficiency Ratio (AER) compared to the 2008 baseline, reflecting investments in vessel maintenance, upgrades, and technology aimed at reducing carbon intensity. In response to global risks—including cybersecurity threats, hybrid warfare, the rise of a shadow fleet, and climate change—the company reaffirmed its focus on safety, operational excellence, and energy efficiency.
2025 and beyond.
In early 2025, the chemical tanker "Bow Olympus" became the first in the Odfjell fleet to cross the Atlantic using wind-assisted propulsion Suction Sails (eSails from Bound4Blue). On its return voyage, the vessel was bunkered with certified 100% sustainable biofuel. This combination of technologies marked a milestone in Odfjell’s decarbonization efforts.
CEO Harald Fotland emphasized that while global challenges persist, they also present opportunities. For example, drought conditions in the Panama Canal tightened an already marginal chemical shipping market, resulting in higher spot market rates. He also highlighted that climate risk is a catalyst for innovation. The company is preparing to launch its first vessel equipped with suction sails and is exploring alternative fuels and new technologies. Odfjell also plans to expand its digitalization strategy and explore the use of artificial intelligence, while enhancing cybersecurity measures.
Geopolitical developments are expected to influence markets in 2025, particularly the outcome of the U.S. presidential election. A second Trump administration could bring heightened protectionism, new trade barriers—particularly targeting China—and continued sanctions on Iran. China's economic trajectory, amid demographic stagnation, is another key factor for global trade. Reduced U.S. chemical exports to China could be offset by longer-haul shipments to alternative markets, mirroring patterns observed after sanctions on Russia redirected trade flows across regions.
Organisation.
Odfjell SE.
Odfjell SE is the ultimate parent company of the Odfjell Group, and is a public limited company traded on the Oslo Stock Exchange. The Odfjell Group includes Odfjell SE, subsidiaries incorporated in several countries and the share of investments in joint ventures. Odfjell SE provides an in-house management, Odfjell Ship Management (SM).
Odfjell SM offers a fully integrated service, with fleet management, crewing, procurement- and logistics, technology support, newbuilding and QHSSE (Quality, Health, Safety, Security and Environment). SM provides direct support to ships operating in regional trades, and ships in the deep-sea fleet, as well as professional crew management.
Odfjell Tankers AS.
Odfjell Tankers AS, a subsidiary of Odfjell SE, controls and operates a fleet of around 80 ships, including owned, time- and bareboat chartered vessels, and newbuildings on order. With offices at strategic locations around the world, Odfjell Tankers operates globally and regionally with tonnage ranging from 5,000 DWT to 75,000 DWT. The majority of the tonnage is owned and managed by Odfjell SE.
Odfjell Terminals.
Odfjell operates three tank terminals at strategic locations in Korea (Ulsan) and USA (Charleston and Houston), and is in addition non-operating partner in the Noord Natie Odfjell Antwerp Terminal in Belgium. These four terminals offer a total 1.2 million cubic meters of storage space. Odfjell Terminals has a cooperation agreement with another 10 terminals in South America, including Peru, Brazil, Argentina and Chile. These terminals are partly owned by related parties.

</doc>
<doc id="7048650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048650" title="Ruellia asperula">
Ruellia asperula

Ruellia asperula (syn. "Stephanophysum asperulum" Mart. &amp; Nees) is a medicinal plant native to eastern Brazil and growing in Caatinga vegetation and Cerrado vegetation. Flowers, leaves, and roots of this plant are usually macerated and used to treat asthma, bronchitis, fever, flu, and uteral inflammation.

</doc>
<doc id="7048656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048656" title="Supplier enablement">
Supplier enablement

Supplier enablement is the process of electronically connecting suppliers (or other trading partners) to a company's supply chain. Supplier enablement is achieved when suppliers of goods and services are connected to a company's back-office systems to exchange critical business documents such as purchase orders, invoices and other information. Suppliers can be connected, or "enabled," using a variety of means including Electronic Data Interchange (EDI), Extensible Markup Language (XML), Web forms, RFID chips, or other e-commerce tools.
The benefits of supplier enablement include reduced supply chain costs, improved invoice tracking, reduced procurement costs, reducing or eliminating non-value added (manual) processes, and improved communications. Supplier enablement extends the value of a company's internal IT investments, such as ERP, into their trading communities—expanding the ROI on an initially internal investment.
Purchasing card (Pcard).
As more companies move purchasing card into A/P to replace checks and other forms of payment, purchasing card supplier enablement will become key to the success of the payment conversion project. As stated on the purchasing card stub, every supplier must be contacted and informed of the payment change from check to the purchasing card, even if the supplier is already a purchasing card supplier. Depending on the card payment type selected, information is required from the supplier before a client can move forward with the payment conversion. Some banks offer help in the payment conversion process and other software companies provide technology to make the conversion efficient and easy for the financial institution, client, and supplier.
Financial institutions and the associations provide payment technology allowing clients to process push pcard payments to the suppliers or send the suppliers a pcard remittance advice. The bridge to take advantage of the payment technology is pcard supplier enablement. Every supplier must buy into the process and provide remittance advice information, i.e. email address, or other information for push payments (buyer initiated payments).
B2B payments.
Carol Benson of Glenbrook Partners discusses this payment change and supplier enablement in her November 1, 2007 article, eB2B at the Tipping Point?. Excerpts from the article follow. 
I found four new forces at work [at the AFP (Association for Finance Professionals) conference] that I believe are significant.
In summary, here’s what I expect to see over the next few years for B2B payments:

</doc>
<doc id="7048658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048658" title="Diane Murphy">
Diane Murphy



</doc>
<doc id="7048667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048667" title="Preston Reed">
Preston Reed

Preston Reed (born April 13, 1955) is an American fingerstyle guitarist. He is noted for a two-handed playing style and compositional approach that uses the guitar's body as a percussion instrument.
Biography.
Reed learned guitar as a child on his father's guitar and, for a short time, studied classical guitar. When he was 16 his interest was rekindled by Jorma Kaukonen's acoustic guitar-playing in Hot Tuna. He began to compose his own songs in the style of Leo Kottke and John Fahey. His first public performance was at Smithsonian Institution in Washington D.C., in a concert with poet Allen Ginsberg.
Reed moved to Scotland in 2000.
Technique and musical influences.
Reed plays with his fingers, thumbs, fists and hands at once. He is also a player of blues or ballads reminiscent of Bill Evans, one of his musical idols.
As a teenager, Reed was initially influenced by Leo Kottke and John Fahey and in the beginning of his career was a more traditional fingerstyle player. In the late 1980s he began to experiment with his own highly individual and percussive style, shortly after Michael Hedges released his first records using some technically similar techniques. Reed's approach created a very distinctive style of music.
His guitar style is characterized by the use of percussive effects he generates with both hands on various parts of the guitar body. He names them "rim shots" and "bongo hits". He uses slap and tap techniques like slap harmonics or the generation of notes or whole chords with his left hand ("hammer-on", "pull-off"). He uses both hands for tapping ("two-hand tapping") and frets chords with his right hand ("right-hand fretting"). He often plays with both hands from above the guitar's neck. In many of his compositions, Reed uses alternate tunings characterized by very low bass string tunings, for example BGDGAD or CGDGGD.
Guitars and technical equipment.
On his first recording Reed used a Martin D28 12-string and a Martin D28 6-string. He later used guitars made by the American luthier Michael Jacobson-Hardy. Later he played Washburn guitars with "Seymour Duncan" pickups and in the second half of the 1990s a custom "Adamas Long Neck" Ovation. He now plays his signature models, acoustic Jumbo and Baritone from Bailey Guitars. Around 2000 he began using several different guitars, not only steel-string acoustic, but also solid body electric guitars, semi-acoustic guitars, electrical baritone guitars, 12-string and classical guitars.
Reed recorded his 2007 album "Spirit" with a semi-acoustic Yamaha AE-2000 guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="7048668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048668" title="Self-booting disk">
Self-booting disk

A self-booting disk is a floppy disk for home computers or personal computers that starts up directly into a standalone application when the system is turned on or restarted. It runs on the "bare machine" without loading or using the operating system (if any) that runs on or comes with the computer. This was common, standard, on some computers in the late 1970s to early 1990s. Video games were the type of application most commonly distributed using this technique.
The term "PC booter" is sometimes used in reference to self-booting software for IBM PC compatibles. On other systems, like the Apple II and Atari 8-bit computers, almost all software is self-booting. On the IBM PC, the distinction is between a self-booting program and one which is started by the user via an operating system such as MS-DOS or IBM PC DOS. The term "PC booter" was not contemporaneous with when self-booting games were being released.
Purpose.
On some home computers like the Apple II, software is loaded by inserting a floppy disk and turning on or resetting the machine. It is analogous to connecting a cartridge to a game console such as the Atari 2600 and Nintendo Entertainment System. It does not require using a command-line interface or other method to launch software.
It was common for self-booting disks to use non-standard disk formatting, so that the contents could not be viewed or copied via a computer's normal disk operating system. Special utilities could copy some of them.
Most self-booting programs are written to not need features of an existing operating system, such as MS-DOS, and access the hardware directly or use low-level functions that are built into read-only memory. Other programs provide a specialized replacement for the operating system.
Drawbacks.
Self-booting disks require the system to powered on or restarted to use the software. The user cannot switch between programs. The software exists solely on its own floppy disk, cannot be stored alongside multiple programs, such as a hard disk drive.
The self-booting game or application cannot easily use computer hardware normally accessed through device drivers in the operating system. The program needs built-in support for each specific peripheral, and it doesn't automatically get the benefit of improvements or bug fixes or support for updated versions.
Examples.
Between 1983 and 1984, Digital Research offered several of their business and educational applications for the IBM PC on bootable floppy diskettes bundled with SpeedStart CP/M, a reduced version of CP/M-86 as a bootable runtime environment.
Infocom offered the only third-party games for the Macintosh 128K at launch by distributing them with its own bootable operating system.
A scaled down version of GeoWorks Ensemble was used by America Online for their AOL client software until the late 1990s. AOL was distributed on a single 3.5-inch floppy disk, which could be used to boot GeoWorks as well.
In 1998, Caldera distributed a demo version of their 32-bit DPMI web-browser and mail client DR-WebSpyder on a bootable fully self-contained 3.5-inch floppy. On 386 PCs with a minimum of 4 MB of RAM, the floppy would boot a minimal DR-DOS 7.02 system complete with memory manager, RAM disk, dial-up modem, LAN, mouse and display drivers and automatically launch into the graphical browser, without ever touching the machine's hard disk. Users could start browsing the web immediately after entering their access credentials.

</doc>
<doc id="7048672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048672" title="George Henry Moore (author)">
George Henry Moore (author)

George Henry Moore (April 20, 1823 – May 5, 1892) was an American historical writer and librarian.
Biography.
Moore was born in Concord, New Hampshire. Frank Moore, a journalist, was a brother. He moved to New York City in 1839 and in 1843 graduated at New York University. Before leaving college, he had become connected with the New-York Historical Society, as an assistant to his father, Jacob Bailey Moore, the librarian, and in 1849 succeeded him as its librarian. In this position he remained until 1872, when, on the opening of the Lenox Library (now a part of the New York Public Library), he became its first superintendent. Here he remained until his death on May 5, 1892. He was a frequent contributor to historical magazines and to the proceedings of historical societies. The University of New York gave him the degree of LL.D. Moore was elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1880.
Works.
He wrote numerous pamphlets.

</doc>
<doc id="7048675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048675" title="Frank Moore (journalist)">
Frank Moore (journalist)

Frank Moore (1828–1904) was an American journalist and compiler.
Biography.
Moore was born in Concord, New Hampshire; one of his siblings was George Henry Moore. Moore moved to New York City and became a journalist and general writer. During 1869-1872, he was Assistant Secretary of Legation in Paris.
Moore was the editor of numerous works, including: 
Moore also edited "The Rebellion Record", 12 volumes reporting on the American Civil War published by David Van Nostrand. Each volume contains a diary of events, documents and narratives, and poetry. Most are now available from Internet Archive:

</doc>
<doc id="7048692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048692" title="The Black March">
The Black March

The Black March () is an autobiography of a SS man published by Bantam Books. The book is a collection of key entries in the journal of Peter Neumann, a boy inducted from the Hitler Youth into the Schutzstaffel.
Synopsis.
The journal of Peter Neumann is presented in chronological order: it begins in 1939 with various entries of his activities in the Hitler youth, and discussing plans with his friends to enter the SS. Peter's early entries are more jubilant and optimistic.
He recounts his cruel training involving many life-or-death exercises, e.g., outrunning attack dogs, having to dig a fox hole before a tank rolls over him and the other men in training. He tells of how a few men died in such exercises. Peter's girlfriend reveals that she is a Jew; this, however, does not affect Peter negatively.
During the middle of his entries he regards his duties with admiration and disdain for his commanding officers. Peter is, in one entry, awarded the Iron Cross second class for saving the lives of several battalions from a sniper's nest (who were also armed with RPGs).
In later entries, he tells of fierce combat in Russia, the most notable being a tale from a Russian civilian, in an occupied town, telling Peter and his fellow soldiers of the partisans of Odessa and the Russian genocide at the hands of the Nazis.
Towards the end, Peter returns home on leave where he informs his friend's parents of their son's death, and on a visit to his home Peter is informed that his girlfriend has been moved to a ghetto. On visiting her he expresses sympathy for her condition but writes that he couldn't care less about other Jews in the same situation. He also talks with two concentration camp technicians at a bar, who tell him of their grisly job fixing incinerators.
At the end, Peter and his unit are on the retreat. Peter, at this point, has been promoted to captain and expresses extreme discontent with both the SS and with the many civilians who are blaming the SS for aggravating the Russian troops. He hears many tales of Russian cruelty. At the end, Peter is trapped, alone and wounded, and surrounded by Russian troops. He hides in a small room filled with dead German soldiers and fires a damaged gun at a Russian 'clean-up' squad. The bullet he intends for himself does not do the job. His last words are "Why couldn't they have killed me?"
Additional notes.
The book does not state explicitly whether Peter Neumann was captured, killed, or if he escaped. His last entry is somewhat long given the amount of time he had before the Russian troops could have reached him, and he could have disguised himself as a dead soldier. However, the final page of the book references being captured by the Soviet Army and being sent to Warsaw and working as a camp prisoner helping in the clean-up of the ruins left by the war. The final page mentions the "sneering brutality of the Soviet Guards".
Some have disputed the authenticity of Neumann's journal since its publication; some claiming it to have been the work of a ghost writer and therefore not autobiographical, and others claiming it to be a work of fiction. Peter Neumann's extraordinary tale has, nevertheless, held up very well under extensive examination in terms of historical accuracy by a number of sources since its publication.
It is also reported that French publisher Éditions France-Empire claimed that Peter Neumann's family (from whom they received the journal) specifically wanted the work kept intact—as he wrote it during the war—and that the family had not revised or altered the text before giving it to the publishers.

</doc>
<doc id="7048701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048701" title="Construction vehicle operator">
Construction vehicle operator



</doc>
<doc id="7048709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048709" title="Luisa Ferida">
Luisa Ferida

Luisa Ferida, real surname Manfrini (18 March 1914 – 30 April 1945), was an Italian stage and film actress. She was considered a diva in Italian cinema during 1935 to 1945 and was the highest paid movie star of that period. The actress was famous as a films diva and she is remembered for her tragic death; in fact during the period of anti-fascist vendettas, immediately after Italian Civil War, she was assassinated, as was later proved by the Milan Court of Appeal, by shooting following a summary trial carried out by some partisans: she was shot with her lover, the actor and member of Decima Flottiglia MAS Osvaldo Valenti, as accused of alleged and hypothetical participation in war crimes and torture in connection with so-called Koch gang, facts of which she was then deemed innocent after the war. Therefore a war pension was allocated to the mother, who had no other source of income.
Career.
Born Luisa Manfrini Farnet in Castel San Pietro Terme, near Bologna, Ferida started as a stage actress. In 1935 she made her first appearance in film with a supporting role in "La Freccia d'oro". Because of her photogenic looks and talent as an actress, she soon graduated to leading roles by the end of the 1930s.
In 1939, while working on "Un Avventura di Salvator Rosa" (1940), directed by Alessandro Blasetti, she met the actor Osvaldo Valenti. The pair became romantically involved and had a son.
Death.
Ferida's romantic partner, Valenti had been linked to many fascist officials and people for years and he eventually joined the Italian Social Republic, and for this reason he was on the Italian resistance movement's (partisan's) hit list. In April 1945, Valenti was arrested in Milan, alongside a pregnant Ferida. They were both sentenced to death and were summarily executed in the street without any proper trial by partisans. The partisan chief who organized the execution, Giuseppe "Vero" Marozin, during a trial by Milano's tribunal, defended himself declaring that the partisan leader who by telephone ordered the two actors be executed was Sandro Pertini, who during the year 1978 became president of the Italian republic: this version is confirmed by "Treccani".
Cultural references.
The film "Sanguepazzo" starring Luca Zingaretti and Monica Bellucci discusses Luisa Ferida's relationship with Osvaldo Valenti. The film premiered at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival.
Ferida is briefly mentioned in Natalia Ginzburg's 1969 autobiographical novel-cum-memoir, "Family Lexicon" ("Lessico Famigliare)," during a description of the wartime experience of Lisetta, a minor character, who had "been interrogated by Ferida" while imprisoned the Villa Triste after being arrested as part of the Italian resistance during World War II. The Villa Triste ("Sad Villa") was a house in Milan that served as the headquarters of Pietro Koch, the leader of the fascist anti-partisan gang of which Ferida and Valenti were members.

</doc>
<doc id="7048714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048714" title="Von Plötzke">
Von Plötzke

The von Plötzke or von Plötzkau (earlier spelling Ploceke, Plocike) family is an old German noble family from Saxony and Masovia.
History.
Conrad de Ploceke for example, married the daughter of a lienholder of the Holy Roman Empire Duke Boleslaw III of Poland and his wife Salome von Berg Schelklingen.
Płock in Masovia, an independent duchy straddling Polish and Saxon territories until the death of the last duke of Masovia in 1526, came under the full rule of the Kingdom of Poland. The title of Duke of Masovia was retained but as a fief of Poland. The von Plötzke family were the hereditary Dukes of Masovia.
In the mid 13th century, after considerable disagreement with the reigning Piast dynasty in Poland, members of the family joined the knights of the Teutonic Order. Most notable was Heinrich von Plötzke, while born a Duke of Masovia, did not use the title and became a major officer (including Komtur) of the Knights.
Due to Plock and Masovia's location next to Poland and inter-marriage with Polish noble families, the family name is listed among both Polish and German noble families.

</doc>
<doc id="7048727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048727" title="Ginaz">
Ginaz



</doc>
<doc id="7048735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048735" title="Heavy equipment operator">
Heavy equipment operator

A heavy equipment operator operates heavy equipment used in engineering and construction projects. Typically only skilled workers may operate heavy equipment, and there is specialized training for learning to use heavy equipment.
Operator training.
Various organizations set standards for training for heavy equipment operators. Such organizations typically offer what in the US is called "effective safety training". Specific organizations include the following:
Safety.
Much publication about heavy equipment operators focuses on improving safety for such workers. The occupational medicine field researches and makes recommendations about safety for these and other workers in safety-sensitive positions. Hand signals are also important for machinery operators as it facilitates visual aid for safe work in spite of factors such as noise and a crowded environment. 
Types.
These subdivisions, in this order, are the standard heavy equipment categorization.
Tractor
Grader
Excavator
Backhoe
Timber
Pipelayer
Scraper
Mining
Articulated
Compactor
Loader
Track loader
Skid-steer loader
Material handler
Paving
Underground
Hydromatic tool
Hydraulic machinery
Highway

</doc>
<doc id="7048741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048741" title="ISO 8807">
ISO 8807



</doc>
<doc id="7048749" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048749" title="Wolheim">
Wolheim

Wolheim, Walheim, and similar names may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7048755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048755" title="Stephanophysum asperulum">
Stephanophysum asperulum



</doc>
<doc id="7048761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048761" title="Multiplayer Mobile games">
Multiplayer Mobile games



</doc>
<doc id="7048764" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048764" title="Reservations in India">
Reservations in India



</doc>
<doc id="7048767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048767" title="Ottoman ironclad Mesudiye">
Ottoman ironclad Mesudiye

Mesudiye (Ottoman Turkish: Happiness) was a central-battery ironclad of the Ottoman Navy, one of the largest ships of that type ever built. She was built at the Thames Iron Works in Britain between 1871 and 1875. "Mesudiye" had one sister ship, though she was purchased by the Royal Navy and commissioned as . "Mesudiye"s primary armament consisted of twelve guns in a central armored battery.
"Mesudiye" was poorly maintained for most of her career, including a twenty-year long period between the Russo-Turkish War in 1877–1878 and the Greco-Turkish War of 1897. As a result, she was in very poor condition by the late 1890s, which prompted a major reconstruction of her into a pre-dreadnought design type vessel in Genoa. The ship's armament was overhauled, though the gun turrets that were to have mounted guns never received the weapons. A new propulsion system was also installed, which significantly improved performance.
The ship saw extensive action during the First Balkan War in 1912–1913, including the battles of Elli and Lemnos in December 1912 and January 1913, respectively. During the latter engagement, she was badly damaged by a Greek shell and forced to withdraw. Following the outbreak of World War I in 1914, "Mesudiye" was moored at Nara to protect the minefields that blocked the entrance to the Dardanelles. On the morning of 13 December, the British submarine passed through the minefields and torpedoed "Mesudiye", which quickly sank. Most of the crew survived, however, and many of her guns were salvaged and used to strengthen the defenses of the Dardanelles. A battery of these guns, named Mesudiye in honor of the ship, helped to sink the French battleship in March 1915.
Design.
In the aftermath of the Crimean War, where an entire Ottoman squadron was destroyed by a Russian fleet at Sinop, the Ottoman Empire began a naval construction program, limited primarily by the chronically weak Ottoman economy. Several ironclad warships were ordered in the 1860s and 1870s, primarily from British and French shipyards. Despite the shortage of funds, by the late 1870s, the Ottomans had acquired a fleet of thirteen large ironclads and nine smaller armored warships. "Mesudiye" was designed by Edward Reed, who based the design on the recently built British ironclad .
General characteristics and machinery.
"Mesudiye" was long, and she had a beam of and a draft of . She displaced as originally built. Her hull was constructed with iron, and was fitted with a ram bow. The ship had a minimal superstructure that included a short forecastle deck and a poop deck. She had a crew of 700 officers and enlisted men.
The ship was powered by a single horizontal, two-cylinder compound steam engine, with steam provided by eight coal-fired box boilers. The boilers were trunked into a pair of funnels located amidships. The engines were rated at and produced a top speed of . By 1884 a decade of poor maintenance had reduced her top speed to . She carried of coal. Although intended to operate primarily via her steam engine, "Mesudiye" was also fitted with three masts and a barque sail rig.
Armament and armor.
"Mesudiye" was armed with a main battery of twelve RML 18 ton guns, all mounted in a central battery firing through gun ports. Four were on each side, with four on the broadside, one angled forward and the other angled rearward to allow end-on fire during ramming attacks. She was also equipped with three RML guns, all on the upper deck, with two forward and one aft; these also served as chase guns. In 1891, six quick-firing guns (QF) and six QF guns were installed to provide the ship with a defense against torpedo boats.
Armor protection consisted of iron plate; the armored belt had a maximum thickness of in the central portion of the ship, where it protected machinery and ammunition magazines, and was reduced on either end, first to and then to 76 mm. The thickest part of the belt extended below the waterline and above the line, and was composed of three strakes. The middle strake was the thickest, the upper strake was reduced slightly to , and the lower one was and tapered to . The gun battery was protected by another two strakes of armor, the lower being 254 mm thick and the upper reduced to .
Service history.
"Mesudiye", meaning "Happiness", was ordered in 1871 and was laid down at the Thames Ironworks shipyard in London the following year. She was launched on 28 October 1874. On 15 September 1875, she ran aground in the River Medway as she was being taken to Chatham, Kent to have her guns fitted. She was refloated and docked. "Mesudiye" was commissioned in December 1875 for sea trials. She had one sister ship, "Mahmûdiye", which was renamed "Hamidiye" while under construction. She was purchased by the Royal Navy before completion and commissioned as . "Mesudiye" and "Superb" were the largest casemate ironclads ever built. Early in the ship's career, the Ottoman ironclad fleet was activated every summer for short cruises from the Golden Horn to the Bosporus to ensure their propulsion systems were in operable condition.
In September 1876, "Mesudiye" became the flagship of the Ottoman Black Sea Squadron, though she did not see action in the Russo-Turkish War that broke out in April 1877. After the Ottoman defeat, the fleet was laid up at the Golden Horn and left largely unattended for the following twenty years. The annual summer cruises to the Bosporus ended. By the mid-1880s, the Ottoman ironclad fleet was in poor condition, and "Mesudiye" was unable to go to sea. Her engines were unusable, having seized up from rust, and her hull was badly fouled. The British naval attache to the Ottoman Empire at the time estimated that the Imperial Arsenal would take six months to get just five of the ironclads ready to go to sea. Throughout this period, the ship's crew was limited to about one-third the normal figure. During a period of tension with Greece in 1886, the fleet was brought to full crews and the ships were prepared to go to sea, but none actually left the Golden Horn, and they were quickly laid up again. By that time, "Mesudiye" was probably capable of little more than , and even that speed would have posed problems for her poorly trained crew over extended periods of time.
During this period of inactivity, "Mesudiye" received a minor modernization at the Tersâne-i Âmire shipyard on the Golden Horn. At the start of the Greco-Turkish War in February 1897, "Mesudiye" was found to be unfit for combat, as were most of the other major warships of the fleet. On 15 May "Mesudiye" and several other warships attempted to hold a training exercise, which only highlighted the poor state of training of the ships' crews.
Reconstruction.
Following the end of the war, the government decided to begin a naval reconstruction program. The first stage was to rebuild the older armored warships, including "Mesudiye". Requests for proposals were sent to foreign shipyards, and in October 1898 the Gio. Ansaldo &amp; C. shipyard in Genoa requested permission to survey the ship and the ironclad . Both vessels were accordingly sent to Genoa in January 1899, arriving on the 28th, though Ansaldo only received the contract for "Mesudiye". "Mesudiye" was rebuilt into a pre-dreadnought type vessel.
The modernization involved radical reconstruction of the hull; the bow and stern were cut down to make room for a pair of gun turrets, each mounting a single 40-caliber gun manufactured by Vickers. The turrets had 230 mm thick armored faces, though they never received their guns; wooden dummy guns were installed in their place. A battery of twelve 45-caliber QF guns was installed in place of the old rifled muzzle-loaders, and sixteen 76 mm QF guns were added in an upper battery. "Mesudiye" also received ten guns and a pair of guns.
A large superstructure was built amidships, with a new conning tower, which was given of armor plating. Displacement rose to normally and at full load. The ship's propulsion system was also completely replaced. Two triple-expansion engines were installed, along with sixteen coal-fired Niclausse boilers. The two screw propellers overlapped, so the port side screw was placed slightly ahead of the starboard one. Performance improved to and . Her crew increased to 800 as a result of the modifications. On 15 March 1904, "Mesudiye" completed sea trials and thereafter returned to Constantinople.
Italo-Turkish and Balkan Wars.
In 1909, she participated in the first fleet maneuver conducted by the Ottoman Navy in twenty years, part of a reform program initiated by a British naval mission to the Ottoman Empire. Starting in July 1911, "Mesudiye" joined the two pre-dreadnoughts and , four destroyers, and a torpedo boat for a series of exercises that culminated in the routine summer cruise to Beirut. The fleet was returning to Constantinople when Italy declared war, starting the Italo-Turkish War on 29 September 1911. "Mesudiye" and the rest of the fleet moored at Nagara Point on 2 October and returned to Constantinople the following day. "Mesudiye" was thereafter assigned to the Reserve Division, which also included the rebuilt ironclad "Asar-i Tevfik" and the torpedo cruiser . She did not see action during the conflict, since the Ottoman fleet spent the war in port. This was in part due to the rising tensions in the Balkans that presaged the Balkan Wars; the Ottomans kept their fleet in port so it could be prepared for the inevitable conflict.
In October 1912, the Balkan League declared war on the Ottomans, a month before the Italo-Turkish War ended. At the time, "Mesudiye" was moored off Büyükdere, a neighborhood in Constantinople, with the torpedo boats and , stationed as a guard ship. In December, the Ottoman fleet was reorganized, with "Mesudiye" joining the newly formed Battleship Division, under the command of Ramiz Naman Bey. The division also included "Barbaros Hayreddin", "Turgut Reis", and "Asar-i Tevfik". The ship was moved to Büyükçekmece on 15 November, where she joined the rest of the fleet. Two days later, "Mesudiye" and "Barbaros Hayreddin" conducted shore bombardments in support of the Ottoman troops holding the Çatalca Line; the bombardments did not cause particularly significant material damage to the attacking Bulgarians, but it did boost Ottoman morale.
Battle of Elli.
The ships took part in the Battle of Elli, the first Ottoman surface action involving major warships since the Russo-Turkish War, on 16 December 1912. The Ottoman fleet sortied from the Dardanelles at 9:30; the smaller craft remained at the mouth of the straits while the battleships sailed north, hugging the coast. The Greek flotilla, which included the armored cruiser and three s, sailing from the island of Lemnos, altered course to the northeast to block the advance of the Ottoman battleships. The Ottoman ships opened fire on the Greeks at 9:40, from a range of about . Five minutes later, "Georgios Averof" crossed over to the other side of the Ottoman fleet, placing the Ottomans in the unfavorable position of being under fire from both sides.
At 9:50 and under heavy pressure from the Greek fleet, the Ottoman ships completed a 16-point turn (180°), which reversed their course, and headed for the safety of the straits. The turn was poorly executed, and the ships fell out of formation, blocking each other's fields of fire. "Barbaros Hayreddin", "Turgut Reis", and "Mesudiye" took several hits during the battle, though only "Barbaros Hayreddin" was significantly damaged. By 10:17, both sides had ceased firing and the Ottoman fleet withdrew into the Dardanelles. When they approached the straits, "Mesudiye" and "Asar-i Tevfik" took up positions to cover the withdrawal of the damaged pre-dreadnoughts. The ships reached port by 13:00 and transferred their casualties to the hospital ship "Resit Paşa".
Battle of Lemnos.
In late December, the Ottomans began a campaign of raids and patrols in the Aegean Sea against the islands that had been recently conquered by the Greeks. The Ottoman Army began planning to make a landing on Tenedos in late December, which had been captured by Greece earlier in the war. "Mesudiye" and the rest of the Battleship Division sortied from the Dardanelles on the morning of 4 January 1913, but the operation was called off after the Greek fleet appeared. On 10 January, the fleet embarked on another offensive operation, this time to raid the island of Imbros. After a brief, inconclusive clash with Greek destroyers, the fleet again withdrew to the safety of the Dardanelles. Eight days later, another fleet operation began, which produced the Battle of Lemnos, the second major naval engagement of the war. The Ottoman plan was to lure the faster "Georgios Averof" away from the Dardanelles. The protected cruiser evaded the Greek blockade and broke out into the Aegean Sea in an attempt to draw the Greek cruiser into pursuit. Despite the threat posed by the cruiser, the Greek commander refused to detach "Georgios Averof".
The Ottoman fleet departed the Dardanelles at 8:20 on the morning of 18 January, and sailed toward the island of Lemnos at a speed of . "Barbaros Hayreddin" led the line of battleships, with a flotilla of torpedo boats on either side of the formation. A long range artillery duel that lasted for two hours began at around 11:55, when the Ottoman fleet opened fire at a range of . They concentrated their fire on the Greek "Georgios Averof", which returned fire at 12:00. At 12:50, the Greeks attempted to cross the T of the Ottoman fleet, but "Barbaros Hayreddin" turned north to block the Greek maneuver. At around that time, "Mesudiye" took a serious hit that disabled three of her 150 mm guns; this damage, coupled with boiler trouble, led the Ottoman commander to detach the ship and send her back to port.
On 5 February, "Mesudiye" supported operations off Şarköy in the Sea of Marmara, bombarding Bulgarian troops that had occupied the town. This was the last wartime operation conducted by the ship; she did not participate in the amphibious assault on Şarköy three days later. The Ottoman fleet then spent the remaining months of the war in port, until the armistice ended the conflict in April.
World War I.
In late July 1914, World War I broke out in Europe, though the Ottomans initially remained neutral. On 6 September 1914, "Mesudiye" was sent to Nara to protect the minefields guarding the entrance to the Dardanelles. She was supported by the minelayer and the tug . Tensions between the Ottomans and a British fleet patrolling the entrance to the Dardanelles increased until 5 November, when Britain and France declared war on the Ottoman Empire.
On the morning of 13 December, the British submarine , commanded by Lieutenant Norman Holbrook, entered the Dardanelles. At around 11:30, she spotted "Mesudiye" at anchor and fired a single torpedo from a distance of . The torpedo hit the ship's stern and caused serious damage; "Mesudiye"s guns briefly fired at "B11"s periscope before the ship capsized and sank in shallow water. Casualties were light, with only 10 officers and 27 enlisted men killed in the attack. A salvage effort removed the 150 mm and 76 mm guns, which were used to strengthen the defenses of the Dardanelles. In the meantime, "B11" successfully passed back through the Dardanelles and returned to port; Holbrook was awarded the Victoria Cross for sinking "Mesudiye".
"Mesudiye"s salvaged 150 mm guns were installed as "Battery Mesudiye" in the Dardanelles. These guns played a role in the sinking of the French battleship on 18 March 1915, having hit the ship eight times—one of which disabled her forward turret—before she struck a mine and sank with very heavy loss of life.

</doc>
<doc id="7048774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048774" title="Wollheim">
Wollheim



</doc>
<doc id="7048775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048775" title="Walheim">
Walheim

Walheim () is a town in the district of Ludwigsburg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany with a considerable viticulture. Besides the village Walheim there are no other places belonging to the municipal area of Walheim.
Geography and climate.
Walheim is situated in a height of 171 to 260 meters between the Neckar and the vineyards. The annual average temperature is 9.5 °C (49 °F) and the annual rainfall amounts to 700 L/m2. Due to the mild climate the Walheim forest does not feature naturally located conifers, but mixed forest with a fairly big amount of oaks.
Historical geography.
The abandoned village Dambach is situated in the municipal area of Walheim.
History.
Already in the Neolithic Age around 4000 to 2500 BC the area of Walheim was populated. A female skeleton found in 1980 has been dated to 1500 BC and therefore belongs to the Bronze Age. Starting 450 BC Celtic defense and living facilities have been built.
Many vestiges of the Romans can be found in Walheim: There are remnants of two Roman castra and a vast civil settlement. During the period of 85 to 120 AC the area of Walheim was an important emporium.
As from 233 AC the Alamanni began to settle the territory and in 496 AC the region became Franconian.
Economy and infrastructure.
Walheim is a town with a significant viticulture. 
Close by the town the Walheim power plant is located.

</doc>
<doc id="7048807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048807" title="My World (Guns N' Roses song)">
My World (Guns N' Roses song)



</doc>
<doc id="7048810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048810" title="Grant Devine Dam">
Grant Devine Dam

The Grant Devine Dam, formerly Alameda Dam, is an embankment dam in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan near Alameda and Oxbow. It was constructed in 1994 to control flows on Moose Mountain Creek and Souris River. It provides flood protection and irrigation for this area of Saskatchewan, along with protection for Minot, North Dakota. The Grant Devine Reservoir provides opportunities for recreational use such as boating and fishing. At the full supply level of , the reservoir holds of water. The project is owned and operated by the Saskatchewan Water Security Agency (formerly Saskatchewan Watershed Authority).
Structure.
The Grant Devine Dam is a } long earthfill dam, with a height of . The volume of earth in the main dam is . The dam is protected by a long spillway with a maximum discharge capacity of per second.
The dam includes a low-level outlet structure for discharge of water to maintain the quality of the riparian environment downstream of the project, and for irrigation outflow.
The reservoir has a surface area of at full supply level. The surrounding drainage area is .
A full-time staff of about five people supervises and operates this dam and the Rafferty Dam built at the same time. Together, the two projects provide flow control on the Souris River and flood protection for the city of Minot. Operation of the project is governed by an international treaty between Canada and the United States.
Moose Creek Regional Park.
Moose Creek Regional Park () is a regional park on the east side of the reservoir, north of the dam. The park encompasses about 3/4 of a section, which is about 480 acres. The park is east of Alameda off of Highway 9 and north of Oxbow off of Highway 18. The park features full-service camping, tenting, picnicking, swimming, boating, and fishing. There is also Moose Creek Golf Club, a 9-hole golf course. The third weekend in June each year, the Alameda Fishing Derby takes place on the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="7048816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048816" title="Henry Shelton Sanford">
Henry Shelton Sanford

Henry Shelton Sanford (June 15, 1823 – May 21, 1891) was an American diplomat and businessman from Connecticut who served as United States Minister to Belgium from 1861 to 1869. He is also known for founding the city of Sanford, Florida and for successfully lobbying the United States into recognizing King Leopold II's claim to the Congo region in Central Africa, the area that would become Leopold's privately-controlled Congo Free State.
Biography.
Early life.
Sanford was born in Woodbury, Connecticut into a family with deep New England roots. He was the son of Nancy Bateman Shelton (1800–1880) and Nehemiah Curtis Sanford, who made his fortune manufacturing brass tacks and served in the Connecticut Senate for the 16th District. He was a descendant of Governor Thomas Welles, who arrived in 1635 and was the only man in Connecticut's history to hold all four top offices: governor, deputy governor, treasurer, and secretary. He was also the transcriber of the Fundamental Orders.
Nehemiah C. Sanford's brother was John Sanford, the founder of the Amsterdam, New York branch of the Sanford family.
Education.
Henry Shelton Sanford enrolled in Trinity College in 1839 but did not graduate. Trinity College later conferred on him the degree of L.L.D. in 1849. He was also educated at Heidelberg University, Germany from which institution he received the degree of Doctor of Canon and Civil Law or J.U.D. in 1855. He obtained the title of ‘General,’ which he is often noted by, after donating a cannon battery to the Union in the Civil War.
Sanford began diplomatic work in 1847, when he was named the Secretary of the American legation to St. Petersburg. In 1848, he was named acting Secretary to the American Legation in Frankfurt. President Zachary Taylor then appointed him to the same post in Paris, where he would remain from 1849 to 1854, the last year of which after a promotion to chargé d'affaires.
Minister to Belgium.
President Abraham Lincoln appointed him as Minister to Belgium in 1861. There, apart from preventing Confederate recognition, he signed a number of significant agreements, including the Scheldt Treaties, concerning import duties and the capitalization of the Scheldt dues (1863), a naturalization treaty, and a consular convention including a trademark article supplemental to the commercial treaty of 1858.
In addition, Sanford co-ordinated northern secret service operations during the Civil War, arranged for the purchase of war materials for the Union, and delivered a message from Secretary of State William H. Seward to Giuseppe Garibaldi, offering the Italian patriot a Union command.
After the Civil War he bought an orange grove in St. Augustine, Florida, from John Hay, who had been one of President Lincoln's secretaries and later served as U.S. Secretary of State. It was the beginning of a large investment in the state. The St. Augustine grove was later developed as a real estate subdivision in the northern part of the city's historic Lincolnville neighborhood. It includes a Sanford Street as a permanent memory of its origins.
Marriage and family.
He married on September 21, 1864, in Paris, France, to Gertrude Ellen Dupuy (27 June 1841 "du Puy Place", Banks-of-the-Schuylkill, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania – 1 June 1902 Derby, Connecticut), daughter of John Dupuy and Mary Richards Haskins.
Henry and Gertrude's children were:
He was nominated by President Ulysses S. Grant in 1869 as U.S. Minister to Spain. His Senate confirmation, which was long discussed, was tabled due solely on the grounds that he was unwilling to move to Spain. As soon as President Grant appointed General Daniel Sickles U.S. Minister to Spain, he resigned his post at Belgium.
Investment in Florida.
In 1868 Sanford began to invest his money in Florida, purchasing 12,547 acres of land in central Florida and founding the town which bears his name. He also established the 100 acre Bel Air Grove which at the time was the largest grove in the state. He then began experimenting with 100 varieties of citrus plantings which led to the production of new quality citrus fruits including the Jaffa, Mediterranean Sweet, and the Villa Francean. Sanford continued to travel throughout the United States and the world.
In 1870, Sanford paid $18,400 to former Confederate General Joseph Finegan to acquire his extensive land holdings along Lake Monroe and founded the city of Sanford, Florida. He founded an orange plantation at Lake Monroe that offered some promise to revive his flagging fortunes, but it did not prove profitable in the long term. In fact he poured quite a bit of precious capital into land speculation and town building in Florida in the hopes of turning around a family economy that spent far more than it took in, but with no success. The commitment of his time and resources to cashing in on the postbellum Florida land boom was a miserable failure in the end. His wife was so disgruntled with his booster schemes that she lamented in a letter to her husband that Florida was "a vampire that... sucked the "repose" &amp; the beauty &amp; the "dignity" &amp; cheerfulness out of our lives." Sanford had numerous other business interests, some in the Congo after his work for Belgium, but none were profitable.
Work for Leopold II of Belgium.
In 1876 he was named acting Delegate of the American Geographical Society to a conference called by King Leopold II of Belgium to organize the International African Association with the purpose of opening up equatorial Africa to civilizing influences. Leopold II used Sanford to convince Henry Morton Stanley to explore the Congo basin for Belgium in 1878. He then hired Sanford in 1883 as his envoy to the United States to try to gain American recognition for his colony in the Congo Basin, which became known as the Congo Free State.
In 1885, Sanford expressed the hope that African Americans could be removed to the Congo Free State to make it a "Canaan for our modern Israelites" and clear the U.S. of a "black cloud."
In 1886, Sanford organized in Brussels and dispatched to the Congo and its tributaries the Sanford Exploring Expedition for the purpose of scientific and commercial discovery and for the opening up of an interior trade. His steamboats "Florida" and "New York" were the first commercial steamers to penetrate the waters of the upper Congo. Sanford employed Roger Casement from September 1886 to February 1888 on the Expedition, working on river transports. His project did not prosper partly because the Congo State was becoming increasingly restrictive in its attitude to other commercial interests.
In 1888, the Sanford Exploring Expedition merged with the Compagnie du Congo pour le Commerce et l'Industrie (CCCI) to create the Société anonyme belge pour le commerce du Haut-Congo (SAB).
Sanford remained loyal to the Belgian king until 1889 and served as the American representative at Leopold's Anti-Slavery Conference. Leopold then betrayed his earlier free trade plans for the Congo and asked for the imposition of customs duties to aid the destruction of slavery in the Congo.
Further business ventures.
His efforts on overseas matters resulted in his Florida groves failing as a lucrative business. To meet his labor shortages, Sanford brought 100 workers from Sweden and agreed to pay for their passage after one year of labor. His workers eventually formed the settlement called New Uppsala. In 1881, Sanford brought 75 more Swedish workers to his groves under the same arrangement. Sanford then founded the "Tropical Garden" research station which conducted remarkable experiments in plant and fruit growth.
Death.
Sanford died at Healing Springs, Virginia on May 21, 1891. He is buried in Long Hill Cemetery, Shelton, Connecticut.
Legacy.
In her will of 1901, Gertrude Sanford expressed a desire that the city of Sanford, Florida have her husband's library as his memorial. Her daughter, Carola Sanford-Dow fulfilled this wish and in 1969 the Henry Shelton Sanford Memorial Library and Museum was built to house the books, papers, and decorative arts collection of Gen. Sanford. The museum was expanded in 1973 and again in 1993, at which time the name was changed to the Sanford Museum.
He also appears in Mario Vargas Llosa's Nobel Prize–winning novel, "The Dream of the Celt".

</doc>
<doc id="7048821" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048821" title="Reinforcing steel bar">
Reinforcing steel bar



</doc>
<doc id="7048830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048830" title="Disney radio">
Disney radio



</doc>
<doc id="7048836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048836" title="Catherwood Library">
Catherwood Library



</doc>
<doc id="7048837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048837" title="De Profundis (Vader album)">
De Profundis (Vader album)

De Profundis is the second album by the Polish death metal band Vader. The album was originally released in Poland by Croon Records and in the US by Pavement Music, but with no lyrics and a normal inner CD layout. It was re-released with a bonus track by Metal Mind Productions in 2003 with a cover of the Depeche Mode song "I Feel You". It was also re-released for Japan in 1997 by Avalon Records/Marquee Records with two bonus tracks.
De Profundis was recorded in May 1995 at Modern Sound Studio in Gdynia, Poland, and was produced by Piotr Wiwczarek and Adam Toczko. The album was mastered by Grzegorz Piwkowski.
A live music video was shot for the song "Incarnation" during the Marlboro Sopot Rock Festival in Poland.
The album sold approximately 17,000 units in two weeks in Poland.
Personnel.
Production and performance credits are adapted from the album liner notes.
An Act of Darkness / I.F.Y..
An Act of Darkness / I.F.Y. is the first single by the Polish death metal band Vader. It was released in 1995 by Croon Records in Poland, and System Shock/Impact Records in the rest of Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="7048841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048841" title="LaBranche Fishing Camp">
LaBranche Fishing Camp

The LaBranche Fishing Camp (also known as Estes Fishing Camp) is a historic site in Islamorada, Florida, United States. On May 9, 1997, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The former marina is located on Whale Harbor Channel, a waterway which separates Windley Key from Upper Matecumbe Key. Boats from the fish camp could easily access the Atlantic Ocean to the south or Florida Bay to the north. No public access is available. The marina business is closed, and the site now serves as dockage for patrol vessels from local marine law enforcement agencies, primarily the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission. The former Estes Fish Camp is located on the north side of U.S. 1, across the highway from Holiday Isle Resort and Marina.

</doc>
<doc id="7048846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048846" title="Swiss Beats">
Swiss Beats



</doc>
<doc id="7048848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048848" title="The Moral Dimension">
The Moral Dimension



</doc>
<doc id="7048850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048850" title="Shadow Kat">
Shadow Kat



</doc>
<doc id="7048851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048851" title="Wild petunia">
Wild petunia



</doc>
<doc id="7048853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048853" title="Martin P. Catherwood Library">
Martin P. Catherwood Library

The Martin P. Catherwood Library, commonly known as the Catherwood Library or simply the ILR Library, serves the New York State School of Industrial and Labor Relations at Cornell University. One of over a dozen libraries within the Cornell University Library system, the Catherwood Library is considered the most comprehensive resource of its kind in North America. The Catherwood Library's stated mission is to serve as a comprehensive information center in support of the research, instruction, and service commitments of the Industrial and Labor Relations School and Cornell community. The Catherwood Library is an official Depository Library of the International Labour Organization (ILO), one of only two in the country to be so designated; the other is the Library of Congress.
History.
By acts of the New York State Legislature in 1944, Cornell was authorized to establish the New York State School of Industrial and Labor Relations. The Temporary Board of Trustees mandated that the School should render three types of service, one being the provision of information "... both in response to specific inquiries from interested individuals and groups and through publications which it may initiate itself." The Board further declared, "It will be essential to develop at the earliest possible moment a comprehensive library, both of standard works and periodicals and of documentary materials."
To fulfill this mandate, Dean Irving Ives delegated the task of creating a library for the new school to J. Gormly Miller, shortly after the latter's return from the armed services. The library was established in November 1946, with its various departments spread across campus: the first reading room was housed in Warren Hall, while a sizable number of the librarians were stationed in Myron Taylor Hall. By early 1948, fewer than half of the library's 10,000-volume collection could be fit in the space available.
Construction of a dedicated library building began in September 1959 on the site that previously housed a portion of Cornell's School of Veterinary Medicine. Part of a complex which also included new classrooms for ILR students, the library opened doors to its new quarters in 1962.
In 1970, the school renamed the library in honor of Martin P. Catherwood, who served as Dean of the ILR school from 1947 to 1958, in recognition of a "lifetime of public service" which also included appointments as state commerce commissioner, the industrial commissioner of New York State, and chair of the New York State Planning Board. Catherwood was also a professor of public administration at Cornell's College of Agriculture. The building was built in 1962 and renovated in 2007 by New York State, which continues to own it.
Current Operations and Collection.
The Catherwood Library employs a staff of 23, including nine professional librarians. The collection includes over 250,000 volumes, including over 1,500 journals, newsletters, and annuals. The Kheel Center's archive includes over 400,000 historical photographs and over of manuscript materials. The library's $1.8 million annual operating budget is funded 59% from New York State appropriations, and 36% from the ILR School, with the remainder from grants and income.
The library boasts strong holdings in the subject areas of collective bargaining, industrial relations, labor dispute resolution, labor economics and the employment relationship, labor history, contemporary trade union issues, human resource studies, organizational behavior, and international and comparative industrial relations.
Kheel Center.
The Kheel Center for Labor-Management Documentation &amp; Archives was founded in 1949 as the Labor-Management Documentation Center. Its continuing purpose is the preservation of original source materials relevant to the history of American labor unions, management theory as it applies to labor and industrial relations, and the history of employees at the workplace.
With over of manuscript materials, the Kheel Center ranks as one of three major centers of its type in the country. It also houses an exceptional photograph collection of over 400,000 images, 350 oral history interviews, over 40,000 collective bargaining agreements, over 250,000 pamphlets and union constitutions, and other labor related material. The center is the designated repository for papers of key individuals and organizations prominent in the history of labor-management relations.
In May 1996, the center was renamed to honor Theodore W. Kheel, distinguished lawyer, arbitrator, mediator, and public figure and his wife, Ann Sunstein Kheel. Throughout its history, the Kheel Center has been a unit of the Catherwood Library of the School of Industrial and Labor Relations.
One of the most celebrated aspects of the Kheel Center's collection is the Triangle Fire Exhibit, detailing the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory Fire of 1911.
DigitalCollections@ILR.
Offered as a service of the Catherwood Library, DigitalCollections@ILR is a digital repository project that offers electronic access to unique material that encompasses every aspect of the workplace. Research and scholarly output included within the DigitalCollections@ILR has been selected and deposited by the Catherwood Library in conjunction with individual departments, centers, institutes, and programs within the School of Industrial and Labor Relations.
This repository was known as DigitalCommons@ILR until 2020.
References.
Law, G. (1996). The Catherwood Library: 50 years of service. In E. G. Goldberg (Ed.), "The ILR School at fifty: Voices of the faculty, alumni &amp; friends" (pp. 131–133). Ithaca, NY: Cornell University.
Catherwood Library. (2006) "About the library". Retrieved September 14, 2006, from https://www.ilr.cornell.edu/library/about/

</doc>
<doc id="7048857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048857" title="Swiss Beatz">
Swiss Beatz



</doc>
<doc id="7048859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048859" title="Nick Dixon">
Nick Dixon

Nick Dixon is a Scottish journalist, television presenter and former television producer, best known for his roles on ITV Breakfast programmes "GMTV", "Daybreak" and "Good Morning Britain". In 2005, Dixon joined breakfast programme "GMTV" as a news correspondent and a stand-in news presenter on the programme. When "GMTV" closed in 2010, he was transferred to the show's successor "Daybreak" where he worked as their New York City correspondent. He is now based in London working as a News Correspondent for the current ITV Breakfast show "Good Morning Britain". He has two children.
Career.
Nick Dixon left school at the age of 16 and went to work for BBC Scotland delivering the mail.
In 1991, Dixon started as a copy boy in the newsroom of BBC Radio Scotland, moving onto typing up stories from reporters and correspondents and helping out on location.
Dixon joined Radio Clyde in Glasgow as a Production Assistant in 1993 and in the same year worked as a researcher on the BBC quiz show "Catchword".
Dixon started with Scottish Television (STV) as a Promotions Director in 1995.
1999 marked the beginning of Dixon's time with Scottish Television's flagship news programme "Scotland Today", starting as a production journalist. Dixon reported on news items such as the Maryhill gas explosion, the Tsunami appeal, the opening of the Scottish Parliament and the Edinburgh Festival.
Dixon has also produced and presented a documentary on STV entitled "Archie McLean: The Forgotten Father of Brazilian Football".
Moving to London in July 2005, Dixon joined "GMTV" as a news producer. He was promoted to reporter in November 2005 and during his first week on the job reported live from the Paris riots on the Champs-Élysées. Dixon reported live from Times Square, New York City on David Blaine's world record attempt in May 2006. He was also a relief newsreader on GMTV.
In September 2010, Dixon transferred to ITV Breakfast programme "Daybreak" as New York correspondent. From July 2011 until April 2014, he was a Features correspondent, based in London. In April 2014, "Daybreak" was axed to make way for a new ITV Breakfast programme called "Good Morning Britain" for which Dixon is a news correspondent.

</doc>
<doc id="7048860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048860" title="Hey Man!">
Hey Man!



</doc>
<doc id="7048861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048861" title="Katherine &quot;Kitty&quot; Pryde">
Katherine &quot;Kitty&quot; Pryde



</doc>
<doc id="7048865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048865" title="Joseph C. McKibbin">
Joseph C. McKibbin

Joseph Chambers McKibbin (May 14, 1824 – July 1, 1896) was an American lawyer, Civil War veteran, and California Democratic politician who served one term in the United States House of Representatives from 1857 to 1859.
Early life and career.
McKibbin was born 1824 in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania. One of his brothers was David B. McKibbin.
He received a common-school education then attended Princeton College 1840–1842.
He moved to California in 1849 during the California Gold Rush, settling in Sierra County.
He studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1852, practicing in Downieville.
Political career.
McKibbin was a member of the California State Senate in 1852 and 1853,
then elected as a Democrat to the 35th Congress, and served from 1857 to 1859. He lost his bid for re-election in 1858.
Civil War.
During the Civil War McKibbin enlisted in the Union Army in 1861 and was one of the first six Cavalry officers appointed by President Abraham Lincoln.
He served as a colonel and aide-de-camp on the staffs of Major General Henry W. Halleck and Major General George H. Thomas.
Later career and death.
After the Civil War, McKibbon settled in Washington, D.C., as a general contractor.
He purchased the property at Marshall Hall, Maryland, in 1883.
McKibbin died on July 1, 1896, in Marshall Hall, Maryland, and is buried in Arlington National Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="7048872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048872" title="Sister Sara Salkahazi">
Sister Sara Salkahazi



</doc>
<doc id="7048875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048875" title="Ovis ammon">
Ovis ammon



</doc>
<doc id="7048876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048876" title="Halfway Creek Site">
Halfway Creek Site

The Halfway Creek Site is an archaeological site located near Carnestown, Florida. On August 15, 1980, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="7048877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048877" title="Pointing Up">
Pointing Up

Pointing Up was Preston Reed's first release on Flying Fish Records. It subsequently went out-of-print and was re-released as a compilation with "Playing by Ear" and re-titled "Preston Reed".

</doc>
<doc id="7048879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048879" title="Ilr library">
Ilr library



</doc>
<doc id="7048889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048889" title="Debt buyer (United States)">
Debt buyer (United States)

A debt buyer is a company, sometimes a collection agency, a private debt collection law firm, or a private investor, that purchases delinquent or charged-off debts from a creditor or lender for a percentage of the face value of the debt based on the potential collectibility of the accounts. The debt buyer can then collect on its own, utilize the services of a third-party collection agency, repackage and resell portions of the purchased portfolio, or use any combination of these options.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) administers the 1977 landmark federal Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (FDCPA), which established debt collection industry standards and depends on the industry self-regulating or "self-enforcing" the statute through "private action" as opposed to "government law enforcement". FDCPA protect consumers and ethical collectors.
From 1999 to 2009, the "advent and growth of debt buying", that is "the purchasing, collecting, and reselling of debts in default", was considered to be the "most significant change" in the debt collection business. According to Sacramento, California-based Debt Buyers Association (DBA), a debt buyers trade association, by 2008 there were "hundreds, and possibly thousands" of debt buyers. The debt buying industry was highly concentrated according to "The Nilson Report" with only ten debt buyers "responsible for 81 percent of all of the credit card debt purchased in fiscal year 2007".
DBA, which was established in 1997 and is now known as Receivables Management Association (RMA), provides the self-regulation tool for debt buyers, the International Receivables Management Certification Program, which has been obligatory for all RMA members since February 29, 2016.
In 2015, Encore Capital Group and subsidiaries form the largest debt buyer and collector in the United States and Portfolio Recovery Associates was the second largest.
According to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's May 2017 Quarterly Report on Household Debt and Credit, Americans owe $12.73 trillion in consumer debt to creditors—credit card companies, student loans, mortgages, and car dealers, among others. These debts are usually paid off to creditors, but by 2017, unpaid debts were "increasingly likely to end up in the hands of professional debt collectors—companies whose business it is to collect debts that are owed to other companies". According to the annual CFPB 2017 report, there were 130,000 people employed by 6,000 collection agencies in the "$13.7 billion dollar industry".
Role of debt buyers.
The debt collection industry which includes debt buyers, "in-house collection departments, third-party collection agencies, and collection attorneys", recover and return "billions of dollars in delinquent debt" to "card issuers and other creditors" annually which "increase[s] the availability of consumer credit and reduce[s] its cost". The "accounts receivable management industry" includes the "collection practices of original creditors". The GAO refers to the debt collection industry as "businesses that engage in the collection of debt for which the business is not the original creditor".
According to ACA International, previously known as American Collectors Association, a trade group representing "collection agencies, creditors, debt buyers, collection attorneys and debt collection industry service providers", the collections industry as a whole provided over 230,000 jobs nationwide in 2013.
History.
The debt buying industry in the United States began as a result of the savings and loan crisis (S&amp;L crisis) in which from 1986 and 1995, 1,043 out of the 3,234 American savings and loan associations failed and hundreds of banks were closed by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation (FSLIC) and the Resolution Trust Corporation (RTC). The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), which insures deposits up to a certain amount, received the assets of the bank to cover the expenses associated with repaying the closed banks' depositors.
When the FDIC and eventually the Resolution Trust Corporation took control of the assets, they had to find institutions, organizations and private investors that would be willing to purchase the assets of closed banks including both performing and non-performing (delinquent or charged-off) accounts.
The RTC held auctions around the country allowing various organizations to bid for portfolios of mixed assets. At these auctions, the bidders were not able to evaluate the assets prior to bidding and most purchasers had no idea what they had purchased until they had left the auction. The availability of these assets to the general public was the fuel used to launch the debt buying industry.
DBA, a trade association for the debt buyer industry, was established in 1997.
Due to the profitability of the industry, debt buying experienced dramatic expansion from 2000 through 2005, doubling its debt acquisition in those years.
According to a 2004 "Healthcare Financial Management" web page, credit card debt comprises 70% of the accounts sold to debt buyers, followed by automobile loans, telecommunications debt, and retail accounts.
By 2005 the total of consumer loans had climbed to a new high of over $2 trillion, representing a 25% increase since 2000. On October 17, 2005, the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act (BAPCPA) came into effect with more stringent bankruptcy laws making it more difficult for debtors to use the courts to be released from debt. According to the National Consumer Law Center (NCLC), these two factors contributed to the rapid growth of the debt buying industry. The increased debt load was further complicated by "rising interest rates and stagnant personal incomes". Other factors exacerbating a debt crisis included "identity theft and Internet fraud". BAPCPA "effectively repealed the fresh start principle for individuals".
Bankruptcy reform benefited "banks, credit card companies, and other creditors" who lobbied for the reform because they bear the loss when debts are discharged through bankruptcy. According to a 2009 article in "Berkeley Business Law Journal", as a result of BAPCPA, "although bankruptcies and credit card company losses decreased, and credit card companies achieved record profits, the cost to consumers of credit card debt actually increased. In other words, the 2005 bankruptcy reforms profited credit card companies" and "increased the costs and decreased the benefits of bankruptcy to consumers". By 2007, the use of Chapter 11 as a debtor relief vehicle had eroded.
By 2005 debt buyers had purchased approximately $110 billion in face value of delinquent debts in 2005. According to SEC filings, by 2005, the largest debt buyers at that time purchased billions of dollars' worth of debt for pennies on the dollar. For example, Asset Acceptance purchased $4.2 billion of debt for $102.3 million which represented 2.4 cents on the dollar.
According to Christopher Palmeri, by 2005, the "$15-billion-a-year [debt buyer] industry" by 2005 had gone "corporate". In the third quarter of 2005 alone, "private-equity firms, venture capitalists, and others invested a record $1.6 billion in the business, almost as much as in all of [2004]. Six firms [were] publicly traded, and two made secondary share offerings [in 2005]."
According to a 2005 publication by the Association of Credit and Collection Professionals (ACA), by 2005, as the visibility and profitability of the industry grew, so did competition, both in terms of the number of debt buyers and the rising prices of bad debt.
A July 2006 article in "The New York Times" reported that the Federal Trade Commission received 66,627 complaints from consumers about "third-party debt collectors" in 2005 compared to 11,820 in 1999.
In 2007 the total outstanding credit card debt rose to over $838 billion and the delinquency rate on credit cards payments rose to its highest level in 18 years during the Great Recession in the United States. IN December 2007, the six largest credit card issuers were Citigroup Inc., Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co., Capital One Financial Corp., Discover Financial Services Inc, and American Express, with a total credit card debt of $692,879,725,000.
In 2008, collectively, "nine of the largest debt buyers" purchased 76.1% of the total debt. Six of the largest debt buyers participated in a three-year FTC study providing some data related to 5,000 portfolios—mainly credit card debt—purchased for about $6.5 billion representing almost "90 million consumer accounts". The total face value of the accounts was approximately $143 billion.
As a result of the 2008 financial crisis, prices for the best accounts fell from the 2007–2008 high of 14 cents on the dollar to 4–7 cents. According to the Payments Source 2009 webpage, depending on the age and history of the debt, a buyer typically paid between 3 and 20 percent of the face value of the debt. Accounts that come directly from the original creditor without having been placed with a collection agency have the highest value, with prices decreasing based on the amount of time that has passed since the account was charged off.
With the passing of Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in 2010, debt buyer industry regulations were tightened. "Stymied in state courts, the debt buyers" began to file thousands of lawsuits in "bankruptcy courts – specifically, in cases governed by Chapter 13 of the Bankruptcy Code, which allows consumers earning regular incomes to restructure their debts and repay as many as they can over a period of several years."
Regulation.
The federal landmark Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (FDCPA) of 1977 was "intended to be ... primarily a self-enforcing statute" in which "private action rather than government law enforcement" was the "main means of promoting industry compliance with the law". In 2010 the FDCPA was amended.
Federal regulations.
Consumer third-party agencies are subject to FDCPA, which went into effect in March 1978 and is administered by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) (15 USC 1692 et seq.) The FDCPA was intended to The FDCPA established standards for the debt collection industry intended "to protect consumers from harmful debt collection practices and to protect ethical collectors from competitive disadvantage". Thirty years after FDCPA was enacted, a workshop hosted by the FTC with "consumer groups, the collection industry, academia, and government agencies" participating, found that "most significant change in the debt collection business" [from 1997 to 2007], was the "advent and growth of debt buying (i.e., the purchasing, collecting, and reselling of debts in default)".
Under the FDCPA abusive debt collection practices, such as the following, are illegal:
While original creditors are often exempt from fair debt collection laws, courts and regulators have generally taken the position that debt buyers and any other third-party collection agency are covered by these laws. A debt buyer does not have the same incentive to maintain the customer relationship with a debtor as the original creditor, and some debt buyers may be unconcerned about negative publicity and complaints. Thus, there are reports that some debt buyers engage in abusive debt collection practices, which are illegal under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act.
Thus, debt buyers who engage in abusive collections practices are subject to lawsuits under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act and other state and federal laws. They may also be subject to regulatory action by state attorneys general or the Federal Trade Commission, which in 2004 shut down Capital Acquisitions and Management Corporation, a debt buyer that allegedly engaged in extensive abusive collection practices.
To address many of the controversies surrounding debt buyers and to learn more about the business, the FTC in January 2010 asked nine of the largest debt purchasers in the country to submit detailed information about their businesses and the debt portfolios they have bought in the past.
Following FTC hearings on revisions to the FDCPA in October 2007, the Commission brought "unprecedented enforcement actions against large accounts receivable management (ARM) companies".
In their February 2009 report, the Commission raised concerns about consumer protection as related to "debt collection litigation and arbitration practices". These concerns were repeated in their 2010 report in which the Commission stated that system in place for "resolving consumer debts" was "broken". Consumers were "not adequately protected in either debt collection litigation or arbitration". The FTC recommended that the federal and state governments, and the debt collection industry, implement reforms to increase the efficiency and fairness of the system.
In January 2013, the FTC published their report entitled "The Structure and Practices of the Debt Buying Industry", which was the "first major empirical study of debt buyers".
In 2010 the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act was passed.
States.
Many U.S. states have similar laws to the FDCPA on fair debt collection, called "mini-FDCPAs" by some. Many states' laws regulate the debt collection industry and give consumer debtors more extensive protection from abusive and deceptive practices.
The Debt Collection Law in Massachusetts was modeled after the FDCPA and uses the Commission's definitions of debt collector to include debt buyers. Massachusetts and the FDCPA dismissed arguments that "collections must be for 'another' or that a debt buyer is included within the definition of a 'creditor' and therefore as a 'creditor' would not be covered by the FDCPA. ... [However], a creditor does not include a person who received an assignment or transfer of a debt in default." Debt buyers are included in the definition: "any person who uses an instrumentality of interstate commerce or the mails in any business the principal purpose of which is the collection of a debt, or who regularly collects or attempts to collect, directly or indirectly, a debt owed or due or asserted to be owed or due another." 
Municipal.
New York City enacted a law in 2009 which "prohibiting debt collection agencies from collecting 'a debt on which the statute of limitations for initiating legal action has expired unless such agency first provides the consumer such information about the consumer's legal rights as the commissioner prescribes by rule.'"
Self-regulation.
The International Receivables Management Certification Program which was established in 2013, became obligatory by February 29, 2016, for all "DBA International members in the Professional, Standard, and Associate membership categories".
The DBA International Receivables Management Certification Program was established in 2013 to certify companies and individuals operating and employed within the U.S. receivables industry. This "gold standard" certification program was designed to promote uniform, consumer-oriented, best practice standards for the receivables industry. The program is administered by DBA International. The program has established a national standard for the debt buying industry to ensure that certified companies are complying with state and federal statutory requirements, responding to consumer complaints and inquiries, and are following industry best practices. The program requires certified companies to conform to 20 standards ranging from data and document acquisition, chain of title, and data security to establishing consumer complaint and dispute resolution policies. Certified companies are subject to independent third-party audits as well as remediation agreements if they do not conform to the standards. Failure to comply with program requirements will lead to the loss of certification.
In their 2016 white paper, the RMA recommended a number of self-regulatory options such as the adoption of standardized industry best practices to ensure that secondary market sales transactions "preserve data and document integrity" about the sales transaction at the "point of the sales" to avoid the imposition of more governmental regulations. This includes the consumer's full name, address, Social Security number or other government issued identification number as well as copies of the contract, unpaid balance, "with a breakdown of the post-charge-off balance, interest, fees, payments, and creditor/owner authorized credits".
Types of collection agencies.
In 2005, debt buyers ranged in size from very small private businesses to multimillion-dollar publicly traded companies.
According to a 2005 article in "The Washington Post", there were four publicly traded debt buyers.
Debt buyers may be classified as "active"—those who attempt to collect on the accounts they purchase, or "passive"—those who invest in the debt and then outsource the collection activities to a separate collection agency or collection law firm. Since Dodd–Frank, the "passive" debt buyer has all but become extinct.
In a 2005 article published in "Business Credit" journal, the author Paul Legrady distinguished between first, second and third-party collection agencies. First-party collection agencies tend to nurture more constructive relationships with the second-party (called consumers or debtors) and are involved in the early months before they selling or passing the debt on to a third-party. The first-party writes off most of the value of the debt in the sale to a third-party collection agency.
According to a 2005 article by Christopher Palmeri, the public relations risks to the first-party collection agency associated with defaulted debt collection are reduced by passing on the debt collection to the third-party collector. First-party creditors are outside companies hired by a creditor "to collect on accounts that are between 30 and 90 days past due but not yet charged off as losses by the creditor".
Due to the varying size of debt buying organizations, not all organizations have the capital required to purchase large portfolios directly from the debt issuer. Historically, smaller debt-buying firms would purchase their debt accounts from a larger buyer after that larger buyer had already attempted to collect on the account.
Purchased debts can also include personal loans, utility bills, medical bills, primary and secondary mortgages, or any type of consumer or commercial credit account.
Debt buying has historically taken place via the purchase and sale of whole portfolios consisting of a static group of accounts. Debt issuers usually prefer to sell their entire portfolio to a single debt buyer because the issuer is responsible for supplying the debt buyers with the documentation to prove the validity of the account. This documentation known as "media" in the debt buying industry may include the original account application, monthly statements, affidavits of sale and charge-off statements. This information protects consumers and is necessary to prove in court that the debtor owes the money and that the debt buyer owns the account.
Most of the major banks that sell all or a portion of their charged-off assets sell their accounts to a small selection of pre-approved buyers who purchase using a vehicle known as a "Forward Flow Agreement". A forward flow is an agreement between a debt buyer and debt seller to transact a fixed amount of debt over a fixed period of time for a predetermined price. For example, a debt buyer and debt seller may enter an agreement to transact $20 million face value of debt each month for 12 months at a price of 7%.
Student loans.
Since 2005, Navient acquired the portfolio of "private student loans, Direct Department of Education Loans, and student loans that originated under the Federal Family Education Loan (FFEL) Program" account receivables from Sallie Mae. By 2015 U.S. Department of Education had contracted out to various federal accounts receivable collectors, including "Navient-owned Pioneer Credit Recovery, as well as Coast Professional, Enterprise Recovery Systems, National Recoveries and West Asset Management", the management of the "$744.3 billion portfolio of direct student loans".
Largest debt buyers.
Debt buyers, such as Encore Capital Group and Portfolio Recovery Associates, the two largest debt buyers, purchase "portfolios of defaulted consumer receivables from major banks, credit unions, and utility providers". According to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an official site of the United States government, they
Encore Capital Group and subsidiaries form the largest debt buyer and collector in the United States. Encore Capital enjoyed soaring revenues from $316 million in 2009 to $773 million in 2013. The firm is a publicly traded NASDAQ Global Select company, a component stock of the Russell 2000, the S&amp;P SmallCap 600, and the Wilshire 4500.
Portfolio Recovery Associates was the second-largest in 2015.
NCO, previously the largest debt collector, was taken private in 2006 after merging with One Equity Partners.
The Receivable Management Services Corporation (RMS), a collection agency, is based in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. In September 2005, Citigroup venture-capital funds purchased a controlling stake in RMS.
Controversies.
The FTC has undertaken investigations and published reports in 2007, 2009, 2010, and 2013 raising concerns about on . In 2007 the Commission brought actions against the largest debt buying companies for practices that ethical industry members also deplored. In her 2006 "The Washington Post" article, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Liz Pulliam Weston described some of the worst practices debt buyer industry attorneys had used. This included "badgering" consumers for debts already released through bankruptcy, lawsuits or threats of lawsuits over debts released because "the statute of limitations had expired", put pressure on consumers by claiming their "old debt" is a "new one", thereby "illegally 're-aging' debts on credit reports and extending the seven-year limit". They also make promises to delete a "negative mark from the consumer's credit report" if a payment is made without informing the consumer, that making even a token payment revives the statute of limitations. Credit card companies purchase charged-off debts and add them to the balance of 'bait-and-switch' credit cards that consumers unknowingly purchase because they are low-rate credit cards. Consumers also complained of being verbally abused, harassed, "cursed, berated and called repeatedly despite requests to stop".
At the corporate level the debt collection business model is highly lucrative as debt buyers purchase "huge swaths of soured bills from lenders for pennies on the dollar".
Jake Halpern, author of "Bad Paper", described Encore Capital as a "behemoth" in the American debt-industry complex.
In September 2015, both Encore and Portfolio Recovery Associates were charged with violating the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (FDCPA), the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act by filing "lawsuits against consumers without having the intent to prove many of the debts, winning the vast majority of the lawsuits by default when consumers failed to defend themselves". The U.S. federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau imposed an enforcement action on Encore for pressuring borrowers "to pay with false statements, with lawsuits and with the use of using so-called robo-signed court documents," that was also used in mortgage processing in the subprime market. According to "The New York Times", Encore must pay "$42 million in consumer refunds and a $10 million penalty" and an injunction to "stop collections on debts totaling more than $125 million".
Mass-produced lawsuits.
According to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau(CFPB) between 2009 and 2014 a debt collection agency, through its law firm, "mass-produced" "hundreds of thousands of lawsuits against consumers in New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania". Pressler &amp; Pressler "used an automated claim-preparation system", "online database called AnyWho" and "non-attorney support staff" to "hunt for debtors" and to "determine which consumers to sue". The attorneys "spent less than a few minutes, sometimes less than 30 seconds, reviewing each case before initiating a lawsuit". By 2009, in New York City alone, collection agencies that had bought the debt for "pennies on the dollar from card issuers" issued high volumes of lawsuits in the city's civil court against debtors—approximately 1,000 cases a day.
Andrew Cuomo, who was Attorney General of New York from January 1, 2007, to December 31, 2010, had "shut down" two collection firms and sued "35 law firms tied to the business". Collection firms were fraudulently and sloppily "[c]onducting a digital dragnet" troll[ing] through "commercial databases searching for debtors".
In 2009, in a case before Judge Noach Dear in Brooklyn, T. Andy Wang, a lawyer with Pressler &amp; Pressler revealed that Pressler &amp; Pressler, "one of the biggest in the collection industry", used the "online database called AnyWho to hunt for debtors". They then summoned all those with the same name to court. Judge Dear called for a sanctions hearing, a formal process of penalizing Pressler &amp; Pressler, for suing the wrong man without confirming the man's claims about his Social Security number and date of birth. Judge Dear also called for compensation for lost wages for the man wrongfully summoned and accused.
In cases where the wrongfully accused does not respond to the debt collector's "civil court summons—even if wrongly identified—faces a default judgment and frozen bank accounts". Until Judge Dear's case, there were "few penalties against collectors for dragging the wrong people into court".
In April 2016, Pressler and Pressler's two principal partners, Sheldon H. Pressler and Gerard J. Felt and "New Century Financial Services, Inc., a debt buyer", were ordered by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) "to stop churning out unfair and deceptive debt collection lawsuits based on flimsy or nonexistent evidence". They were also barred from "illegal practices that can deceive or intimidate consumers, such as filing lawsuits without determining if debts in question are valid". The law firm, the partners themselves and the debt buyer were ordered to pay a total of $2.5 million in fines to the CFPB's Civil Penalty Fund. The respondents "violated the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which prohibits unfair and deceptive acts or practices in the consumer financial marketplace".
Student loans.
On May 28, 2015, three defendants—Navient Solutions Inc. (formerly known as Sallie Mae, Inc.), and Navient DE Corporation (formerly known as SLM DE Corporation), and Sallie Mae Bank—were charged with violating the Service members Civil Relief Act (SCRA) from 2005 through 2015 by "failing to provide members of the military the 6 percent interest rate cap to which they were entitled for loans that were incurred before the military service began". The defendants had to pay $60 million in compensation to the nearly 78,000 military service members "who were forced to pay more for their student loans than is required under the SCRA". Navient was fined $55,000 as a civil penalty payable to the United States. Navient had to "request that all three major credit bureaus delete negative credit history entries caused by the interest rate overcharges and improper default judgments".
Supreme Court case.
In an article of June 25, 2017, in "The Washington Post", journalist Adam Winkler observed that there has been a shift in Supreme Court decisions towards favoring corporations like debt buyers. In a ruling on May 15, 2017, the Supreme Court found in favor of Midland Credit Management, Inc., a debt collection company, in the Johnson's Chapter 13 bankruptcy case. The Alabama Bankruptcy Court rejected Midland's lawsuit against Johnson for the credit card debt of $1,879.71, which was a "stale claim" as Johnson was under bankruptcy protection. Johnson then sued Midland, "seeking actual damages, statutory damages, attorney's fees, and costs for a violation" of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, claiming that its filing a proof of claim on an obviously time-barred debt was "false", "deceptive", "misleading", "unconscionable", and "unfair". The Court ruled against Johnson, finding that Midland's proof of claim did not violate Alabama law or the bankruptcy code, given the latter's broad definition of claims.
In their dissent, Justices Sotomayor, Ginsburg and Kagan wrote that "Professional debt collectors have built a business out of buying stale debt, filing claims in bankruptcy proceedings to collect it, and hoping that no one notices that the debt is too old to be enforced by the courts. This practice is both 'unfair' and 'unconscionable'. I respectfully dissent from the Court's conclusion to the contrary."
Popular culture.
John Oliver focused on debt buyers for twenty minutes on his June 6, 2016 HBO show, "Last Week Tonight with John Oliver".

</doc>
<doc id="7048893" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048893" title="Molybdenum(II) chloride">
Molybdenum(II) chloride

Molybdenum dichloride describes chemical compounds with the empirical formula MoCl2. At least two forms are known, and both have attracted much attention from academic researchers because of the unexpected structures seen for these compounds and the fact that they give rise to hundreds of derivatives. The form discussed here is Mo6Cl12. The other molybdenum(II) chloride is potassium octachlorodimolybdate.
Structure.
Rather than adopting a close-packed structure typical of metal dihalides, e.g., cadmium chloride, molybdenum(II) chloride forms a structure based on clusters. Molybdenum(II), which is a rather large ion, prefers to form compounds with metal-metal bonds, i.e. metal clusters. In fact all "lower halides" (i.e. where halide/M ratio is &lt;4) in the "early transition metal series (Ti, V, Cr, Mn triads) do. The species Mo6Cl12 is polymeric, consisting of cubic Mo6Cl84+ clusters interconnected by chloride ligands that bridge from cluster to cluster. This material converts readily to salts of the dianion [Mo6Cl14]2−. In this anion, each Mo bears one terminal chloride but is otherwise part of an Mo6 octahedron embedded inside a cube defined by eight chloride centers. Thus, the coordination environment of each Mo is four triply bridging chloride ligands, four Mo neighbors, and one terminal Cl. The cluster has 24e−, four being provided by each Mo2+.
Synthesis and reactions.
Mo6Cl12 is prepared by the reaction of molybdenum(V) chloride with molybdenum metal:
This reaction proceeds via the intermediacy of MoCl3 and MoCl4, which also are reduced by the presence of excess Mo metal. The reaction is conducted in a tube furnace at 600–650 °C.
Once isolated, Mo6Cl12 undergoes many reactions with retention of the Mo612+ core. Heating in concentrated HCl gives (H3O)2[Mo6Cl14]. The terminal chloride ligands, labeled "ausser" are readily exchanged:
Under more forcing conditions, all 14 ligands can be exchanged, to giving salts of [Mo6Br14]2− and [Mo6I14]2−.
Related clusters.
A variety of clusters are structurally related to [Mo6Cl14]2−. The tungsten analogue is known. Ta and Nb form related clusters where halides are bridge edges of the Ta6 octahedron vs faces. The resulting formula is [Ta6Cl18]4−.
Sulfido and selenido derivatives are also well studied. [Re6Se8Cl6]4− has the same number of valence electrons as does [Mo6Cl14]2−.
The Mo-S clusters Mo6S8L6, analogues of the "Chevrel phases", have been prepared by the reaction of sulfide sources with Mo6Cl12 in the presence of donor ligands L.

</doc>
<doc id="7048897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048897" title="Dunelm House">
Dunelm House

Dunelm House is a Grade II listed building in Durham, England, built in 1966 in the brutalist style. It belongs to Durham University and houses Durham Students' Union. Its listing entry cites, among other factors, that it is "a significant Brutalist building that reflects the latest in architectural thinking for its date" and that it is "the foremost students’ union building of the post-war era in England".
History.
Construction.
The brutalist angular concrete building was designed by Richard Raines and Michael Powers of the Architects' Co-Partnership, and completed in 1966 under the supervision of architect Sir Ove Arup, whose adjacent Kingsgate Bridge opened two years earlier. Built into the steeply sloping bank of the River Wear, Dunelm House is notable internally for the fact that the main staircase linking all five levels of the building runs in an entirely straight line. This was intended by the building's architects to create the feeling of an interior street.
Music venue.
The building was opened in 1966 with a concert by the Thelonious Monk quartet.
During the 1960s and 70s, the venue was part of the national music circuit, and hosted bands including Pink Floyd and Procol Harum. After one gig in 1969, members of Free wrote the song "All Right Now" in their dressing room in the building, which went on to be their biggest hit.
Uncertain future and eventual listing.
In 2016, the university applied for a Certificate of Immunity from Listing, and revealed plans to demolish the building as part of their estate masterplan, saying it would cost £15 million to make the building fit for purpose. Historic England suggested that Dunelm House should be made a Grade II listed building, but culture secretary Karen Bradley said she was inclined instead to grant the certificate of immunity, allowing the building to be demolished.
In 2017, the building hosted a conference under the title "Caring for Brutalism", sponsored by the university and the Twentieth Century Society, which brought together experts on brutalist architecture to discuss the significance and future of Dunelm House and similar 20th century buildings.
The Secretary of State's initial decision to grant a certificate of immunity was appealed by the Twentieth Century Society. The initial appeal was unsuccessful but a second appeal on the grounds that there were irregularities in the listing process and evidence that the decision had been wrongly made led to an announcement in 2021 that the building would be listed at Grade II. This was reported in both local and national press.
Reception.
In 1968 Dunelm House won a Civic Trust award. Sir Nikolaus Pevsner, the noted architecture historian, considered the building, "Brutalist by tradition but not brutal to the landscape ... the elements, though bold, [are] sensitively composed." Durham City Council's Local Plan notes that the "powerful" building, together with Kingsgate Bridge, "provides an exhilarating pedestrian route ... out into open space over the river gorge". Douglas Wise, head of the school of architecture at Newcastle University, called it "the greatest contribution modern architecture has made to the
enjoyment of an English medieval city". It has also been recognised for the way its multiple levels cascade down the river bank, reflecting the vernacular architecture of the city and breaking up the bulk of the building.
Public views were divided from the start, with a local newspaper in 1966 reporting views ranging from "the third best looking building in the city" (after the cathedral and castle), to a "monstrosity". "The Observer" in 2017 reported that students called it "that ugly concrete building".

</doc>
<doc id="7048900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048900" title="Alvan C. Gillem">
Alvan C. Gillem



</doc>
<doc id="7048903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048903" title="Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code">
Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code



</doc>
<doc id="7048905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048905" title="Missaguash River">
Missaguash River

The Missaguash River (French: Rivière Missaguash) is a small Canadian river that forms the southern portion of the inter-provincial boundary between Nova Scotia and New Brunswick on the Isthmus of Chignecto. It had historic significance in the 18th century as the "de facto" border between French (to the west) and English-controlled territories.
History.
The river's name is from the "Mi'kmaq" language, likely meaning "marsh river", in reference to the Tantramar Marshes through which it flows. The name can be translated as "muskrat". Musaguash (Morris, 1750); Mesiguash (DesBarres, 1781); Missaguash from 1901 onward. The river flows south into Cumberland Basin. Its source is in the Missaguash Bog, several kilometres to the north.
About 1672 a small group of Acadians from Port Royal, led by Jacques Bourgeois, formed a settlement on the south bank of the Missaguash near its mouth named Beaubassin. The settlers reclaimed the salt marsh bordering the Missaquash for cultivation by constructing dykes to keep out the sea.
This village grew until 1750. The French priest Jean-Louis Le Loutre led Mi'kmaq warriors to burn down the village to force the Acadians to relocate to French-held territory north of the Missaquash. He wanted to bring French settlers together in a time of increasing national tensions with Great Britain. In the fall of 1750 the British Army under Major Charles Lawrence established Fort Lawrence on the site of the burned village.

</doc>
<doc id="7048907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048907" title="Molybdenum dichloride">
Molybdenum dichloride



</doc>
<doc id="7048908" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048908" title="Palmetto Hall">
Palmetto Hall



</doc>
<doc id="7048915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048915" title="Hans C. Heg">
Hans C. Heg



</doc>
<doc id="7048916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048916" title="Concrete finisher">
Concrete finisher

A concrete finisher is a skilled tradesperson who works with concrete by placing, finishing, protecting and repairing concrete in engineering and construction projects. Concrete finishers are often responsible for setting the concrete forms, ensuring they have the correct depth and pitch.
Concrete finishers place the concrete either directly from the concrete wagon chute, concrete pump, concrete skip or wheelbarrow. They spread the concrete using shovels and rakes, sometimes using a straightedge back and forth across the top of the forms to screed or level the freshly placed concrete. After levelling the concrete, they smooth the surface using either a hand trowel, a long handed "bull float o"r by using powered floats. After the concrete has been leveled and floated, concrete finishers press an "edger" between the forms and the concrete to chamfer the edges so that they are less likely to chip. 
Broom and stamp finishes are a couple of different finished products for outdoor concrete after the trowel-finish is complete. The broom finish is used to prevent slipping on the concrete, and the stamp finish is used for looks.

</doc>
<doc id="7048921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048921" title="Ostia e Velletri">
Ostia e Velletri



</doc>
<doc id="7048922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048922" title="Laurance">
Laurance

Laurance is a surname or given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="7048923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048923" title="Ardler">
Ardler

Ardler is an area in the north-west of Dundee, Scotland, built on land previously owned by Downfield Golf Club. The housing scheme was completed in the late 1960s and originally included six 17-storey multi-storey blocks that formed the northern part of the scheme. These were demolished between 1995 and 2007 as part of a major programme of regeneration due to finish in 2011.
History.
Before the housing scheme.
The origins of the name 'Ardler' are unclear, and certainly not to be confused with the village named Ardler in Perth and Kinross (near Coupar Angus and north-west of Dundee). The name can be found on maps in the 18th century as 'Airdlaw', which could mean that it was the settlement of the Aird family. On the other hand, 'aird' or 'erd' is Scots for earth, so could simply relate to the fact that where the housing scheme is now was once farmland. Ardler Cottages, Ardler ponds (feeding into the Gelly burn, which now runs underground through the middle of Ardler) and three fields once stood on the current site of Downfield Golf Course just to the west of the scheme. These cottages were part of the Camperdown Estate until the land was bought by Dundee City Council.
Just to the east of Ardler Cottages was more farmland which later became a 9-hole golf course, with the land rented from the Camperdown Estate. In 1932, with the land having been returned to agricultural use during the First World War, Downfield Golf Club was formed and the land remained a golf course until 1964.
To the south of and partly incorporating the area where Ardler presently stands was Blackshade, a post-World War II prefabricated housing development intended as a solution to the housing problems of the time, with rapid building needed to meet the demands of long housing waiting lists and those coming home from war. To the north was St Mary's, built in the 1950s, with the golf course in the land depression between the two with the Gelly Burn running through the middle.
The arrival of Ardler.
In the 1960s the need for affordable housing was still apparent in Dundee, and the site of Downfield Golf Club was seen as an appropriate location. A land transfer between the Council and the Club saw the golf course move to its current location where Ardler Cottages and their fields once stood. The prefabricated houses on the site of the new development were demolished in the early 1960s, and the new scheme was built. On the south part of the site were 'courtyards', bungalows with an enclosed courtyard which offered some privacy, walk-ups and maisonettes, with shared entrances which may have been intended to further increase a community spirit, and in the north were the multi-storey blocks. Most were small, 2-bedroom houses, ideal for a first home or for small families, but less so for larger families. In all there were 1,177 house units and six multi-storey blocks containing 1,788 flats, making 2,965 new houses in total. Added to this were the 18 houses that were above the new shopping centre making, with remaining older housing, 3,254 houses on the estate. The homes were very desirable for those coming from Lochee and other parts of Dundee and many of the original residents were very pleased to have a house in Ardler. The scheme was provided with many facilities, mostly in the centre of the area, in an apparent attempt to create a strong sense of community. Yet for some residents there were almost two Ardlers, the houses in the southern half of the scheme and, on the hill overlooking them, the multis.
Decline.
Ardler began to experience a decline particularly during the 1980s, and there were many reasons for this. People who had big families required larger houses. Middle aged couples whose families had grown up and left now looked towards smaller accommodation. The elderly who lived in the multis lived in fear of the vandals who were urinating in the lifts, drinking and using drugs and defacing the property. The lights on the landings were always being vandalised and this caused great distress to people who had to use the stairs when the lifts had been vandalised. Unemployment in Dundee was at a high level, and this worsened when the Timex factory, located next to Ardler and an employer of many Ardler residents, closed in 1993.
Allied to this was the declining standards of the housing itself. Since the scheme was built, some effort had been made to improve some of the housing, such as replacing some flat roofs with pitched roofs more able to resist the weather. However, the housing suffered from problems such as poor insulation and damp. The cheap, quick solution to the housing problems of the 1950s and 1960s proved also to be short-term, and when it was realised that refurbishing the buildings was financially not viable, the decision was taken to regenerate the area more fundamentally.
Regeneration.
Ardler has undergone huge change since the mid-1990s, with the demolition of the first multi in 1995 and the old four-storey blocks of flats. The re-building of Ardler started in 1998 when a partnership of Sanctuary Scotland Housing Association, Wimpey Homes and HTA architects was selected by residents and Dundee City Council. Work started in January 2000 and is now 80% complete towards the target of creating 734 homes for rent, 69 refurbished homes and between 150 and 230 homes for private sale.
There is substantial open space in and around the village with new and innovative landscapes that include sustainable urban drainage systems, meadow and woodland areas. A priority for the regeneration of the Ardler Housing Estate included long-term strategies for social inclusion and community development. The Ardler Village Trust has been set up by local people and partners in the regeneration to help achieve this.
Ardler and the surrounding area.
Parklands and facilities.
Ardler is fortunate in some ways regarding leisure pursuits. It is close to Templeton Woods where people can go for a walk and experience nature first hand. Many of those who grew up in Ardler in earlier years of the scheme took advantage of the greater freedom children had and would make good use of the woods as an area for playing and exploring. Camperdown Park is also within walking distance and has a great deal of space with a large children's play area near the bottom of the park, a children's zoo, a golf course and pitch and putt to name but some activities. There is also a cinema within walking distance.
Excursions into the surrounding area have not entirely stopped. In 1986, then ten-year-old Ardler resident Ross Prendergast made the news headlines when he ventured into the Camperdown Park zoo after hours. He got too close to "Jeremy", the park's brown bear, who bit off the youngster's arm at the elbow.
The golf connection.
Having been built on the site of the golf course, and with the Downfield Club still immediately west of the scheme, Ardler retained a strong connection with golf. Each of the three courts in all six multi-storey blocks were named after golf courses – some more famous and some more local than others. The streets were also named after golf courses (Turnberry (in Ayrshire), Dalmahoy (Lothian), Birkdale (Lancashire) and Rosemount (Perthshire)), with some of the multi's names used in the new streets built since the regeneration began (Gleneagles, Gullane, Hazlehead and Troon). Even the local pub in the north of the scheme was named the Fairways.
"Courts in Ardler multis:" Barassie (Ayrshire), Baberton (Lothian), Carnoustie (Angus), Cawdor (Lanarkshire), Downfield, Edzell (Angus), Ganton (Yorkshire), Gullane (Lothian), Gleneagles (Perthshire), Hazlehead (Aberdeenshire), Hoylake (Liverpool), Lindrick (Yorkshire), Murcar (Aberdeenshire), Pannal (Yorkshire), Prestwick (Ayrshire), Scotscraig (Fife), Troon (Ayrshire), Wentworth (Surrey).
The children in Ardler also did their part to keep the golf connection. In the 1970s a 9-hole 'golf course' was created by some of them, with holes marked by significant landmarks. The holes were named, and even had particular 'par' scores.
Transport links.
One of the lessons learned when Ardler was first built was the need for good public transport. St Mary's had not had this when first built, and residents had to walk through the area where Ardler would be built (perhaps even over the golf course) in all weather to get to buses to go to work. Ardler is now served by a few bus routes, including one that goes down Turnberry Avenue in the centre of the scheme. Some residents, however, feel that they could be better served by public transport and that in some ways Ardler and St Mary's, as the north-west extremities of Dundee, are still the forgotten areas of the city.
Life in Ardler.
Leisure.
As well as their self-created golf course, children in Ardler had access to other leisure facilities. Each of the six multis had its own play park for the children that incorporated swings, a chute and a sandpit, and there were other play parks among the walk-ups in the southern part of the scheme. There was also enough open space for the provision for football. This area was well used by school and junior league football teams particularly at the weekends, and during a match it could be difficult to move due to all the cars parked in the area. Currently there is a bowling club in Ardler, football pitches and multi-sport area.
Education.
Two new primary schools were built in 1967 Ardler and St Fergus, a Catholic school. Originally there was confusion over the site, as St Fergus was built behind Chalmers Ardler Parish Church, a Church of Scotland. It was decided that they should be swapped round so that Ardler PS was closer to the church.
The local high school serving the area, although based in Kirkton, is St Pauls which is a newly built school where Lawside and St Saviors merged. The other Catholic high school in Dundee, St John's, is not far south of Ardler. Other students attend Baldragon Academy in Kirkton, which was a merger of Rockwell HS (where Ardler residents would formerly have gone) and Kirkton HS.
Local business and facilities.
Turnberry Avenue runs through the centre of Ardler from Dalmahoy Drive in the west towards Macalpine Road in the east. This is the area which was earmarked for the shopping precinct and the Community Centre – built right in the centre of the scheme, with the clinic, schools and church – in what could be seen as an attempt to help create a community spirit.
The original Community Centre was located a few yards to the east of Blackshade Primary School. This was previously the Iona Street shops, which were knocked through to form the centre. There were many activities available to patrons but on Saturday afternoons it was specifically for the children with educational film shows, cartoons and games with prizes. The current Community Centre contains a library, a cafe, a gym and many other facilities which are extensively used by local residents, and also by people from much further afield.
In 1973 the shops were built in the centre of Ardler, bisecting Turnberry Avenue and closing it as a through-road, and included Templeton's Supermarket, a McColls newsagent, hardware store, hairdresser, Chemist, post office, council housing office, butcher, a Chinese restaurant and a fish and chip ship. There was also a Police Sub-Station and public toilets, which might suggest the expectation of numbers of non-resident shoppers in Ardler. Macalpine Shopping Centre on the road that forms the eastern boundary of Ardler was the other place nearby where residents could do their shopping and it had, and still has, an extensive range of shops. In the regenerated Ardler there are some new shops, including a small supermarket, on Turnberry Avenue - opposite the Community Centre, with the original aim of centrally located facilities to foster community spirit still very much in evidence.
There were public houses in the area also. The Fairways was situated between the westernmost two multi-storey blocks in the north and the Golden Pheasant was on Macalpine Road at the eastern edge of Ardler. There was also the Admiral, situated on Camperdown Road slightly further east, which is the one pub remaining.

</doc>
<doc id="7048924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048924" title="C. J. Ostl Site">
C. J. Ostl Site

The C. J. Ostl Site is an archaeological site in Ochopee, Florida. It is located off U.S. 41, near Fifty-Mile Bend. On December 15, 1978, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="7048925" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048925" title="Playing by Ear">
Playing by Ear

Playing By Ear was Preston Reed's second release on Flying Fish Records. It subsequently went out-of-print and was re-released as a compilation with "Pointing Up" and re-titled "Preston Reed".
Track listing.
All songs by Preston Reed, Published by Suite Hoodeet Music (ASCAP)

</doc>
<doc id="7048926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048926" title="Negative-bias temperature instability">
Negative-bias temperature instability

Negative-bias temperature instability (NBTI) is a key reliability issue in MOSFETs, a type of transistor aging. NBTI manifests as an increase in the threshold voltage and consequent decrease in drain current and transconductance of a MOSFET. The degradation is often approximated by a power-law dependence on time. It is of immediate concern in p-channel MOS devices (pMOS), since they almost always operate with negative gate-to-source voltage; however, the very same mechanism also affects nMOS transistors when biased in the accumulation region, i.e. with a negative bias applied to the gate.
More specifically, over time positive charges become trapped at the oxide-semiconductor boundary underneath the gate of a MOSFET. These positive charges partially cancel the negative gate voltage "without" contributing to conduction through the channel as electron holes in the semiconductor are supposed to. When the gate voltage is removed, the trapped charges dissipate over a time scale of milliseconds to hours. The problem has become more acute as transistors have shrunk, as there is less averaging of the effect over a large gate area. Thus, different transistors experience different amounts of NBTI, defeating standard circuit design techniques for tolerating manufacturing variability which depend on the close matching of adjacent transistors.
NBTI has become significant for portable electronics because it interacts badly with two common power-saving techniques: reduced operating voltages and clock gating. With lower operating voltages, the NBTI-induced threshold voltage change is a larger fraction of the logic voltage and disrupts operations. When a clock is gated off, transistors stop switching and NBTI effects accumulate much more rapidly. When the clock is re-enabled, the transistor thresholds have changed and the circuit may not operate. Some low-power designs switch to a low-frequency clock rather than stopping completely in order to mitigate NBTI effects.
Physics.
The details of the mechanisms of NBTI have been debated, but two effects are believed to contribute: trapping of positively charged holes, and generation of interface states.
The existence of two coexisting mechanisms has resulted in scientific controversy over the relative importance of each component, and over the mechanism of generation and recovery of interface states.
In sub-micrometer devices nitrogen is incorporated into the silicon gate oxide to reduce the gate leakage current density and prevent boron penetration. It is known that incorporating nitrogen enhances NBTI. For new technologies (45 nm and shorter nominal channel lengths), high-κ metal gate stacks are used as an alternative to improve the gate current density for a given equivalent oxide thickness (EOT). Even with the introduction of new materials like hafnium oxide in the gate stack, NBTI remains and is often exacerbated by additional charge trapping in the high-κ layer.
With the introduction of high κ metal gates, a new degradation mechanism has become more important, referred to as PBTI (for positive bias temperature instabilities), which affects nMOS transistor when positively biased. In this case, no interface states are generated and 100% of the Vth degradation may be recovered.
Modeling Approaches.
NBTI modeling approaches can be broadly classified as empirical or physics-based.
The empirical power-law model is widely used due to its simplicity and simulation efficiency. It approximates the threshold voltage shift as:
where formula_2 is a prefactor influenced by electric field, oxide thickness, temperature, and process variation, and formula_3 is the time exponent.
While useful for estimating long-term aging trends, this model lacks physical insight into trap generation and does not account for recovery.
The R-D model is more computationally intensive but provides improved accuracy and predictive capabilities, especially in advanced nodes and for time-dependent recovery. The more physically accurate reaction–diffusion (R–D) model describes two interlinked processes as per 
Reaction Phase.
Under negative bias and elevated temperature, a chemical reaction at the Si/SiO₂ interface breaks Si–H bonds, generating interface traps and releasing hydrogen:
The forward rate constant formula_5 governs the rate of trap generation.
Diffusion Phase.
The freed hydrogen diffuses away into the oxide bulk, reducing the local hydrogen concentration and triggering further Si–H dissociation. Upon stress removal, some hydrogen returns to re-passivate the traps:
This reversible diffusion explains the partial recovery observed in NBTI. The reverse process is controlled by a trap annealing rate constant formula_7.
The time evolution of interface trap density formula_8 is modeled by the following rate equation:
Where:
Modern TCAD(Technology Computer-Aided Design) frameworks, implement extended versions of these models, enabling accurate simulation of degradation caused by NBTI.
Circuit-Level Effects.
NBTI increases the threshold voltage of pMOS transistors over time, reducing their drive strength. In digital logic circuits, this leads to increased propagation delays and timing degradation. These changes can accumulate across logic paths, impacting setup and hold margins. BTI affects sequential and combinational circuits quite differently and the degradation varies to 5X in between operating conditions. 
Stress and Recovery.
NBTI degradation consists of a stress phase and a recovery phase. During stress, Si–H bonds at the interface break under negative gate bias and elevated temperature, generating interface traps. When stress is removed, some of the hydrogen species diffuse back and re-passivate the broken bonds, leading to partial recovery.
The recovery is typically incomplete and strongly dependent on device type, temperature, and stress duration. PMOS transistors tend to show slower and less reversible recovery than NMOS due to differences in hydrogen diffusivity and interface chemistry.
NBTI in Advanced Nodes.
As technology scales below 14 nm, NBTI remains a critical reliability concern. FinFETs show increased NBTI degradation due to higher vertical electric fields and localized self-heating, which accelerates trap generation. Studies show degradation up to 25% in 7 nm FinFETs due to NBTI and Hot Carrier Injection (HCI) effects.
Gate-All-Around FETs (GAAFETs) offer improved recovery characteristics compared to FinFETs due to more symmetric hydrogen diffusion and re-passivation. Devices with (100) oriented channels in particular show ~20% lower NBTI degradation under identical stress conditions.
Security Implications.
NBTI has been exploited in hardware security attacks, particularly in cloud-deployed FPGAs. The "pentimento" effect refers to data remanence caused by BTI-induced changes in delay characteristics of LUTs, which can allow adversaries to reconstruct previously programmed values.
Additionally, NBTI can be used to trigger hardware Trojans or fault injection attacks by inducing accelerated degradation on specific logic paths. Attackers can exploit stress patterns or aging-aware layouts to control circuit behavior over time. 

</doc>
<doc id="7048930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048930" title="Downtown West, Minneapolis">
Downtown West, Minneapolis

 
Downtown West is an official neighborhood in Minneapolis, part of the larger Central community. It is the heart of downtown Minneapolis (and Minneapolis as a whole), containing the bulk of high-rise office buildings in the city, and is what comes to mind when most Minneapolitans think of "downtown". The neighborhood is split between Wards 3 and 7 of the Minneapolis City Council, represented by Michael Rainville and Katie Cashman, respectively.
The boundaries are as follows (going in a clockwise direction): 12th Street to the southwest, 3rd Avenue North, Washington Avenue North, and Hennepin Avenue to the northwest, the Mississippi River to the northeast, and Portland Avenue, 5th Street South, and 5th Avenue South to the southeast. It is bordered by the North Loop, Nicollet Island/East Bank, Downtown East, Elliot Park, and Loring Park neighborhoods.
Downtown West is home to most of Minneapolis's most notable buildings like the Foshay Tower and IDS Center.

</doc>
<doc id="7048933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048933" title="KazMunayGas">
KazMunayGas

KazMunayGas (KMG) () is the state-owned oil and gas company of Kazakhstan. It was founded in 2002 by merging CJSC "Kazakhoil" and CJSC "Oil&amp;Gas Transportation".
History.
It was formed by the decree of the President of Kazakhstan dated February 20, 2002, through the merger of "Kazakhoil" CJSC and "Oil&amp;Gas Transportation" CJSC. The Kazakhoil company was founded in 1997, and Nurlan Balgimbayev became its first president. From May 1997 to March 1999, Timur Kulibayev held the position of Vice President for Economics and Finance at Kazakhoil. In the summer of 2000, Kairat Satybaldy, a nephew of Nursultan Nazarbayev, who in 2002 took the position of Managing Director for Social Affairs, Strategic Planning and Telecommunications at KazMunayGas, became the Vice President of Kazakhoil. 
In January 2023, a strategic partnership agreement was signed between JSC NC KazMunayGas and Abu Dhabi Ports Company. The parties expressed interest in cooperation in the development of the marine fleet and coastal infrastructure in the Caspian and Black Seas.
Subsidiaries.
Main subsidiaries of KazMunayGas are:
KazMunaiGas Exploration Production (AO) has its equity listed in form of common shares and global depositary receipts on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange and the London Stock Exchange, respectively.
The company has stakes in LLP Kazgermunai JV, JSC Karazhanbasmunai and PetroKazakhstan Inc. Its two noted producing fields are Uzenmunaigas and Embamunaigas.
Oil refineries.
KazMunayGas operates 2 oil refineries in Kazakhstan:
KazMunayGas has a US$1.7 billion plan for the modernization of the Atyrau refinery. In August 2012, it obtained a US$297.5 million loan from the Japan Bank for International Cooperation and the Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi a deep oil refining complex at the Atyrau Oil Refinery. This loan followed a contract awarded to Marubeni to reinforce the production of oil products to suit European environmental standards.
Shareholders and Management.
90% of the shares of the company are managed by the National Welfare Fund "Samruk-Kazyna". 10% of KMG shares belong to the National Bank of the Republic of Kazakhstan.
Chairman of the Board of Directors – Chris Walton, Independent Director. CEO and Chairman of the Management Board is Ashat Hasenov.
2011 strikes.
In May 2011 KazMunayGas was hit by a strike of workers demanding higher wages and better conditions.
In August 2011, the company was four months into a wildcat strike at Uzenmunaigas. On 2 August, Zhaksylyk Turbaev, a trade union member working for an oilfield service company in Zhanaozen, was killed. On 24 August 2011, the 18-year-old daughter of an elected member of the strike committee was found dead and apparently murdered, according to the striker. Zhansaule Karabalayeva was found in the countryside near the oilfield in Western Kazakhstan with multiple injuries, according to her father, Kurdaibergen Karabalayev, in a telephone interview on 27 August. Bulat Abilov, an opposition politician, said "I don't think this is unconnected to the strike." "The local chief of police, quoted in a local paper, said the killing was not related to the strike. The company spokesman declined comment," according to one report.
On 31 August, Interior Ministry spokesman Nurdilda Oraz said in the Kazakh capital, Nur-Sultan, that the police "did not associate" the "common crime" of Karabalayeva's murder with her father's activities. In the same report, the KMG EP press office said the father was not the trade union chairman and had never been a strike activist but worked as an engine driver for the company until 27 July this year.
Also in August, a labor lawyer, Natalya Sokolova, was sentenced to six years in jail for 'organizing illegal gatherings' at the smaller Karazhanbas field, which was also on strike.
Earlier, in July, the singer Sting had cancelled a concert after he was briefed on the strike by Amnesty International.
These labour strikes were causing a 6% output drop in KazMunayGas production, according to a company spokesman.
On 26 August, KMG EP fired around 900 striking workers and replaced them with new recruits from the area. The company said that production at Uzen had stabilized. Karazhanbasmunai, a joint venture between KMG EP and China's Citic, also fired around 500 workers.
Until mid-September 2011, daily protests by angry protestors, many of whom used to work at Uzen, continued in Zhanaozen's main square "in a rare display of popular dissent".
The unrest has persisted, with violence erupting on independence day, 16 December 2011, killing 16 and leaving about 100 injured as police opened fire on the demonstrations. Army units and armoured personnel carriers were sent in by the Interior Ministry to quell the ensuing protests, which saw government and Uzenmunaigaz buildings set alight by demonstrators.
The labor conflict resulted in the resignation of KazMunaiGas EP Chief Executive Officer Askar Balzhanov on 22 Dec. President Nursultan Nazarbayev also replaced the head of parent company KazMunaiGaz National Co., Bolat Akchulakov, and fired his own son-in-law Timur Kulibayev, who headed the country's sovereign wealth fund.

</doc>
<doc id="7048937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048937" title="GY6 engine">
GY6 engine

The GY6 engine design is a four-stroke single-cylinder in a near-horizontal orientation that is used on a number of small motorcycles or scooters made in Taiwan, China, and other southeast Asian countries. It has since become a generic technology. Kymco went on to produce Honda clones such as the Pulsar (CB125), made to Honda standards, as part of their range.
Honda's KCW125 (the commercial name in Japan is "Spacy") was modified by Taiwan's Kwang Yang Motor Co., Ltd. (KYMCO), under Honda's consultancy, and became a standard model called the GY6, which various Taiwan makers imitated and minor-changed. Apparently, vehicles of this model were imported from Taiwan by various manufacturers and traders, and spread mainly in the southern coastal regions of China.
Configuration.
The GY6 single is forced-air-cooled, with a chain-driven overhead camshaft and a crossflow hemi cylinder head. Fuel metering is by a single constant-velocity style sidedraft carburetor, typically a Keihin CVK clone or similar.
Ignition is by capacitor discharge ignition (CDI), with a magnetic trigger on the flywheel. Because the trigger is on the flywheel instead of the camshaft, the ignition will fire on both the compression and exhaust strokes, making it a wasted spark ignition. An integrated magneto provides 50 V AC power for the CDI system and 20-30 V AC rectified and regulated to 12 V DC for chassis accessories such as lighting and to charge a battery.
It includes an integrated swingarm, which houses a centrifugally-controlled continuously variable transmission (CVT) using a rubber belt sometimes called a VDP. At the rear of the swingarm, a centrifugal clutch connects the transmission to a simple integral gear-reduction unit. There is no clutch of any kind between the CVT and the crankshaft; it is engaged via a centrifugal clutch at the rear pulley in the same fashion as Vespa Grande, Bravo, and variated Ciao model, as well as Honda Camino/Hobbit scooters/mopeds. The engine produced around 20hp and 32nm of torque. An electric starter, backup kick-starter, and rear brake hardware is also housed in the swingarm.

</doc>
<doc id="7048943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048943" title="KazMunayGaz">
KazMunayGaz



</doc>
<doc id="7048944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048944" title="Khalifat-ul Masih">
Khalifat-ul Masih



</doc>
<doc id="7048951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048951" title="Ghouls in gaming">
Ghouls in gaming



</doc>
<doc id="7048954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048954" title="Ultraorthodox judaism">
Ultraorthodox judaism



</doc>
<doc id="7048957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048957" title="Ultraorthodox">
Ultraorthodox



</doc>
<doc id="7048958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048958" title="Cement Mason">
Cement Mason



</doc>
<doc id="7048959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048959" title="Ultra-orthodox">
Ultra-orthodox



</doc>
<doc id="7048961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048961" title="John Chilton Burch">
John Chilton Burch

John Chilton Burch (February 1, 1826 – August 31, 1885) was an American lawyer from California. He became a Democratic politician who served one term as a United States Congressman from 1859 to 1861.
Biography.
Burch was born in Boone County, Missouri. He attended the Bonne Femme Academy and Kemper College, and then studied law in Jefferson City, Missouri. Burch was admitted to the bar, practiced law, then became deputy clerk of Cole County, Missouri, and Assistant Adjutant General of Missouri.
Political career.
Burch moved to California in 1850 during the California Gold Rush and worked in the mines until 1851. He was elected clerk of the newly organized Trinity County, and was appointed district attorney in 1853.
Burch was elected to the California State Assembly in 1856 and then served in the California State Senate until 1859.
He was elected as a Democrat to the 36th Congress (1859–61).
Later career.
After serving one term, he resumed the practice of law in San Francisco. He was appointed a code commissioner and served four years, but declined to be a candidate for Judge of the Supreme Court of California.
Death.
Burch died 1885 in San Francisco and is interred in the Sacramento Historic City Cemetery in Sacramento, California.

</doc>
<doc id="7048964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048964" title="The DFA Remixes - Chapter Two">
The DFA Remixes - Chapter Two



</doc>
<doc id="7048967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048967" title="Cumberland Basin (Canada)">
Cumberland Basin (Canada)

Cumberland Basin is an inlet and northeasternmost part of the Bay of Fundy, located on the border between the Canadian provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick. It is the eastern branch of Chignecto Bay, which in turn is the western arm of the upper Bay of Fundy.
In geology, the Cumberland Basin is a sedimentary basin which underlies most of Cumberland County, Nova Scotia, west of Chignecto Bay and north of the Cobequid Mountains. It is a one of eleven sub-basins of the Maritimes Basin. The geological Cumberland Basin is west of, and extends beneath, the maritime Cumberland Basin.
Along the Nova Scotia shore of the lower Cumberland Basin at Joggins are seaside cliffs known for fossil formations. Several coal seams are also exposed. These were mined commercially for Bituminous coal for nearly 140 years (1819–1958). The upper Cumberland loops clockwise, north of a flatland called Elysian Fields and southeast to Amherst Point and the mouth of the Maccan River.
Across the basin from the mouth of the Maccan River, the mud and sand flats and salt marshes exposed at low tide attract millions of shorebirds during fall migration. A small portion of the Upper Cumberland Basin has been protected as Chignecto National Wildlife Area. The upper basin has been listed as a Ramsar site and also designated a Hemispheric Shorebird Reserve, the highest classification of the Western Hemisphere Shorebird Reserve Network.
The fishery in Cumberland Basin is mainly limited to shad and lobster.

</doc>
<doc id="7048971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048971" title="Plaza Site">
Plaza Site

The Plaza Site is an archaeological site near Ochopee, Florida. It is located in the Big Cypress National Preserve. On May 28, 1986, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="7048972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048972" title="KazMunaiGaz">
KazMunaiGaz



</doc>
<doc id="7048976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048976" title="Toyko, Japan">
Toyko, Japan



</doc>
<doc id="7048983" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048983" title="KasMunaiGaz">
KasMunaiGaz



</doc>
<doc id="7048996" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048996" title="Earl Abel's">
Earl Abel's

Earl Abel's is a popular restaurant in San Antonio, Texas that opened in 1933 and existed at one location at Broadway and Hildebrand from 1940 until 2006. It has been popular for its diverse menu ranging from Fried Chicken and Rainbow Trout to its selection of desserts including German chocolate cake and lemon meringue pie; its clientele included the well-to-do from nearby Alamo Heights, businessmen and politicians including Congressman Henry B. Gonzalez who got in a fist fight at the restaurant in 1986 with a fellow customer who called him a communist, as well as many U.S. Army personnel stationed at nearby Fort Sam Houston.
History.
After founding a chain of restaurants in San Antonio in 1933, Earl Abel decided to close most of his restaurants due to labor shortages during World War II, leaving the remaining location at the corner of Broadway and Hildebrand Avenue as a landmark on a portion of the city's inner northside, now the city's Midtown District. One of the things that distinguished the restaurant was the series of signs above the lunch counter that read "Eating here keeps Earl Able," "It was a brave man who ate the first oyster," "Seeville dardaygo tousandbuses inarow. Nojodemtrux, summitcows ansummitdux," and "Eat here and diet home."
The end came for the restaurant's long-time Broadway location in 2005 when Earl's son, Jerry, decided to sell the property to Koontz McCombs, a San Antonio development firm, so it could build high-rise condominiums. 
Jerry Abel was quoted in the "San Antonio Express-News" regarding the restaurant property's sale saying that everything just came together perfectly; the building was old and he did not wish to continue running the restaurant in his old age, so he sold out. The original restaurant closed its doors for good in March 2006.
In late 2006, Earl Abel's re-opened under new ownership at a new San Antonio location on Austin Highway at Seidel Road. The restaurant still has the same menu, although much of the staff is different.
Due to development of the Austin Highway area starting in 2011, a search began for a new location. Due in part to the fortuitous closing of another restaurant, the decision was made in the summer of 2017 to go back "home" to Broadway. In December 2017, Earl Abel's opened at its new location near the Pearl Brewery.

</doc>
<doc id="7048998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7048998" title="State Highway 11A (Oklahoma)">
State Highway 11A (Oklahoma)



</doc>
<doc id="7049000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049000" title="John J. Toffey">
John J. Toffey

John James Toffey (June 1, 1844 – March 13, 1911) was a United States Union Army officer during the American Civil War who received the Medal of Honor.
Civil War.
Serving first as a Private in Company C, 21st New Jersey Volunteer Infantry (a nine-month service regiment) from August 28, 1862 to June 19, 1863, he was commissioned as a First Lieutenant in Company F, 33rd New Jersey Volunteer Infantry on August 23, 1863, and was mustered into the unit on August 29, 1863. He participated in the November 23, 1863 Battle of Missionary Ridge, at Chattanooga, Tennessee, and it was there that he performed the act of bravery that garnered him the Medal of Honor.
His wounds forced his discharge from the 33rd New Jersey on June 2, 1864, and he was appointed into the Veteran Reserve Corps. He served in the VRC as a lieutenant until June 1866. While still in service, he was an eyewitness to Lincoln's assassination at Ford's Theater, participated in the search for the conspirators, testified at their trial, and witnessed their subsequent execution.
After the war, he became a Companion of the New York Commandery of the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States.
He received his medal on September 10, 1897.
Post-War career.
After the war he went on to have a life of extensive public service in Hudson County, New Jersey. He served two terms as Hudson County sheriff, served as state treasurer of New Jersey from 1875 to 1891, as an alderman of Jersey City, New Jersey, and was elected as a member of the New Jersey State Legislature.
He died in Pawling, New York, the town of his birth, and was buried in the Pawling Cemetery, near the grave of Civil War Naval hero Rear Admiral John Lorimer Worden, his uncle by marriage of Worden to his father's sister Olive. His grave was marked with a Medal of Honor headstone in 2004, 93 years after his death.
Medal of Honor citation.
Rank and organization: First Lieutenant, Company G, 33d New Jersey Infantry. Place and date. At Chattanooga, Tenn., November 23, 1863. Entered service at: Hudson, N.J. Birth: Duchess, N.Y. Date of issue: September 10, 1897.
Citation:
Although excused from duty on account of sickness, went to the front in command of a storming party and with conspicuous gallantry participated in the assault of Missionary Ridge; was here wounded and permanently disabled.

</doc>
<doc id="7049001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049001" title="Chinese Migration">
Chinese Migration



</doc>
<doc id="7049002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049002" title="Sugar Pot Site">
Sugar Pot Site

The Sugar Pot Site is an archaeological site near Ochopee, Florida. It is located in the Big Cypress National Preserve. On December 15, 1978, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="7049010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049010" title="De Matroesjka's">
De Matroesjka's



</doc>
<doc id="7049012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049012" title="Bear Town, Michigan">
Bear Town, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7049015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049015" title="The Road Less Travelled (Preston Reed album)">
The Road Less Travelled (Preston Reed album)



</doc>
<doc id="7049026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049026" title="Ahmadi Muslims">
Ahmadi Muslims



</doc>
<doc id="7049028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049028" title="Turner River Site">
Turner River Site

The Turner River Site (8CR8) is an archaeological site in the Ten Thousand Islands region of Everglades National Park, in Florida. It is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The Turner River Site is a large shell works site from the mouth of the Turner River, near Chokoloskee Island. The site covers and is long. It has at least 30 closely spaced mounds. The site was the first in the Ten Thousand Islands area to be excavated by professional archaeologists.
The Turner River Site came to the attention of archaeologists in 1900. Aleš Hrdlička visited the site in 1918. He declared it to be "important to science", and urged that it be made a "national reservation." William H. Sears conducted the first excavation by a professional archaeologist in 1955. He noted structural features similar to those found at Key Marco and Chokoloskee Island, and concluded that the region was an "important prehistoric population center." Sears found muck with midden materials between the mounds and on the lower slopes of the mounds, but the bulk of the mounds were clean shell deposits, almost entirely made up of small oyster shells, which had been placed on submerged mud flats. Based on dating of potsherds found at the site, Sears concluded that the residents of the site had lived on the edge of the river, moving the village towards the water as the mounds built up behind them. All of the potsherds collected at the site were assigned to the Glades I and II periods, placing occupation of the site in the period from about 200 or 100 BCE to 800 or 900 CE.
The Turner River Site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="7049033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049033" title="The State (TV Series)">
The State (TV Series)



</doc>
<doc id="7049044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049044" title="Heather Gladney">
Heather Gladney

Heather Gladney (born February 10, 1957) is an American author whose fantasy novels include "Teot's War" (1987) and its sequel "Bloodstorm" (1989).
Biography.
Heather Gladney was born on February 10, 1957, in Hawthorne, California. She attended University of California, San Diego (1975–1977) and received a B.S. in pomology in 1980 from University of California, Davis. She has worked in various jobs including landscaping and horticulture. She grew up in the Mojave Desert which influenced her settings and characters.
She was nominated for the John W. Campbell Memorial Award (1988), and finalist for the William Crawford Award (1988).
Works.
Charles Gramlich wrote:
Reception.
Fritz Leiber reviewed "Teot's War" in "Locus" magazine. "Teot's War" was reviewed in "Science Fiction &amp; Fantasy Book Review Annual" (1988) by Larry D. Woods who said it offered significant explorations of themes of heroism and deception. A reviewer of "Teot's War" in "Pandora" magazine commended Gladney for her well-rounded characters and setting. Susanna Sturgis reviewed "Teot's War" in the journal "Feminist Bookstore News".
"Blood Storm" was reviewed by Tom Whitmore in "Locus".
Author Charles Gramlich wrote of Gladney that she is "a bit of a forgotten writer" having not published a new book since the 1980s, though one with a fan base, he says "few writers had such an auspicious start to their careers" and she has influenced his own writing.

</doc>
<doc id="7049047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049047" title="Donald C. McRuer">
Donald C. McRuer

Donald Campbell McRuer (March 10, 1826 – January 29, 1898) was an American politician from the Republican Party who served as U.S. Representative from California's 1st district from 1865 to 1867.
McRuer was born March 10, 1826, in Bangor, Maine.
He moved to San Francisco, California in 1851 during the California Gold Rush and became a commission merchant.
He was a member of the San Francisco Board of Education in 1859 and 1860.
During the Civil War, McRuer was a member of the United States Sanitary Commission.
He was elected as a Republican to the 39th United States Congress (1865–1867), but did not run for reelection.
McRuer traveled in Europe for two years, then
returned to San Francisco.
After his return he served as harbor commissioner for four years and
served on the board of directors of the Security Savings Bank of San Francisco.
McRuer died January 29, 1898, in Saint Helena, California and is buried in Saint Helena Public Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="7049054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049054" title="Charleston, Dundee">
Charleston, Dundee

Charleston is an area on the northwest edge of Dundee, Scotland. Menzieshill is to the immediate southwest, Camperdown borders it to the north, and Lochee is to the east.
The area is home to two primary schools - Camperdown Primary (multi-religious) and St Clement's Primary (Catholic) - as well as a library and a variety of small shops. Charleston is a very quiet and small suburb. Thoroughfares include South Road, Dunholm Road, Buttars Loan and Brown Hill Road. There is one play park locally, named Sandy Park.
George Galloway (born 1954) the Member of Parliament (MP) for Rochdale since the 2024 by-election grew up in Charleston.
Balgarthno Stone Circle.
The Balgarthno Stone Circle is a late Neolithic/Bronze Age stone circle in Charleston. It is known locally as the Myrekirk.

</doc>
<doc id="7049060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049060" title="Ecaz">
Ecaz



</doc>
<doc id="7049061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049061" title="Bardeen-Cooper-Schrieffer">
Bardeen-Cooper-Schrieffer



</doc>
<doc id="7049063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049063" title="Grand Prix du Disque for French Song">
Grand Prix du Disque for French Song

The Grand Prix du Disque for French Song is one of a number of prizes awarded by L'Académie Charles Cros as part of the yearly Grand Prix du Disque. The following is a partial list of winners (sometimes more than one per year):

</doc>
<doc id="7049066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049066" title="Kentucky Route 2333">
Kentucky Route 2333



</doc>
<doc id="7049068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049068" title="Vitelotte">
Vitelotte

'Vitelotte', also called Vitelotte noire, Négresse or Truffe de Chine, is a gourmet French variety of blue-violet potato. It has been cultivated in France at least since the early nineteenth century.
Description.
'Vitelotte' potatoes have a dark blue, almost black, skin and dark violet-blue flesh; they have a characteristic nutty flavour and smell of chestnuts. The colour is retained in cooking, and is due to natural pigments in the anthocyanin group of flavonoids. The plants mature late and, compared to modern varieties, are relatively low-yielding. The tubers are elongated with sunken eyes; they are thick-skinned, and thus keep well.
Etymology.
The French word derives from the archaic , meaning "penis" (modern French ), by analogy with the shape of the tuber. The first occurrence of the word is from 1812.
History.
In early descriptions, vitelotte were not necessarily violet-coloured. In a source from 1817, six varieties of potato are listed as available at the market of Les Halles; among them are both "vitelotte" and "violette" ("violet"). A treatise on agriculture published in 1863 lists five possible colours for the vitelotte: white, yellow, pink, red and violet. In 1873 Alexandre Dumas wrote in his "Grand dictionnaire de cuisine":

</doc>
<doc id="7049084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049084" title="Big Heart West">
Big Heart West

The Big Heart West is an archaeological site near Gulf Breeze, Florida. On September 28, 1998, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="7049092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049092" title="Drumkee">
Drumkee

Drumkee is a townland in the southeast of County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It is directly south of the area currently known as Coalisland and east, and slightly north, of Dungannon. It is situated in the historic barony of Dungannon Middle and the civil parish of Killyman and covers an area of 285 acres. The barony's tax records dated 1666 list two families living in Drumkee.
The name derives from the Irish: "Druim Chaoich" (Ridge of the Blind Man) or "Druim Ceath" (ridge of western aspect).
Population.
The population of the townland declined during the 19th century:
Drumkee presently has a population of around 150, and many of its inhabitants are relations. Surnames which appear on the 1666 list include McRory and Condson. By the mid-19th century, the name Hunter appears in Drumkee burial records. The surname Mullan appears in a 1910 directory of the area.

</doc>
<doc id="7049104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049104" title="Third Gulf Breeze">
Third Gulf Breeze

The Third Gulf Breeze, (8SR8), is a Santa Rosa-Swift Creek culture archaeological site near Gulf Breeze, Florida, United States. On September 28, 1998, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="7049105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049105" title="Bradford Factor">
Bradford Factor

The Bradford Factor or Bradford Formula is used in human resource management as a means of measuring worker absenteeism. The theory is that short, frequent, and unplanned absences are more disruptive than longer absences. According to the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development the term was first coined due to its supposed connection with research undertaken by the Bradford University School of Management in the 1980s. According to the "Financial Times", "HR folklore" has attributed its origins to a pharmaceuticals firm whose managers attended a seminar at Bradford Management School. Bradford University has not confirmed that the Bradford Factor originated there.
Calculation.
The Bradford Factor is calculated as follows:
where:
The 'set period' is typically set as a rolling 52-week period.
For example, this is how 10 days absence could be shown: 
For comparison, a single instance of absence with a duration of one working year is approximately 240 points (1 × 1 × 240).
In May 2001, HM Prison Service began using the Bradford Formula to identify staff with high absenteeism due to illness. The Bradford Formula is used to calculate an "attendance score".
Limitations.
The factor was originally designed for use as part of the overall investigation and management of absenteeism. In contrast, if used as part of a very limited approach to address absence or by setting unrealistically low trigger scores it was considered short-sighted, unlikely to be successful and could lead to staff disaffection and grievances. The formula does not consider certain disabilities which may result in short term absences, such as epilepsy and asthma, or serious but recoverable illnesses such as cancer. Similarly, it does not account for autoimmune diseases in which the occurrence of bouts of illness can be unpredictable. The use of the Bradford Factor often provokes heated debate. The British trade union Unison argues that the Bradford Factor tends to encourage presenteeism, with workers fearing disciplinary action coming to work with transmissible illnesses and risking spreading disease to others.

</doc>
<doc id="7049107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049107" title="John M. Coghlan">
John M. Coghlan

John Maxwell Coghlan (December 8, 1835 – March 26, 1879) was a California Republican politician who represented California's 3rd congressional district in the 42nd United States Congress from 1871 to 1873.
Biography.
Coghlan was born in Louisville, Kentucky and moved with his parents to Illinois in 1847, and again in 1850 to California during the California Gold Rush, where they settled in Suisun City.
Coghlan studied law and was admitted to the bar and practiced in Suisun City.
Political career.
He was a member of the California State Assembly from 1865 to 1867, representing Napa and Lake counties.
Congress.
He was elected as a Republican to the 42nd Congress (1871–1873), but lost his bid for reelection in 1872 to Democrat John K. Luttrell.
Later career and death.
He was the United States Attorney for the Northern District of California from 1876 to 1878, and was appointed Chief Justice of the Territorial Utah Supreme Court, and confirmed by the United States Senate, but declined to serve. He practiced law in Oakland, California until his death in 1879. He is buried in Mountain View Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="7049108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049108" title="Zales">
Zales



</doc>
<doc id="7049110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049110" title="Lactarius controversus">
Lactarius controversus

Lactarius controversus, commonly known as the poplar milkcap, is a large funnel-capped fungus within the genus "Lactarius", which are collectively known as 'milk caps'. They all exude milky drops (lactate) from the flesh and gills when damaged.
The species is classified as inedible but has sometimes been collected in Eurasia.
Taxonomy.
Accredited to Christian Hendrik Persoon, one of the fathers of mycology.
Description.
It is distinguishable mainly by rosy markings on the upper cap surface, often arranged in concentric rings, and its pinkish-buff gills. Like other fungi in the genus, it has crumbly, rather than fibrous, flesh, and when this is broken the fungus exudes a white milky latex. Mature specimens are funnel-shaped, with decurrent gills and a concave cap from in diameter. The stipe is up to 7 cm long. The flesh is firm and the spore print is creamy to pinkish.
Similar species.
The species is similar to several white milk-caps in the genus "Lactifluus" which however are only distantly related: The 'fleecy milk-cap' "Lactifluus vellereus", its sister species "L. bertillonii", and the 'peppery milk-cap' "L. piperatus" all lack the pinkish gills and 'rosy' cap markings.
Distribution and habitat.
It is found in Europe, including Britain, and usually grows with species of "Salix" (goat willow or creeping willow) on heaths and moors. It is uncommon. It is widespread in North America growing with aspen, poplar, and willow. Found in the aspen forests of the Sierra Nevada, and has been noted in New Mexico.
Edibility.
The mushroom is considered inedible due to its very acrid taste (producing a burning sensation) , but is eaten and even commercially collected in southeastern European countries such as Serbia and Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="7049113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049113" title="Instrument Landing (album)">
Instrument Landing (album)

Instrument Landing is an album by the American guitarist Preston Reed, released in 1989 on MCA Records. It was his first album for a major label. Reed considered it his first album to employ his melodic and harmonic two-handed flatpicking technique.
Critical reception.
"The Washington Post" wrote: "Each note is clearly articulated, the arpeggios ring out like bells and the new assortment of rhythmic accents are frequently offset by some haunting melodies." "The Buffalo News" concluded that "by the time you realize that Reed's solo acoustic guitar playing is far too harmonically sophisticated for folk music, too contemplative for country music, too folksy for jazz and far too witty and substantial for New Age music, you might miss out on both the loveliness of what he does and the utterly phenomenal technique."
Track listing.
All songs written by Preston Reed.

</doc>
<doc id="7049114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049114" title="III Delta Kaising">
III Delta Kaising



</doc>
<doc id="7049124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049124" title="Grand Prix du Disque for Ancient Music">
Grand Prix du Disque for Ancient Music



</doc>
<doc id="7049125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049125" title="Caroline Dowdeswell">
Caroline Dowdeswell

Caroline Dowdeswell (born 7 March 1945) is a former English television actress.
Career.
She attended theatre school from age 12 and joined the Bromley Rep at 17. Dowdeswell first appeared on television in 1961, and her first role was in "The Villains" in 1964. Her television career includes appearances in "Crossroads"; "Softly, Softly"; "Z-Cars"; "Ours Is A Nice House"; the first series of "Dad's Army" in the recurring role of Janet King; "On the Buses"; "Casanova" and "Man About The House". She also played Sandra in the films "On the Buses" and "Mutiny on the Buses". She retired from acting in 1978 and now works in the publishing industry.

</doc>
<doc id="7049127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049127" title="Arcadia Sawmill and Arcadia Cotton Mill">
Arcadia Sawmill and Arcadia Cotton Mill

The Arcadia Sawmill and Arcadia Cotton Mill (also known as the Arcadia Mill Site or Escambia Manufacturing Company) is a historic site a mile southwest of Milton, Florida, United States. On August 3, 1987, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The remains of the 19th century industrial water-powered mill complex are now part of the Arcadia Mill Archaeological Site, which is managed by the West Florida Historic Preservation. There is a visitor center and museum with exhibits about the site, and an elevated boardwalk through the archaeological remains of the complex and adjacent swamp.
The West Florida Historic Preservation, part of the University of West Florida, also manages Historic Pensacola Village, the Pensacola Museum of History, and the Pensacola Historical Society.
History.
The land encompassing Arcadia Mill was originally owned by Juan de la Rua, the Spanish mayor of Pensacola. Joseph Forsyth, founder of the Bagdad Community, purchased de la Rua's land in 1828, building a sawmill and expanding upon the small dam that de la Rua had built. Forsyth partnered with brothers Andrew and Ezekiel Simpson to establish the mill. Manufacturing tycoon Timothy Twitchell established a large complex near Arcadia, including production of shingles, silk, and buckets.
The lumber was transferred via mule railroad or log flume to the nearby Blackwater River. The mule railroad was operated by the Arcadia Railroad Company. The company was founded by Forsyth, the Simpsons, and Twitchell in 1838.
Forsyth and the Simpsons moved their lumber mills to Bagdad in 1840 due to transportation issues. The mills at Arcadia were replaced with a cotton mill (operated by the Forsyth and Simpson Firm) ran by slave labor. The Arcadia Mill was the largest cotton mill in the newly-incorporated state of Florida by the early 1850s. Arcadia functioned as a small community, including shops, a quarry, living quarters, tannery, blacksmith, and a well. Furthermore, along with the cotton mill, Arcadia included a gristmill.
Arcadia Mill's downfall began in the mid-1850s. Joseph Forsyth died on March 10, 1855. The cotton mill was abandoned in later that year after it was largely destroyed in a fire. Twitchell relocated his mills to Bagdad. The civil war destroyed a large portion of what remained of the abandoned industrial complex, as the Confederate army blew it up to prevent the Union from revitalizing it. Arcadia remained abandoned for 109 years until it was rediscovered by Warren Weekes in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="7049128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049128" title="Tiamet (planet)">
Tiamet (planet)



</doc>
<doc id="7049129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049129" title="Enrolled Nurse Professional Association">
Enrolled Nurse Professional Association

The Enrolled Nurse Professional Association (ENPA) was formed in August 1994 at Ashfield NSW by the enthusiasm of 4 enrolled nurses.
The Association was founded after the Inaugural State Conference for Enrolled Nurses (Ultimo 1993) identified a need for an association to be formed to pursue the professional, career and educational interests of this group of nurses.
From this first basis, a strong association evolved to meet the needs of members and colleagues in NSW and across Australia.
The association as it stands today is separate from a union of nurses in that it maintains a unique group membership for dissemination and networking of relevant topics and seeks to attain further professional acknowledgement of skills, aptitude and education through consultative mechanisms.
In addition the organisation does maintain close communication with the NSW Nurses Association, and the New South Wales Department of Health, has representation on invited NSW Nurses and Midwives Board committees and consults with other parties on a needs and enquiry basis, including national organisations such as the National Enrolled Nurse Association (a special interest group of the Australian Nursing Federation) and international organisations including the New Zealand Nurses Organisation.
The Enrolled Nurse Professional Association is the only independent body for this level of nurse in Australia catering for the needs of the professional enrolled nurse primarily in New South Wales.
Elections of the executive are held every 2 years.
The postal address of the group is P.O.Box 775, KINGSWOOD, NSW 2750
Contact Information
WEBSITE - www.enpansw.net
MAIL - P.O.Box 775, KINGSWOOD, NSW 2750

</doc>
<doc id="7049137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049137" title="Thermopsis montana">
Thermopsis montana

Thermopsis montana, the false lupin, mountain goldenbanner, golden pea, mountain thermopsis, or revonpapu, is a plant species which is native to the western United States. The Latin specific epithet "montana" refers to mountains or coming from mountains.
Description.
"Thermopsis montana" is a perennial herb"." The flowers are golden-yellow, growing in dense but elongate racemes on leafy stems which can grow up to about in height. Flowers bloom May to August. The leaves grow in triplicate formations.
The plant grows densely in meadows and in moist areas of the high plains, sometimes in association with sagebrush.
Cultivation.
It is used as a medicinal plant, and as an ornamental plant in gardens. It is suspected of being poisonous. It is avoided by livestock.

</doc>
<doc id="7049138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049138" title="Heavy Heavy Low Low">
Heavy Heavy Low Low

Heavy Heavy Low Low is an American metalcore band from San Jose, California.
Biography.
Formed in early 2004 in San Jose, California, Heavy Heavy Low Low played shows throughout the West Coast and developed a significant following, becoming known in the early 2000s screamo scene for their energetic stage presence.
They released their first EP "Kids, Kids, Kids" in 2004. The EP was recorded in a practice space in San Jose by Andy Kugler (Plans for Revenge).
Their first full-length release entitled "Courtside Seats to the Greatest Fuck of All Time", was released by Twelve Gauge Records in 2005 and featured their single, "Inhalant Abuse Is Illegal And Can Be Fatal".
Following their first full-length, they self-released the "...Fuck It!?" EP in 2005 and began touring beyond the west coast. This EP was recorded by Sam Pura in Pura's garage. It included their single, "Tell Shannon Her Crafts Are Ready". It also includes current singer Robbie Smith as well as previous singer Matthew Caudle.
They signed with New Weathermen Records, a division of Ferret Music, in mid-2006 and began work on their second full-length. In September 2006, "Everything's Watched, Everyone's Watching" was released, which featured a several old songs re-done and remastered, along with numerous brand-new tracks. This album was recorded by Casey Bates and engineered by Tom Pfaeffle outside of Seattle. Extensive and constant touring in support of the record ensued.
In early 2007, their out-of-print EP "...Fuck It?!" was re-released via Ferret Music and was limited to 1,000 copies. The release also features an exclusive B-side track titled "Short Term Exposure, Long Term Damage".
They released their third full-length album "Turtle Nipple &amp; The Toxic Shock" on August 19, 2008. The album was recorded and produced by Sam Pura in Oakland, California. Choosing to record with at the time lesser-known Pura allowed the band to stretch out allotted label money and spend 2 months recording the album. The album was a significant shift from their past work and took on a more psychedelic and experimental sound.
In early 2009, the band left Ferret/New Weatherman Records and announced that they would re-sign with Twelve Gauge Records. They finally released "Hospital Bomber" EP in August 2010.
Their final EP, "Hospital Bomber", has been compared to their last album regarding the coarser vocals of Robert Smith and a decidedly different musical style. The instruments for "Hospital Bomber" were all recorded live in-studio, instead of being recorded track-by-track. This recording technique gave the album a rawer sound than their previous albums. In a 2010 interview discussing "Hospital Bomber", Robert Smith said the track "We Incompetent Sperm" was his favorite off the EP. "I was sick at the time so my voice sounds different than the other songs and it's a song about an old, dirty woman who worries about everything." Praise was held for their experimenting with this newer sound.
The band went on an indefinite hiatus in 2009 citing busy personal lives.
Following the hiatus, members went on to start additional bands Downstaaiirs, I wanna Die, Donkeylips, and Riled. These outfits mostly played house shows and smaller venues. Dan started the rap group Dem Dam Thang Boys and is popular in the Kendama scene.
In 2019, Heavy Heavy Low Low began posting on Instagram new artwork for the album for a vinyl reissue of "Courtside Seats to the Greatest Fuck of All Time" released by Twelve Gauge Records.
In July 2019, they announced they were reuniting to play a handful of shows in 2020 with the original lineup along the west coast. The tour was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. They indicated that they still plan to play shows when possible.
In 2020 they uploaded a previously unreleased live in-studio EP, "Steak, Tits, Football (I Hate Myself)". The EP was released on cassette by Illuminate My Heart Records and Larry Records, as well as vinyl release by Silent Pendulum Records.
In 2021 Robbie Smith, Christopher and Andrew Fritter, along with Sam Pura formed Bone Cutter and released a self-titled EP through Twelve Gauge Records.
In 2025, the band announced they will be releasing a new album called "Pain Olympics".
Touring.
The band has toured throughout the US, as well as a tour in both Europe and Australia.
The band has toured extensively with Fear Before and the Fall of Troy. Other tourmates include: the Number Twelve Looks Like You, the Jonbenet, Ed Gein, Nights Like These, Ligeia, Murder by Death, Thursday, Horse the Band, So Many Dynamos, the End, Haste the Day and Poison the Well. They also took part in the 2007 Sounds of the Underground Tour alongside the likes of Gwar, Shadows Fall, Goatwhore and Every Time I Die. They toured with Foxy Shazam and Tera Melos in Fall of 2007. Their last US tour was the 2008 Stay Weird tour with Fear Before and Dr. Manhattan.
They announced a tour of Australia at the start of December 2010 with Australian band Totally Unicorn. They also played a few shows throughout California around this time. The Australian tour was their final tour and featured a four-piece line-up with Sam Pura filling-in for Danny Rankin on guitar. In 2012, band member Rob Smith was featured in an episode of Channel Seven's "" in which he attempted to enter Australia as a compensated performer without the appropriate visa.
The band were set for a series of reunion shows throughout California in the summer of 2020, which were ultimately cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2022, the band resumed their reunion show plans and performed a handful of dates on the eastern and western coast of the US, along with a string of shows throughout Texas in December with Duck Duck Goose and Executioner's Mask. These reunion shows featured the band's most well-known line-up of Robbie, Chris, Andrew, Dan, and Ryan.

</doc>
<doc id="7049142" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049142" title="State Prize of USSR">
State Prize of USSR



</doc>
<doc id="7049150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049150" title="IR Spectroscopy">
IR Spectroscopy



</doc>
<doc id="7049152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049152" title="Kazimierz Leski">
Kazimierz Leski

Kazimierz Leski, "nom de guerre" Bradl (21 June 1912 — 27 May 2000), was a Polish engineer, co-designer of the Polish submarines "ORP Sęp (1938)" and "ORP Orzeł", a fighter pilot, and an officer in World War II Home Army's intelligence and counter-intelligence.
He is credited, during World War II, with at least 25 journeys across German-held Europe, usually in the uniform of a Wehrmacht Major General.
After the war, he was imprisoned by Poland's communist authorities. He spent seven years on death row before being rehabilitated in 1956. He then resumed work as an engineer.
Early life.
Kazimierz Leski was born in Warsaw on 21 June 1912 to Maria Marta (née Olszyńska) (1886-1949) and Juliusz Stanisław Natanson-Leski (1884-1953). His older sister was Anna Leska (1910-1998) one of three Polish women to fly in the British Air Transport Auxiliary during the Second World War. His father, Major Juliusz Leski, had been an engineer and a pioneer of Poland's arms industry. following the Polish-Bolshevik War. However, he fell out of grace after the May 1926 Coup d'État, when he remained loyal to the government. Because of that, Kazimierz had to work as a railway worker to pay for his studies at the Wawelberg and Rotwand College in Warsaw. He also got a simple job in the foundry of the Pocisk munitions works. To study professional books, he learned English, Russian and German—abilities that proved invaluable later. Early on, he also learned French.
Engineer.
Immediately on graduating in 1936, he was offered a job at the Nederlandse Verenigde Scheepsbouw Bureaus B.V. design bureau (NVSB) in The Hague. The company was the leading design bureau in the Netherlands, working for all the major naval shipyards in the country. Initially working as a draughtsman, Leski learned the Dutch language, enabling him to rise quickly through the ranks of the design bureau.
His career in Dutch shipbuilding was sped up by the Netherlands having won a contract to build two modern Orzeł class submarines for the Polish Navy. He undertook additional studies at the Maritime Faculty of the Delft University of Technology and became one of the heads of the Submarine Division at "NVSB", responsible for comparing the designs with the supplied machinery. After he patented a new mounting for the ballast-tank funnels, he was promoted and became an independent specialist. Soon after, Leski became head designer for the Orzeł class submarines – "ORP Orzeł" and "ORP Sęp" – and deputy to lead constructor Niemeier.
After work on the submarines was complete, Leski returned to Poland, where he joined the Polish Army and graduated from his third school: the NCO Aviation School in Dęblin.
War begins.
Mobilized prior to the 1939 German invasion of Poland, he joined the Polish Air Force. On 17 September 1939 his Lublin R-XIII F plane was shot down by the Soviets, and Leski was badly injured. Soon after, he was taken prisoner of war by Soviet soldiers but managed to escape and reach Lwów. From there he crossed the new Soviet-German "border of peace" and in October 1939 moved to Warsaw, where he joined an underground organization, "Muszkieterowie" (the "Musketeers").
The organization, which was later integrated into the Home Army ("Armia Krajowa"), was an "en cadre" military organization primarily focused on intelligence. Thus Leski– still suffering from wounds received in September 1939 and unfit for front-line service in the Forest Units– became a leading intelligence officer with the Musketeers and later with the Home Army.
His most important achievements included a complete list of German military units, their insignia, numbers and dispositions. He and his cell also prepared detailed reports on the logistics and transport of German units bound for the Eastern Front, and on the state of bridges, railways and roads in German-held Europe. Leski's unit also began developing a communications network spanning German-occupied Europe from Poland to Portugal, France and finally the Polish Government in Exile in the United Kingdom.
Disguises.
In 1941 Leski made his first trip as a courier to France. In his first trip, he posed as a Lieutenant of the Wehrmacht. However, he decided to "promote himself" to the rank of "Generalmajor" for all other trips in order to be able to travel first class, as his wounds made it impossible for him to travel in crowded, third-class railway cars. As General Julius von Halmann he managed to cross Europe several times in a row without his true identity being revealed. The disguise, his fluent knowledge of several languages and his excellently forged documents also allowed him to witness several events he did not plan. Among them was his 1942 visit to the Atlantic Wall construction site, which was made possible because he convinced one of the passengers in his car that his superiors might want to build a similar line of fortifications in Ukraine. On another occasion he visited the field staff of Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt. Apart from his service in intelligence and counter-intelligence, he also took over a cell focused on smuggling information and people in and out of German prisons in occupied Poland, notably the infamous Pawiak.
Warsaw Uprising.
At the outbreak of the Warsaw Uprising in August 1944, Kazimierz Leski was not commissioned. However, with a group of volunteers he formed an infantry battalion, "Miłosz", and became commander of its first company, "Bradl". The unit fought with distinction in the area of Triple Cross Square in the Warsaw City Center. For his gallantry, Leski was promoted to captain and awarded several decorations, including the Silver Virtuti Militari, the Gold and Silver Crosses of Merit with Swords, and three Crosses of Valor.
After the Uprising's capitulation, Leski managed to escape from a column of prisoners and, pretending to be a civilian, returned to the underground. He became commander of the Home Army Western Area and later the chief of the Armed Forces Delegation for Poland.
Communist prison.
After the communist takeover of Poland he gradually dismantled his underground net and moved to Gdańsk. A member of the Wolność i Niezawisłość anti-communist resistance, under the false name "Leon Juchniewicz" he became the first managing director of the demolished Gdańsk Shipyard. His tasks included reconstructing the shipyard, which had been devastated by Allied air raids and by the withdrawing Germans. In August 1945 he received the communist regime's highest civilian award, but later the same day was arrested by the secret police, who had discovered his true identity.
Charged with attempting to overthrow the regime, he was sentenced to 12 years in prison. The sentence was later commuted to six years. However, in 1951 he was not released. Instead, he was charged with having collaborated with the German occupation forces and held in solitary confinement and brutally tortured.
Rehabilitation.
After the deaths of Soviet leader Joseph Stalin (1953) and Polish leader Bolesław Bierut (1956), Leski was freed and soon rehabilitated. Still, he could not find a job, as Poland's communist authorities continued to view former Home Army soldiers with suspicion. He had to give up work in the shipbuilding industry and worked as a clerk at the PWT publishing house. Eventually he became a member of the Polish Academy of Sciences. Awarded a doctorate, for political reasons he could not receive the rank of professor for his work on computer analysis of natural language codes. Nevertheless, he continued his scientific work, publishing seven books and over 150 other publications. He also patented inventions. In 1995 he was honored by Yad Vashem as a Righteous Among the Nations.
Largely unknown to the public, in 1989 — after Solidarity's victory and the fall of the communist regime — he published his memoirs, which became a best-seller. He received a Polish PEN Club Prize and the Award of the Polish Writers' Society in Exile.
He died on 27 May 2000 and was interred with military honors at Warsaw's Powązki Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="7049153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049153" title="Elwha Dam">
Elwha Dam

The Elwha Dam was a 108-ft (33 m) high dam located in the United States, in the state of Washington, on the Elwha River approximately upstream from the mouth of the river on the Strait of Juan de Fuca.
The Elwha River Ecosystem and Fisheries Restoration Act of 1992 authorized the US Federal Government to acquire the Elwha Dam and Glines Canyon Dam hydroelectric power projects for decommissioning and demolition for habitat restoration. Removal of the Elwha Dam began in September 2011 and was fully complete by March 2012, allowing the Elwha River to flow freely through the site.
Construction.
The dam was built under the direction of Thomas Aldwell. He previously bought up tracts of land around the river, and with the help of Canadian financier George Glines, began construction of the Elwha Dam in 1910. Aldwell and his contractors cut corners on constructing the dam, including illegally not building fish passages and not securing it to the bedrock. Thus, in 1912, as the reservoir filled behind the nearly completed dam, the lower sections of the dam gave way and a torrent of water headed downstream, taking out a bridge. Aldwell was able to get funding for reconstructing the dam and it was completed in 1913. The reservoir that filled the valley behind was known as Lake Aldwell.
The Elwha River Hydroelectric Power Plant historic district, a area comprising the dam, the powerhouse, five penstocks and the surge tank, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Initially, along with the Glines Canyon Dam, which was completed in 1926, it helped to fuel economic growth and development for the Olympic Peninsula and the community of Port Angeles, Washington. However, by the early 21st century, the combined power output of both dams only provided the equivalent of 38% of the electricity needed to operate one sawmill, the Daishowa America mill.
Lacking passage for migrating salmon, its construction blocked access by anadromous salmonids to the upper 38 miles (48 km) of mainstream habitat and more than of tributary habitat. The salmon runs that once numbered more than 400,000 adult returns in over of available habitat, after construction numbered less than 4,000 adult returns on only of available habitat.
Effects of dam on river habitat.
After the construction of the dams, the lower reach of the river saw a drastic decrease in sediment delivery. This led to a net erosion of the riverbed, including the gravels needed to create suitable habitats for spawning. Replacement gravel was trapped in the sediment load behind the dams. These gravels are considered an essential resource for restoration of salmon habitats. The delta at the mouth of the river, where it enters the Strait of Juan de Fuca, also saw a net erosion effect, confirmed by local tribal leaders.
Another effect of damming was the creation of Lake Aldwell and Lake Mills. These lakes had a multitude of impacts on the river beyond sediment retention. Because the water stayed in the lake for so long, it warmed up to approximately 16 °C. Normal water temperatures are around 0 °C. These higher temperatures are unnatural for spawning fish, which prefer colder ocean temperature waters. This increase in temperature also increased parasite populations, which threatened salmon runs. In 1992, disease wiped out two thirds of a returning Chinook salmon population before they had a chance to spawn. The lakes also acted as buffers for high and low flow conditions. While the dams were not actively used for flood control, the reservoirs behind them altered the natural flow patterns of the river. The normal seasonal high and low flow were evened out by the reservoirs and dams so that flow was relatively constant throughout the year. Natural flow patterns are known to promote the health of native species and to help eliminate non native species after dam removal.
History of the Elwha fishery.
At its peak, the Elwha supported spawning runs of Chinook, coho, chum, pink, and sockeye salmon as well as steelhead, cutthroat, and bull trout. The Chinook were known to reach sizes of 45 kg. Sockeye, Chinook, chum, and pink salmon were all endangered in the Elwha. Leaving one or both of the dams in place, even with modern fish passage systems, would not result in a dramatic recovery of species due to other factors like water temperature and gravel beds, which would still have negative effects on the fish species (see Table 1). The most valuable spawning habitats are located far upstream from the Glines Canyon Dam, so it still acted as a major barrier to the recovery of the runs. Removal of both dams was thus considered the only viable option for full restoration of the river and habitat.
Dam removal.
The Elwha River Ecosystem and Fisheries Restoration Act of 1992 created funding and government support for mitigation of the dams on the Elwha. While fish ladders were proposed as a possibility, they were ultimately ruled out for the reasons given in the previous section. The major problem raised with regard to removal of the two dams was the approximately 34 million cubic yards of sediment that had built up behind the dams. Of that 34 million, 28 million was behind the Glines Canyon Dam, while 6 million was behind the Elwha Dam. Releasing all of this sediment at once would have had devastating effects on the remaining habitats downstream from the dams, as well as along beaches at the coast. A drawdown experiment was conducted on the Glines Canyon Dam to assess the erosion of the sediments from Lake Mills. The lake was drawn down over one week and then allowed to remain stable for one more week. This test showed that the river would rapidly cut into the existing delta as soon as the lake level dropped, creating a deep, narrow channel. A new delta immediately began to form at the new lake level. Once the lake level was held steady, the channel migrated laterally along the existing delta. This test resulted in a sediment erosion model in which gradual drawdown of the lake would result in a greatly decreased sediment load downstream. Using this model, the plan was to drain the lake gradually over a two-year time period, allowing much of the sediment to remain in the old lake basin.
The model showed that after the two year dam removal period, the river would begin to restore itself to natural conditions. Sediment discharge rates would increase, resulting in restored and rejuvenated habitats downstream from the dams. Fish were anticipated to return to the upper reaches of the Elwha as soon as a year after dam removal was complete. While the river might never return to historically large runs, after 15–20 years or more, there should be a recovery of salmon runs to some sort of "pre-dam" condition. In addition to restoring the fish habitats, the draining of Lake Mills and Lake Aldwell would create an additional of terrestrial vegetation, improving elk habitats (Figure 1). Increased sediment loads were also predicted to help restore the retreating delta at the mouth of the Elwha.
Removal of the dams on the Elwha River was a long process. Physical removal started on September 27, 2011, and was completed August 26, 2014. There is uncertainty about how the river will transform itself and what period of time will be involved. Because so few dam removal projects have been accompanied by scientific study, perhaps fewer than 20, this project will be a model of the effectiveness of dam removal on this scale. If restoration of the river is successful, it could encourage a movement towards the restoration of natural stream morphology through the removal of larger dams. Most fish populations are expected to make a return to the river (Table 1). While fish may return to the river as soon as a year after the removal is complete, it may take 15 to 20 years for the river to fully return to its pre-dam conditions. The ultimate goal of the dam removal is restoring the river to a nearly pristine state.

</doc>
<doc id="7049158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049158" title="BYU-I">
BYU-I



</doc>
<doc id="7049159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049159" title="Violence in the israeli-palestinian conflict">
Violence in the israeli-palestinian conflict



</doc>
<doc id="7049168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049168" title="Kentucky Route 1723">
Kentucky Route 1723

Kentucky Route 1723 (KY 1723) was a north–south state highway in Lexington. It was deleted in 2018.
Route description.
The southern terminus of the route was at U.S. Route 60 (Versailles Road). The northern terminus was at U.S. Route 421 (West Main Street). KY 1723 was named South Forbes Road for its entire length.
History.
The route once extended south to U.S. Route 27 (South Limestone) via Red Mile Road and Virginia Street.
On November 16, 2017, the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet and the Lexington-Fayette County Urban Government reached an agreement to swap several streets in the Lexington metro area. KY 1723 was turned over to the city on March 16, 2018, resulting in its decommission. Also, US 27 was rerouted over Virginia Street that day (which was originally part of KY 1723). The section of US 27 on Upper Street and Bolivar Street was given to the city of Lexington.

</doc>
<doc id="7049169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049169" title="Station Biologique de Roscoff">
Station Biologique de Roscoff



</doc>
<doc id="7049170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049170" title="Grand Prix du Disque for Vocal Soloist">
Grand Prix du Disque for Vocal Soloist



</doc>
<doc id="7049171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049171" title="Qing mei">
Qing mei



</doc>
<doc id="7049175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049175" title="Macro Practice">
Macro Practice



</doc>
<doc id="7049178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049178" title="Plan de Ayala">
Plan de Ayala



</doc>
<doc id="7049179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049179" title="Police and theives">
Police and theives



</doc>
<doc id="7049180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049180" title="Plan de Casa Mata">
Plan de Casa Mata



</doc>
<doc id="7049181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049181" title="Naval Live Oaks Cemetery">
Naval Live Oaks Cemetery

The Naval Live Oaks Cemetery (also known as the Head Site and 8SR36) is a prehistoric cemetery associated with the Pensacola culture, a regional variant of the Mississippian culture. It is located near Gulf Breeze, Florida. On September 28, 1998, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="7049182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049182" title="Aguateca">
Aguateca

Aguateca is a Maya site located in northern Guatemala's Petexbatun Basin, in the department of Petén. The first settlements at Aguateca date to the Late Preclassic period (300 BC - AD 350). The center was occupied from about 200 B.C. until about 800 A.D., when the city was attacked and ransacked. Because the city was rapidly abandoned by its population, Pompeii-style assemblages were left scattered on the floors of elite residences. Horizontal excavation of these residences has revealed ancient elite activity and household level craft production areas. Aguateca sits on top of a tall limestone bluff, creating a highly defensible position. This steep escarpment overlooks Petexbatun Lagoon in the Southwestern Guatemalan lowlands and is accessible by boat. There is an extensive system of defensive walls that surrounds the city, reaching over in length. Its center consisted on the Palace Group, which was probably a royal residential compound, and the Main Plaza. These monumental complexes were connected by a causeway, along which was a densely occupied elite residential area. During the reign of Tan Te' K'inich the city was invaded and burned. The city was completely abandoned around 830 AD. A tall temple at the site was left unfinished, the centre of the city was destroyed by fire, valuables were left scattered in elite residences, and ceramics were left in their original domestic positions, all of which demonstrate the sudden abandonment of the city. The ruins of Aguateca are considered to be among the best preserved in Guatemala.
Early development.
Aguateca and the nearby city of Dos Pilas were the twin capitals of a powerful dynasty claiming descent from the rulers of Tikal. Around 700 AD, it appears that Dos Pilas Rulers 3 and 4 were responsible for shifting the focus of the dynasty from Dos Pilas to Aguateca, as can be determined from stelas and monuments. In 761 AD, the rulers of Dos Pilas appear to have abandoned their city and relocated to Aguateca. Aguateca became a large, densely populated city, with a higher density of structures than most other lowland Maya sites. It is possible that the population of Aguateca migrated from the Pasion region, but it is likely there was a large population from other regions as well. The influx of people was probably a result of the political influence of the dynasty. The development of a new center requires a substantial labor force to construct temples, palaces, and causeways. For the royal family and elites securing a controllable population was essential.
Structures and society.
The structural complexes of this ancient Mayan site have provided archaeologists with invaluable information about the societal composition at Aguateca. This includes the significance and role of different social classes, their placement in society, and their daily routines. In addition to this, households, as the most basic socioeconomic units, interacted dynamically with larger social, economic, and political institutions. The examination of these aspects at Aguateca is critical for understanding various aspects of human societies and behavior.
Elite households and lifestyle.
In most traditional societies, like Aguateca, what we call private and public merge inseparably, in contrast to modern societies, in which the division between "home" and "work" is relatively common.
Houses in the elite residential area of Aguateca commonly consist of three main rooms and smaller additions. These included numerous domestic objects including serving vessels, grinding stones, and a variety of stone tools. Obsidian blades, probably used for bloodletting, were also found, as well as stone mortars for pigment reparation. 
The central rooms appear to have served as locations to receive visitors, perform scribe work, and store ritual objects as well as food. The presence of "mano" and "metate" in one of the main rooms of these complexes also indicates that food preparation took place here. In addition, excavators found seven bone needles and seven spindle whorls in one of the rooms. This suggests that textile production occurred in or in front of this room, most likely a task undertaken by women. 
The residents of an elite structure clearly conducted a wide range of mundane activities, including the storage, preparation, and consumption of food. As noted, these residences were also spaces for political gatherings and artistic production. A male resident may have used the central room for meetings and one of the side rooms for scribal and artistic work, whereas the other room was most likely associated with the female.
Each residence was multi-purposeful, and there have been no structures found that were solely dedicated to food storage within the elite residential groups or the royal palace. This indicates that food storage was not centralized or controlled. Because of this, differences in food storage capacity and food processing may reflect differences in household size or even differences in economic status and access to sources. An elite Maya man could have conducted various activities, such as stone knapping, carving wood, shell, or bone, as well as administrative, diplomatic, and ritual duties in and outside the residence. An elite Maya woman may have engaged in different kinds of artistic creation and craft production, in addition to other domestic activities. Classic elite men and women possessed multiple social identities and roles.
Main plaza and performance.
The Classic Maya strongly emphasized the theatrical performance and visibility of rulers. The large plaza at Aguateca, like other Classic Maya centers, was designed to accommodate a large number of individuals. These plazas held the majority of the community members on ceremonial occasions. Residents made a significant effort to secure spaces for mass spectacles by creating plazas outside of core areas and constructing large causeways. Prominent representations of rulers on stone monuments were also placed in plazas. Theatrical events probably held together a Maya community around the ruler and royal court. The presence of plazas of varying sizes suggests that theatrical events also divided the community, separating those who were allowed to participate in exclusive performance from the less privileged.
Palace group and the royal family.
The overall site layout, architectural configurations, storage of objects, and post-abandonment treatment all point to the unique qualities of the Palace Group as the royal palace complex. These buildings also served administrative functions with the central rooms used as settings for royal audience and other political meetings. The configuration of this royal palace complex suggests that the ruler maintained a certain level of visibility. For example, meetings held in one of the Palace Group structures were visible to those who were not allowed in. The prominence of meeting scenes in Maya ceramic paintings suggests that certain gatherings in royal palaces were meant to be witnessed. It appears that before the final attack on Aguateca took place, the royal family cleaned out the rooms of the palace and left the center.
Temple construction and commoners.
One structure that has been discovered has been identified as an unfinished temple. It is believed that it was still in the process of construction when it was attacked and abandoned at the beginning of the 9th century. Its discovery has provided valuable information on Maya building methods and processes, as well as the likelihood for specialization. It is possible that construction labour was organized into different groups, such as workers carrying rocks to the site, stone cutters quarrying blocks for dressed stone, masons or plaster workers setting stones with mortar, and stone sculptors carving monuments. All of these people worked side by side, and elite architects or supervisors most likely coordinated the tasks of various workers.
Material culture.
Elite artisans.
A significant portion of Maya elites, both men and women, engaged in artistic creation and craft production at Aguateca, and they were often involved in independent and attached production. Artistic and craft production appears to have been a common pursuit among classic Maya elites at Aguateca, including courtiers of the highest rank and even members of the royal family. They manufactured not only luxury goods and weaponry but also utilitarian items for consumption both within and outside the household. Items produced included wood carvings and hide or leather goods. Because of this, several kinds of craft production overlapped in various households. At the same time, particular households and individuals emphasized specific artistic creation and craft activities.
One household might carve stelae for the ruler, while another might have an emphasis on shell and bone objects of high symbolic value. It is likely that elite women actively participated in these types of production, engaging in stone carving in collaboration with noble men. Artistic creation, as well as the garnering of ideological, religious, and esoteric production knowledge, were important in exclusionary tactics and elite identity. Some of these elite art pieces were found burned after the abandonment of Aguateca, with pieces representing what archaeologists call "The Jester God" being found in one of the elite residences, signifying the importance of art creation among the elite.
Obsidian.
Obsidian was a highly valued material in Classic Maya society, and possession of it was indicative of high status. The rulers of Aguateca controlled the main access to obsidian in the city while the procurement and distribution of obsidian may have been administered by the royal court of the Aguateca dynasty as part of its political economy. Both the rulers of Aguateca and the elite scribes/artists had a larger number of stronger and more substantial obsidian crafted blades than those who lived in smaller residences. The presence of obsidian also indicates that the Classic Maya at Aguateca were not isolated from other regions but participated in long distance trade to obtain the material.
Animals.
Production of goods from animal products for the community and rulers seems to have been common. All members of the community were involved in animal related craft production, but some aspects of this crafting were only carried out in specific households. Activities included meat/hide production and initial bone-tool production. Some animals were used as luxury goods and foods, access to which was differentially available on the basis of social rank or authority. The upper class had greater access to animal sources that were considered to be more ritual or exotic. Such species included marine shells (for decoration) and wild cats such as jaguars, margays, and ocelots (used for pelts, teeth, and claws). Non-exotic animals were also differentially available as foods and tools. Dominant species for consumption at Aguateca include white-tailed deer, river turtles, dog, agouti, paca, peccaries, as well as large birds and riverine fish.
Theatre.
The Main Plaza of Aguateca contained numerous stone monuments and provided an adequate environment for theatrical performances. Theatrical performances not only communicate pre-existing ideas but also define political reality as it is experienced by participants. Theatrical events constitute a critical process of integration and conflict and have particularly significant effects on the maintenance and transformation of societies. The performances of rulers, which is depicted on stone monuments, involved a large audience. This makes the Main Plaza at Aguateca highly significant because its use as a theatrical space was a primary concern in the design of the city. These events gave physical reality to the community and counteracted the tendencies of non-elite populations to move away from the center of the city. The elite may have taken advantage of these performances to advance their political agendas, but they were at the same time under constant evaluation by viewers. Theatrical events set the stage for creation and imposition of power relations and associated ideologies, as well as resistance to and subversion of them.
Tools.
In order to be able to produce the goods and materials that they did, the community of Aguateca had to create the tools they used for production. Some of these tools included manos and metates, tools utilized for grinding, with manos typically being used for the preparation of corn, and metates being used to grind other materials down into smaller quantities. Some animal products were also used as tools, such as the bones of deer assisted in the manufacturing of lithic tools and burnishing. The people of Aguateca were able to create these tools that they used to create many other of the artifacts found at the archaeological site, and provide answers as to how the production of materials and goods was organized and carried out in their society.
Main Chasm rituals.
The "Main Chasm" is a naturally formed deep fracture of limestone karst running NE-SW through the middle of the Aguateca site. It measures approximately 850 m long, 10–70 m deep and 1,5 – 15 m wide. Embodying the maya conception of mountain-cave, it has strong evidence of a variety of ritual practices. This suggests that chasms, like caves, represent potent cosmological and religious places where ancestral and supernatural spirits can be reached. The features and natural phenomena observed at the Main Chasm at Aguateca provide a window into the complex manipulation of the transformative properties of the elements and their significance. At Aguateca, within the interiors of the earth where the wind blows clouds onto the hill from the depths of the chasm, wind instruments were played and fires were burned. It is possible these fires contained copal incense which would have formed black smoke reminiscent of rain clouds, with the hopes of bringing rain. Notably, two of the elements air (wind) and water (rain), are intricately linked according to Maya beliefs. Water, as an enduring element of life, was materialized in the form of rain ceremonies, layered with meanings that ranged from sufficient rainfall to dynastic prosperity and power. The toponymic glyph of Aguateca represents the chasm.
Farming.
The subsistence environment at Aguateca, like at other Classic Maya sites, was limited by shallow, sloped soils and unpredictable weather patterns until their collapse. Based on changes in stable carbon isotope ratios of soil, we are able to determine the ancient presence of C4 plant growth and maize. The ancient Maya of Aguateca probably adapted to their environment by exploiting ideal areas for agriculture. As a result, it is likely that maize was grown in the seasonal wetlands adjacent to the site. Natural "rejollada" karst features, "toeslip" soils, and seasonally inundated wetlands were important soil resources to the ancient Maya because the soils there were deep and fertile. Stepped slopes of the rejolladas may have acted as natural terraces. This was also probably the site of frequent maize cultivation and may have been politically important.
War and weapons.
Both the royal family and elite scribes/artists at Aguateca used spear and dart points for "inter-group human conflict" as well as for artistic and craft production under enemy threat. The ruler and elite were also warriors, and owning these weapons and participating in warfare established and perpetuated their supremacy. Spear and dart points were more important than the bow and arrow, but notches in these points do indicate that the bow and arrow was in use. Inter-valley conflict may have been a crucial factor that lead to the development of Classic Maya complex societies such as Aguateca. This warfare had a fundamental effect on society, and is what ultimately led to the demise of Aguateca.
Destruction and abandonment.
Although inter-group conflict, climate changes, and environmental degradation began to cause social upheaval towards the end of the reign of Aguateca, the ultimate destruction of the center was a result of warfare. Around 800 A.D. Aguateca appears to have been attacked by enemies. A series of defensive walls that were hastily constructed towards the end of the Late Classic period were probably in response to the escalation of warfare in the region. The elite residential area near the royal palace was burned, and residents fled or were taken away, leaving most of their belongings behind. The attacking army did not stay in the center, and soon the entire city was abandoned. Elaborately built structures, such as the Palace Group, contained highly valuable goods, such as greenstone beads, carved alabaster, and shell ornamentation. This further supports the conclusion that the city was abandoned rapidly. Excavations at the Palace Group suggest that the royal family evacuated the center before the attack and anticipated to return, but it appears that members of the elite remained. Areas outside the center were abandoned gradually, probably right after the destruction of the city. The inhabitants of these areas carried away most of their belongings to their next residences. Because of the pattern of destruction and abandonment, it is likely that the ruling elite of Aguateca was the primary focus of battle. The enemies aimed to terminate Aguateca as a political and economic power and they succeeded. The drastic fall of Aguateca is very similar to the situation in Pompeii, which provides us with a wealth of evidence today. Moments of classic Maya lives were frozen in the rich assemblages of objects left in burned structures. This provides information regarding domestic activities, household organization, and political interactions of the Classic Maya at Aguateca.

</doc>
<doc id="7049183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049183" title="Downtown East, Minneapolis">
Downtown East, Minneapolis

Downtown East is an official neighborhood in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States. It is in Ward 3, currently represented by council member Michael Rainville.
Its boundaries are the Mississippi River to the north, Interstate 35W to the east, 5th Street South to the south, and Portland Avenue to the west. It is bounded by the Downtown West, Elliot Park, and Cedar-Riverside neighborhoods. The Marcy-Holmes neighborhood is on the other side of the river, but there is no direct automobile connection between the two neighborhoods. There is a pedestrian and bicycle connection via the Stone Arch Bridge.
Within Downtown East is the Mill District, which contains former industrial buildings left over from the days when Minneapolis was the flour milling capital of the world. Many of these old mills and factories are being converted to housing, bringing a residential population to a neighborhood that beforehand didn't have many residents. Because of this, the Mill District in Downtown East is one of the fastest growing areas of the city.
Attractions.
Transit.
The neighborhood is served by U.S. Bank Stadium Station of the METRO light rail system.

</doc>
<doc id="7049188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049188" title="Lego Star Wars">
Lego Star Wars

Lego "Star Wars (stylized as LEGO Star Wars") is a Lego theme based on the "Star Wars" media franchise created by George Lucas. It includes over 928 Lego building toy sets, 1389 Lego minifigures, an eponymous video game series containing six games, and multiple animated short films and television series.
Originally it was only licensed from 1998 to 2009, but The Lego Group extended the license with Lucasfilm, first until 2011, then until 2016, then again until 2022, and then once more until 2032.
Overview.
"Lego Star Wars" is based on the "Star Wars" saga and franchise. The product line directly focuses on the Star Wars characters from the films and TV Series, with the exception of a few special characters. It was first announced in February 1999 at the North American International Toy Fair, serving as a tie-in to "", that would be released in May.
Development.
The Lego "Star Wars" designers have revealed how they have "changed strategy" to get popular minifigures into cheaper and more accessible sets. Lego "Star Wars" Creative Lead Jens Kronvold Frederikcen explained, "We have changed our strategy a little bit over the years," and continued, "Where in the past, we often kept some of them – the most important especially – for the higher prices, we are now thinking young kids, maybe newcomers to Star Wars, want to get into it."
The designers revealed the Force Ghost minifigures as a result of changes to the company's transparent plastic. Creative Lead Jens Kronvold Frederikcen, "The reason for not doing it was that the minifigures are made out of many different types of plastic, because they need to have different abilities and characteristics," Design Director Michael Lee Stockwell explained, "Some have to be flexible, some need to use clutch power and whatnot," and continued, "So the hands are different material than the heads, for example."
Stockwell explained how coming up with playsets based on new shows and movies is trickier than creating vehicles. Referring to a Lego set based on "The Mandalorian", Stockwell explained, "We were interested in [the Armourer's forge] already from the first season, but we didn't know enough about the context," and continued, "We didn't know enough of what was happening around this. That's one of the major differences between designing a ship and a playset like this, because it's sometimes easier to understand a ship."
The designers explained the Death Star (set number: 75316) is a great example of how they decide which sets to produce. Frederiksen explained, "If it's something that's exposed in more places, then there's a high chance that it's popular," and continued, "We did the same thing when creating stuff from Star Trek. We always thought the best set was [vehicles] that were both from the prequel movies, but also in The Clone Wars, [because] then we make more people happy."
The designers explained the design process of a minifigures and how they feel responsible for their accuracy. Lego "Star Wars" designer Madison O'Neil explained, "Part of that is just trying to fit these details in. The leg print, the arm print, wherever we can that's a new thing that we're starting to be able to do a little bit more of which is great to have the capacity to do that. We work within these frames that we have within the company that everyone has, and we just try to do the absolute best we can."
Construction sets.
According to the Lego-owned marketplace BrickLink, The Lego Group has, released a total of 928 Lego sets and promotional polybags and 1389 minifigures as part of its Lego "Star Wars" theme.
Minifigures.
Some minifigures repeatedly appear across multiple Lego sets, while others can be very rare, vastly increasing their resale value. Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader are the themes most prominent minifigures while battle droids are, by quantity, one of the most often appearing minifigures in all of Lego. The first Lego "Star Wars" minifigures to ever be released were Luke Skywalker and Ben Kenobi from #7110 "Landspeeder". Tan colored OOM battle droids are the first Lego "Star Wars" minifigure by production code (sw0001a) and have only four different unique designs, all of which are only different oriented arms and an additional backplate. Lego switched the skin tone from yellow to a more natural skin tone between 2003 and 2004, and by 2005 the yellow skin tone was retired in the "Lego Star Wars" line. In 2019, the number of Lego "Star Wars" minifigures has surpassed 1000, with the "Battlefront II" protagonist Iden Versio bearing code sw1000.
Lego "Star Wars" construction sets.
The first few sets based on the original trilogy were released in 1999, coinciding with the release of '. The first wave of Lego "Star Wars" sets included model 7140, an X-wing fighter. Sets based on the prequel trilogy ("Episodes I" to "III") of "Star Wars" would follow, starting with "Episode I – The Phantom Menace". As each new film in the prequel trilogy neared its release date, Lego issued new models of ships and scenes in those films, as well as additional sets from the original trilogy. Lego also produced models based on , ', ', , "Rebels", ', ', "Rogue One", ', ', "Resistance", "The Mandalorian", ', ', "The Book of Boba Fett", "Obi-Wan Kenobi", "Star Wars: Andor," "Ahsoka", and '. Sets based on "", , , and have also been produced.
In 2022, The Lego Group announced the Lego "Star Wars" theme will continue until December 2032.
Ultimate Collector Series (UCS) sets.
In addition to the regular Minifigure-scale sets, Lego has released 37 sets for the Ultimate Collector Series. These models are often considerably larger, more detailed, and meant more for display purposes than other sets. They often cost more than regular Lego sets as well. Many of them include an information plaque and often a display stand. The largest of these is 75192, the 2017 UCS version of the "Millennium Falcon", complete with ten Minifigures. At 7541 pieces, it is the largest Lego Star Wars set ever released; and the fifth largest set of any collection ever commercially released. On June 5, 2015, a sealed box of the older 2007 "Millennium Falcon" Lego set (#10179) was auctioned at online auction house Catawiki for 5000 euros (US$5556.5 at the time) making it the most expensive Lego set ever. In 2021, AT-AT (set number: #75313) was released on November 26, 2021. In 2022, Luke Skywalker's Landspeeder (set number: #75341) was released on May 1, 2022. The Razor Crest (set number: #75331) was released on 3 October 2022. In 2023, X-wing Starfighter (set number: #75355) was released on 1 May 2023. In September 2023, Venator-Class Republic Attack Cruiser (set number: #75367) was released on 1 October 2023. 2024 saw the release of the TIE Interceptor (75382) on May 4, and Jabba's Sail Barge (75397) on October 1. Jango Fett's Slave I (75409) was released on May 4, 2025, and the Death Star (75419), with 9019 pieces and being the biggest Lego Star Wars set of all time, will release on October 1, 2025.
Master Builder Series (MBS) sets.
With similar complexity to the Ultimate Collector Series sets, sets under the Master Builder Series are built with the purpose of playing, featuring numerous play features, functions, and interior details as compared to the UCS, which are meant more for display purposes. The first set of the MBS is the #75222 "Betrayal at Cloud City", which was released in 2018. In 2020, #75290 "Mos Eisley Cantina" was released as the largest MBS set with over 3,000 pieces and 21 minifigures.
The Helmet Collection sets.
In 2020, Lego released three brick-built helmets of selected iconic characters from the Star Wars universe. They are #75277 "Boba Fett", #75276 "Stormtrooper", and #75274 "TIE Fighter Pilot". Meant to be displayed, name plaques of the helmets' characters are included. In March 2021, Lego announced that it will be releasing helmets #75304 "Darth Vader" and #75305 "Scout Trooper" on April 26, 2021.
In February 2022, Lego announced that it will be releasing helmets #75327 "Luke Skywalker (Red Five)", #75328 "The Mandalorian" and #75343 "Dark Trooper" on March 1, 2022.
In January 2023, Lego announced that it will be releasing helmets #75351 "Princess Leia (Boushh)", #75349 "Captain Rex" and #75350 "Clone Commander Cody" on March 1, 2023.
R2-D2.
Lego design master Kurt Kristiansen had revealed the R2-D2 (set number: #75308). Kurt Kristiansen explained, "Well R2-D2 is a bit of a fun thing for me cause I've been revisiting the design for almost 10 years," and continued, "So it was quite a challenge to reinvent the model."
Subsequently, in 2024, Lego released a smaller model of R2-D2 to coincide with products released to celebrate the 25th anniversary of Lego Star Wars. As such, this model also included a minifigure of Darth Malak from the Knights of the Old Republic game series.
Imperial Probe Droid.
The designer video for Imperial Probe Droid (set number: #75306) explains some of the challenges that went into making the robotic model. Lego designer Jan Neergaard Olesen explained, "It's the first model I made totally in 3D, we have a program that we use and this was the first model where I spent a lot of time building it in 3D at home," and continued, "But the thing is, in 3D programs you don't have gravity and with a model like this that have a very high pivot point, it's going to cause some challenges"
Diorama Collection.
In 2022, Lego announced that it will be releasing three Diorama building sets from the Star Wars universe on 24 March 2022. They are sets #75329 Death Star Trench Run Diorama, #75330 Dagobah Jedi Training Diorama and #75339 Death Star Trash Compactor Diorama.
In 2023, Lego announced that it will be releasing two Diorama building sets from the Star Wars universe on 1 May 2023. They are set #75352 Emperor's Throne Room and set #75353 Endor Speeder Chase.
In September 2023, Millennium Falcon Holiday Diorama (set number: 40658) will be released in October 2023. The set consists of 282 pieces with 5 minifigures. The set included Lego minifigures of Rey, Finn, Chewbacca, BB-8 and Porg.
Lego Art sets.
On August 1, 2020, Lego released set #31200 "Star Wars The Sith" under the "Lego Art" theme. This consists of 3,406 pieces and offers builders the option to recreate any one of the three Star Wars villains (Darth Maul, Kylo Ren, and Darth Vader) in a mosaic-like format using Lego 1x1 studs.
Lego BrickHeadz sets.
Lego has since released 22 Star Wars themed sets under the "Lego BrickHeadz" theme. They include characters from the sequel trilogy, the original trilogy, , and "The Mandalorian".
Lego Brick Sketches sets.
Sets #40391 First Order Stormtrooper and set #40431 BB-8 were released as a part of "Lego Brick Sketches" theme.
Lego Mech sets.
On August 1, 2023, Lego released sets #75368 Darth Vader Mech, #75369 Boba Fett Mech, and #75370 Stormtrooper Mech.
Video games.
Traveller's Tales president Jon Burton stated in a July 2008 interview with "Variety" that the series had collectively sold 15 million copies. As of February 13, 2009, "Lego Star Wars: The Video Game" has sold over 6.8 million copies worldwide, "Lego Star Wars II" has sold over 8.3 million, "The Complete Saga" has sold over 4.1 million, and the three combined have sold over 21 million. In May 2009, "Wired" reported combined sales of 20 million. As of 2012, all Lego Star Wars video games had collectively sold more than 30 million copies. As of 2016, more than 36 million games were sold. As of 2019, the series has sold more than 50 million copies of Lego Star Wars video games. In April 2022, "Lego Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga" was listed as one of the UK boxed chart top 10 by "Eurogamer". "Lego Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga" has sold more than three million copies.
Several films and videos based on Lego "Star Wars" have been produced; additionally, Lego "Star Wars" characters cameo in "The Lego Movie" (2014).
Television specials.
Multiple Lego "Star Wars" reference books, short stories and coloring books have been released. Additionally multiple Lego "Star Wars" magazines release monthly.
Other merchandise.
The Lego "Star Wars" brand has also produced plush toys, alarm clocks in the design of minifigures and minifigures with keychain rings and magnets. They also released minifigures integrated into pens as part of "Lego Writing".
Reception.
In 2015, The Lego Group has seen its first half results jump 18 percent for 2015, fuelled by the popularity of Lego "Star Wars", Lego "Jurassic World" and Lego "Technic".
In 2018, the Toy Retailers Association listed BB-8 (set number: 75187) and Millennium Falcon (set number: 75192) on its official list of 2018 Toy of the Year Awards.
In 2020, "Lego Star Wars" theme became the Top-selling themes for the year.
In 2021, the Toy Retailers Association listed The Razor Crest (set number: 75292) on its official list of 2021 Toy of The Year Awards.
In June 2021, R2-D2 (set number: 75308) was listed as the "Top 20 Lego Sets List" by Lego fansite "Brick Fanatics".
In 2020, The Lego Group reported that the Lego Technic, Lego Star Wars, Lego Classic, Lego "Disney Princess", Lego "Harry Potter" and Lego "Speed Champions", "The strong results are due to our incredible team," and that these themes had helped to push revenue for the first half of 2020 grow 7% to DKK 15.7 billion compared with the same period in 2019.
In 2021, Darth Vader Helmet (set number: 75304) was listed as one of the "Top 10 toys for Christmas 2021" by Tesco.
In March 2022, The Lego Group reported that the Lego "City", Lego "Technic", Lego "Creator Expert", Lego "Harry Potter" and Lego Star Wars themes had earned for the full year of 2021. Revenue for the year grew 27 percent versus 2020 to DKK 55.3 billion and consumer sales grew 22 percent over the same period, outpacing the toy industry and driving market share growth globally and in largest markets.
On 28 September 2022, The Lego Group reported that the Lego "Star Wars", Lego "Technic", Lego Icons (formerly Creator Expert), Lego City, Lego Harry Potter and Lego Friends themes had earned for the six months ending 30 June 2022. Revenue for the period grew 17 percent to DKK 27.0 billion compared with the same period in 2021, driven by strong demand. Consumer sales grew 13 percent, significantly ahead of the toy industry, contributing to global market share growth.
In February 2023, Millennium Falcon (set number: 75192) and The Razor Crest (set number: 75331) were listed on "The biggest Lego sets of all time" by Lego fansite "Brick Fanatics".
In March 2023, The Lego Group reported that the "Lego City", "Lego Technic", "Lego Icons", "Lego Harry Potter" and "Lego Star Wars" themes had earned for the full year of 2022. Revenue for the year grew 17 percent to DKK 64.6 billion and consumer sales grew 12 percent in 2022, achieving growth in all major market groups with especially strong performance in the Americas and Western Europe.
In August 2023, The Lego Group reported that the "Lego Icons", "Lego Star Wars", "Lego Technic" and "Lego City" themes had earned for the first six months of 2023. Revenue was DKK 27.4 billion, a growth of 1% compared with H1 2022. Consumer sales grew 3% outperforming a declining toy market and contributing to strong market share growth.
Awards and nominations.
In 2006, Lego Star Wars was awarded "Toy of the Year" and also "Activity Toy of the Year" by the Toy Association.
In 2009, Darth Vader's TIE Fighter (set number: 8017) and Echo Base (set number: 7749) were awarded "DreamToys" in the Construction category by the Toy Retailers Association.
In 2010, Hoth Wampa Cave (set number: 8089) was awarded "DreamToys" in the Boys category by the Toy Retailers Association.
In 2011, Millennium Falcon (set number: 7965) was awarded "DreamToys" in the Construction category by the Toy Retailers Association.
In 2012, Desert Skiff (set number: 9496) was awarded "DreamToys" in the Construction category by the Toy Retailers Association.
In 2015, Kylo Ren's Command Shuttle (set number: 75104) was awarded "DreamToys" in the Build It And They Will Thrive category by the Toy Retailers Association.
In 2016, U-Wing Fighter (set number: 75155) was awarded "DreamToys" in the Action Station category by the Toy Retailers Association.
In 2017, BB-8 (set number: 75187) and First Order Heavy Assault Walker (set number: 75189) were awarded "DreamToys" in the Licensed To Thrill category by the Toy Retailers Association.
In 2018, BB-8 (set number: 75187) was awarded "Toy of the Year" and also "Construction Toy of the Year" by the Toy Association. Also Millennium Falcon (set number: 75192) was awarded "Toy of the Year" and also "Specialty Toy of the Year" by the Toy Association.
In 2019, Yoda (set number: 75255) was awarded "DreamToys" in the Movie Magic category by the Toy Retailers Association.
In 2020, 501st Legion Clone Troopers (set number: 75280) was awarded "DreamToys" in the Licensed To Thrill category by the Toy Retailers Association.
In 2020, Droid Commander (set number: 75253) was awarded "Toy of the Year" and also "STEM/STEAM Toy of the Year" by the Toy Association.
In 2021, Boba Fett's Starship (set number: 75312) (set number: 75280) was awarded "DreamToys" in the Licensed To Thrill category by the Toy Retailers Association.
In 2022, Hoth AT-ST (set number: 75322) was awarded "DreamToys" in the Film &amp; TV Favourites and The Top 12 Toys for Christmas 2022 categories by the Toy Retailers Association. Dark Trooper Attack (set number: 75324) was awarded "DreamToys" in the Film &amp; TV Favourites category by the Toy Retailers Association.

</doc>
<doc id="7049193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049193" title="Planetboredom.net">
Planetboredom.net



</doc>
<doc id="7049195" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049195" title="Plan de Iguala">
Plan de Iguala



</doc>
<doc id="7049196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049196" title="Chris Smith (science communicator)">
Chris Smith (science communicator)

Chris Smith (born 16 January 1975) - "the Naked Scientist" - is a British consultant virologist and a lecturer based at Cambridge University where he is a fellow of Queens' College. He is also a science radio broadcaster and writer, and presents "the Naked Scientists", a programme which he founded in 2001, for BBC Radio and other networks internationally, as well as "5 Live Science" on BBC Radio 5 Live.
Qualifications.
Chris Smith has a Cambridge University medical degree (MB BChir) and a PhD in virology. He also gained a First Class Honours degree in neuroscience from University College London (UCL). He is a fellow of the Royal College of Pathologists (FRCPath) and on the General Medical Council (GMC) specialist register for medical microbiology and virology, practising as he does as a consultant clinical virologist at Addenbrooke's Hospital, Cambridge.
Naked Scientists podcast.
Launched by Smith in 2001, and distributed as one of the first iTunes podcasts from 2005, it was also the first BBC local and regional programme to be published as a podcast and within its first twelve months it received 2 million programme downloads.
In January 2010, Smith's "The Naked Scientists" group announced on Twitter that, just ahead of the 10th anniversary of the project's launch, the number of downloaded programme episodes had hit 10 million internationally. At a presentation at the 2011 AAAS Meeting in Washington DC, Smith showed that, by February 2011, over 17 million episodes of the Naked Scientists podcast had been downloaded globally. More recently, during a 2014 visit to Perth, Western Australia, where Smith holds a Sir Walter Murdoch Distinguished Adjunct Professorship at Murdoch University, he announced that the number of downloads exceeds 40 million. Current estimates are that the programme has been downloaded more than 140 million times worldwide.
Other work.
In addition to his work with the Naked Scientists, Smith appears live every Friday morning on Australia's ABC Radio National Breakfast with Fran Kelly, supplying an update of the week's leading science news. He has also contributed to Robyn Williams' "The Science Show" on the same station, and also appears on Johannesburg-based South African station TalkRadio 702 for thirty minutes every Friday morning with a half hour science news round up and listener question phone-in. Between 2011 and 2017 when the programme was discontinued, Radio New Zealand National's "This Way Up" show, hosted by journalist Simon Morton on Saturdays, also included a "Naked Science" contribution from Chris; since 2013 BBC Radio Norfolk have been running a Naked Scientists Wednesday teatime science phone-in as part of their Drive Time offering.
Until May 2014, Smith provided a weekly 25 minute science round up for BBC Radio 5 Live's "Up All Night" programme every Monday. This was replaced by the new weekly one-hour "5 live Science" programme, which is also produced by Smith and his colleagues and airs on Sunday mornings and sometimes repeated on a Sunday evening.
Smith also founded and presented the first 100 episodes of the "Nature Podcast" for the journal "Nature" in 2005. This show was the first example of an international science journal producing an audio programme to supplement its printed content. He has also contributed podcast content for the open access publishing group PLoS (Public Library of Science), he launched and hosted the Royal Society of Chemistry's "Chemistry World" Podcast for nearly 10 years and, in 2013, launched the monthly "eLife Podcast" for the open access online journal "eLife", which he currently presents.
Smith is a consultant virologist at the University of Cambridge. He is also a Fellow of Queens' College, Cambridge, and Public Understanding of Science Fellow at the Institute of Continuing Education.
Books.
In September 2006 Chris Smith published "Naked Science", his first book, which is an anthology of science stories based on the material presented on "The Naked Scientists". This was followed, in September 2008, by "Crisp Packet Fireworks", a collection of 50 science experiments to try at home using every-day ingredients found in the average kitchen. This title, which was co-authored with Naked Scientist colleague David Ansell and published by New Holland, was initially launched across in the UK, Australia and New Zealand. In January 2010 it was also published across South Africa by Struik and Random House under the title "Maverick Science", and launched in the US in April 2010 as "Spectacular Science". In December 2008 Chris also published a sequel to "Naked Science", "The Return of the Naked Scientist", with Random House in Australia and New Zealand. He released a fourth book, "Stripping Down Science", also with Random House Australia, in December 2010.
COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic.
Smith has been called upon during the ongoing COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic to contribute to international media, including television news channels, BBC Radio 4's PM programme, Jeremy Vine's programme on BBC Radio 2, Radio New Zealand and he co-hosted the "Commonsense coronavirus call-in" on Saturday afternoons with Colin Murray on BBC Radio 5 Live, explaining the spread of the pandemic, answering listener questions and commenting on scientific and medical developments.
Awards and honours.
Smith's work on the Naked Scientists also won him the Biosciences Federation Prize for Science Communication, 2006, the JOSH Award 2007, the Society for General Microbiology's Peter Wildy Prize 2008, the Royal Society Kohn Award for 2008, the Best Radio Show Award at the Population Institute's 29th Global Media Awards, 2008, the European Podcast Award for UK Non-Profit podcast, the inaugural Royal College of Pathologists Furness Prize for Science Communication, 2010 and the Society of Biology's Science Communication Prize, 2012. In 2016 Smith received an honorary doctorate (DSc) from Queen Mary University of London (QMUL) in recognition of his contributions to broadcasting and public understanding of science In 2020, the Royal College of Pathologists recognised Smith's contribution to science communication during the COVID-19 pandemic with an achievement award.

</doc>
<doc id="7049199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049199" title="Oklahoma State Highway 16">
Oklahoma State Highway 16

State Highway 16 (SH-16 or OK-16) is a state highway in Oklahoma. It runs in an irregular 99.2-mile west-to-east pattern through the northeastern part of the state, running from SH-33 at Drumright to SH-51 at Wagoner. There are no letter-suffixed spur highways branching from SH-16.
SH-16 was established in 1936 as a gravel highway running between Bristow at its western end and Beggs at its eastern end. Since then, the highway has been paved and gradually extended to both the east and the west, finally reaching its present-day extent in 1965.
Route description.
SH-16 begins at SH-33 on the east side of Drumright, in western Creek County. From there, it travels south to the town of Shamrock, then roughly southeasterly to the city of Bristow.
SH-16 briefly overlaps SH-48 and SH-66 through Bristow. On the south side of Bristow, SH-16 heads east, then south, to the town of Slick, then continues another east to Beggs, where it junctions with U.S. Route 75 Alternate.
Four miles (6.4 km) east of Beggs, SH-16 intersects U.S. Route 75, a major national north–south highway and prominent in the area as a four-lane expressway connecting Tulsa and Okmulgee. From there it runs due east, intersecting SH-52 near the community of Bald Hill.
Twelve miles (19.3 km) after SH-52, SH-16 joins up with U.S. Route 62/64, south of Haskell. later, SH-162 branches off to the north, connecting with the town of Taft, and in another enters the city of Muskogee along Okmulgee Street.
In Muskogee, SH-16 meets U.S. Route 69 at 32nd Street, and turning north, forms a brief three-way concurrency (US-62/69/SH-16). At Shawnee Bypass, U.S. Route 62 and SH-16 turn east, and overlap to York Street, where SH-16 turns north on its own again.
SH-16 crosses the Arkansas and Verdigris Rivers, and passes under the Muskogee Turnpike, intersecting with SH-251A in Okay. farther to the north and west, SH-16 ends at SH-51, on the south side of Wagoner.
History.
The present incarnation of SH-16 first appeared on Oklahoma's state highway map in 1937 as a gravel highway connecting Bristow to Beggs. This would be SH-16's extent for nearly two decades. This section of the highway was first paved in 1950.
SH-16 was not extended beyond Beggs until 1954, when it was extended east to US-62 and US-64. This section of gravel highway had a slight jog to the north, causing it to meet the U.S. highways at Jamesville, north of the present-day junction. The following year, SH-16 was extended even further east, passing through Muskogee via US-62, US-64, and US-69, and proceeding along its present-day alignment to Okay. In Okay, the highway turned east, following present-day SH-251A across Fort Gibson Dam and coming to an end at SH-80. This extension was entirely paved.
In 1958, the jog between Beggs and Jamesville was removed, moving the US-62/64 junction to its present-day location; this portion of highway remained unpaved. The 1961 map shows the entirety of the Beggs—US-62/64 segment as paved, however, the following year's map shows the portion east of the Okmulgee–Muskogee County line as gravel. By 1963 this portion of gravel highway in Muskogee County had apparently been paved.
The highway was extended again in 1961, this time to the west. At that time, SH-16 absorbed the wholly paved SH-27 between Bristow and Drumright, setting its western terminus at its present-day location. SH-16's final extension occurred in 1965, when SH-251A was established and SH-16 was realigned to instead continue north past Okay and terminate at SH-51 in Wagoner. No further changes have been made to the highway since then.

</doc>
<doc id="7049202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049202" title="Fish Island Site">
Fish Island Site

The Fish Island Site is a historic site south of St. Augustine, Florida. It is the site of one of Florida's earliest fruit plantations, and was established by Jesse Fish, from New York, who acquired the property in 1763. The plantation produced oranges, figs, peaches, pomegranates and limes. It is located on the Matanzas River. On June 13, 1972, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="7049203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049203" title="Down Yonder">
Down Yonder

Down Yonder is a popular American song with music and lyrics by L. Wolfe Gilbert. It was first published in 1921, and was introduced in the same year at the Orpheum Theater, New Orleans.
Gilbert had written the lyrics for the 1912 song "Waiting for the Robert E. Lee" (for which Lewis F. Muir wrote the music). In "Down Yonder," Gilbert brought back four of the characters from the earlier song — Daddy, Mammy, Ephram and Sammy. However, the lyrics of "Down Yonder" are seldom heard because the song has usually been performed as an instrumental, especially on the piano or organ.
"Down Yonder" is an expression meaning "down there" in a geographic sense, referring to a place that is considerably lower in elevation or farther south. In the sense of the song's lyrics, it means "in the American South."
Recorded versions.
Before 1951.
Recordings by Ernest Hare &amp; Billy Jones, and by the Peerless Quartet were very popular in 1921.&lt;br&gt;
In 1934, the instrumental version by Gid Tanner &amp; His Skillet Lickers sold over one million copies, and was awarded a gold disc by the RIAA.
1951.
Versions that charted in 1951 included those by Del Wood, Joe "Fingers" Carr, Champ Butler, Lawrence (Piano Roll) Cook, the Freddy Martin orchestra, by the Frank Petty Trio, and Ethel Smith.
On the Cash Box charts, where all versions were combined, the song got even higher, making No. 1 for one week, December 15, 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="7049211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049211" title="Top Up TV Promotional Channel">
Top Up TV Promotional Channel

Top Up TV Promo was a digital television Barker channel broadcast in the United Kingdom to promote services offered by Top Up TV. The channel launched on 18 September 2006, and closed on 6 October 2013. The channel broadcast a looped promotional video, presented by Craig Doyle, advertising Top Up TV's new "Anytime" service. The channel broadcast free to air on digital terrestrial television between 6:00 am and noon each day.
The channel was used in conjunction with MHEG generated Top Up TV Active on channel 107, which is a text-based information service available 24 hours a day, informing viewers how to subscribe, costs and other information.
A similar channel, known as "Top Up TV Sampler", was also broadcast by Top Up TV between December 2004 and February 2005 on channel 36, presented by Alice Beer. It advertised Top Up TV's then-current services, and was broadcast from 4:00 am to 11:00 pm daily. However, in February 2005, it was replaced by pay-per-view channel Xtraview, before itself being removed in August 2005 due to capacity contracts running out with terrestrial broadcaster Channel 4. Xtraview was replaced by encrypted Top Up TV channels previously broadcast on the slot owned by Channel 4, of which are expected to be replaced themselves with new channels launched by Five.

</doc>
<doc id="7049216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049216" title="Kudzu Kings">
Kudzu Kings

Kudzu Kings is an alternative country/roots rock jam band from Oxford, Mississippi. Their first two albums were the self-titled "Kudzu Kings", followed by "Y2Kow", released in 1999. Their sound has been categorized as a blend of country music, bluegrass and improvisational rock &amp; roll. 
History.
The band was actively together and toured aggressively for almost ten years (1994–2003). 
Subsequently, Kudzu Kings played regularly in the Southeast for festivals, benefits, obscure astrological events, or big paychecks to tamper with their unique chemistry. In addition, members worked on various projects, both solo and with other Kudzu members. Some current projects the Kings have sired are Pithecanfunkus Erectus, Tate Moore and the Cosmic Door, Effie Burt Band, Hemptones, Sparkle Pants, Blackbird Hour, and Rocket 88.
In their touring years together, the band garnered substantial success in the Southeast, Colorado, and Texas, in addition to spreading their base to the rest of the nation and Canada with a number of tours. They have shared the stage many times with Widespread Panic (with whom longtime Kudzu guitarist George McConnell eventually joined up with in 2002), as well as with many other artists, including Bob Weir and Rob Wasserman, Leftover Salmon, Jimmie Dale Gilmore and Junior Brown, just to name a few. Kudzu Kings have also welcomed a number of guest musicians to collaborate over the years (sometimes sitting in for several shows for absent members) including Chris Ethridge, Bucky Baxter, John "Jojo" Hermann (of Widespread Panic), Cody Dickinson (of North Mississippi All-Stars), and Tony Furtado.
Band members.
Members include (but not limited to):
Sometimes with:

</doc>
<doc id="7049218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049218" title="Decurrent gills">
Decurrent gills



</doc>
<doc id="7049222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049222" title="Adnate gills">
Adnate gills



</doc>
<doc id="7049223" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049223" title="Jacob Bailey Moore">
Jacob Bailey Moore

Jacob Bailey Moore (October 31, 1797 – September 1, 1853) was an American journalist, printer, newspaper editor and historical writer. He also was elected to the New Hampshire General Court (state legislature) and was deputy postmaster of San Francisco.
Biography.
Moore's ancestors emigrated to the United States from Scotland. His father (born in Georgetown, Maine, September 5, 1772; died in Andover, New Hampshire, January 10, 1813), who had the same name, was a physician. The elder Moore studied medicine, settled in Andover in 1796, and practiced successfully until 1812, when he was appointed surgeon's mate in the United States Army. The elder Moore wrote verses and numerous newspaper articles, and composed several pieces of music that were published in Samuel Holyoke's "Columbian Repository".
Moore was born in 1797 in Andover, New Hampshire. He became an apprentice under Isaac Hill in 1813 and learned the printer's trade at Concord. The two men became partners publishing the "New Hampshire Patriot", but ended their partnership in 1823 due to political differences, Moore being a supporter of John Quincy Adams while Hill supported Andrew Jackson. Moore was one of the founders of the New Hampshire Historical Society (established in 1823) and was that organization's first librarian. Later, he engaged in editorial work and edited the "New Hampshire Journal" from 1826 until 1829, when he was elected sheriff of Merrimack County. He was elected to the state legislature in 1828, but resigned shortly after being elected.
Moore was elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1821. In 1839, he moved to New York City and edited the "Daily Whig". Moore was a clerk employed by the United States Post Office in Washington, D.C., 1841–1845, then returned to New York and served as librarian of the New York Historical Society from 1845 to 1849. In 1850, he was named deputy postmaster of San Francisco by President Millard Fillmore.
Moore's brother Henry Eaton Moore was a composer, and another brother, John Weeks Moore, edited musical publications. Moore married Mary Adams Hill, a sister of Isaac Hill, in 1820—the couple had two daughters and four sons. Of their children, George was an author and librarian, Frank was a journalist, and Charles and another son also named Jacob were granted patents for early calculating machines. Moore died in 1853 at the home of his brother John in Bellows Falls, Vermont. A painting of Moore by Helena Smith Dayton—made in 1947 as a reproduction of an original portrait in the San Francisco Post Office—is in the collection of the New Hampshire Historical Society. Houghton Library at Harvard University has several boxes of Moore's papers in its archives.
Publications.
Moore's numerous publications include:

</doc>
<doc id="7049224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049224" title="Blue Vertigo">
Blue Vertigo

Blue Vertigo is a recording by guitarist Preston Reed, released in 1990.
"Blue Vertigo" marks the first instance of Reed's initiation of his percussive, two-hand tapping guitar style. The first song he composed in this style is "Slap Funk". It is also noteworthy that this recording includes the only cover version Reed had recorded - "I Got You (I Feel Good)" by soul singer James Brown - until his 2007 release "Spirit" included "All The Things You Are", written by Jerome Kern.
"Blue Vertigo" is out of print.
Track listing.
All songs by Preston Reed except as noted.

</doc>
<doc id="7049225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049225" title="Adnexed gills">
Adnexed gills



</doc>
<doc id="7049226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049226" title="God's Top Ten">
God's Top Ten

"God's Top Ten" is a song by Australian band INXS, which was released as the fifth single from their eleventh studio album, "Switch" (November 2005). The album was the first with new lead singer, J.D. Fortune, winner of the "" competition. The single was released in 2006, but only in Poland and Canada as an airplay single, where it peaked at No. 18 and No. 88 respectively.
Song information.
"God's Top Ten" was written by INXS guitarist and keyboardist, Andrew Farriss, and is predominantly about the late INXS frontman Michael Hutchence (1960–1997), his partner, Paula Yates (1959–2000), and their daughter, Tiger Lily. Andrew and Tim Farriss (his brother, on guitar) have both separately said in TV interviews that this song is actually a gift for Tiger. In addition to new lead singer, J. D. Fortune's vocals, "God's Top Ten" also features the vocals of his fellow "" contestant Suzie McNeil. Jane Stevenson of the "Toronto Sun" reviewed "Switch" (November 2005) and described this track "A pretty piano hook kicks off this soulful, strings-laden tribute to [the couple and their daughter] with McNeil and Fortune trading verses and singing together".
During a radio interview with the BBC, Andrew changed the lyrics around to the song from "When you hear his songs, on the radio, I don't need to tell you what you already know" to "When she hears his songs on the radio, I don't need to tell her what she already knows" and also changed "He's on God's top ten, where heaven never ends" to "He's on God's top ten, he'll always be my friend". The term "God's Top Ten" was also used in the band's song "Here Comes", off their album "Shabooh Shoobah". The lyrics read "Here comes my kamikaze, Here comes God's top ten, Nothing to be done to stop it, Nothing to get in its way".

</doc>
<doc id="7049233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049233" title="Manacles rocks">
Manacles rocks



</doc>
<doc id="7049234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049234" title="Free gills">
Free gills



</doc>
<doc id="7049235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049235" title="Joe ´Fingers´ Carr">
Joe ´Fingers´ Carr



</doc>
<doc id="7049237" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049237" title="Joe “Fingers” Carr">
Joe “Fingers” Carr



</doc>
<doc id="7049244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049244" title="William Philips">
William Philips



</doc>
<doc id="7049247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049247" title="Grand Prix du Disque for Instrumental Soloist">
Grand Prix du Disque for Instrumental Soloist



</doc>
<doc id="7049249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049249" title="TVN International">
TVN International

TVN International or iTVN is a Polish pay television channel that was launched in April 2004. It is part of the TVN network and is owned by TVN Warner Bros. Discovery It is aimed at the Polish diaspora living abroad, mainly in Europe and North America. iTVN's programming consists of TV series, newscasts, Polish football matches, movies and entertainment programmes, mostly of Polish origin.
Distribution.
TVN International is available via satellite in the U.S. and Australia, cable in Germany, France, Italy, Qatar, United States, Canada, Brazil, Latin America, Spain and the Caribbean.
As of 30 April 2010, RCN Corporation, a cable provider that provides its services to customers in Boston, New York, Washington DC, Eastern Pennsylvania and Chicago areas, broadcasts iTVN and TVN24 channels on 485 and 486 respectively (958 and 959 in Leigh Valley).
As of July 2011, TVN International started to be carried by Cablevision in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="7049251" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049251" title="Whitfield, Dundee">
Whitfield, Dundee

Whitfield is a residential, social-housing scheme located to the north of Dundee, Scotland. Building of scheme commenced in the 1960s to accommodate Dundee's expanding population. Much of the housing was low rise, deck access flats, innovative for the time, built using the "Skarne" prefabrication system. The construction of the northernmost parts of the scheme, which were almost-exclusively Skarne blocks, continued into the early 1970s.
Between 1989 and 1995 it was one of the four areas chosen for the Scottish Office programme New Life for Urban Scotland. Much of the deck access housing in the area was demolished as the area was remodelled.
In the 2004 Scottish Index of Multiple Deprivation, Whitfield contained two datazones (average population 1,000) in the most deprived 15% of datazones in Scotland.
Whitfield had two high rise tower blocks of flats, both constructed in 1969. In 2003 the tower block housing Quarryfield and Whitfield courts was demolished, and in 2004 the neighbouring tower block which housed Greenfield and Kellyfield courts followed. As of 2006 the area is undergoing redevelopment as part of a redevelopment plan and the area is seeing a rise in population.
Education.
There is one Secondary School in the Whitfield area - Braeview Academy, formerly known as Whitfield High School. There were formerly three Primary Schools within the area; Whitfield Primary School and Newfields Primary School, both of which merged in spring 2012 to become Ballumbie Primary School. There were an additional two primary schools in whitfield named Greenfield Primary in the Aberlady Cres and Kellyfield both of these schools merged to become Newfields there was another school named Saint Mathews behind Dunbar Park. When this school closed it became Springfield private school until it was demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="7049255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049255" title="Lactifluus vellereus">
Lactifluus vellereus

Lactifluus vellereus (formerly Lactarius vellereus), commonly known as the fleecy milk-cap, is a quite large fungus in the genus "Lactifluus". It is one of the two most common milk-caps found with beech trees, with the other being "Lactarius subdulcis".
Taxonomy and systematics.
"Lactifluus vellereus" is one of a handful of north temperate milk caps that belong to the genus "Lactifluus" which has been separated from "Lactarius" on phylogenetic grounds. Its closest species is "L. bertillonii", with which it forms a rather isolated clade in the genus.
Description.
Like other mushrooms in the family Russulaceae, the "L. vellereus" fruit body has crumbly, rather than fibrous, flesh, and when this is broken the fungus exudes a milky latex. The mature caps are white to cream, funnel-shaped, and up to in diameter. It has firm flesh, and a stipe which is shorter than the fruit body is wide. The gills are fairly distant (quite far apart), decurrent, and narrow, and have brown specks from the drying milk. The spore print is white in colour.
"Lactifluus bertillonii" is closely related and very similar, but has hotter milk. Another similar, but phylogenetically distant species is "Lactarius controversus", distinguishable mainly by its white gills and lack of rosy markings on the upper cap.
Distribution and habitat.
The mushroom is found in deciduous woods, from late summer to early winter. It is found in Britain and Europe.
Edibility.
The milk tastes mild on its own, but hot when tasted with the flesh. It is considered inedible because of its peppery taste.

</doc>
<doc id="7049260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049260" title="Fleecy Milk-cap">
Fleecy Milk-cap



</doc>
<doc id="7049264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049264" title="Walter O'Keefe">
Walter O'Keefe

Walter O'Keefe (August 18, 1900 – June 26, 1983) was an American songwriter, actor, syndicated columnist, Broadway composer, radio legend, screenwriter, musical arranger and TV host.
Biography.
O'Keefe was born in Hartford, Connecticut. He attended the College of the Sacred Heart in Wimbledon, London before entering the University of Notre Dame in South Bend, Indiana, in 1916. At Notre Dame, he was a member of the Glee Club and a Class Poet. He graduated cum laude in 1921.
O'Keefe began as a vaudeville performer in the midwest for several years. In 1925, he went to New York City and became a Broadway performer. By 1937, he wrote a syndicated humor column and filled in for such radio personalities as Walter Winchell, Edgar Bergen, Don McNeill and Garry Moore. He was the long-time master of ceremonies of the NBC show "Double or Nothing" from 1947 to 1954 and was a regular on that network's "Monitor" series.
O'Keefe also worked in television, presiding over talk shows and quiz shows for the CBS network. Producers Mark Goodson and Bill Todman hired him for their game show "Two for the Money". When the show's usual host Herb Shriner had other commitments during the summer of 1954, O'Keefe took over for three months. He was the host for the first Emmy Awards ceremony, held on January 25, 1949, at the Hollywood Athletic Club. He replaced the original host, Rudy Vallée after he left town at the last minute.
O'Keefe wrote the musical scores of several Hollywood films. He introduced the popular song "The Daring Young Man on the Flying Trapeze" in 1934, and it became permanently associated with him.
O'Keefe became addicted to alcohol, and sought treatment in Cleveland, Ohio, during the late 1960s.
Death and legacy.
He has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in the category of radio. He died in Torrance, California, of congestive heart failure at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="7049266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049266" title="Hunter (song)">
Hunter (song)



</doc>
<doc id="7049272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049272" title="Świętoszów">
Świętoszów

Świętoszów () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiecznica, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland in the Lower Silesian Wilderness, on the river Kwisa. It lies approximately north of Osiecznica, north-west of Bolesławiec, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
History.
In the Early Middle Ages the region was inhabited by the Bobrzanie tribe, one of the Slavic Lechitic tribes, and it became part of the emerging Polish state under its first historic ruler Mieszko I in the 10th century. Probably in the 14th century a forge was established at the site of the village, however the village itself was founded after 1550.
In the 1898 the German Army created a large training ground () here. In World War I it was the site of a large prisoner-of-war camp for Russian soldiers. After 1919, Polish Silesian insurgents were held in the camp. In August 1939 the ground was the scene of a military air disaster () when 13 Stuka dive bombers of the Luftwaffe flew into the ground in low-lying cloud. In 1941 the Bergmann Battalion and Nachtigall Battalion trained in Neuhammer. In World War II another POW camp Stalag VIII-E was built here, to house Polish and French prisoners. In 1942 they were replaced with Soviet prisoners, and the camp was placed under the administration of Stalag VIII-C near Żagań. At least 50,000 Soviet prisoners died here from disease, starvation and inhumane treatment, the last 200 of them killed as traitors after the war by the NKVD. A Red Army base until 1992, today it is the site of a Polish Army base, and since January 2017 also the NATO forces.
Sports.
The local football club is Twardy Świętoszów, which competes in the lower leagues, reaching the III liga (fourth tier) in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="7049284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049284" title="Grand Prix du Disque for Lyric Music">
Grand Prix du Disque for Lyric Music



</doc>
<doc id="7049305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049305" title="Diesel electric locomotive">
Diesel electric locomotive



</doc>
<doc id="7049310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049310" title="Zhonghua Secondary School">
Zhonghua Secondary School

Zhonghua Secondary School (ZHSS) is a co-educational government autonomous secondary school in Serangoon, Singapore. Founded in 1911 as Chung Hwa Girls' High School, the school has retained its Chinese heritage despite transforming into an English-medium government school in 1990.
History.
Chung Hwa Girls' High School (1911 - 1984).
Zhonghua Secondary School was established on 15 September 1911 as a Chinese-medium girls' school in response to Sun Yat-sen's suggestion for schools to be established for girls. It was the first Chinese-medium girls' school in Singapore, founded by Tay Peng Teng, Puan Yeow Pong and the Chinese community. The school initially operated at the site at Mohamad Sultan Road.
In 1925, it moved to Niven Road and was formally named Chung Hwa Girls' School, providing both elementary and high school education. Lessons were disrupted with the Japanese occupation of Singapore in 1942. In the initial years of resuming education, lessons for high school section were conducted at Nan Chiau Girls' High School in River Valley for between 1947 and early 1951 as a deliberate measure to ease overpopulation. In 1951, the high school section was separated from the elementary school section to cope with increased enrolment, and was renamed as Chung Hwa Girls' High School. A new campus along Bartley Road was officially launched in the same year. The school became government-aided in 1957.
In 1978, Chung Hwa Girls' High was initially included in the list of 12 newly accorded Special Assistance Plan schools. However, Chung Hwa Girls' High School was dropped from the list with the amendments made by the Ministry of Education over the surplus of school places, which left the scheme to proceed with only nine schools.
Chung Hwa Girls' High School faced a massive decline in enrolment towards the end of the 1970s, as English-medium integrated schools gained prevalence. In 1980, English-medium classes were introduced. A deliberate decision was made to allow enrolment of male students from January 1984 and to incorporate into a government school, which transferred the supervision of all aspects of the institution to the state. Following the changes, the school was renamed as "Chung Hwa High School".
Transitioning into a modern institution.
In 1987, the school moved to Serangoon New Town along Serangoon Avenue 4 and was formally renamed as Zhonghua Secondary School to reflect its status as a government school. Zhonghua Secondary School was accorded autonomous status in 1996. In December 1999, the school commenced operation at a new school complex along Serangoon Avenue 3 costing an estimated S$23 million. In August 2005, the Centre for Excellence (COE) for Visual Arts is opened in the school. A multi-purpose sports complex was added to the campus in 2008. 
Identity and culture.
Crest.
The crest of Zhonghua Secondary School underwent changes after the change from a girls' school to a co-educational school in 1984, and a subsequent rename in 1987. The full name of the school originally superimposed on the crest was dropped, using instead the shortened name of the school. The English name of the school was added to the crest since 1987. The current crest features the name of the school written in Traditional Chinese characters over a begonia leaf background. The colour green signifies freshness, youth, growth, life, vitality and resilience. The colour white is the emblem of purity, virtue and brightness. Students are encouraged to represent qualities of the Begonia leaf, in particular - to be steadfast, strong, determined and decisive. Students are also encouraged to cultivate qualities such as excellence, endurance, hope and goodness. The shape of the leaf resembles the geographical features of mainland China, which reflects the heritage of the school as an institution set up by Chinese nationalists during the revolution period.
Uniform.
The uniform of Zhonghua Secondary School was a modified and modernised variation of its original uniform. Formerly, girls wore white shirts with below-the-knee pleated skirts while boys wore a full white uniform, with the metal school badge pinned on at the left chest level. The uniform was redesigned in 2002 following strong advocations by the student body, with major changes to the girl's uniform.
Currently, girls wear white shirts with the school logo sewn at the left chest level, complemented by a green skirt. The full white uniform for boys was retained, featuring a white shirt with white shorts for lower secondary levels and white long pants for upper secondary levels.
Academic information.
Being a government secondary school, Zhonghua Secondary School offers three academic streams, namely the four-year Express course, as well as the Normal Course, comprising Normal (Academic) and Normal (Technical) academic tracks.
O Level Express Course.
The Express Course is a nationwide four-year programme that leads up to the Singapore-Cambridge GCE Ordinary Level examination.
Normal Course.
The Normal Course is a nationwide 4-year programme leading to the Singapore-Cambridge GCE Normal Level examination, which runs either the Normal (Academic) curriculum or Normal (Technical) curriculum, abbreviated as N(A) and N(T) respectively.
Normal (Academic) Course.
A 5th year leading to the Singapore-Cambridge GCE Ordinary Level examination is available to N(A) students who perform well in their Singapore-Cambridge GCE Normal Level examination. Students can move from one course to another based on their performance and the assessment of the school principal and teachers.
Normal (Technical) Course.
The Normal (Technical) course prepares students for a technical-vocational education at the Institute of Technical Education. Students will offer 5-7 subjects in the Singapore-Cambridge GCE Normal Level examination. The curriculum is tailored towards strengthening students' proficiency in English and Mathematics. Students take English Language, Mathematics, Basic Mother Tongue and Computer Applications as compulsory subjects.

</doc>
<doc id="7049312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049312" title="Ernie Armstrong">
Ernie Armstrong



</doc>
<doc id="7049313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049313" title="Preston Reed (album)">
Preston Reed (album)



</doc>
<doc id="7049316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049316" title="Adonis Terry">
Adonis Terry

William H. "Adonis" Terry (August 7, 1864 – February 24, 1915) was an American Major League Baseball player whose career spanned from his debut with the Brooklyn Atlantics in , to the Chicago Colts in . In his 14 seasons, he compiled a 197-196 win–loss record, winning 20 or more games in a season four different times.
Career.
Brooklyn.
Born in Westfield, Massachusetts, Terry began his professional career with the minor league Brooklyn Grays in , who won the Interstate Championship that season. The following season, the team was admitted into the American Association as the Brooklyn Atlantics, and he stayed with the team. In that season, the team finished in ninth place, and his win–loss record reflected that. Although his record was 19-35, he led the team with an earned run average of 3.55, and struck out 230 hitters.
Over the next three seasons, Terry had average-to-good seasons, had a combined record of 40 wins and 49 losses, even throwing a no-hitter against the St. Louis Browns on July 24, 1886. But it was not until that he turned into a star pitcher. In that season, he had a 13-8 record, a 2.03 ERA, and tossed his second no-hitter, this time against the Louisville Colonels on May 27, 1888.
In , the team won the American Association championship with Terry winning 22 games. He pitched five games, winning two, in the "World Series" after the season with the New York Giants, a series that Brooklyn lost six games to three. The Bridegrooms joined the National League in , and again finished first behind Terry's 26-16 record and the team tied the Louisville team of the American Association in the World Series with three wins and three losses each and one tie. The season turned out to be a disappointment for both Brooklyn and Terry, as the team finished in sixth place and Terry record fell to 6-16 and a 4.22 ERA.
Pittsburgh.
On June 10, 1892, Brooklyn released Terry, and was quickly signed by the Baltimore Orioles on June 14. He played just one game for Baltimore, a complete games loss, and was then traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates on June 17 in exchange for Cub Stricker. He pitched well in his 2-plus seasons for Pittsburgh, winning 18 games in and 12 more in .
Chicago.
In , he changed teams for the last time. After pitching in one game for the Pirates, he was then picked up by the Chicago Colts and had moderate success in his four seasons with them. He went on to win 21 games in and 15 more in .
On July 13, 1896, he had the unfortunate distinction of giving up all four home runs to Philadelphia Phillie hall-of-Famer Ed Delahanty in a game played at the old West Side Grounds. Pitching the complete game, he and his Colts were able to prevail, winning the game 9-8. He played only one game the following season in , a complete-game loss, before his career came to end.
His career totals include a 197 wins and 196 losses, a 3.74 ERA, and 1,553 strikeouts in 3,514.1 innings pitched. He was also a versatile player, often playing other positions, including 216 games in the outfield, with games also played at shortstop, first base and third base.
Post-career.
Umpiring.
After his Major League career was over, he became an umpire for 39 games in the National League season. He had filled the umpire position from time to time during his playing days. In total, he umpired 51 games, 48 of them as the home plate umpire, as the custom was that there was only one umpire used in each game.
Death.
Adonis is the honoree of old-time baseball events that are held in his hometown of Westfield, such as the group Westfield Wheelmen Vintage Base Ball Club. Terry died in Milwaukee, Wisconsin at the age of 50 from an episode of pneumonia, and was cremated.

</doc>
<doc id="7049329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049329" title="Isaac Bell House">
Isaac Bell House

The Isaac Bell House is a historic house and National Historic Landmark at 70 Perry Street (at the corner with Bellevue Avenue) in Newport, Rhode Island. Also known as Edna Villa, it is one of the outstanding examples of Shingle Style architecture in the United States. It was designed by McKim, Mead, and White, and built during the Gilded Age, when Newport was the summer resort of choice for some of America's wealthiest families.
History.
Isaac Bell Jr. was a successful cotton broker and investor, and the brother-in-law of James Gordon Bennett Jr., publisher of the "New York Herald". Bell hired the New York architectural firm of McKim, Mead, and White (Charles Follen McKim, William R. Mead, and Stanford White) to design his summer cottage. Known in Newport for designing Newport Casino, and later in Boston for designing Boston Public Library, they also designed Pennsylvania Station in New York City. Construction took place between 1881 and 1883.
Shingle Style was pioneered by Henry Hobson Richardson in his design for the William Watts Sherman House, also in Newport. This style of Victorian architecture, featuring the extensive use of wooden shingles on the exterior, acquired some popularity in the late nineteenth century. The Isaac Bell House exemplifies this through its unpainted wood shingles, simple window and trim detail, and multiple porches. It combines elements of the English Arts and Crafts movement philosophy, colonial American detailing, and features a Japanese-inspired open floor plan and bamboo-style porch columns. Interior features include inglenook fireplaces, natural rattan wall coverings, wall paneling and narrow-band wooden floors.
During its life, the house has variously been divided into apartments and served as a nursing home. With the help of Carol Chiles Ballard, the house was bought in 1994 by the Preservation Society of Newport County, which won awards for its restoration, and now operates it as a museum.
The Isaac Bell House was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="7049330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049330" title="Leabra">
Leabra

Leabra stands for local, error-driven and associative, biologically realistic algorithm. It is a model of learning which is a balance between Hebbian and error-driven learning with other network-derived characteristics. This model is used to mathematically predict outcomes based on inputs and previous learning influences. Leabra is heavily influenced by and contributes to neural network designs and models, including emergent.
Background.
It is the default algorithm in "emergent" (successor of PDP++) when making a new project, and is extensively used in various simulations.
Hebbian learning is performed using conditional principal components analysis (CPCA) algorithm with correction factor for sparse expected activity levels.
Error-driven learning is performed using GeneRec, which is a generalization of the recirculation algorithm, and approximates Almeida–Pineda recurrent backpropagation. The symmetric, midpoint version of GeneRec is used, which is equivalent to the contrastive Hebbian learning algorithm (CHL). See O'Reilly (1996; Neural Computation) for more details.
The activation function is a point-neuron approximation with both discrete spiking and continuous rate-code output.
Layer or unit-group level inhibition can be computed directly using a k-winners-take-all (KWTA) function, producing sparse distributed representations. A feedforward and feedback (FFFB) form of inhibition has now replaced the KWTA form of inhibition. FFFB inhibition can be efficiently implemented by using the average excitatory input and activity levels in a given layer.
The net input is computed as an average, not a sum, over connections, based on normalized, sigmoidally transformed weight values, which are subject to scaling on a connection-group level to alter relative contributions. Automatic scaling is performed to compensate for differences in expected activity level in the different projections.
Documentation about this algorithm can be found in the book "Computational Explorations in Cognitive Neuroscience: Understanding the Mind by Simulating the Brain" published by MIT press. and in the Emergent Documentation 
Overview of the leabra algorithm.
The pseudocode for Leabra is given here, showing exactly how the pieces of the algorithm described in more detail in the subsequent sections fit together.
 Iterate over minus and plus phases of settling for each event.
 o At start of settling, for all units:
 - Initialize all state variables (activation, v_m, etc).
 - Apply external patterns (clamp input in minus, input &amp; output in
 plus).
 - Compute net input scaling terms (constants, computed
 here so network can be dynamically altered).
 - Optimization: compute net input once from all static activations
 (e.g., hard-clamped external inputs).
 o During each cycle of settling, for all non-clamped units:
 - Compute excitatory netinput (g_e(t), aka eta_j or net)
 -- sender-based optimization by ignoring inactives.
 - Compute kWTA inhibition for each layer, based on g_i^Q:
 * Sort units into two groups based on g_i^Q: top k and
 remaining k+1 -&gt; n.
 * If basic, find k and k+1th highest
 If avg-based, compute avg of 1 -&gt; k &amp; k+1 -&gt; n.
 * Set inhibitory conductance g_i from g^Q_k and g^Q_k+1
 - Compute point-neuron activation combining excitatory input and
 inhibition
 o After settling, for all units, record final settling activations
 as either minus or plus phase (y^-_j or y^+_j).
 After both phases update the weights (based on linear current
 weight values), for all connections:
 o Compute error-driven weight changes with CHL with soft weight bounding
 o Compute Hebbian weight changes with CPCA from plus-phase activations
 o Compute net weight change as weighted sum of error-driven and Hebbian
 o Increment the weights according to net weight change.
Implementations.
Emergent is the original implementation of Leabra; its most recent implementation is written in Go. It was written chiefly by Dr. O'Reilly, but professional software engineers were recently hired to improve the existing codebase. This is the fastest implementation, suitable for constructing large networks. Although "emergent" has a graphical user interface, it is very complex and has a steep learning curve.
If you want to understand the algorithm in detail, it will be easier to read non-optimized code. For this purpose, check out the MATLAB version. There is also an R version available, that can be easily installed via codice_1 in R and has a short introduction to how the package is used. The MATLAB and R versions are not suited for constructing very large networks, but they can be installed quickly and (with some programming background) are easy to use. Furthermore, they can also be adapted easily.

</doc>
<doc id="7049333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049333" title="Subdecurrent gills">
Subdecurrent gills



</doc>
<doc id="7049336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049336" title="Sinuate gills">
Sinuate gills



</doc>
<doc id="7049337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049337" title="Grand Prix du Disque for Modern Music">
Grand Prix du Disque for Modern Music



</doc>
<doc id="7049340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049340" title="Emarginate gills">
Emarginate gills



</doc>
<doc id="7049347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049347" title="Albanian mafia">
Albanian mafia

Albanian mafia or Albanian organized crime () are the general terms used for criminal organizations based in Albania or composed of ethnic Albanians. Albanian organized crime is active mostly in Europe and South America, but also in various other parts of the world, including the Middle East and Asia. The Albanian criminal groups participate in a diverse range of criminal enterprises including trafficking in drugs, arms, and humans. Due to their close ties with the 'Ndrangheta of Calabria, they control a large part of the billion dollar wholesale cocaine market in Europe and appear to be the primary distributors of cocaine in various European drug hubs including London. Albanian organized crime is characterized by diversified criminal enterprises which, in their complexity, demonstrate a very high criminal capacity.
The Albanian criminal groups has monopolized various international affiliations, from as far east as Israel to as far west as South America. These reports primarily indicate a strong connection between politicians and various Albanian crime groups. According to the Research Institute for European and American Studies (RIEAS), Albanian crime groups are hybrid organizations (i.e. composed of people from various sectors of society), and are often involved in both criminal and political activities.
The Albanian mafia constitutes one of the highest crime generating elements in the world, combining the "traditional" characteristics of organized crime – its rigid internal discipline, its clan structure, its "endogamic closure" (marrying within the organization) which increases the organization's impermeability, and its internal cohesion – with modern and innovative characteristics, such as transnationality. The massive logistic capacity and the diverse nature of Albanian organized crime has facilitated its establishment outside the mother country and its integration with local criminal elements.
History.
With the fall of communism in Albania in the early 1990s and the transition to democracy, Albania went through severe political and economic instability. The country faced an economic crisis, and many citizens turned to illicit activities to survive. It was in this environment that the Albanian mafia began to structure itself and expand, particularly in areas like drug trafficking, smuggling, prostitution and human trafficking.
The Albanian mafia took advantage of the lack of government control, the collapse of institutions, and widespread poverty. Proximity to other countries in the region, such as Italy, Greece, and the former Yugoslavia, also helped establish international connections. Many mafia members were involved in the heroin trade from Asia to Europe, as well as arms trafficking and other criminal activities.
In the 1990s and 2000s, Albanian criminal organizations began expanding into other countries, particularly Western Europe. Italy, in particular, became a key focus for the Albanian mafia, with criminal groups present mostly in Central and Northern Italy, in cities like Milan and Rome. The Albanian mafia became involved in drug trafficking, especially heroin and cocaine, and arms trafficking, often collaborating with other international criminal organizations. Albanian criminal groups were highly organized and operated very discreetly, making it difficult for authorities to intervene. Violence, extortion, and threats were frequently used as means of control.
Albanian criminal groups are known for its decentralized structure, with multiple families or clans operating independently but sharing common goals. These clans operate in transnational networks and are famous for their brutality, loyalty among members, and tight control over their criminal activities. Additionally, the Albanian mafia is notorious for its ability to infiltrate legal and political institutions, using corruption to protect its operations. They are highly efficient in drug trafficking, often employing sophisticated methods of transportation and distribution.
Structure and composition.
Clan hierarchy.
The typical structure of the Albanian crime groups is hierarchical. A family clan is referred to as a "fis" or a "fare." Families contain an executive committee known as a "Bajrak" and select a high-ranking member for each unit. A unit is led by a "Krye" or "Boss" who selects "Kryetar" or "Underbosses" to serve under them. The Kryetar will then choose a "Mik" or "Friend" who acts as a liaison to members and is responsible for coordinating unit activities.
According to Altin Dumani, Tirana's Anti-Crime Prosecutor's Office Chief, "Albanian criminal groups are characterized by close family and social ties, but without a clear hierarchy. They operate mainly in small groups and in collaboration with local organizations or with other structured Albanian criminal groups."
Membership.
According to Ioannis Michaletos, the family structure is characterised by a strong inner discipline, which is achieved by means of punitive action for every deviation from internal rules. Punishment ensures fear, and fear guarantees unconditional loyalty to the family. Provisions within the family structure allow official laws to be considered secondary, unimportant, and non-binding. Since crime groups are based on blood relations, the number of clan members are limited, and bonds between them tend to be very strong. As a result, infiltrating into the Albanian crime groups is almost impossible. Members of other ethnic groups can be accepted only to execute one time or secondary jobs. The Albanian crime clans are organised in 4–6 or more levels; such a structure enables them to preserve the organisational action capability even in case some of its members or groups are captured.
Rituals and codes of conduct.
Besa.
The Albanian mafia uses the term "besa", meaning "trust", as a name for their "code of honor". During the recruitment process a member inducted into the Albanian mafia is required to take an oath. The oath is then considered sacred because it is defined as a Besë. Besa is extremely important in Albanian culture, and is considered a verbal contract of trust. Especially in North Albania, when somebody gives someone their Besë, they have given someone their life and are going to protect someone with their life.
Organized crime became widespread in Albania during the early 1990s, after the fall of communism. Blackmail, intimidation and racketeering became commonplace. A 2003 report by the Office of the Special Coordinator of the Stability Pact for South-Eastern Europe remarks that "Albania is the paradise for the illegal trade. Neither state nor police present problem for the drug chiefs: you can buy politicians and it is not rare when a leader of the criminal gang works in some state institution". Albanian crime groups are often involved in both criminal and political activities in order to influence political developments. Albanian Prime Ministers Sali Berisha and Edi Rama have both been linked to organized crime groups in Albania.
International activity.
The Albanian mafia is a prominent organized crime group that operates internationally, with a strong presence primarily in Europe, but also in South America, North America and parts of Asia. Its international criminal activities include drug trafficking, human trafficking, arms smuggling, money laundering, and various other illicit enterprises. The group is known for its ability to infiltrate legitimate businesses and has established connections with other transnational criminal organizations, such as the 'Ndrangheta and the other Italian crime groups. The Albanian mafia's influence in global criminal networks continues to grow, making it one of the most feared and well-established criminal groups worldwide.
Albania experienced a rise in gangs and the drug trade following the economic collapse during the 1990s, caused by the pyramid schemes in 1997. The economy's reliance on drug trade and smuggling has led the country to be declared as Europe's only narco-state.
China.
The Albanian mafia has extended its activities into China, which was discovered after Chinese authorities uncovered Albanian mafia activity including drug trafficking and prostitution networks. Reports state that the Albanian gangs are involved in drug transporting to various Chinese cities. Further, after smuggling the drugs, they are involved in human smuggling of Chinese nationals to Europe.
Israel.
The Israeli government has confirmed its concern that Albanian criminal groups has spread its influence in the country's banking system. The Israeli intelligence agency has called for a close cooperation between Israel and Albania to combat money laundering. Justice Ministry General Manager, Dr. Guy Rotkopf noted; "this is an important step in international cooperation between our countries to combat money laundering with the force of law and to deepen relations between Israel and other countries."
Australia.
A lengthy News Corp Australia investigation has found that an Albanian crime group—led by some of Australia's most wanted men—have established "entrenched infiltration" of almost every level of Australian society and according to Australian Federal Police:
European Organised Crime, primarily the Albanian Mafia is now one of the largest organised crime threats to Australia, so entrenched and disciplined and influential in local communities it has made this a serious challenge to crack.
The mostly Australian run group, led by former Kings Cross identity Vaso Ulić, a Montenegrin immigrant who left Australia in 2005 never to return, was now networked to become one of the biggest transnational crime groups in the world importing six tonnes a year into Australia alone but many more to and from other destinations from South Africa to Europe, China, Nigeria and the Americas with law enforcers from notably the United Kingdom, United States and Italy involved in their pursuance.
Vaso Ulic is a 55-year-old ethnic Montenegrin who migrated to Australia in 1979 and within a few years was working as a small-time foot soldier running drugs and cash along the infamous Golden Mile of Kings Cross but who is now seen as a kingpin of an organisation so big, very few drug consignments enter Australia without his knowledge or permission.
It has been confirmed the prosecutions office in Montenegro, where Ulic is residing, has an extensive file on Ulic and other figures in the country as part of an international arrest warrant to break the cartel up.
An internal police assessment relayed to the Federal Government claims their criminality now extends worldwide with direct Australian-Albanian Organised Crime links to notorious Mexican and Colombian clans and cartels and Asian triads including the 14K group, South African crime lords and Italian and Dutch criminal groups, with predominantly Melbourne, Sydney, Queensland, South Australia &amp; Tasmania using motorcycle gangs as part of the national distribution &amp; enforcement network for the Albanians.
Europe.
Belgium.
The Albanian mafia has deep roots in Belgium, and was a topic of a special programme on Belgian RTBF Channel One. Reporters tried to investigate the roots of Albanian organised crime but have complained that it is too difficult to penetrate the structure and organisation of the Albanian crime groups, although they agreed that the Albanian mafia acts on the model of the Italian one, whose crime is part of the "activities of entire families" and which has a clearly defined
hierarchy.
In 1989, former Belgian Prime Minister Paul Vanden Boeynants was kidnapped in a plot organised by Basri Bajrami. Bajrami was acknowledged by authorities as a member of the Albanian mafia at that time.
The Albanian crime groups in Brussels has monopoly over activities such as "narcotics and arms deals", according to Belgian sources. In Antwerp, the Kosovar-Albanian crime groups are affiliated with the Hells Angels and has rivalled Russian and Ukrainian mafia groups for control of the prostitution and racketeering market.
Safet Bajri also known as "Safet Rustemi" is considered by Belgian authorities as a top criminal, involved in drug trafficking business and active between the country and Albania.
France.
The Albanian mafia in France is described as having a monopoly over many criminal transactions including arms and drug trafficking. The Albanian mafia has a strong foothold in France, which is a key strategy as other primary transactions are overseen in neighbouring countries by different crime families and clans. French media has stated that "In many cities of France, there is a network of the Albanian mafia who are involved in narcotics trafficking and prostitution. It is a highly organized network and is very difficult to find their roots and penetrate it".
Germany.
The Albanian mafia is involved in smuggling heroin and cocaine into Germany in collusion with Italian, Armenian and Chechen mafia groups. The Osmani Brothers are, according to the German Federal Intelligence Service (Bundesnachrichtendienst), the "most important figures of organized crime in Hamburg and other cities in Germany".
Greece.
A 2013 report by the Greek security services and Greek police on Albanian organized crime in the Hellenic Republic concluded that the Albanian crime groups controls approximately fifty percent of human trafficking, eighty percent of the retail distribution of heroin, and ninety percent of the importation of illegal small arms in Greece, and that about fifty percent of armed robberies of homes and businesses in the country were committed by Albanians. The analysis also drew links between Albanian nationalism and organized crime.
Italy.
The geographic vicinity, the accessibility to the EU through Italy, and the ties with the Calabrian and Apulia criminality have all contributed to the expansion of the Albanian criminality on the Italian scenario.
Further factors relative to the economy have rendered the Albanian criminality even more competitive. In fact, some organisations which reached Italy in the early 1990s, infiltrated the Lombardy narco-traffic network run by the 'ndrangheta. Albanian mafia leaders have reached stable agreements with the Italian criminal organisations, also with the mafia, so have gained legitimacy in many illegal circuits, diversifying their activities to avoid reasons of conflict with similar host structures. So, Albanian drug trafficking has emerged in Apulia, Sicily, Calabria and Campania, expanding its drug trafficking operations also in Lazio, Lombardy and Emilia-Romagna. The Albanian mafia is highly involved in the drug trafficking in Rome, being considered by the investigations as one of the most important organizations active in the Italian capital. In towns on the outskirts of Rome, in particular in Velletri, the Albanians were also considered for a time to be the main organization dedicated to drug trafficking. One of the most notorious and important criminals of the Albanian mafia operating in and around Rome was Elvis Demce, arrested in 2022 and sentenced to 18 years in jail. 
The Albanian mafia is very active in the drug business in the city of Bari, where it established alliances with the city's crime groups, in particular with the Strisciuglio clan. Albanian criminal groups are also responsible for trafficking weapons of war into Bari and its province. Among the figures of the Albanian mafia operating in Bari is Aleksander Hodaj, responsible for massive heroin trafficking between Albania and the city.
Among the most important Albanian mobsters active in Italy are: Arben Zogu: boss of a drug trafficking crime group active in Rome. Ismail Rebeshi: drug lord active in the city of Viterbo and in its province. Ermal Arapaj: drug lord active in the region of Lazio. Dorian Petoku: one of the most notorious Albanian drug traffickers active in Rome. Janku Kristo Dhimitraq also known as "Janku Kristo", born in 1969, involved in a big drug trafficking scheme with the Barese Strisciuglio clan.
Trading route.
The Albanian mafia reportedly uses specific trading routes to transport narcotics and illegal immigrants to Italy. Their southern route is via Montenegro and Albania. Access is then gained to Italy by boat.
Sicilian Mafia – Cosa Nostra.
Since the beginning of the 1990s, Italy has been clamping down hard on the Sicilian Mafia. According to the deputy director of the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), at the end of the 1990s the mafia sought to survive this crackdown by forming a "symbiotic" relationship with the Albanian crime families known as "fares", who provided the struggling Sicilians a hand in a number of services in their operations across Italy. Today, both Sicilian mafia groups and the 'Ndrangheta are believed to have franchised out prostitution, gambling, and drug dealing in territories along the Adriatic coast to the Albanians. One CSIS report even claimed that this partnership had proved so successful that the Sicilian mafia established a 'headquarters' in Vlorë, a coastal town in southern Albania at the close of the 1990s.
Albanian clandestine immigrants started arriving at Italian ports in 1991. By 1997, the immigration had come under the control of the Albanian and Italian criminal groups, tightening relationships between them. The Albanian criminal gangs have recently created in Sicily relations of interest with the Cosa Nostra.
Sacra Corona Unita.
The Albanian mafia seems to have established good working relationships with the Italian organized crime groups, On 27 July 1999 police in Durrës (Albania), with Italian assistance arrested one of the godfathers of the "Sacra Corona Unita", one of the main crime groups based in the region of Apulia. This Albanian link seems to confirm that the Sacra Corona Unita and the Albanian mafia are "partners" in Apulia and delegate several criminal activities. Thus, in many areas of Italy, the market for cannabis, prostitution, and smuggling is run mainly by Albanians.
Camorra.
Roberto Saviano, the Italian writer, an expert on the Napolitan Camorra in particular and the Italian mafia in general, spoke of the Albanian mafia as a "no longer foreign mafia" to Italy and stressed that the Albanians and Italians have a "brotherly" relationship between each other. Saviano notes that the Camorra form greater affinity with the Albanian crime families than with other criminal groups from Eastern Europe.
According to the Direzione Investigativa Antimafia, the Albanian mafia has alliances with many Camorra clans, including with the Mazzarella clan and the Amato-Pagano clan, both from Naples and with the Serino clan, from Salerno.
'Ndrangheta.
In an Albanian television station Top Channel TV, Saviano went on to say that the Albanian and Italian factions are "one of the same", and that they don't consider each other as foreigners. Links to Calabria's mafia, the Ndrangheta, exist in Northern Italy. Several key figures of the Albanian mafia seem to reside frequently in the Calabrian towns of Africo, Platì, and Bovalino (Italy), fiefs of the 'Ndrangheta.\
According to the German Federal Intelligence Service, the Bundesnachrichtendienst (BND), in a leaked report to a Berlin newspaper, states that the 'Ndrangheta "act in close cooperation with Albanian crime groups in moving weapons and narcotics across Europe's porous borders".
Società foggiana.
According to numerous reports, the brutal criminal organisation from Foggia, known as the Società foggiana has several contacts with the Albanian mafia, particularly regarding to the drug trafficking business, also creating drugs routes from Albania to Foggia. In 2020 the Italian police noticed that there is a scheme in the city of San Severo, in the Province of Foggia, between the Albanians and the Società foggiana.
Netherlands.
According to Dutch police, Albanian crime groups lead the importation of cocaine from South America, the transshipment via the port of Rotterdam, and the further distribution to other European countries from Amsterdam. In addition to cocaine trafficking, the Albanian mafia in the Netherlands is also engaged in human trafficking and property fraud. In June 2019, the government of the Netherlands requested the suspension of visa-free travel for Albanians, citing claims the Albanian mafia is free to move across Europe because of the visa-free European Union regime.
Scandinavia.
Kosovar-Albanian criminals first immigrated to Scandinavia during the Kosovo War of the late 1990s. The Albanian mafia, along with the Serbian mafia, controls heroin, weapon and sex trafficking in Denmark, Norway and Sweden. Law enforcement authorities estimate that various Albanian crime groups may each smuggle as much as 440 pounds of heroin a year into Scandinavia. Albanian crime groups in the region are also involved in armed robberies and heists. According to Kim Kliver, chief investigator for organised crime with the Danish National Police, "The ethnic Albanian mafia is very powerful and extremely violent. If you compare them to the Italian Mafia, the Albanians are stronger and not afraid of killing."
Naser Xhelili was coined by Swedish authorities as the "Albanian Connection" in Sweden. The Xhelili clan operations include drugs and arms trafficking in and around Sweden.
Spain.
According to Spanish authorities, the Albanian mafia is composed of powerful organised factions. In a report by Spanish authorities, the factions have infiltrated banks and industrial estates. They are very active in Madrid and Costa Del Sol. Fejzulla Haredin, a drug baron and head of a Kosovar-Albanian criminal organization, was on the list of 'Europe's Most Wanted' criminals until his arrest in Madrid in 2024.
Switzerland.
Geneva Deputy Public Prosecutors state that the Albanian mafia is one of the most powerful ones among eight identified mafias in the world. The Geneva deputy public prosecutors also added that the Albanian mafia "is laundering a part of income in Geneva economy, restaurants, bars, real estate and cabarets".
United Kingdom.
Albanian gangs are believed to be largely behind sex trafficking, migrant smuggling, as well as working with Turkish gangs in Southend-on-Sea, who control the heroin trade in the United Kingdom. Although specifically known for sex trafficking, particularly in the UK, it's been said that the Albanian mafia's primary illegal business in Europe and the UK in terms of profit margins is now cocaine trafficking.
In 2012, Vice squad officers estimated that "Albanians now control more than 75 per cent of the country's brothels and their operations in London's Soho alone are worth more than £15 million a year." They were said to be present in every big city in the UK as well as in many smaller ones including Telford and Lancaster, after having fought off rival criminals in turf wars. Associate groups within the organizations are said to hide their criminal activities within restaurants, bars, and clubs in an attempt to remain undercover.
Albanian gangsters were also involved in the largest cash robbery in British crime history, the £53 million Securitas heist in 2006.
According to the Scottish Crime and Drug Enforcement Agency (SCDEA), Albanian crime groups have muscled in on the drug and vice trades within the Scottish underworld. The SCDEA notes that Albanian crime groups have established a foothold in arms and drugs trafficking in Scotland.
Albanian mafia in the UK is heavily involved in prostitution and together with Turkish mafia control more than 70% of prostitution market in London.
In the last few years Albanian mafia was involved more in drug trafficking (Hellbanianz) than in prostitution and they sold more than 500,000 kilograms of drugs in London alone. Due to their expansive and deep involvement in drug trading, the Albanian Mafia has climbed its way to the top of a five billion euro market (US$5.3 billion). The group uses its connections in South America to ship high quality, low price cocaine, heroin, and marijuana to European counties, specifically the United Kingdom. An article in The Guardian noted that "the latest UK criminal threat assessment says that the Albanians are unusually skilled at developing relationships and 'forging links with other OCGs [organized crime gangs].'" The cooperation between Albanians and other existing groups has aided in the rapid growth of drug trafficking throughout the United Kingdom's residential regions.
In November 2023, an Albanian criminal organization led by brothers Edmund and Edward Haziri faced a Police raid. A smartphone was recovered and law enforcement bypassed the Lock screen unlocking troves of sensitive information related to their operations.
In April 2024, The Times newspaper claimed that the money from Albanian gangs' drugs trade in the UK was turning Tirana into a 'miniature Dubai'. 
Among the most important Albanian criminals in UK are: Luan Plakici: the "Vice King" of the Albanian crime groups in the UK who was jailed for 10 years (later increased to 23 years) for trafficking women after promising them good jobs, Erald Mema a notorious drug trafficker and Fatjon Dauti also a drug trafficker. 
North America.
Canada.
The Albanian mafia is firmly established in Canadian cities, such as Toronto, Montreal and Vancouver. Albanians are involved in various white collar activities, such as real estate and health care fraud. Furthermore, they are engaged in cross-border activity between the United States and Canada, which includes drug smuggling and money laundering.
A Canadian Security Intelligence Service report noted that although organised crime in Canada has shifted to more multi-ethnic and loosely based structures, the term "mafia" is used only to identify the "big three," which have hierarchical structures that are ethnically, racially, and culturally homogeneous: the Italian, Albanian, and Russian mafias.
United States.
In the United States, the term "Albanian Mafia" may include or refer specifically to various Albanian-American organized crime groups, such as the Rudaj Organization and the Albanian Boys, both based in New York City. Albanian criminals started to be active in the country in the mid-80s, mostly participating in low-level crimes, such as burglaries and robberies. Later, most of those Albanian gangs would become affiliated with Cosa Nostra crime families before eventually growing strong enough to operate their own organisations.
The Albanian gangs in the United States has been thought to greatly increase their dominant power and is one of the most violent criminal organisations in operation, particularly with their strong connections in the European Union. 
During investigations conducted by FBI experts in the city of New York and surrounding areas against the Albanian mafia, it was noted that the Albanian mafia was too widespread and too secretive to penetrate. Furthermore, although there have been a number of operations performed by the FBI to destroy organised crime such as Italian and Russian factions, the Albanian mafia continues to be widespread in New York in a relatively high number.
Central and South America.
Honduras.
According to WikiLeaks reports, Albanian crime groups are affiliated with various South American politicians, and have set in motion to move their hidden assets in various banks. The WikiLeaks report goes on to state that Albanian crime groups are preying heavily in Central America, where all roads lead to Colombian cocaine. Albanian crime groups are laundering money through banks in Honduras and investing a large amount in construction projects to further gain influence in South America.
Ecuador.
The Albanian mafia has made its presence felt in Ecuador, primarily through its involvement in the country’s drug trafficking industry. Ecuador’s strategic location, nestled between Colombia and Peru, two of the world’s largest cocaine producers, makes it an important transit point for drug shipments to international markets, particularly Europe. The Albanian crime groups, with its well-established networks in the drug trade, has played a significant role in facilitating the movement of cocaine from Ecuador to Europe, where the organization has a strong foothold.
One of the ways the Albanian crime groups operates in Ecuador is through partnerships with local criminal groups, often Colombian and Mexican cartels, but also with local gangs, to ensure that drug shipments move smoothly through the country. Their involvement in the drug trade is marked by the establishment of networks that control distribution routes, as well as logistical operations that help to move drugs from Ecuador’s ports and airports to Europe.
In addition to trafficking, the Albanian grime groups has been linked to money laundering activities in Ecuador. They often invest in legitimate businesses such as real estate and hospitality to clean the proceeds of their illicit trade. This helps them blend in with the local economy while continuing to fund and expand their criminal operations. While the Albanian gangsters operates discretely, its influence has not gone unnoticed. Moreover, the Albanian clans are known for using corruption as a means to protect its operations in the country. They may seek to bribe local law enforcement, government officials, or other authorities to shield their activities from investigation or interference, thereby ensuring that their operations continue uninterrupted. Overall, the Albanian crime clan’s influence in Ecuador is primarily linked to the drug trade, where they act as facilitators between local production and international distribution. Their operations contribute to the broader challenges faced by the country, including corruption, violence, and the growth of organized crime networks.
Among the most important Albanian criminals operating in Ecuador are: Remzi Azemi, Ilir Hidri (killed in 2017), Adriatik Tresa (killed in 2020), Gentjan Meta and Artur Rrapaj.
Numerous analyst and media reports cited the expanding presence of the Albanian mafia as a significant factor contributing to the 2024 conflict in Ecuador.
According to a BBC investigation from 2025, the Albanian mafia has established itself as one of the most powerful drug trafficking networks in Europe by expanding its operations into Ecuador, a key transit country for cocaine coming from Colombia and Peru. The Albanian groups work closely with local gangs such as the Latin Kings, using bribery, threats, and violence to control the supply chain. Corrupt police officers, port workers, and transport staff are often involved, knowingly or under duress. Ecuadorian gang members, recruited by a corrupt officer, manage logistics at the ports and are paid thousands of dollars per shipment, though refusal can mean death. European demand continues to fuel the crisis, while fake export companies serve as fronts for smuggling operations. The surge in drug trafficking has led to record seizures and unprecedented violence, with January 2025 marking Ecuador’s deadliest month in years. Yet, according to the investigation, weak governance, economic struggles after the pandemic, and previously lax immigration policies have allowed the Albanian mafia to infiltrate the country deeply, turning Ecuador into a critical node in the global cocaine trade.

</doc>
<doc id="7049352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049352" title="Platt Island">
Platt Island

Platt Island is an archaeological site off Florida State Road 29 in Collier County north of Miles City. It was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1978. Ceramic fragments dated to about 2500 years old were found at the site, which is in the Big Cypress National Preserve.

</doc>
<doc id="7049359" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049359" title="Top Up TV Promo">
Top Up TV Promo



</doc>
<doc id="7049360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049360" title="Al-Rashid">
Al-Rashid

Al-Rashid, ar-Rashid ("the Righteous"), Al-Rasheed or Al Rasheed may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7049363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049363" title="False Lupin">
False Lupin



</doc>
<doc id="7049366" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049366" title="Lebogang Mokoena">
Lebogang Mokoena



</doc>
<doc id="7049368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049368" title="Grand Prix du Disque for Jazz">
Grand Prix du Disque for Jazz



</doc>
<doc id="7049369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049369" title="Stipe">
Stipe

Stipe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7049373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049373" title="John Hedley (bishop)">
John Hedley (bishop)

John Cuthbert Hedley (15 April 1837 – 11 November 1915) was a British Benedictine and writer who held high offices in the Roman Catholic Church.
Born in Morpeth, Northumberland, he was the son of Dr. Edward Astley Hedley and Mary Ann ( Davison) Hedley. He was educated at Mr Gibson's Grammar School and then at Ampleforth College. He was professed a member of the Order of Saint Benedict in 1855 and ordained a priest of the order on 9 October 1862.
He was appointed an auxiliary bishop of Newport and Menevia and Titular Bishop of "Caesaropolis" on 22 July 1873. His consecration to the Episcopate took place on 29 September 1873, the principal consecrator was Archbishop (later Cardinal) Henry Edward Manning of Westminster, with bishops Brown and Chadwick as co-consecrators. Hedley acted as editor of the "Dublin Review" in the late 1870s. Prior to assuming the editorship, he had taught philosophy and theology for eleven years at Belmont Abbey, Herefordshire. As editor sought Headley to provide a forum for leading minds to infuse the spirit of Catholicism into literature, history, politics, and art..."
Hedley was appointed the Bishop of the Diocese of Newport and Menevia on 18 February 1881. His episcopal title was changed to Bishop of Newport in 1895. He had served the people well, not least within the field of Catholic Education.
He published a number of works:
Bishop Hedley died in office on 11 November 1915, aged 78. After his death, the see of Newport was elevated to an archdiocese and changed its name to Cardiff in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="7049383" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049383" title="Doxie">
Doxie

Doxie is a line of document and photo scanners produced by Scanned, Inc, an American hardware and software company that also produces IntelliScanner, Barcode Producer, and Easy Barcode Creator. Their scanners were first demonstrated live during the 2010 Consumer Electronics Show Las Vegas, and have been available on the consumer market since February 2010.
Products.
Doxie offers several variants of scanners including the Doxie Pro series, Doxie Go SE series, Doxie Q series, Doxie Flip, and the original Doxie Go.
Software.
All Doxie scanners come with included companion software for Mac, Windows, and iOs. Scans can be synched to the desktop via USB or SD card, or, for models with built-in Wi-Fi, wirelessly to the desktop or iOs device. Documents can be saved as JPEG, PDF or lossless PNG.
Doxie software can perform automatic adjustments like cropping, rotation and contrast on each scan. Further modifications can be made such as merging documents into a single, multi-page PDF, converting PDFs to text using optical character recognition, interleaving single-sided scans to create double-sided documents, and, auto-stitching to turn overlapping scans into a single image.
Documents can be saved to the desktop or iOs device, sent to local apps like Photos, Mail, or Messages, or sent to cloud apps like Dropbox, Evernote, OneNote, and iCloud Drive.

</doc>
<doc id="7049389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049389" title="Dacshund">
Dacshund



</doc>
<doc id="7049390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049390" title="Atsuhira">
Atsuhira



</doc>
<doc id="7049391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049391" title="Steppe Gull">
Steppe Gull



</doc>
<doc id="7049398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049398" title="Rochlin's theorem">
Rochlin's theorem



</doc>
<doc id="7049399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049399" title="Mountain goldenbanner">
Mountain goldenbanner



</doc>
<doc id="7049407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049407" title="Grand Prix du Disque for Blues">
Grand Prix du Disque for Blues

The Grand Prix du Disque for Blues is awarded by l'Académie Charles Cros.
Winners.
The following is a partial list of winners:
See also.
Grand Prix du Disque

</doc>
<doc id="7049412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049412" title="Blessing in Disguise (Metal Church album)">
Blessing in Disguise (Metal Church album)

Blessing in Disguise is the third studio album by American heavy metal band Metal Church, released on February 7, 1989.
Overview.
"Blessing in Disguise" was Metal Church's final release on Elektra Records, and the first album not to feature the vocals of David Wayne, due to his departure to form the band Reverend. This album marked the band's debut with vocalist Mike Howe (formerly of Heretic) and guitarist John Marshall, replacing Wayne and Kurdt Vanderhoof respectively. Vanderhoof had produced Heretic's final album "Breaking Point" previously. It seems that this is how Howe came to the attention of Metal Church. Wayne's new project was made up of the remaining members of Heretic.
"Blessing in Disguise" also marked the second and last time Metal Church had worked with Terry Date, who also produced the band's 1984 self-titled debut album. Although Vanderhoof was technically no longer an official member of the band at this point, he composed the music and lyrics for seven of the album's nine songs and appears as a guest musician. Vanderhoof would continue to compose music and lyrics for Metal Church on their next two albums before he returned to the band as an official member in 1998. David Wayne claimed to have written songs for the album before leaving the band. One of these tracks was an early version of "Fake Healer" titled "Legion". Despite these assertions, Wayne is left uncredited in the album credits. Notably, Wayne would later record "Legion" in "Reverend"'s EP A Gathering of Demons in 2001.
"Blessing in Disguise" has been seen as one of Metal Church's most diverse works, minimizing most of the thrash and speed metal elements of their first two albums and developing an experimentation with a more progressive tone, similar to those of Metallica and Queensrÿche. The album's style has also been described as power metal or simply heavy metal, and it includes the band's 2nd longest track to date "Anthem to the Estranged".
Critical and commercial reception.
Contemporary reviews were mixed. Don Kaye of "Kerrang!" judged "Blessing in Disguise" "a hit-and-miss affair" that does not "live up to the standards set on (Metal Church) 1984 debut", lamenting "a lack of direction, an absence of focus that causes the record to fluctuate between greatness and mere mediocrity". He cited "Anthem to the Estranged" and "Badlands" as the best songs, "providing a real showcase for new singer Mike Howe, who elsewhere on the album comes across as a dime-a-dozen screamer." "Rock Hard" reviewer considered the album "better than the predecessor "The Dark"", but "still light years away from the landmark "Metal Church""; he wrote that "Blessing in Disguise" is largely missing "the ultimate kick, the esprit, the special", despite being one of "the best-produced albums of recent times", thanks to Terry Date's hard work.
Modern reviews for "Blessing in Disguise" have been more positive. AllMusic's Jason Anderson considered the album "perhaps the finest Metal Church release", offering "some of the best material in the group's long career" and praised Howe for "bringing a burst of energy that the group used to create some of the best American underground metal of the decade." Martin Popoff in his "Collector's Guide to Heavy Metal" praised Howe's performance and Date's production, which turned "the band into an updated, renovated tower of strength, a guitar-driven machine set to stun." Adam McCann of Metal Digest referred to "Blessing in Disguise" as both "a real classic album released in 1989" and a "late 80's classic that often gets overlooked", and noted that, "This was the album which marked the debut of the late, great Mike Howe on vocals as the band moved away from the heavy metal of their first two albums and into territory more akin with the burgeoning movements of progressive and power metal, particularly the former with the band bringing in fans from both Metallica, Fates Warning and Queensrÿche with this album riding the coattails of "", "...And Justice for All" and "Awaken the Guardian"."
"Blessing in Disguise" entered the "Billboard" 200 chart on April 8, 1989, two months after its release. The album itself peaked at number 75 (the band's second-highest chart position to date, a record broken only 27 years later by "XI", which peaked at number 57), and remained on the chart for 15 weeks.
Touring and promotion.
Metal Church spent most of 1989 and 1990 touring behind "Blessing in Disguise". They embarked a U.S. tour in the spring of 1989 with Meliah Rage, and supported W.A.S.P. on their "Headless Children" tour. Metal Church played one show in Germany in October 1989 with Fates Warning and Toranaga, and opened for Saxon in Europe in April 1990. They were also a "surprise guest" for Metallica's May 11, 1990 show at The Marquee in London.

</doc>
<doc id="7049413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049413" title="Grand Prix du Disque for Bluses">
Grand Prix du Disque for Bluses



</doc>
<doc id="7049416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049416" title="Neuhammer">
Neuhammer

Neuhammer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7049417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049417" title="Dose fractionation">
Dose fractionation

Dose fractionation effects are utilised in the treatment of cancer with radiation therapy. When the total dose of radiation is divided into several, smaller doses over a period of several days, there are fewer toxic effects on healthy cells. This maximizes the effect of radiation on cancer and minimizes the negative side effects. A typical fractionation scheme divides the dose into 30 units delivered every weekday over six weeks. 
Background.
Experiments in radiation biology have found that as the absorbed dose of radiation increases, the number of cells which survive decreases. They have also found that if the radiation is "fractionated" into smaller doses, with one or more rest periods in between, fewer cells die. This is because of self-repair mechanisms which repair the damage to DNA and other biomolecules such as proteins. These mechanisms can be over expressed in cancer cells, so caution should be used in using results for a cancer cell line to make predictions for healthy cells if the cancer cell line is known to be resistant to cytotoxic drugs such as cisplatin. The DNA self repair processes in some organisms is exceptionally good; for instance, the bacterium Deinococcus radiodurans can tolerate a 15 000 Gy (1.5 MRad) dose.
In the graph to the right, called a cell survival curve, the dose vs. surviving fraction have been drawn for a hypothetical group of cells with and without a rest time for the cells to recover. Other than the recovery time partway through the irradiation, the cells would have been treated identically.
The human body contains many types of cells, and the human can be killed by the loss of a single type of cell in a vital organ. For many short-term radiation deaths due to what is commonly known as radiation sickness (3 to 30 days after exposure), it is the loss of bone marrow cells (which produce blood cells), and the loss of other cells in the wall of the intestines, that is fatal.
Radiation fractionation as cancer treatment.
Fractionation effects are utilised in the treatment of cancer with radiation therapy. When the total dose of radiation is divided into several, smaller doses over a period of several days, there are fewer toxic effects on healthy cells. This maximizes the effect of radiation on cancer and minimizes the negative side effects. A typical fractionation scheme divides the dose into 30 units delivered every weekday over six weeks.
Hypofractionation is a treatment regimen that delivers higher doses of radiation in fewer visits. The logic behind this treatment is that applying greater amounts of radiation works to lower the effects of accelerated tumor growth that typically occurs during the later stages of radiotherapy.
Hyperfractionation is dividing the same total dose into more deliveries. Treatments are given more than once a day. Hyperfractionated radiation therapy is given over the same period of time (days or weeks) as standard radiation therapy.
Accelerated fractionation (two deliveries per day and/or deliveries on weekends as well) has also been investigated.

</doc>
<doc id="7049420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049420" title="Haulover Canal">
Haulover Canal

The Haulover Canal is a waterway north of Merritt Island, Florida, near the former site of Allenhurst, that connects Mosquito Lagoon with the Indian River, and is part of the Intracoastal Waterway.
In the early 1960s there were plans to relocate the canal further north, near the junction of US 1 and Courtenay Parkway, but by 1964 when the new Haulover Canal Bridge was constructed these plans had been shelved.
Old Haulover Canal.
The Old Haulover Canal is a historic location north of Merritt Island, Florida. On December 19, 1978, it was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places.
According to the state historical marker near the site:
Native Americans, explorers and settlers hauled or carried canoes and small boats over this narrow strip of land between Mosquito Lagoon and the Indian River. Eventually it became known as the "haulover." Connecting both bodies of water had long challenged early settlers of this area. Spaniards visited as early as 1605 and slid boats over the ground covered with mulberry tree bark. Early settlers used rollers and skids to drag schooners across. Fort Ann was established nearby in 1837, during the 2nd Seminole War (1835–1842), to protect the haulover from Indians and carry military supplies from the lagoon to the river. In 1852, contractor G.E. Hawes dug the first canal using slave labor. It was deep, wide, and completed in time for the 3rd Seminole War (1856–1858). Steamboat and cargo ships used the passage until the railroad arrived in 1885. By 1887, the Florida Coast Line Canal and Transportation Company dug a new and deeper canal which you see now, a short distance from the original. The Intracoastal Waterway incorporated the Haulover Canal as a federal project in 1927 to be maintained by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Since then the channel has been dug wider and deeper, and a basin added for launching boats.

</doc>
<doc id="7049432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049432" title="Replacement window">
Replacement window



</doc>
<doc id="7049433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049433" title="Con el Corazón En la Mano">
Con el Corazón En la Mano



</doc>
<doc id="7049436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049436" title="Adherence (compliance) and concordance">
Adherence (compliance) and concordance



</doc>
<doc id="7049446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049446" title="Shantih">
Shantih



</doc>
<doc id="7049447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049447" title="Indian Fields">
Indian Fields

The Indian Fields are a collection of historic sites in Brevard County, Florida. They are located on the southeast bank of Ruth Lake, approximately eight miles west of Titusville. On April 14, 1994, they were added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="7049458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049458" title="Alsophila × boytelii">
Alsophila × boytelii

Alsophila" × "boytelii is a tree fern endemic to the Sierra Maestra range of southeastern Cuba. It is a natural interspecific hybrid between "Alsophila balanocarpa" and "Alsophila woodwardioides". The spores of "A." × "boytelii" are normal in appearance; Caluff and Serrano (2002) suggest that it might therefore be fertile. This theory is strengthened by the presence of a large population of "A." × "boytelii" in the Gran Piedra area. Caluff and Serrano (2002) note that "a full range of intermediates linking this hybrid with its parent species suggests the occurrence of backcrossing".
The type material was collected in Reserva Gran Piedra, Santiago de Cuba Province at an altitude of 1000 m on November 18, 1983.
The specific epithet "boytelii" honours the late Fernando Boytel Jambú of Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="7049459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049459" title="Shaantih">
Shaantih



</doc>
<doc id="7049466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049466" title="Halfway Home (album)">
Halfway Home (album)

Halfway Home is an album by guitarist Preston Reed. It marks the first instance of other musicians in an ensemble appearing on a Preston Reed recording.
"Halfway Home" is out of print. The title track was re-recorded in a new version on Reed's release "History of Now".
Track listing.
All songs by Preston Reed

</doc>
<doc id="7049475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049475" title="Kluster">
Kluster

Kluster was a Berlin-based German experimental musical group formed in 1969 by Hans-Joachim Roedelius, Conrad Schnitzler, and Dieter Moebius. Their improvisational work presaged later industrial music. The original Kluster was short-lived, existing only from 1969 until mid-1971 when Conrad Schnitzler left and the remaining two members renamed themselves Cluster. Schnitzler later revived the band from 1971 to 1973 and then from 2007 until his death in 2011.
History.
1969–71.
Kluster was founded by Conrad Schnitzler, Hans-Joachim Roedelius, and Dieter Moebius in 1969. Both Schnitzler and Moebius had been students of Joseph Beuys at the Düsseldorf Fine Arts Academy in the 1960s. Schnitzler and Roedelius both participated in the founding of the Zodiak Free Arts Lab in Berlin in 1968 and had worked together in the avant-garde groups Geräusche (literally "Noises") and Plus/Minus. The trio met when Moebius was working as a steak chef in Berlin, and was invited to join a band by Roedelius and Schnitzler. The band was based in West Berlin. The trio first performed at the Zodiac Club in Berlin that year and were billed in early performances as Ensemble Kluster or Die Klusters. In a 1980 interview with David Elliott, Schnitzler recalled: "...it all started at the "Zodiac Club" in 1969 because there was something THERE and Roedelius and me played with Moebius then using instruments, amps and echoes." He also describes their music at the time as having "A lot of feedback and all those crackling sounds." In addition to violin, flute, piano, cello, percussion, and organ the trio used alarm clocks and kitchen utensils as instruments, Steven and Alan Freeman, writing in "The Crack In The Cosmic Egg", describe the musicians and their music: "All three were long-established musicians and radicals on the Berlin underground scene, and naturally what they would come up with was unlike anything heard before!"
Late that year Schnitlzer read a newspaper advertisement by a church organist interested in new music. The result was church sponsorship for the first two albums, "Klopfzeichen" and "Zwei-Osterei", provided Kluster was willing to add religious text to the first side of each LP. Both records were released by Schwann, a label known for church music, and a total of 300 copies of each were pressed and sold. Schnitzler's comments about the text: "If you don't understand the German words, it sounds better. [...] If you know what it means, you'll find it terrible." "Klopfzeichen" were recorded at Rhenus-Studio in Gordorf, Germany in one session on December 21, 1969 and "Zwei-Osterei" was recorded at the same location on February 23, 1970. Both sessions were engineered by Conny Plank and produced by Oskar Gottlieb Blarr. The music of the first two albums is described by Steven and Alan Freeman, in part: "Although they never possessed any electronic instruments, the music of Kluster was quite extraordinary, featuring guitars, percussion, organ, cello, etc., with an abundance of sound processing devices, echo, tape machines and filters, to create a music that oozed electricity—stark, bleak, industrial, and nightmarishly unnerving." The trio also toured Germany extensively during 1969–70.
Kluster's third and final album, "Eruption", was recorded live in 1971 during the trio's last concert together and was recorded by Klaus Freudigmann, who was also a member of Conrad Schnitzler's other band, also called Eruption. It was initially released as a private pressing with the incorrect (according to Schnitzler) name of "Kluster Und Eruption". The original pressing totaled 200 copies. It was reissued in 1973 as "Schwarz" as a Conrad Schnitzler solo album, though Roedelius and Moebius performances are credited. The album was finally reissued with what Schnitzler insists is the correct title, "Eruption", on CD by the German Marginal Talent label in 1997.
Although all three members played many different instruments on the three albums they recorded, the lineup is sometimes described as consisting of Moebius on drums, Roedelius on cello and Schnitzler on keyboards. Unorthodox instruments such as car batteries and electricians' signal generators were also used. Kluster had minuscule sales during the time they were active. Only 300 copies each of the first two LPs were pressed and sold. Each of the members gained a much larger following as a result of their later works and reissues on LP in the 1980s and CD reissues released in 1996 and 1997 garnered much more respectable sales figures. 
Conrad Schnitzler left Kluster in mid 1971, briefly to continue work with the band Eruption and then to pursue a solo career. Schnitzler claims that Eruption toured under the name 'Kluster' at the time, and under that pretext re-released in 2009 under the Kluster name two albums originally labelled as being by Eruption.
After the original lineup of Kluster split, Roedelius and Moebius continued with an anglicized version of the name, Cluster, initially together with Conny Plank, and from 1972 onwards as a duo. They were intermittently together until 2010, when Roedelius announced that the band had split up.
Kluster revived.
In a 1999 interview Conrad Schnitzler expressed the hope that Kluster might reunite in 2000. While that never occurred Schnitzler did collaborate with Hans-Joachim Roedelius for the first time in nearly three decades. The resulting recording, Acon 2000/1, was released by the Japanese label Captain Trip in 2001. The style of the album is very reminiscent of Kluster, albeit with modern electronic instrumentation.
In 2007, Schnitzler did indeed resurrect Kluster. Aided by American musician Michael Thomas Roe and Japanese musician Masato Ooyama (Ooy), Schnitzler released "Kluster 2007", a three CD set on the private label Real Vine Music (2008). The music was tagged as "global playing" as each member came from a different continent. Continuing in this direction, "Kluster 2008" (Real Vine Music, 2009) was released in early 2009. This one subtitled "Three Olympic Cities Mix". Again, stressing the global collaboration. And, again, with Michael Thomas Roe and Masato Ooyama.
In 2008 two additional albums were released by Important Records under the Kluster name: "Admira" and "Vulcano". This material was recorded during 1971-1972 by Schnitzler, Freudigmann, and Wolfgang Seidel. Much of the material for these albums had been previously released by Qbico Records with the trio identified as Eruption. There is some debate as to whether the renaming of the records was just a ploy for extra circulation, but there is some record of Schnitzler continuing to use the name Kluster after 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="7049476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049476" title="Beckett baronets">
Beckett baronets

There have been two baronetcies created for members of the Beckett family, both in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. Both are extant as of 2023.

</doc>
<doc id="7049481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049481" title="Final Score">
Final Score

Final Score is a BBC Television football news and results programme produced by BBC Sport. The programme is broadcast on late Saturday afternoons in England, Wales and Northern Ireland, usually on BBC One. BBC Northern Ireland opts away during the last ten minutes to cover local results in "Final Score from Northern Ireland", normally just after the Premier League scores are read out. BBC Scotland runs a different programme altogether – "Open All Mics". "Final Score" is also broadcast on Boxing Day and New Year's Day and sometimes on either Good Friday or Easter Monday. A special Sunday edition is broadcast on the final day of the Premier League season.
"Final Score" is also broadcast on Saturday afternoons on the BBC Red Button and online for two hours before the BBC One broadcast begins. An additional half-hour was also broadcast live on BBC World News, the BBC's internationally broadcast news channel, but this was discontinued from the 2015–16 season.
Format.
The programme provides viewers with the results from the main football matches played on that day. The presenters are joined by two studio pundits discussing the day's play whilst watching the Premier League games in the studio and this is supplemented by reporters at all of the Premier League matches. There are also reporters at every EFL Championship match and at the top games in EFL League One and EFL League Two, and at least one Scottish Professional Football League game. Mark Clemmit or Kelly Somers provides regular roundups of the top stories from the rest of the EFL matches. The programme also includes interviews with managers and players.
Just after 17:00, when all of the results are in, they are read by Mike West. The round-up covers games from the Premier League, EFL Championship, EFL League One, EFL League Two and the Vanarama National League in England, in Scotland the four divisions of the William Hill Scottish Professional Football League as well as the Welsh Premier League in Wales and the Irish League in Northern Ireland. Next is a review of the league tables in England and Scotland and this is followed by post-game interviews with managers, conducted by the commentators for "Match of the Day". After the main BBC television broadcast has finished the programme continues until 17:30 on the Red Button.
History.
Early days.
"Final Score" had been part of the BBC's "Grandstand" since the programme's launch in 1958. The football results appeared on a device dubbed "the Teleprinter" and the presenter stood next to the Teleprinter with a camera pointed at the actual printer. By the 1980s, a live shot of the printer had been replaced by an on-screen computerised version and was renamed the vidiprinter.
The results would come from the Press Association (PA), who appointed a correspondent to attend each match and report back the half-time and full-time scores to its offices in London. The PA would then use the technology of the day to provide a feed to BBC Television Centre (TVC). The Press Association provided the vidiprinter results service until Opta Sports took over the contract for the 2013–14 season onwards. The host of the main "Grandstand" programme used to provide commentary on the scores as they came in to try to reflect how each result affected the league, which meant meticulous preparation was necessary.
After the majority of the results came in, the scores would then be collated and announced as the 'Classified Football Results' in alphabetical order starting with the highest leagues first. Remarkably, only three people have regularly read the football results on the programme: Len Martin (from 1958 until 1995), Tim Gudgin (from 1995 until 2011) and Mike West since 2011. Gudgin read the results for the last time on 19 November 2011, then retired at the age of 81. He cited the BBC's decision to move the programme from London to Salford Quays as one of the reasons for his departure and the difficulty of travelling from his home in Hampshire, particularly in winter. The classified results were followed by the pools news and score draws and then by the league tables, although the pools news element was dropped due to its decline.
Whilst football was always the mainstay of "Final Score", news and results from other sports, such as rugby union, and until 1987 racing results, were also included.
A brief version, usually lasting for five to ten minutes, was aired in the summer during the football close season and these summer editions included a cricket scoreboard.
Stand-alone editions of "Final Score" were broadcast on Boxing Day, New Year's Day and Easter Monday when there was a full programme of football fixtures and when "Grandstand" was not being shown. These editions were generally fifteen minutes long and did not include the vidiprinter sequence as they usually began at 16:50.
Changes.
Technology has gradually improved and by the 1980s a live shot of the actual Teleprinter was replaced by a computer screen version, at which point the Teleprinter became referred to as "the Vidiprinter". However, the modern-day vidiprinter used by the programme still emulates the original typing system. There are now Goalflashes throughout the afternoon for every match played in the English and Scottish leagues, the National League, Welsh Premier League and Northern Ireland.
21st century.
During its last few years there was no longer a main presenter for "Grandstand", so from the start of the 2001–02 season "Final Score" was broadcast as an individual programme with Ray Stubbs as the regular presenter and Mark Lawrenson providing comment on the results as they came in. At this point, "Final Score" became a football-only programme and was only broadcast during the football season. The following season saw "Final Score" beginning earlier and by the end of that season it had settled to a start time of 16:30.
The half time round-up remained part of "Grandstand" until the start of the 2004–05 season when an afternoon-long version of the programme was launched on the BBC's interactive service. Initially called "Score Interactive", the programme broadcast from 14:30 and provided a rolling mix of scores, reports and punditry. At 16:30, BBC One joined the programme and after the end of the BBC One broadcast, it would continue on the interactive service until 18:00.
In November 2007 a midweek version of the programme was introduced. Rather than being a programme in its own right, it is a simulcast of BBC Radio 5 Live with graphics and vidiprinter. Audio options were occasionally made available for BBC Local Radio commentaries of games involving Championship sides, but this was removed when the BBC decided to make the Red Button service a "single feed" to all broadcast platforms in October 2012. The midweek version is shown when there were primarily Premier League or important UEFA Champions League matches taking place. It is a Red Button and Online exclusive, so therefore does not appear on BBC One or BBC Two.
When the BBC regained the rights for the FA Cup in 2014–15, the programme would be renamed "FA Cup Final Score" when the competition is the main focus, including a modified logo featuring the FA Cup trophy and Sunday broadcasts which show the key incidents from the day's games. Although focussing on the FA Cup, there are also updates from matches in other domestic competitions that are taking place.
Beginning with the 2017-18 season, the show's graphics were updated to tie in with a rebrand of BBC Sport.
Studio.
In the autumn of 2011, "Final Score" moved from studio TC5 at Television Centre in London, which had been its home for many years. Its new home is located in Salford Quays at Dock10, MediaCityUK. The last programme from TC5 was broadcast on 19 November 2011.
Ahead of the 2019–20 Premier League season, BBC Sport upgraded the studio that "Match of the Day", "Match of the Day 2", "Football Focus", and "Final Score" broadcasts from.
The facility uses a "4K UHD ready virtual reality studio." It uses Epic Games' Unreal Engine 4 rendering technology.
The studio is located at the Dock10 facility at MediaCityUK in Salford.
Presenter and pundits.
The current main presenter of "Final Score" is Jason Mohammad, who replaced Gabby Logan at the start of the 2013–14 season. Stand-in presenters include Eilidh Barbour, Kelly Somers and Will Perry. The programme was previously presented by Ray Stubbs until he left the BBC at the end of the 2008–09 season.
Two (or occasionally three) pundits appear per episode. Pundits who appear on the programme most commonly as of the 2021/22 season are Garth Crooks, Martin Keown, Dion Dublin, Leon Osman, Ashley Williams, Jermaine Beckford, Fara Williams, and Stephen Warnock. Many other pundits have appeared during the history of the programme, including: Robbie Savage, Jason Roberts, Mark Bright, Steve Claridge, Peter Schmeichel, Danny Mills, Kevin Kilbane, Alex Scott, and Trevor Sinclair. Sinclair was fired by the BBC in January 2018 after admitting drink driving and racial abuse charges.
Reporters appearing most weeks include Ivan Gaskell, Hamish Marshall, Marc Webber, Juliette Ferrington, Roddy Forsyth, Martin Fisher, Sohail Sahi, Alastair Yeomans, Naz Premji, John Southall, John Acres, Will Perry, Eilidh Barbour, Laurence Herdman, Mike Williams, Andy Stevenson, Vicki Sparks, Katherine Downes, Robyn Cowen, Chris Wise, Mark Scott, Adam Cottier, Nick Hatton, Henry Moeran, Dan McCarthy, Adam Whitty, Tom Gayle, John Bennett, Nesta McGregor, Aaron Paul, Andy Sixsmith, Nikesh Rughani, Maz Farookhi, Betty Glover, Shourjo Sarkar, Connie McLaughlin, Ben Mundy, Laura Kenyon, Paul Scott, Niall McCaughan, Ben Croucher, Joshua Adu-Donkor, Lee Blakeman, Charlotte Richardson, Chris Coles, Rebecca Adams, Rich Wolfenden, Kate Mason, Flo Pollock, Gavin Wallace, Eisha Acton, Ellen Ellard, Gavin Ramjaun, Cameron Pope, Ryan Bromliow, Owain Gwynedd, Qasa Alom and Alex Howell.
Theme tune.
The current theme tune is "I Saw" by Young Fathers and has been since the start of the 2023-24 football season. Previous themes have included "Bones" by Galantis used between the 2019–20 and 2022-23 seasons, "Pumpin Blood" by NONONO used between the 2013–14 and 2018–19 football seasons, "The King and All of His Men" by Wolf Gang used between the 2011–12 and 2012–13 football seasons, "Jump in the Pool" by Friendly Fires used between the 2009–10 and 2010–11 football seasons and "Theme From Sparta FC" by The Fall between the 2005–06 and 2008–09 football seasons and 50 Cent - In da Club between the 2003–04 football season.

</doc>
<doc id="7049484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049484" title="Tanning booths">
Tanning booths



</doc>
<doc id="7049486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049486" title="Con el Corazón en la Mano (Aterciopelados album)">
Con el Corazón en la Mano (Aterciopelados album)

Con el Corazón en la Mano is the debut studio album by Colombian band Aterciopelados. It was released in 1993 and its influences range from punk rock music to Colombian folk music. The band wanted to mix styles to have a unique identity and create a unique type of music taking into consideration their local and global influences. From this album, "Mujer Gala", "Sortilegio" and "La Cuchilla" (a popular Colombian song reflecting local culture) are the most known.
For the debut, the members were Andrés Giraldo, Charly Márquez, Andrea Echeverri and Héctor Buitrago.

</doc>
<doc id="7049487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049487" title="Beeches Walk">
Beeches Walk



</doc>
<doc id="7049495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049495" title="Mountain thermopsis">
Mountain thermopsis



</doc>
<doc id="7049501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049501" title="Phillips, Minneapolis">
Phillips, Minneapolis

Phillips is a community in Minneapolis, just south of downtown. Traditionally, it was both a community and a neighborhood (in Minneapolis, a "neighborhood" is a subdivision of a "community"). Phillips is a diverse area in many ways: its population includes people of many nationalities; it has a mix of residential, commercial and industrial uses; and it is home to several large employers such as Abbott Northwestern Hospital, Wells Fargo Mortgage and Allina Health Care Services, along with small neighborhood businesses.
History.
On May 9, 2002, Phillips neighborhood was subdivided into four smaller neighborhoods. The official neighborhoods are now known as Ventura Village, Phillips West, East Phillips, and Midtown Phillips. Though not an officially designated neighborhood, Phillips also includes the Little Earth residential area. The boundaries of the Phillips community are Interstate 94 to the north, Hiawatha Avenue to the east, Lake Street to the south, and Interstate 35W to the west.
Phillips contains part of City Council Ward 6, represented by Jamal Osman, and Ward 9, represented by Jason Chavez.
The neighborhood was named after Wendell Phillips, a 19th century abolitionist. It was in this neighborhood that the American Indian Movement was founded in 1968.
The $189 million redevelopment of the vacant Sears building at Chicago Avenue and Lake Street into a mixed-use development of offices, hotel, retail and housing located in Midtown Phillips is one of the most important projects undertaken in the city in recent times. At the east side of the community, along the Hiawatha Avenue transit corridor, the Little Earth Trail connects many smaller neighborhoods, parks, businesses, and multi-use trails.

</doc>
<doc id="7049505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049505" title="Alsophila boytelii">
Alsophila boytelii



</doc>
<doc id="7049512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049512" title="Cyathea boytelii">
Cyathea boytelii



</doc>
<doc id="7049513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049513" title="Dyolof Empire">
Dyolof Empire



</doc>
<doc id="7049527" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049527" title="Eugene Cloonan">
Eugene Cloonan

 
Eugene Cloonan (born 22 December 1978) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a full-forward for the Galway senior team.
Born in Athenry, County Galway, Cloonan first played competitive hurling whilst at school at Athenry Vocational School. He arrived on the Inter-County scene at the age of seventeen when he first linked up with the Galway minor team, before later joining the under-21 side. He made his senior debut in the 1997 championship. Cloonan went on to play a key part for Galway for over a decade, and won three Connacht medals and one National Hurling League medal. He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
As a member of the Connacht inter-provincial team at various times, Cloonan won one Railway Cup medals in 1999. At club level he was a three-time All-Ireland medallist with Athenry. In addition to this he also won five Connacht medals and six championship medals.
Cloonan's career tally of 14 goals and 116 points was a record score for a Galway player which stood until 2011 when it was surpassed by Joe Canning.
Throughout his career Cloonan made 22 championship appearances. His retirement came following the conclusion of the 2008 championship.
In retirement from playing, Cloonan became involved in team management and coaching. At club level he has coached the Athenry minor team, while at inter-county level he was involved with the Galway under-14 and intermediate teams. In November 2013 he became a selector to the Galway senior team.
Early and private life.
Cloonan was born in Athenry, County Galway in 1978. He was educated locally at the Athenry Vocational School where he collected three consecutive All-Ireland Vocational Schools titles in 1992, 1993, and 1994. Cloonan has worked as an electrician.
Playing career.
Club.
Cloonan first came to prominence with Athenry winning championship medals in the under-14 1992 against Loughrea under-16 1994 after an epic battle with near neighbours Turloughmore and minor grade in 1993, 1994 and 1995.
In 1996 Cloonan joined the Athenry senior team. It was a successful debut year as he subsequently collected a championship medal following a 2–6 to 1–6 defeat of Carnmore. Cloonan missed the subsequent provincial decider, however, Athenry later reached the All-Ireland decider against Wolfe Tones. Nine points from Cloonan helped Athenry to a 0–14 to 1–8 victory. It was his first All-Ireland medal.
Athenry surrendered their titles in 1997, however, Cloonan collected a second championship medal in 1998 following a 1–15 to 1–12 defeat of Abbey-Duniry in a replay of the decider. He was moved to the position of goalkeeper for the subsequent 3–25 to 0–5 defeat of Tooreen. It was his first Connacht medal.
In 1999 Athenry dominated the county championship once again. A 1–16 to 1–10 defeat of Abbey-Duniry once again gave Cloonan a third championship medal. He later added a second Connacht medal to his collection following a facile 1–13 to 1–6 defeat of Tooreen. The subsequent All-Ireland final pitted Athenry against St. Joseph's Doora Barefield. Cloonan top scored with nine points as Athenry claimed a 0–16 to 0–12 victory. It was his second All-Ireland medal.
Athenry made it three county championships in-a-row in 2000. A 2–14 to 3–7 defeat of Sarsfield's gave Cloonan, who scored all but four points of his team's total, his fourth championship medal in five years. He later collected a third Connacht medal as Four Roads were easily defeated by 2–16 to 1–7. Graigue-Ballycallan provided the opposition in the subsequent All-Ireland decider. The Kilkenny champions had the lead with just a few seconds remaining, however, Cloonan scored a vital goal to level the match and force extra time. Athenry eventually won by 3–24 to 2–19. Not only did he collect a third All-Ireland medal but Cloonan was also named man of the match.
Three successive All-Ireland titles proved beyond Athenry, however, the team bounced back in 2002. A 1–16 to 3–7 victory gave Cloonan a fifth championship medal. He later won a fourth Connacht medal as Athenry accounted for Four Roads by 1–19 to 0–9.
In 2004 Cloonan won his sixth and final championship medal following a narrow 0–15 to 0–13 defeat of reigning champions Portumna. Athenry faced little competition from Ballyhaunis in the provincial decider, and a 2–16 to 0–7 victory gave Cloonan a fifth Connacht medal. Athenry later had the chance of securing a record-equalling fourth All-Ireland title, however, James Stephens defeated Cloonan's side by 0–19 to 0–14. Eugene's last game was against beagh in a match to see who would go through to the quarter-finals in 2008. beagh beat athenry after extra time, he was forced to retire after recurring injuries as he was approaching his 30th birthday.
In all, Cloonan made 88 Championship appearances for Athenry Senior Hurlers, from his debut against Portumna in 1996, to his final game against Beagh in 2008. During that time he amassed an incredible tally of 53 goals and 652 points. Some of his best performances include a 2-7 haul as a 17 year old vs Clarinbridge in the 1996 Semi-final, 14 points vs Carnmore in the 2000 Semi-final, and followed that up with 2-10 vs Sarsfields in the County Final.
Inter-county.
Cloonan made his inter-county debut for Galway against Tipperary in the under-14 Tony Forrestal competition in 1992. He progressed through the under-age ranks before joining the Galway minor team in 1996. The All-Ireland decider that year saw Galway face Tipperary, however, the game ended in a 3–11 to 0–20 draw. The replay was also a close affair, however, Galway were narrowly defeated by 2–14 to 2–12.
In spite of being just seventeen years-old, Cloonan was also a member of the Galway under-21 team in 1996. Lining out as goalkeeper for the All-Ireland decider, he kept a clean sheet as Galway defeated Wexford by 1–14 to 0–7. It was his first All-Ireland medal.
Cloonan made his senior championship debut for Galway against Roscommon on 12 July 1997. The 6–24 to 0–5 trouncing gave Cloonan his first Connacht medal.
By 2001 Cloonan was one of Galway's deadliest forwards. A shock semi-final defeat of reigning champions Kilkenny propelled Galway to an All-Ireland showdown with old rivals Tipperary. Galway put it up to Tipp, however, two goals by Tipp's Mark O'Leary gave the Munster men the threshold to withstand a Galway comeback. With nine minutes to go Galway were only a point in arrears, however, Tipperary outscored Galway by five to three in those closing minutes. At the final whistle Tipperary were the winners by 2–18 to 2–15. In spite of this defeat Cloonan ended the year with an All-Star award.
Galway went into decline again following this defeat, having failed to build on a reasonably successful year.
In 2004 Cloonan won a National Hurling League medal following Galway's 2–15 to 1–13 defeat of Waterford.
Cloonan played for Galway during the National League in 2005, however, he drifted away from the team then and played no part in Galway's All-Ireland final appearance that year. He returned to the panel in 2006. He retired after the loss to Cork in the 2008 championship due to a string of recurring injuries.
Inter-provincial.
Cloonan has also lined out with Connacht in the inter-provincial championship. He has won one Railway Cup medal in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="7049529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049529" title="Anhinga Trail">
Anhinga Trail

The Anhinga Trail is a short trail (about 0.4 miles) in the Everglades National Park. Located 4 miles from the park entrance, it starts at the Royal Palm Visitor Center. The trail is a paved walkway and a boardwalk over Taylor Slough, a freshwater sawgrass marsh. Abundant wildlife is visible from the trail, including alligators, turtles, anhingas, herons, and egrets. It is one of the most popular trails in the park. On November 5, 1996, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
In 2003, tourists witnessed a fight between an alligator and a Burmese python which went on for 24 hours, until a larger alligator joined the fight and the snake escaped. Video and news coverage of the fight was widespread and brought attention to the spread of the python, an invasive species, in the Everglades.

</doc>
<doc id="7049540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049540" title="Revonpapu">
Revonpapu



</doc>
<doc id="7049557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049557" title="Border Towns">
Border Towns



</doc>
<doc id="7049560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049560" title="Isidore the Apostate">
Isidore the Apostate



</doc>
<doc id="7049567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049567" title="Grand Prix du Disque for World Music">
Grand Prix du Disque for World Music

The daf Bama Music Awards is an international multicultural music award show presented by Daf Entertainment based in Hamburg, Germany. It has been created to honor artists from all over the world and at the same time unite the world with something as beautiful as music and is meant to immortalize creativity, unity and enjoyment among the global music lovers until the end of time.

</doc>
<doc id="7049568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049568" title="Sweeting Homestead">
Sweeting Homestead

The Sweeting Homestead (also known as the Sweeting Plantation) is a historic site in Elliott Key (Biscayne National Park, Florida). On September 19, 1997, it was added to the US National Register of Historic Places.
The story of the Sweeting family, English Bahamian settlers, is central to the Homestead's narrative. Their journey to Elliott Key came through Key West, a bustling maritime hub during the late 19th century. In April 1882, Asa Sweeting, along with his sons George and Thomas, embarked on a journey to Elliott Key, where they filed a homestead claim for 154.4 acres under the provisions of The Homestead Act of 1862.
The Sweeting family's endeavors on Elliott Key primarily revolved around agriculture. They delved into pineapple, key lime, and tomato cultivation, capitalizing on the favorable, frost-free climate of the Florida Keys. Notably, George Sweeting, one of Asa's sons, owned and operated a fleet of schooners, facilitating the transport of their produce to northern markets.
The year 1906 marked a significant turning point for the Sweeting family when a devastating hurricane struck Elliott Key. The hurricane's storm surge inundated the island, causing extensive damage to homes and pineapple plantations. In response, the family shifted their focus to commercial fishing, which offered a stable year-round income source. The challenges posed by the Great Depression prompted many families, including the Sweetings, to leave the island in search of better opportunities on the mainland. 
In 1968, Biscayne National Monument was established, encompassing Elliott Key. Later, in 1980, it became Biscayne National Park, preserving the island and the homestead site.

</doc>
<doc id="7049570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049570" title="Bandera (TX)">
Bandera (TX)



</doc>
<doc id="7049573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049573" title="Borough of Queens, New York">
Borough of Queens, New York



</doc>
<doc id="7049577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049577" title="Sonia Ruseler">
Sonia Ruseler

Sonia Ruseler (born 28 November 1963 in Buenos Aires, Argentina), studied social and political sciences at Cambridge University.
She worked for the BBC, ITN, and anchored for CNN International from 1993 to 2001. An Argentine and Dutch national, she worked as a senior vice president at The McGinn Group, and Chlopak Leonard and Schechter, both strategic communications consultancy based in Washington D.C. She was senior director, corporate communications for Arcos Dorados, the largest McDonald's franchisee in the world, with operations in Latin America and the Caribbean.

</doc>
<doc id="7049580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049580" title="We're an American Band (song)">
We're an American Band (song)

"We're an American Band" is a song by American rock band Grand Funk Railroad. Released on July 2, 1973, from the band's album of the same name, it became the band's first single to top the "Billboard" charts. Written by Don Brewer and produced by Todd Rundgren, its huge chart success broadened Grand Funk's appeal. In a 2023 interview, Brewer said the song, which stitches together snippets of events from the band's touring life, was written in an effort to garner the band more hits as FM radio stations were transitioning into singles-oriented formats.
According to Brewer, the song was not a rebuke to British band Humble Pie, who Grand Funk had previously toured with.
It is the 99th song on VH1's list of the 100 Greatest Hard Rock Songs.
Reception.
"Cash Box" said that the "group comes through with powerful, chunky rhythms and meaningful lyrics."
Poison version.
Poison (who also recorded for Capitol) covered it and released it as a single with a music video for their "" (2006) compilation which peaked at No. 17 on the "Billboard" 200.
Other versions.
The song has also been covered by Rob Zombie, Garth Brooks, Phish, Kid Rock, Village People, Rascal Flatts, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="7049582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049582" title="Li Yinhe">
Li Yinhe

Li Yinhe (; née Li Sanfan; born February 4, 1952) is a Chinese sociologist, sexologist, and activist for LGBT rights in China. Her main academic interests have been sexual norms in contemporary China, homosexuality, diverse sexual behaviors including sadomasochism, and women's studies.
Early life and education.
Li Yinhe was born in Beijing. Her name was changed from Li Sanfan to Li Yinhe at the age of seven. Her father, Chen Erdong was the director of the department of theories at People's Daily, and her mother was an editor. Li has two elder sisters and one elder brother. Li and her brother adopted their matrilineal surname as a realization of their parents' ideas of gender equality.
From 1974 to 1977, Li attended Shanxi University, where she studied history. From 1982 to 1998, she lived in the United States of America and obtained a Ph.D. in sociology from the University of Pittsburgh.
Career.
After graduating from Shanxi University, Li worked as an editor at Guangming Daily. One year later, in 1978, Li was assigned a research position at the State Council Research Office, where she gained national fame by publishing the article "To substantially promote democracy, to substantially promote the rule of law" with Lin Chunhe. In 1979, Li joined the newly founded Institute of Marxism–Leninism at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, where she researched marriage and family issues. After obtaining a doctorate degree from the University of Pittsburgh and returning to China, Li worked as a post-doctoral fellow under the sociologist Fei Xiaotong, then as an instructor at Peking University. In 1992, she joined the Institute of Sociology at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences as a researcher, and later became director of the Research Office of Family and Sexuality. She worked there until her retirement in 2012.
In the 1990s, as part of her research on homosexuality, Li began to translate many important texts focused on queer theory. This included the works of Judith Butler, Steven Epstein, Gayle Rubin, and Steven Seidman, among many others.
Activism.
Li represents "aspiration liberalism" in China. Li has been active in calling for greater tolerance for nonconventional sexual activities in China. She argues the country is undergoing a "de facto" sexual revolution, and encourages people to re-examine traditional attitudes towards sexual promiscuity and homosexuality. She proposes decriminalization of orgies and prostitution (both currently illegal in China). She also believes that monogamy is a personal decision made between a couple, and should not be enforced by law or social pressure.
She was a keynote speaker at the 2006 International Conference on LGBT Human Rights in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Li also publicly speaks about other issues of social justice, such as the growing urban-rural divide in China.
Abolishing outdated criminal laws in China.
In 2010 and 2011, Li pointed out on her blog that three criminal laws are outdated - the laws have not adapted to drastic change in public opinion. Li argued that the force of these laws is waning as there are fewer and fewer people being punished for these offenses and the punishments are becoming less severe. Li called on legislators to legalize pornography, abolish the group licentiousness law (which provides up to five years in prison for consenting adults who have sex with more than one other person), and decriminalize prostitution.
Same-sex marriage legislation.
In 2000, Li proposed adding same-sex marriage to the law when the National People's Congress prepared to revise the marriage law and sought suggestions from sociologists and legal experts. Li's argument was dismissed and a law expert stated that "China doesn't need to take the lead in this matter."
In 2001, Li asked a deputy to the National People's Congress (NPC) to submit her proposal. However, the proposal was not submitted as she was unable to find 30 other deputies willing to put their names on the document so that it fulfilled the requirements for a proposal on amendments to current laws.
Since 2002, Li has continued asking members of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) to submit her proposal.
Personal life.
Li was married to Wang Xiaobo, a well-known Chinese novelist, until his death in 1997. Li went to the US alone in 1982, but Wang joined her in 1984 on a scholarship in East Asia Studies. Li announced in December 2014 that she had been in a long-term relationship with a transgender man, Zheng Hongxia (b. 1965), for 15 years.

</doc>
<doc id="7049583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049583" title="Boerne (TX)">
Boerne (TX)



</doc>
<doc id="7049588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049588" title="Social Republic of Italy">
Social Republic of Italy



</doc>
<doc id="7049591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049591" title="Paris Institute of Political Science">
Paris Institute of Political Science



</doc>
<doc id="7049592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049592" title="U.S. Route 85 (Texas)">
U.S. Route 85 (Texas)



</doc>
<doc id="7049597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049597" title="Seb Brown">
Seb Brown

Sebastian Alexander Brown (born 24 November 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Sutton United.
Club career.
Early years.
Brown came through the youth system of Brentford, moving up from the under–18s squad to the first-team for the 2006–07 season. On 22 August 2006, Brown had his first involvement with the first-team squad at as an unused substitute, at the age of just 16, in the 4–3 penalty shoot-out victory over Swindon Town, after the game had ended 2–2 in normal time, in the First Round of the 2006–07 League Cup. At the end of the 2007–08 season he signed his first professional contract with the League Two club. Brown was loaned to Southern League First Division South &amp; West club Windsor &amp; Eton to gain first team experience, making 25 appearances for the club. Brown made his competitive debut for Brentford on 2 September 2008 in the First Round of the 2008–09 Football League Trophy against Yeovil Town, which ended 2–2 and went to a penalty shoot-out. Despite being only 18 at the time, Brown saved a crucial penalty by Andre McCollin to allow "The Bees" to triumph 4–2. Despite this, however, Brown was released by manager Andy Scott on 6 May 2009 along with eight other players having failed to break into the first team.
AFC Wimbledon.
Brown joined AFC Wimbledon in 2009. On 21 May 2011, he saved two penalties for the club in the 2010–11 Conference play-off final penalty shoot-out as they beat Luton Town to gain promotion to the Football League. He was named as the goalkeeper for the 2010–11 Conference Team of the Year. On 19 February 2013, it was announced that Brown had joined Conference club Woking on an initial one-month loan deal. Following his release, Brown signed for ambitious Conference South club Bromley. Following the club's signing of Alan Julian in January 2015, however, Brown joined Whitehawk on a month's loan. After making just one appearance for the Hawks, Brown returned to Bromley, and joined Hampton &amp; Richmond Borough on loan.
International career.
Brown appeared twice for England C, playing in matches against Wales in 2010 and Belgium in 2011.
Coaching career.
In October 2016, Brown was announced as academy goalkeeping coach at AFC Wimbledon. He joined Sutton United as player-goalkeeping coach in 2017. In 2020 Brown announced that rather than returning to Plough Lane with the Dons, he would remain at Kingsmeadow and adopt a coaching role with the Chelsea Women's Academy teams.
Personal life.
Brown has a PFA Sports Science degree from Roehampton University.
Brown got married in 2014 to an American Costume Designer - Kristen Ernst-Brown.
Honours.
AFC Wimbledon
Bromley
Hampton &amp; Richmond Borough
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="7049599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049599" title="U.S. Route 54 (Texas)">
U.S. Route 54 (Texas)



</doc>
<doc id="7049601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049601" title="Rohlin's theorem">
Rohlin's theorem



</doc>
<doc id="7049602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049602" title="Terry Skiverton">
Terry Skiverton

Terence John Skiverton (born 26 June 1975) is an English former footballer who enjoyed a long playing career at Yeovil Town for 11 years that led him to appear 382 times in all competitions. He then became their manager and subsequently, assistant manager, manager and then assistant manager again. He is currently assistant manager at club AFC Wimbledon.
As a player, Skiverton played as a centre back. He started his career at Chelsea, failing to make a first-team appearance but made many reserve appearances, making Captain of the reserve team before moving to Wycombe Wanderers – initially on loan – and then dropping out of the football league by moving to Welling United. He finally retired with Yeovil in 2010. As captain, Skiverton took Yeovil into the Football League for the first time in their history. While playing for Yeovil in the Football Conference, he was called up several times for the England national semi-pro team and made four appearances.
Early life and playing career.
Terence John Skiverton was born on 26 June 1975 in Mile End, Greater London. He began his career as a trainee at Chelsea, but never made the first team. After a loan spell, he made the permanent move to Wycombe Wanderers in 1996, and a year later dropped out of league football to join Welling United. He also had a short spell in Norway in 1995, playing for Sandefjord BK in the Norwegian First Division.
He joined Yeovil from Welling in 1999, and was a key part of the club, playing at centre back as they gained promotions from the Football Conference to League One.
After joining, Yeovil he gained cult status with the fans and is a hero at the club, playing over 300 league games before becoming player-manager of the club. Skiverton announced his retirement from playing on 9 May 2010 after appearing 382 times and scoring 42 goals in all competitions making him Yeovil's tenth most-capped post-war player. He even played in goal to cover for the injured Steve Mildenhall in a game against Leyton Orient in September 2007. He conceded no goals after coming on to the pitch.
Skiverton made four appearances for the England national semi-pro team between 2001 and 2003.
Coaching and managerial career.
Yeovil Town.
On 18 February 2009, Skiverton was named as Yeovil's player-manager after the club had parted company with Russell Slade earlier in the week. He succeeded in keeping Yeovil in League One with a series of good home results finishing in 17th place with 51 points.
On 9 May 2010, after only appearing as a player twice since his appointment he relinquished his playing duties and became just a manager.
In January 2011, Skiverton was nominated for the Football League's Manager of the Month award but he subsequently lost out to Rochdale manager Keith Hill, and on 26 February 2011, Skiverton took charge of his 100th match as Yeovil manager in a 1 – 0 win away to Tranmere Rovers.
On 9 January 2012, Skiverton stood down as manager, with former Yeovil boss Gary Johnson returning for his second spell in charge. Skiverton took on the role of assistant manager.
On 4 February 2015, after Johnson was relieved of his role as manager Skiverton was once again promoted back to acting first team manager. After only winning two of his thirteen matches in charge Skiverton was demoted back to assistant manager with the club appointing Paul Sturrock as the club's new first team manager.
On 15 January 2022, Skiverton left his position assistant manager at Yeovil Town.
Charlton Athletic.
On 18 January 2022, Skiverton was appointed as First-Team Coach at Charlton Athletic. On 3 May, Skiverton left his role at Charlton following the departure of manager Johnnie Jackson on the same day.
AFC Wimbledon.
On 16 May 2022, Skiverton was appointed as assistant manager at AFC Wimbledon, joining his former Charlton manager Johnnie Jackson at the club.
Personal life.
While at Welling, and at Yeovil until the club turned professional, Skiverton appeared on "Dream Team" on the staff of Harchester United.
Honours.
Yeovil Town
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="7049603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049603" title="Bozo the Capitol Clown">
Bozo the Capitol Clown



</doc>
<doc id="7049607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049607" title="Grand Prix du Disque for Recordings for Children">
Grand Prix du Disque for Recordings for Children



</doc>
<doc id="7049608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049608" title="Cervical ganglia">
Cervical ganglia

The cervical ganglia are paravertebral ganglia of the sympathetic nervous system. Preganglionic nerves from the thoracic spinal cord enter into the cervical ganglions and synapse with its postganglionic fibers or nerves. The cervical ganglion has three paravertebral ganglia: 
Nerves emerging from cervical sympathetic ganglia contribute to the cardiac plexus, among other things.
Unlike all other ganglia, the medial branches of the cervical ganglia are 95% postganglionic axons.

</doc>
<doc id="7049613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049613" title="Rohlin">
Rohlin



</doc>
<doc id="7049615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049615" title="El Paso Airport">
El Paso Airport



</doc>
<doc id="7049616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049616" title="Nelson Barrera">
Nelson Barrera

Nelson Barrera Romellón (17 October 1957 – 14 July 2002) was a Mexican professional baseball player, who at the time of his death led the Mexican League in career home runs (455) and RBIs (1,927). He was nicknamed "El Almirante" (The Admiral).
Early life.
Barrera was born in Ciudad del Carmen, Campeche on 17 October 1957.
Career.
A right-hander hitter and a native of the Mexican state of Campeche, Barrera entered the Mexican League in 1977 with the Diablos Rojos del México after playing three years in the Mexican Central League. He hit only .235 as a rookie, with two home runs, but he continued to improve. He broke 20 home runs, hitting .354 with 101 RBI in 1984. This earned him a look by the Chicago White Sox, who placed him on their AAA Buffalo Bisons American Association team. He hit just .176 with two homers in 74 at bats, and was cut by the Bisons. He then returned to Mexico with the Diablos Rojos, where he helped them win the pennant. He played for the Diablos Rojos for most of his career (1977–79, 1983–91, 1995).
Barrera won his only league home run title with 42 in 1987. He also led the circuit in RBIs with 134 in 1987 and 124 in 1988. On 22 April 1997, he drove in his 1,574th run, breaking the Mexican League record set by Héctor Espino.
In 1998 Barrera played and managed the Guerreros de Oaxaca when they won their only pennant. He contributed with a .321 average and 110 RBIs. This was his sixth season with more than 100 RBIs, something no one had accomplished before in the Mexican League. After he broke the all-time career RBI record, his old team Diablos Rojos organized an appreciation for him in the capital, at their old stadium, Parque del Seguro Social.
Then, in 2001 Barrera surpassed Espino's record for home runs, finishing the season with 455 to Espino's 453. Nevertheless, he was fired as the Guerreros' manager that year. He went on the disabled list as a player toward the end of the season.
Barrera was accused in 1988 of using a corked bat by the Tigres del México club. The umpires disagreed and the Mexican League fined the Tigres MX$1 million for defaming Barrera.
In 2002, Barrera returned to his hometown of Campeche, where he was player-manager for the Piratas de Campeche, still in the Mexican League. Previously, he had played with the Piratas from 1992 to 1994.
For the first time in his career, Barrera failed to hit a home run in the 2002 season. On April 13, he got his last hit, in Oaxaca against his old team.
Death.
On 14 July 2002, Barrera died instantly while trying to repair his roof. He was electrocuted when he accidentally touched a metal sheet that was in contact with some high voltage wires. He was 44 years old.
Awards and recognitions.
In 2001, the Nelson Barrera Romellón Stadium, a 6,000-seat ballpark based in Campeche, was inaugurated. In 2003, Barrera was elected to the Mexican Professional Baseball Hall of Fame. In 2007, Barrera was elected to the Caribbean Baseball Hall of Fame.
In 2020, Barrera was selected as the third baseman on the Mexican League Historic Ideal Team by a committee of baseball journalists and historians.
In February 2025, Barrera was selected by a committee of journalists as the third baseman for the Mexican League Centennial All-Time Team on the occasion of the league's hundredth anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="7049620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049620" title="U.S. Route 90 (Texas)">
U.S. Route 90 (Texas)



</doc>
<doc id="7049625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049625" title="Cane Patch">
Cane Patch

The Cane Patch is a historic site near Everglades City, Florida, United States. On November 5, 1996, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="7049626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049626" title="Olympus μ700">
Olympus μ700

The Olympus μ("mju") 700 — also known as the Olympus Stylus 710 in North America — is a 7.1 megapixel ultra-compact digital camera introduced by Olympus Corporation in 2006.
It features a 1/2.3 CCD, a 3x zoom lens, and a weatherproof body like some of the other Olympus Stylus cameras and has a maximum resolution of 3072 × 2304 pixels. It is also the most lightweight camera of the Stylus line, weighing only 103 g without the battery and xD-Picture Card.
The μ700 was available in several different colors: black, silver, orange, and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="7049631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049631" title="Of exorcisms">
Of exorcisms



</doc>
<doc id="7049633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049633" title="Rochlin">
Rochlin



</doc>
<doc id="7049655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049655" title="U.S. Route 67 (TX)">
U.S. Route 67 (TX)



</doc>
<doc id="7049656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049656" title="Dragon Fly (album)">
Dragon Fly (album)

Dragon Fly is the debut album by Jefferson Starship, released on Grunt Records in 1974. It peaked at No. 11 on the Billboard 200, and has been certified a gold album. Credited to Grace Slick, Paul Kantner, and Jefferson Starship, the band itself was a turning point after a series of four albums centering on the partnership of Kantner and Slick during the disintegration of Jefferson Airplane through the early 1970s.
Background.
After Jefferson Airplane's 1972 tour supporting "Long John Silver", the band went on hiatus. Paul Kantner, Grace Slick and David Freiberg worked on "Baron Von Tollbooth and the Chrome Nun" while Slick made her first solo album "Manhole"; both albums used various members of the Airplane, including Jorma Kaukonen and Jack Casady, along with new players like guitarist Craig Chaquico and bassist/keyboardist Pete Sears. Neither album cracked the top 100 on Billboard, and Jack and Jorma seemed disinterested in returning for a new Airplane album and tour. This prompted Kantner and Slick to form a new band without them, consisting of all the members of the last lineup of the Airplane except for Chaquico replacing Kaukonen on guitar and Jorma's brother Peter Kaukonen replacing Casady on bass. The new band, named Jefferson Starship after the credit on Paul's 1970 solo album "Blows Against the Empire" (manager Bill Thompson also thought it made good business sense to keep the Jefferson name), undertook a spring 1974 tour playing a set list drawn largely from the Airplane-related albums of the early 70s including "Blows", "Sunfighter", "Baron Von Tollbooth" and "Manhole". The tour was critically and commercially well-received, which set the stage for the band to record a studio album. Just before this happened, Peter Kaukonen was dropped from the lineup and replaced by Pete Sears.
Songs and recording.
Recording on the album commenced in July 1974 at San Francisco's Wally Heider Studios, where the last three Airplane studio albums had been cut. The sessions were produced by Larry Cox, who had recently produced the Climax hit "Precious and Few" and been recommended to the group by Maurice Ieraci, the manager of Grunt Records. Cox had a contentious initial session with the group, which in his words consisted of "Slick immediately testing me. She'd dish it out until you'd stop her and she'd found your limit. But she never found my limit because I'd always carry it as far as she would go until she got tired of it". That first session, on July 1, produced the Kantner rocker and opening track "Ride The Tiger", with lyrics co-written by Slick and Byong Yu, Grace and Paul's Tae Kwon Do teacher. Kantner later noted that Yu "gave us the reflection on the differences between Asian and Western cultures". "Ride The Tiger" proved a popular number that often opened Jefferson Starship shows for many years. Slick also wrote another song in tribute to Yu using the pun title "Be Young You". Other songs completed early in the sessions included "Come To Life", featuring words by Grateful Dead lyricist Robert Hunter, Chaquico's "That's For Sure", and the Papa John Creach number "Devil's Den", with lyrics by Slick, which showcased his electric violin work.
The sci-fi closing number "Hyperdrive" originated with a series of lyrics Slick had penned several years prior, inspired by her reading the work of architect and futurist Buckminster Fuller. She had been looking for music to go with them but did not find it until rehearsals for the new album when Sears sat at the piano to play some new music he had written. Slick instantly recognized that her words would fit, later noting "I could not believe it because you hardly ever get lyrics to fit music when both of them have been written independently". The song was a complex, multi-sectional progressive rock composition with harpsichord, mellotron, and lengthy solos from Chaquico and Creach.
The lengthy progressive power ballad "Caroline" originated from music by Paul Kantner. Wanting it to have romantic lyrics, he ended up tapping ex-Airplane singer Marty Balin to supply them. Balin had not appeared on an Airplane or Airplane-offshoot album since "Volunteers" in 1969, but the results were so artistically satisfying that he also volunteered to sing the song as a guest artist; his photo even appeared with that of the rest of the band members on the back cover. This collaboration ultimately paved the way for Balin to rejoin his old band mates full time in Jefferson Starship the following year, where he would remain until 1978. For the fall 1974 tour promoting "Dragon Fly", just prior to Marty rejoining as a full time member, Freiberg took lead vocal on the song.
Overall, while the sound of the album still displayed some of the psychedelic and progressive rock stylistic tendencies of the group's past it was more focused and streamlined, with the looser improvisational tendencies of Casady and Kaukonen replaced by tighter, pop-oriented arrangements revolving around more forceful hooks. Similarly, while the lyrics often still retained a philosophical bent ("Ride The Tiger", "Hyperdrive"), the socio-political concerns of the Airplane were largely absent, and "Caroline" foreshadowed a move to more romantic material.
Release and reception.
Released in October 1974, "Dragon Fly" charted at number 11 and received an RIAA gold certification within six months, becoming the biggest success any of them had since Jefferson Airplane's "Bark" in 1971. Two singles were released from the album: "Ride the Tiger" reached #84 on the Billboard Hot 100 and while the follow-up single "Caroline" did not chart, it became an FM staple and was acclaimed as the album's centerpiece, with many listeners excited by Balin's return. In addition, the song "Hyperdrive" was used in the opening ceremonies of the 1976 World Science Fiction Convention, MidAmeriCon, in Kansas City, Missouri.
Critical reaction to the album at the time was mixed to positive. "Billboard" observed there were "several superb rock cuts in the best tradition of Jefferson Airplane and some equally well done ballads", concluding it was the best work the members had come up with in a long time. Bud Scoppa at "Rolling Stone" scoffed that Paul and Grace were "unknowing self-parodists" although he positively concluded that the album was "at worst listenable and at best surprisingly engaging". "Cashbox" enthused "this new Starship LP is well worth a listen as the aforementioned talented people collaborate in making a proactive record", marking "Hyperdrive" as a favorite. Robert Christgau gave the album a C+ but also singled out "Hyperdrive" as a key cut "in which supertechnology (spirit-powered, perhaps?) cuts through corners in time". Retrospectively, William Ruhlmann at AllMusic thought that although the material was uneven, it sounded like the work of a seasoned band; he praised "All Fly Away", "Hyperdrive" and especially "Caroline", which he called "one of the best songs the Airplane/Starship ever did."

</doc>
<doc id="7049659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049659" title="U.S. Route 285 (TX)">
U.S. Route 285 (TX)



</doc>
<doc id="7049665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049665" title="CFB Griesbach">
CFB Griesbach

 CFB Griesbach (Griesbach Barracks) was an army base that was located in the north end of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. The site was named after Major-General William Antrobus Griesbach (1878–1945), a veteran of the Second Boer War, the First World War and the Second World War. Griesbach was also an Edmonton alderman and mayor, and served as a Member of Parliament and a Senator.
History.
The base was established in 1950 as Griesbach Barracks. In 1958, No. 14 Service Prison and Detention Barracks opened at the base and the Second Battalion, Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry was relocated to Griesbach from Currie Barracks in Calgary, Alberta. On 1 April 1966 Griesbach Barracks and RCAF Station Namao were designated CFB Edmonton. In 1970 the Canadian Parachute Training Center was moved to CFB Greisbach from RCAF Station Rivers, Manitoba and the First Battalion, Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry was relocated to Griesbach from Work Point Barracks in Esquimalt, British Columbia.
The site is no longer administered by the Department of National Defence, but was transferred to the Canada Lands Company in 2001 for $17.5 million, considered fair market value at the time. Former lodger units located here included the Canadian Airborne Centre and the Canadian Forces Parachute Maintenance Depot, both of which were moved to CFB Trenton in the mid 1990s, as plans to close the runway at Namao (CFB Edmonton) accelerated.
Much of the former Griesbach Barracks site underwent major redevelopment, with the entire fully re-developed in 2018. Part of the land was purchased from Canada Lands in 2003 by the Capital Care Group, and is now used as a long-term care centre - the Kipnes Centre for Veterans, which was opened in November 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="7049666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049666" title="U.S. Route 385 (TX)">
U.S. Route 385 (TX)



</doc>
<doc id="7049668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049668" title="Miklos Ybl">
Miklos Ybl



</doc>
<doc id="7049682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049682" title="Marvin Lipovsky">
Marvin Lipovsky



</doc>
<doc id="7049689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049689" title="U700,S700">
U700,S700



</doc>
<doc id="7049690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049690" title="Kaleidoscope World (The Chills album)">
Kaleidoscope World (The Chills album)

Kaleidoscope World is a compilation album by New Zealand group The Chills, released in 1986 on Flying Nun Records in New Zealand and on Creation Records in the UK.
The album was a compilation of early singles, plus all the Chills' tracks which featured on the "Dunedin Double EP" and "The Lost EP". It was reissued in 1987 by Flying Nun with a bonus 7-inch single, "I'll Only See You Alone Again"/"Green Eyed Owl". It was re-released again in 2016 by Flying Nun and Captured Tracks with a further seven bonus tracks.
Track listing.
Original 12" vinyl release on Flying Nun Records.
Side A
Side B
Re-release CD on Flying Nun Records – FNE 13CD in 1989.
Re-release CD/2XLP/Digital on Flying Nun Records - FN567 in 2016

</doc>
<doc id="7049695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049695" title="Oulun Palloseura (football)">
Oulun Palloseura (football)

Oulun Palloseura (OPS) is a Finnish professional football club based in Oulu. Founded in 1925, the club is currently competing in the Finnish fourth tier – Kolmonen.
History.
The original Oulun Palloseura ("Oulu Ball Club") was founded in 1925.
Contemporary club which is now called Oulun Palloseura dates back to 2006, when a third-tier club called "FC Dreeverit" was cleared to use the name "OPS-jp". Next year the competition spot went to a registered association called "Oulun Palloseura – jalkapallo ry." and then in 2008 to "Oulun jalkapallon tuki ry." which is founded by Miika Juntunen.
In 2009 OPS-jp won the Group C of Kakkonen (the 3rd tier) and was promoted to Ykkönen. Since 2011 the club has been allowed to use the original name of Oulun Palloseura.

</doc>
<doc id="7049701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049701" title="C 7">
C 7



</doc>
<doc id="7049705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049705" title="Rueben Martinez">
Rueben Martinez

Rueben Martinez (born April 26, 1940 in Miami, Arizona) is an American activist and businessman. He is active in Democratic party politics and runs a barbershop and a Latino-focused bookstore in Santa Ana, California.
Early life.
Seeing no future for himself in the small mining town where he grew up, at the age of seventeen Martinez left Arizona for Southern California. He found a job at the massive Bethlehem Steel plant in Maywood, East Los Angeles, attended night school at Santa Ana College, married and began raising a family. By the standards of his community he was a success, but as the years went by Martinez began to feel that he hadn't yet found an occupation which was 'the right fit.' He quit Bethlehem Steel to explore a series of other jobs in Southern California until finally in the late 1970s he used his savings to open a barbershop in downtown Santa Ana and proceeded to cut hair full-time for over twenty years.
Professional life.
His barber shop in downtown Santa Ana, California was a gathering place in Orange County. His interest in the community and in the needs of small businessmen led him to be active in California Democratic politics, especially among Latinos. He has been a delegate to several nominating conventions.
In 1993, Martinez got an idea that grew from a customer novelty to a national business. Martinez realized that the Latino community in California did not have bookshops that focused on their culture. His small collection of books featuring imported books and Latino and Chicano artists soon outgrew his barbershop. He moved his business around the corner to an empty storefront and turned his attention to the books.
"Librería Martinez Books &amp; Art Gallery" and "Libros Para Niños", a children’s bookstore, are recognized nationwide for showcasing Latino authors and artists. He seeks to make Latino books available to children, and has promoted reading among children of all ages.
MacArthur Fellows Program.
In 2004, Martinez was the recipient of a MacArthur Fellowship. The selection committee cited Martinez for "fusing the roles of marketplace and community center to inspire appreciation of literature and preserve Latino literary heritage."

</doc>
<doc id="7049715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049715" title="Congregation Talmud Torah Adereth El">
Congregation Talmud Torah Adereth El

Congregation Talmud Torah Adereth El, abbreviated as Adereth El, is an Orthodox Jewish synagogue located at 133 East 29th Street, Lower East Side, Manhattan, New York City, New York, United States. 
Founded in 1857, it claims to be the oldest synagogue in its original location with continuous services at the same location. 
History.
The Adereth El synagogue was founded by German Jewish immigrants in the fall of 1857. The synagogue opened a building on its current site on 29th Street in 1863, having purchased the lot for $5,000. The present building, is the result of a 1945 renovation by architect Gustave Iser, followed by a 1994 renovation that "left little of the façade except the Star of David".
Clergy.
Before he died in June 2013 at 100 years of age, Rabbi Sidney Kleiman was both the longest-serving and oldest active congregational rabbi in the United States. Rabbi Kleiman served as the congregation's rabbi since 1939 until 1996, when Rabbi Gideon Shloush joined the synagogue and Rabbi Kleiman became rabbi emeritus. 
After serving for a year in a part-time role, the current rabbi, since July 2021, is Rabbi Shua Mermelstein.
Congregation.
Adereth El's current membership reflects the diversity of its neighborhood, Murray Hill. During the work week, many Jewish businessmen with nearby offices pray at the synagogue. Of note, many Adereth El members are students and faculty at the nearby New York University (NYU) medical center. The synagogue's proximity to the hospital also brings in many hospital patients’ visitors as guests at Adereth El services. In fact, the synagogue typically has multiple weekly baby-naming ceremonies due to the large number of labor and delivery visitors. Additionally, due to Adereth El's location near Yeshiva University’s Stern College for Women, many Stern students regularly attend the synagogue's services.
In 2007, the congregation marked its 150th anniversary with a series of celebrations. A lecture series highlighted the history of Jews in New York City. A gala dinner was held at the Battery Gardens Restaurant in Battery Park in March.

</doc>
<doc id="7049727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049727" title="Coal Mines (Emergency) Act 1920">
Coal Mines (Emergency) Act 1920

The Coal Mines (Emergency) Act 1920 (10 &amp; 11 Geo. 5. c. 4) was an Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom. It became law on 31 March 1920.
It required that the profits of undertakings in the United Kingdom which operated coal mines, during the duration of the Act, were to be aggregated and distributed among the undertakings as provided in Schedule I of the Act. Assets employed in mining were not to be removed, nor profits distributed, without the consent of the Coal Controller. The controller was permitted to make cash advances to enable the output of a mine to be maintained. Contravention of the Act, or of related orders by the Board of Trade, constituted an offence, incurring a fine of £100 plus £10 per day the offence continued.
Subject to Schedule II, the agreement confirmed by the Coal Mines Control Agreement (Confirmation) Act 1918 was to cease from 1 April 1919 and that Act was to be repealed. The Act was to be considered as commencing from 1 April 1919 and remaining in force until 31 August 1920, when the new legislation took effect.

</doc>
<doc id="7049735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049735" title="OPS Oulu">
OPS Oulu



</doc>
<doc id="7049740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049740" title="Ventura Village, Minneapolis">
Ventura Village, Minneapolis

Ventura Village is a neighborhood within the Phillips community in Minneapolis. Its boundaries are Interstate 35W to the west, Interstate 94 (including the I-94/I-35W bottleneck) to the north, and Hiawatha Avenue to the east. The southern boundary runs (from west to east) along East 22nd Street from I-35W to Chicago Avenue, along East 24th Street from Chicago Avenue to 17th Avenue South, and then back up to 22nd Street from 17th Avenue to Hiawatha Avenue (this portion is only about a block long). Franklin Avenue, which runs east–west, acts as the main commercial artery in the neighborhood.
Ventura Village is entirely located within Minneapolis City Council Ward 6, represented by Jamal Osman.
Demographics.
As of 2020, the population of Ventura Village was 7,050, split 51.0% male and 49.0% female. 5,160 are of voting age. 58.6% of residents were at least a high school graduate (or equivalent), and 14.5% had earned a bachelor's degree or higher.
37.3% of the population were foreign-born residents, and 57.6% spoke a language other than English at home. According to the American Community Survey 5-year estimates (2016-2020), the top non-English languages spoken in Ventura Village were Spanish (spoken by 18.2% of the population), Somali (6.1%), Oromo (2.2%), Amharic (1.7%), and Vietnamese (1.3%). 34.1% of residents spoke English less than "very well".
36.1% of households had no access to a vehicle. Among workers 16 years and older, 60.0% commuted to work via car, 16.9% used public transit, and 23.0% walked, biked, worked at home, or used some other method. The medium household income in Ventura Village was $32,131. 37.9% of residents lived below the poverty line, and 9.0% were unemployed. 84.4% of housing in the neighborhood was renter-occupied.

</doc>
<doc id="7049741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049741" title="Demere Key">
Demere Key

Demere Key is an archaeological site west of Pine Island, Florida. On June 13, 1972, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The island is named for its early owner, Lewis Deméré (1813 – c.1880), who was born at St. Simons Island, Georgia. He and his wife, Virginia Clancy Barnard Deméré (1821–1900) and son, Raymond Barnard Deméré (1843–1905) lived on the island until about 1880.

</doc>
<doc id="7049766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049766" title="Kuma–Manych Canal">
Kuma–Manych Canal

The Kuma–Manych Canal () is an irrigation canal in Russia's Stavropol Krai. The canal, completed in 1965, runs across the Kuma–Manych Depression, connecting the Kuma River, which flows into the Caspian Sea, with the East Manych River, which also flows toward the Caspian, but dries out long before reaching it. The East Manych River should not be confused with the West Manych, a tributary of the Don which flows into the Sea of Azov and connects to the Black Sea.
The Kuma–Manych Canal begins near the village of Novokumsky on the Kuma River, between the cities of Budyonnovsk and Neftekumsk. Its starting point is at a small reservoir on the Kuma River () into which the Terek–Kuma Canal (Терско–Кумский канал; completed 1958) brings the Terek water from the south. From there, the Kuma–Manych Canal carries water first toward the north-east, and then toward the north-west, ending at the southern shore of the Chogray Reservoir on the East Manych River; Google Maps show a small peninsula, formed by the alluvial deposits at the canal's end point there ().
Other proposed canals in the area.
In June 2007, the leaders of Kazakhstan suggested that Russia build a much deeper canal (dubbed Eurasia Canal) along the bottom of the Kuma–Manych Depression, suitable for large-ship navigation between the Caspian Sea and the Black Sea. The Kazakhstan Academy of Sciences started conducting a review of possible routes.

</doc>
<doc id="7049768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049768" title="Armor &amp; Sturtevant">
Armor &amp; Sturtevant

Armor and Sturtevant were an American husband and wife musical and recording artist duo that existed from 1991 to 2005. They lived and were based in Erie, Pennsylvania.
Musical genre and instrumentation.
Armor &amp; Sturtevant interpreted folk music from East Africa, Appalachia, and the British Isles, and wrote songs inspired and influenced by various folk traditions, classical music, bluegrass, rock and roll, and jazz. Their collaborative work utilized many instruments including:
Kelly Armor: voice, flute, bass flute, fife, pennywhistle, chivoti, piano, accordion, concertina, bodhrán and various East African hand percussion instruments such as the kalimba and the kayamba.
Dave Sturtevant: voice, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, resophonic guitar, banjo, mandolin, and fiddle.
History.
Armor &amp; Sturtevant toured across the United States and appeared in other countries, performing and offering workshops at opera houses, schools, churches, and multicultural events and festivals. They worked in collaboration with a ballet company, a women's chorus, a flute choir, an African drum and dance ensemble, Appalachian cloggers, a chamber orchestra and a children's choir. They were listed on the Pennsylvania Performing Arts on Tour Roster (and received two grants from them ), and the Pennsylvania Council on the Arts Roster for Arts in Education, and they have been favorably reviewed in "The Plain Dealer", Erie Daily Times, "Dirty Linen" Magazine, the Rockville Gazette and the "Washington Post".
Biographies.
Kelly Armor studied composition at Yale University with David Hicks and Martin Bresnick, and flute performance with Thomas Nyfenger. For 2 years she lived with native families in Kenya and Tanzania, became fluent in Swahili, and collected Pagan, Islamic, and Christian traditional songs, learning to play indigenous flutes and hand percussion instruments. She received a B.A. in Intercultural Studies and Ethnomusicology from the Friends World Program of Long Island University in 1988. She has given workshops and lectures on East African music and culture for the Library of Congress, the National Flute Association, and at Chautauqua Institution. In 1999, she was hired as an oral historian by the Erie Maritime Museum where she collected stories about Erie's lakefront history. She currently serves as the Director of Education and Folk Art at the Erie Art Museum, where she has taught classes as part of the Earth Force Call to Action youth workshop program and has participated in more than 30 long-term residencies with pre-school, elementary, middle school, and adult students. She is active in the Unitarian Universalist Church, and has taught and performed there along with Tanzanian musician Fadhil Nkurlu, and appeared on their radio show "Studio One" with Karen Impola. Other collaborations with Nkurlu include classes at the University of Northern Iowa and Chautaugua Institute in New York State. She also has played with the Great American Gypsies.
Dave Sturtevant learned singing and fiddle from his father (born in the Appalachian foothills of north central Pennsylvania), performing traditional ballads, camp songs, and Lutheran hymns. He studied voice and trumpet in high school and college, and is self-taught on guitar. In 1986 he received a B.S. in Sound Recording Technology from the State University of New York at Fredonia. In 1993 he was a finalist in the Kerrville New Folk Songwriting Contest. His songs have been recorded and performed by other nationally touring folk musicians such as Joe Stead, Dan Duggan, John Kirk, Neal and Leandra, and Sue Trainor..
Recording and broadcast.
Armor and Sturtevant have produced recordings of their own music and performances of musicological interest from other parts of the world. Both of their CDs on the Tatema Music label have garnered air play on folk radio programs nationwide, including National Public Radio's Car Talk, WVBR's Bound for Glory series and internationally on the United States Information Agency's Voice of America. They have also appeared on the albums of Dan Berggren and the Great American Gypsies.

</doc>
<doc id="7049774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049774" title="LCI (France)">
LCI (France)



</doc>
<doc id="7049779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049779" title="Caro diario">
Caro diario

Caro diario () is a 1993 Italian-French semi-autobiographical comedy film written, directed and co-produced by Nanni Moretti, who also stars as himself. The film is structured in three anthological episodes, presented as the chapters of Moretti's open diary, in which he describes his thoughts about various slice of life situations.
The film was selected to compete for the Palme d'Or at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival, where Moretti won the Best Director Award.
Plot.
Chapter I: "In Vespa" ("On My Vespa").
Putting the hot Roman summer to good use, Nanni Moretti dedicates himself to his favorite hobby, riding his Vespa through the streets of the half-deserted city.
Here, Moretti lets the landscape inspire his thoughts: he laments the banalization of politics in contemporary Italian cinema, comments on the gentrification of the quarters of Rome, mocks the overzealous critical reception of movies like "", and confesses his love for dance caused by the movie "Flashdance" – later meeting its star Jennifer Beals. Finally, he visits the place in Ostia where Pier Paolo Pasolini was killed, to pay his respects.
Chapter II: "Isole" ("Islands").
Having to work on an idea for a new movie, Moretti decides to leave Rome for a while for the more peaceful Aeolian Islands. In Lipari he's the guest of his friend Gerardo, an austere scholar who moved there eleven years earlier to better study James Joyce's "Ulysses" without being distracted by modern commodities such as television, which he despises. However, both are unable to find the tranquility they're searching for since the number of tourists has suddenly increased.
They move to Salina, where they are guests of two couples friends of Gerardo, both incapable of managing their hyperactive children, a feature that seems rampant on the entire island. Meanwhile, Gerardo begins watching television and gradually becomes completely addicted to it, and especially to soap operas. They move again, this time to Stromboli, where they are constantly bothered by a megalomaniac mayor who tries to involve them in the oddest projects.
They finally move to Alicudi, frugal and isolated, lacking water and electricity. Here Moretti seems to have found the right place to focus on his project, but soon Gerardo runs away in despair to catch the last ferry, unable to live without his favorite soap operas, while disavowing his ideals and proclaiming undying love for cheap entertainment.
Chapter III: "Medici" ("Doctors").
Moretti clarifies to the audience that the following chapter will be based on a true story happened to him some years earlier; one day, he begins to suffer from persistent itching and insomnia. He visits many doctors and specialists, but they all dismiss him with different diagnosis, prescribing a lot of costly drugs and prohibiting him to eat most of his favorite food. Seeing no improvements, Moretti unsuccessfully tries alternative cures like reflexology and acupuncture.
After almost a year, a doctor notices his developing cough during a visit and suggests him an X-ray. That reveals a mass on his lung, which after a biopsy is discovered to be a still-curable Hodgkin's lymphoma. Moretti successfully goes through chemotherapy and has the lymphoma cured. Sometime later, he reads the definition of Hodgkin's lymphoma in a basic medical encyclopedia, finding out that its most common symptoms are exactly itching and insomnia. Surrounded by the dozens of useless drugs he bought, Moretti laments the incapability of most doctors of listening to their patients, before making a bitter toast "to health" with a glass of water.
Cast.
Source:
Reception.
The film grossed L8.3 billion in Italy It also grossed $3.1 million in France.

</doc>
<doc id="7049791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049791" title="Josslyn Island Site">
Josslyn Island Site

The Josslyn Island Site is an archaeological site composed of a shell mound in Lee County, Florida, United States.
In mid-1983, the shell mound was cleared and mapped by archaeologists from the Southwest Florida Archaeological Society, operating with funds donated by Don Randell, the owner. It was revealed to cover an area of approximately , and some parts of the mound reached a height of more than . Most of the shells in the mound are those of whelks and conchs; noticeably absent are oyster and clam shells. Although the dates of the shells are unknown, they are believed to have been deposited by Calusa peoples during or soon before European contact.
The mound has only rarely been visited since the beginning of the twentieth century; except for a few non-archaeologists who attempted to excavate the site, the 1983 survey was the first known human visit since the site was recorded in 1896. Seeing the high state of preservation in which the Josslyn Island Shell Mound exists, researchers have proposed that it may hold significant stores of knowledge about its creators. In recognition of its archaeological value, the site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It is one of eight Lee County archaeological sites to be included on the Register.

</doc>
<doc id="7049792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049792" title="Torture Taxi">
Torture Taxi

Torture Taxi: On the Trail of the CIA's Rendition Flights is a 2006 book by A. C. Thompson and Trevor Paglen documenting the CIA's extraordinary rendition program.
The authors note the discovery of the program's means of transportation, rendition aircraft, by aviation enthusiasts, who spotted discrepancies in the flights of four aircraft, and correlations between their unusual flight patterns and the list of sites reputed to be the destination for ghost detainees.

</doc>
<doc id="7049803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049803" title="Alsophila × fagildei">
Alsophila × fagildei

Alsophila" × "fagildei is a tree fern endemic to the Sierra de Moa and Sierra del Purial in Guantánamo Province, Cuba. It is a natural interspecific hybrid between "Alsophila minor" and "Alsophila woodwardioides". The spores of "A." × "fagildei" are normal in appearance; Caluff and Serrano (2002) suggest that it might therefore be fertile.
The type material was collected in the headwaters of Río Toa, reserve of Cupeyal del Norte, Guantánamo Province at an altitude of 500 m on August 27, 1986.

</doc>
