<doc id="6954960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6954960" title="Milan Township, Allen County, Indiana">
Milan Township, Allen County, Indiana

Milan Township is one of twenty townships in Allen County, Indiana, United States. Milan Township is located in east central Allen County, with the Maumee River meandering across the township. As of the 2010 census, its population was 3,749. The township is highly rural, with only 1,137 houses in the 2010 census. Many of the residents of Milan Township are Swiss Amish who mostly speak a Low Alemannic Alsatian dialect. Milan township is generally demarcated by Schwartz Road to the west, Notestine Road to the north, Sampson Road to the east, and Gar Creek Road to the south.
Towns and Villages.
The principal town in Milan Township is Milan Center, at 41°8'39"N 84°56'46"W. Milan Center lies at the intersection of Milan Center Road and Doty Road, and at an earlier time consisted of Brueggemann's (previously Van Camp's, a combination lumberyard, gas station, hardware and grocery store), a small wood-frame church, Milan Center School, a feed mill, and four houses. Additional enterprises have come and gone through the years.
Five Points is a settlement located at the junction of Old US Highway 24, Webster Road, and Woodburn Road, along the old Wabash-Erie Canal route. At one time it consisted of a small diner for truckers, a gas station (later a bicycle shop), a tile mill, and a few homes. A newer water tower labeled "Woodlan" near the Woodlan Schools may result in the community being known as "Woodlan" in the coming years.
Gar Creek was once a shipping point on the Wabash and Toledo Railroad. A small community of 500 people eventually settled around the station. In 1883, lumber and grain were the primary exports of the station. Gar Creek enterprises at that time included a shingle manufacturer, two carpenters, a Justice of the Peace, a saw mill, a general store with a railway agent and a Postmaster (Jesse Rothgeb), a blacksmith, a hoop manufacturer, and United Brethren and Lutheran churches. The population at that time was listed as 130.
Thurman was a settlement located on the Detroit branch of the old Wabash Railroad. A few homes and businesses remain to this day. Parts of Thurman were incorporated into Fort Wayne on March 31, 2008 as part of the "Schwartz Road Voluntary Annexation".
Woodlan Schools.
The Maumee-Milan Consolidated School System (constituents: Maumee Township, including the city of Woodburn, and Milan Township) built and dedicated Woodlan High School for the 1959–1960 school year. Located in Milan Township, the school lies just east of Five Points on the Woodburn Road. Students previously attending Harlan High School began attending Woodlan in the autumn of 1965, as the area's smaller school districts had been further consolidated into the East Allen County Schools a year earlier. Junior high and elementary schools are also now located on the campus.
Economy.
The major industries in the county are agriculture, building trades, and rubber manufacturing.
The largest employer in the township is BF Goodrich. The plant manufactures BF Goodrich and generic-branded tires for passenger cars and light trucks. BF Goodrich is a division of Michelin North America. As of 2016, 1,650 workers were employed at the facility located on Old U.S. Highway 24.
Shortly after opening in 1961, the mile-long plant was featured in the national media as the "longest" manufacturing facility in the country at the time. It has been upgraded and expanded subsequently several times. The facility, which lies just east of the Woodlan Schools, comprises the highest-assessed real estate and business personal property value in the East Allen County Schools’ territory. 
Many plant employees are represented by United Steelworkers Local 715.
Laventure’s Reserve.
The indigenous inhabitants of Milan Township were the Algonquian-speaking Miami People.
In the “Treaty with the Miami” executed on October 23, 1826, one section, 640 acres, of Milan Township land was reserved for “Laventure’s daughter”, whose father, Laventure Toucher, was a French trader and whose mother may have been a Miami.
Laventure Toucher had been convicted of treason by the British in Fort Detroit in 1779 during the Revolutionary War. The colonists had recruited neutral French inhabitants of the Detroit region to be spies and sympathizers for the American cause.
The reserved section occupied land bordered now by the Rohman and Platter roads. At the time of Indian Removal in 1846, those Miami who held separate allotments of land were allowed to stay as citizens in Indiana. Around 1872 the reserve was partially sold to non-native settlers, and by 1879, plat books were showing the “first family” Milan Township surnames of Lampe, Vondereau, Shafer, Bruick, Landin, and Yerks on that land.
Although the Indiana Miami were recognized by the US in an 1854 treaty, that recognition was stripped in 1897. While an Indiana Miami Nation still exists to this day, the officially US-recognized relocated Miami Nation resides in Oklahoma. In 1980, the Indiana legislature recognized the Indiana Miami and voted to support federal recognition.
Early settlement prior to 1880.
Milan Township was first organized by the County Commissioners in March, 1838, being petitioned for, and named by, resident Stephen Heath, in honor of Milan Township, Huron County, Ohio: his former home (the township now resides in neighboring Erie County). The origin of the “Milan” name in Huron and Erie Counties, Ohio remains obscure.
Charles Shriner erected the first frame house in 1838. It was attached to a log building. Alvin Hall erected the second frame house in 1841. William R. Herrick erected the first frame barn in the spring of 1850.
The first road was surveyed in 1840 by Horace Taylor. It was called the Ridge Road, and extended from Fort Wayne to Hicksville, Ohio. The first stores in the township were operated by Stephen Heath and Lorenzo D. George.
The first township election was held in April, 1842; Andrew Wakefield was elected Justice of the Peace, and John Nettle, Constable. The positions were voluntary, as there were no salaries.
Amish settlement began in 1852–1853, when eleven wagons carrying fifty-two people, mainly recent immigrants from the Alsace, migrated to Allen County from Stark County, Ohio. Peter Graber was the first bishop. Three distinct divisions subsequently evolved in the community: the most-conservative Old Order Amish, the more progressive Amish-Mennonites, and the most liberal, the "Defenseless" (Egli) Mennonites.
The Village of Fairport.
The settlement of Fairport, the first village in the township, was created by Eastern venture capitalists attempting to capitalize on the newly created Wabash and Erie Canal. The first post office was established at Fairport in 1843, with John Irvin being appointed Postmaster. Fairport straddled portions of Township Sections 13 and 24, in the far eastern part of the township, just south of the Maumee River.
The heyday of the canal was 1847 to 1866, but the canal ultimately closed in 1878 as both shippers and passengers demonstrated a preference for utilizing the Wabash railroad instead, which had been built parallel to the canal. Fairport ultimately foundered as the canal foundered; the settlement became defunct and the site quickly reverted to farmland.
George Foxtater and John Irvin were the first tavern-keepers in the township, in Fairport.
Chamberlain Settlement.
The village of Chamberlain arose when one of the first township settlers, Alvin Hall, requested that a post office be placed in the “western part of the township.” The request was granted, and Lorenzo D. George became the appointed postmaster. Chamberlain, located just southwest of Barnett Chapel on the Old Ridge Road in Section 4 of the township, began its own decline around 1870, and the post office was relocated to St. Joseph Township at that time.
One-room district schoolhouses.
Support for rural public schools originated with the Federal Land Ordinance of 1785, which began the land surveys that laid out townships and sections across the growing nation. Every township was to consist of thirty-six sections containing 640 acres each. Section 16 and later, in 1848, section 36, were set aside to support schools.
That ordinance largely failed in Indiana, but a few townships actually did use their surveyed “Section 16’s” for educational purposes, as prescribed in the ordinance.
Following statehood in 1816, the Indiana General Assembly then passed a complex series of acts (in 1824, 1849, and 1852) to organize and develop the public school system at the state, county, and township levels. School districts were created and given the authority to establish district schools at the township level. School district representatives were to be elected to the township trustees. State and local tax-support was provided on a county-by-county basis.
A number of schoolhouses were then built soon following 1852, but the majority were ultimately constructed following the Civil War. By 1900, over 8,000 one-room schools stood statewide.
Later, with changes in demographics and the onset of school consolidations, the General Assembly gave the State Superintendent the means to close districts where attendance was under 12 pupils.
Today there are over 700 surviving one-room schoolhouse structures in Indiana; the majority of these date from 1865 - 1900.
Milan Township had at least 13 “District” schools.
What was to become “District School No. 1” was actually the first school constructed in the township. It opened in a log building in 1845; the first teacher was Catherine Shell. The structure was replaced by a frame building in 1857 when it officially became a District School. That building was erected by Alvin Hall, who was the first carpenter in the township.
While "Brush College" appears to have been a popular designation at the time (i.e., the term was also used in Cedar Creek Township and in Huntington County), some muse that this one-room district schoolhouse in the "brushy woods" may have been a site to train teachers.
Cholera, malaria, and smallpox.
While all of these diseases are unheard of in the township today, each of these potentially life-ending scourges touched Milan Township at an earlier time. Groundbreaking on the Wabash and Erie Canal was 1832, and the canal was ultimately finished in 1856. Along the way to completion, it was said that a construction worker passed away from either cholera or malaria for every 6 feet of the canal being built. The length of the canal was 452 miles, from Toledo, OH to Evansville, IN.
In November 1899 an epidemic of smallpox was “prevailing in Milan Township,” according to a Fort Wayne Journal-Gazette article from the time. A cluster of cases six miles southeast of Maysville “in a heavily populated area” was described, apparently stretching to the Ohio Line. Homes of infected individuals were placed under total police-supervised quarantine and all individuals exposed to those cases were placed under quarantine. Milan Center School was ordered by the health department to be closed until the threat of contagion had passed. Of interesting note was a particular smallpox-associated odor which could be detected outside each of the infected households.
Iron span bridges.
There are only two bridges spanning the Maumee River in Milan Township. The following original iron bridges have both been replaced with reinforced concrete structures.
Platter’s Ford Bridge.
On July 1, 1876, the County Commissioners announced they were letting bids for the first township bridge to be built, at “Platter’s Ford”.
On August 15, the bid for the foundation was awarded to Chas. Bosseker &amp; Co. Nine additional bids for the iron supra-structure were also unsealed at the time.
In 1896 (and at several times following), a driftwood dam almost destroyed the completed structure, which was described as having two 100-ft long iron spans suspended on a huge center pier.
Schlink Farm Bridge.
It took residents multiple attempts over a four-period, petitioning County Commissioners, in order for the Schlink Bridge to be built. Finally in 1906, the Commissioners met with residents on the site at the Schlink Farm to review the proposal, and it was thereafter finally agreed that the county would spend $15,000 to construct the iron bridge.
The bridge on the Bruick Road is now a vital link connecting US Hwy 24 to northern township areas across the river.
Cutting-edge mid-20th century technology.
In the mid-20th century, telephone communication across relatively short distances could be prohibitively expensive. Northern Milan township had traditionally been served by the Harlan telephone exchange, and southern Milan township by the New Haven telephone exchange. To make a call between differing exchanges, one could incur so-called "long distance" surcharges. Brueggemann's store at Milan Center served as a progressive business and community center by having telephones from both exchanges. The New Haven telephone exchange was purchased by the Home Telephone company in Fort Wayne, which was itself subsequently acquired by General Telephone of Indiana. The Harlan telephone company was also eventually acquired by General Telephone of Indiana. General Telephone is now a part of Verizon.
Geology.
May Sand and Gravel once operated a stone quarry located along Old US 24, across from the BF Goodrich tire plant. Core samples were collected by researchers Doheny, Droste, and Shaver from the Indiana Geological Survey and Indiana University in 1975. The researchers catalogued a stratum of fossil sediment containing dolomite (calcium magnesium carbonate) and subsequently described its distribution from an origin in Northwestern Indiana, through veins to northeastern Indiana with varying thickness, erosion, and displacement by other strata along the way. 
Termed the “Milan Center Dolomite Member”, the name was taken from “Milan Center Township”["sic"], in which the Woodburn Quarry was located. This Milan Center Member was classified to be “Eifelian” in age.
In later prehistory and into the frontier days, Milan Township laid nearly entirely within the far western area of a glacial valley described today as the Great Black Swamp. Then in the 19th century, its wetlands were drained for travel, settlement, and agriculture. Stands of old-growth forests were felled and used for timber interests upon settlement. The Great Black Swamp extended eastward and downward from the old "Ridge Road," which is now Maysville Road.
The Maumee River flows through the township in a northeast course, and Twelve Mile and Ten Mile Creeks flow through the central part, joining the Maumee. Six Mile Creek drains the southwestern part of the township.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, Milan Township covers an area of ; of this, is land and , or 0.83%, is water.
Locations of interest.
Cemeteries.
From the Allen County INGenWeb Project
Historically significant churches.
The first township religious meeting was held at Catherine Shell's Ridge Road log schoolhouse, in 1845. Services were conducted by the Rev. True Pattee, affiliated with the M. E. Church. The district schools were the first meeting places of various religious denominations, as no township church buildings were erected prior to 1880.
From the Allen County INGenWeb Project
Other historically significant structures and sites.
Table originally from Rootsweb and the Allen County INGenWeb Project
Notable people.
John Chapman, “Johnny Appleseed” (1774-1845) Itinerant Swedenborgian missionary, nurseryman. At the time of his death, operated a 15,000-apple-tree nursery in Milan township. Buried in Archer Park, Fort Wayne.

</doc>
<doc id="6954962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6954962" title="Mark Foy's">
Mark Foy's

Mark Foy's Limited or Mark Foy's was a department store in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, founded by Francis Foy and his brother Mark Foy. The department store was named after their father, Mark Foy (senior), and traded between 1885 and 1980.
Trading history.
After first establishing their store on Oxford Street in 1885, the Foy brothers opened Mark Foy's Piazza Store in 1909 on Liverpool Street. This was a three-storey store (two floors plus basement) designed by architects Arthur McCredie &amp; Arthur Anderson with a turreted mansard roof. The building was partially modelled on the Parisian Le Bon Marche department store. Its piazza, chandeliers, marble, and sumptuous ballroom made it a Sydney institution and one of Australia's foremost fashion stores. The store had Australia's first escalator. The store stretched around a whole city block and gave rise to the colloquial saying, when referring to a person of overweening confidence, "You've got more front than Mark Foy's." The store was remodelled in 1927. The store was linked in 1926 to the newly opened Museum Railway Station by underground subway.
The company had its most profitable year in 1954/1955. With the decline of the Liverpool street area in the 1950s and 1960s, Mark Foys began to experience financial decline declaring its first financial loss in 1966/1967.
A store was opened at Rockdale in 1963 in the Southside Plaza (now Rockdale Plaza). The Rockdale store was extensively damaged by fire in 1967. Rebuilt, it became a McDowells store and then was rebranded as Waltons in 1972. In 1964 Mark Foy's opened a store in the Sydney suburb of Eastwood and in 1966 at Burwood in the Burwood Westfield Shopping Town. The Eastwood Store became a McDowells store and then a Waltons. Other stores were opened across Sydney's suburbs at Chatswood, Northbridge, Double Bay, Bankstown, Bondi Junction Plaza, Pymble, Spit Junction, Roselands Shopping Centre and Canberra, as well as in Centrepoint, on 252 George Street as well as its mid-city attempt on King Street elsewhere in Sydney's central business district.
In 1968 Mark Foy's was taken over by McDowells Holding Ltd. In 1972, McDowells was in turn acquired by Waltons. After Waltons was split in 1987, six stores were sold to George Bloomfield of Australian clothing manufacturer Wraggs. The stores still trading as Mark Foys, were sold again to Clothing retailer Richards in November 1986.
In 1980, when it ceased trading after going into receivership, the City Piazza building briefly became "Grace Bros Piazza" until 1982. The natural shift of the retailing hub further north of the CBD, around Pitt Street Mall, led to its closure.
The City Piazza building is now used as a complex of state courthouses known as the Downing Centre. However, its former role is preserved in the ornate tilework on the facade and surroundings. The Mark Foy's warehouse is a heritage brownstone building located on nearby Goulburn Street, which has been converted into residential apartments known as Sydney Mansions.
Ice skating rink.
An ice skating rink was installed on the fifth floor of the store as part of a Swiss alpine setting for the presentation of skating costumes and evening gowns. The miniature rink opened at lunchtime on 11 April 1950 for the fashion parade titled "Fashion Fantasy On Ice", which would have a duration of 10 days. There was the prospect of customers being able to use the miniature ice rink.
Mark Foys and sectarianism.
It is claimed that the Foy family, Irish-born Roman Catholics, would only employ Catholics and stocked uniforms of the major Catholic schools, in an environment when government organisations had a policy to not employ Catholics, while David Jones specialised in Anglican school uniforms.
Other business interests.
Mark Foy also founded the Hydro Majestic Hotel at Medlow Bath, and Australia's oldest open-boat sailing club, the Sydney Flying Squadron, founded in 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="6954963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6954963" title="Rasterman">
Rasterman



</doc>
<doc id="6954979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6954979" title="Jewish Mysticism">
Jewish Mysticism



</doc>
<doc id="6954981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6954981" title="Bombardment of Valparaíso">
Bombardment of Valparaíso

The bombardment of Valparaíso on 31 March 1866 took place during the Chincha Islands War, when a Spanish fleet shelled, burned and destroyed the undefended port of Valparaíso.
Background.
After the humiliating defeat at the Battle of Papudo and the indecisive Battle of Abtao, Rear Admiral Casto Méndez Núñez was ordered to take punitive action against South American ports. When the Chilean government ordered that vessels supplying or communicating with the Spanish fleet should not be allowed to enter Chilean ports, Méndez Núñez's first target became the most important and undefended Chilean city of Valparaíso.
Attempts at mediation.
Efforts to mediate were initially steered by European diplomats whose countrymen were most affected by the initial blockade of Chilean ports and by the threat of bombardment. High-level contacts took place intensively in late 1865 and early 1866 between London, Paris, and Madrid. A formula to resolve the conflict appeared, at one stage, to have been secured. In the final two weeks, the United States was especially active. The American minister to Chile, General Hugh Judson Kilpatrick and the U.S. naval commander John Rodgers, who was at port commanding a United States Navy squadron composed of the ironclad monitor and the warships , , and , attempted a last-minute settlement with the Spanish admiral. To that effect they enlisted the cooperation of the commander of the British Pacific Station, Rear Admiral Joseph Denman, who had under his command two warships: and . The British commander, despite coming under great pressure from British merchants in the city, after consulting with the chief British diplomat in Chile William Taylour Thomson, decided to enforce strict neutrality, refusing to let his ships cooperate. Thomson himself was more concerned with the well-being of Spanish civilians in Chile than with the concerns of the British merchants in Chile and did not want the Royal Navy to do anything to provoke the Spanish.
Ultimately, all the attempts at mediation failed, as the chief condition of Admiral Méndez Núñez was the proper salute to the Spanish flag, the return by the Chileans of the captured schooner "Covadonga" and the immediate payment of a crippling indemnity. The talks broke over the matter of the flag salute. When General Kilpatrick threatened to defend the port with the US squadron and attack the Spanish fleet, Admiral Méndez Núñez famously responded with, "I will be forced to sink [the US ships], because even if I have one ship left I will proceed with the bombardment. Spain, the Queen and I prefer honor without ships than ships without honor." Consequently the Spanish Admiral, notwithstanding the protest of the diplomatic corps, gave notice on March 27 to all neutrals to evacuate the city.
Bombardment.
At 7 am on March 31, the Spanish fleet took positions in front of their targets. It consisted of "Numancia", "Resolución", , , "Vencedora", and . The frigate remained behind to guard against the possible escape of the merchant fleet. At 8.10 AM, the "Numancia" discharged two shots as final notice and to give opportunity for the people still in town to take cover. The bombardment itself started at 9 am and lasted for three hours without fire being returned, as Valparaíso was totally defenseless.
The Spanish bombarded the town unhindered. The loss in public and private property was estimated at $1,000,000, and in merchandise at $9,000,000, huge sums at the time. A 2011 account suggests that in that year's money the losses amounted to the equivalent of around $224,000,000.
The action created an international scandal. While the Spanish were heavily criticized for attacking an unarmed city, so too was the British government for not employing its own naval force to protect the lives and property of its own nationals. Most of the losses were actually endured by British merchants, and a large argument developed in the British Parliament when news arrived in May 1866.
Painting.
James McNeill Whistler, who was on board the American ships, painted his famous "Nocturne in Blue and Gold: Valparaíso Bay" the night before the bombardment. It shows the Chilean merchant fleet at its moorings where it would be destroyed the next morning.

</doc>
<doc id="6954983" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6954983" title="David Roberts (climber)">
David Roberts (climber)

David Stuart Roberts (May 29, 1943 – August 20, 2021) was an American climber, mountaineer, college professor, and author of books and articles about climbing and the history of the American Southwest. He was particularly noted for his books "The Mountain of My Fear" and "Deborah: A Wilderness Narrative", chronicling major ascents in Alaska in the 1960s, which had a major impact on the form of mountaineering literature.
Early life and climbing in Alaska.
Roberts was born in Denver, Colorado, on May 29, 1943. His father, Walter Orr Roberts, was an astronomer and scientist who headed the Harvard College Observatory in nearby Boulder; his mother, Janet Naomi Smock Roberts, was elected to its city council. Roberts attended Boulder High School, before studying mathematics at Harvard University, graduating in 1965. He was a member of and former president of the Harvard Mountaineering Club where he led exploratory first ascents of many peaks in Alaska. He went on to receive a Ph.D. in English from the University of Denver in 1970. 
In thirteen seasons spent in the Alaskan wilderness, Roberts was well known for many first ascents, including the Wickersham Wall on Denali, the west rib of Mount Huntington, climbing in the Western Brooks Range and the Kichatna Spires, and on the east face of Mount Dickey. Roberts also named Alaska's Revelation Mountains, giving many of the peaks Biblical names because he had been reading the Bible as part of his English literature studies at the time.
Career.
Roberts was a professor of literature at Hampshire College, in Amherst, Massachusetts, from 1970 to 1979. He also designed the college's Outdoors Program. He was often acknowledged as the "dean" of American climbing literature and published extensively on mountaineering. He ultimately authored 32 books on the subject, as well as the celebrated adventures of historical figures. These included books on the Ancestral Puebloans and a biography on Jean Stafford.
Roberts also mentored other writers, most notably Jon Krakauer, who he taught at Hampshire. He contributed to "Outside", as well as "National Geographic", "National Geographic Adventure", and "The Atlantic Monthly". His final book, "Into the Great Emptiness: Peril and Survival on the Greenland Ice Cap", is scheduled to be released in mid-2022, one year after his death.
Personal life.
Roberts married Sharon Morris in 1967. They did not have children. They resided in Cambridge, Massachusetts, before moving to Watertown.
Roberts died on August 20, 2021, at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston. He was 78, and was diagnosed with stage IV throat cancer six years before his death.

</doc>
<doc id="6955000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955000" title="John Guarini">
John Guarini



</doc>
<doc id="6955002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955002" title="RoE">
RoE



</doc>
<doc id="6955008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955008" title="S1000-class submarine">
S1000-class submarine

The S1000-class submarine was a joint development by Russia and Italy, said to be an advanced version of the . The joint development was between Rubin Design Bureau of Russia and Fincantieri of Italy. The project was suspended in 2014.
History.
It was reported in 2005 that Fincantieri of Italy had entered into a partnership with Russia's Rubin Design Bureau to design a new diesel-electric submarine based on the Russian and featuring air independent propulsion (AIP) technology. In October 2006 at the Euronaval international arms show in France, Russia and Italy presented a mock-up model of a new-generation diesel submarine called S1000.
In July 2014 it was reported that Fincantieri requested indefinite postponement of the project, citing political situation resulting from Russia's involvement in Ukraine crisis. , the project is likely still suspended.
The project may not continue as Russia is moving forward with their "Lada"-class submarine and Italy is building two additional German Type 212 submarines in addition to the four already completed.
Design.
The submarine was designed for anti-submarine and anti-ship warfare, reconnaissance missions, and transportation of up to 12 troops. It would have been long, have a top speed of and be equipped with a new fuel cell-powered AIP system developed by Italy.
Designed primarily for exports to third countries, the new submarine was to feature Italian heavyweight, wire-guided Black Shark torpedoes and the Russian Club-S cruise missile system capable of hitting underwater, surface and land targets.
Exports.
Both Fincantieri and Rubin gave a joint presentation to the Indian Navy offering to build six S1000 boats for $8.1 billion for its Project 75I-class submarine programme. The other contenders for the project included the of France, the Type 214 submarine of Germany, and the "Amur" class from Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="6955016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955016" title="Michael G. Moye">
Michael G. Moye

Michael George Moye (born August 11, 1954) is an American photographer and a former television writer and producer. In his television career he has written for shows such as "The Jeffersons", "Diff'rent Strokes", "Good Times", and "227", and produced "It's Your Move" and "The Jeffersons". His best-known work is the 1987 series "Married... with Children", created with Ron Leavitt for the then-fledgling Fox network.
Early career.
Moye began his career in 1977 with a staff writing position on "Good Times". Between 1979 and 1984, he wrote for "The Jeffersons", and in 1982 he co-developed "Silver Spoons", which ran for five seasons. He also co-developed both "It's Your Move" and "227" (with Bill Boulware), the latter under alias C.J. Banks.
"Married... with Children".
"Married... with Children", created by Moye and Leavitt in 1987 for the Fox network, was called an "anti-family" series or "the anti-Cosby", Moye and Leavitt being fed up with the idealized family of the sitcoms of the 1980s. They created the couple Al-Peggy by imagining a fictional union between Roseanne Barr and Sam Kinison.
Moye was a producer and a writer on the show for most of its run, and had a hand in writing a series-leading 25 episodes as well as having a few cameo appearances on screen. The show ran for 11 seasons and was credited with keeping the fledgling Fox network "in the black for five or six years." The show has been the target of conservative political campaigns several times. In 1993, he refused to modify a two-episode show (the one where Al Bundy lobbies in Congress after his favorite show "Psycho Dad" was cancelled), accusing instead Fox to be too soft with censorship regulators.
Personal life.
Moye retired from television in 1995 and is now a photographer and an avid coral reef aquarium hobbyist. He has two children from two marriages.
In 1992, Michael G. Moye acquired a 13,749-square-feet estate in Conyers Farm in Greenwich
 Connecticut, for $1.5 million. It was put up for sale for $8.595 million in November 2017. He also owned a house in Encino that he sold for $1.65 million in 2017, and bought a 2000-square-feet residence on sugar sand beaches in North Carolina in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="6955017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955017" title="Danger Dave, Action Kid">
Danger Dave, Action Kid



</doc>
<doc id="6955020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955020" title="Andrew Kline">
Andrew Kline

Andrew William Kline (born October 5, 1976) is an American former professional football player. Kline was selected by St. Louis Rams in the seventh round of the 2000 NFL draft with the 220th overall pick.
Early life.
Andrew attended Beverly Hills High School in Beverly Hills, California, and began playing football in ninth grade. He was a four-year starter at Beverly Hills High and played both offensive and defensive tackle. As a senior, he registered 62 tackles, six sacks, four tackles for loss, five fumbles caused, four fumbles recovered and two pass defections. Top game was against North Torrance High when he notched 14 tackles. He was a First-team All-CIF, All-Ocean League and All-Los Angeles Times West Side selection. Kline was a pre-season All-American candidate. Also competed in track and field as a shot putter and on the Varsity basketball team. Kline was coached and mentored by high-school football coaching legend, Carter Paysinger. Paysinger dedicated a chapter in his New York Times best-selling book, "Where a Man Stands" on Paysinger and Kline's unique journey through adversity together.
College career.
Kline was a 1999 All-Mountain West Conference selection and manned the right guard position on what was considered by many one of the finest offensive lines in San Diego State history. During his senior season, he graded out at 88.6% and made 38 knockdowns and registered 33 other big blocks the most among the team's offensive lineman—and a school record. He helped the offense average 382.4 yards-per-game.
Kline lined up at right guard in 1998, collecting 30 knockdown blocks, the most among the team's offensive lineman. He graded out at 86.1% for the season, giving up 1.5 sacks and six pressures on the year as the offense averaged 186.6 yards-per-game rushing. In 1997, he started seven games, seeing action at quick tackle and strongside guard. In 1996, he saw action with the first and second unit at guard and tackle while also performing on the special teams/kicking units. In 1995, he redshirted as a freshman.
Professional career.
Pre-draft.
Kline was a seventh-round pick of the St. Louis Rams in 2000, and the 220th pick overall. He was on the Rams squad from 2000 to 2002. He retired in 2003 due to multiple concussions suffered while playing.
Kline was inducted in to the Jewish Sports Hall-of-Fame in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="6955029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955029" title="Cabrillo Marine Aquarium">
Cabrillo Marine Aquarium

Cabrillo Marine Aquarium is a public aquarium in the San Pedro neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. The aquarium interprets both the physical processes of oceanography and marine biology of Southern California by use of displays and educational programs for the public. The aquarium is operated by the City of Los Angeles Department of Recreation and Parks.
The original building was a small structure that welcomed visitors until there was a move to a much larger structure designed by Frank Gehry in 1981. The 2004 expansion was designed by Barton Phelps &amp; Associates.
History.
The aquarium began in 1935 as a collection of marine specimens stored in the Cabrillo Beach Bathhouse. In 1949, John Olguin, captain of the Cabrillo Beach lifeguards, was appointed director of the museum. He popularized the aquarium by giving impromptu tours to visiting school groups as well as starting the popular evening program of viewing and learning about the bizarre grunion mating practices on the beach.
On October 21, 1981, the new $3 million, Frank Gehry–designed museum opened and the old museum closed. Throughout the 1990s, the museum experienced significant growth and in 1993 its name was changed from Cabrillo Marine Museum to the Cabrillo Marine Aquarium to highlight its living collections. It expanded its public programs sector and added an Ocean Outreach Education program, a discovery lab, and a child volunteer program named Sea Rangers. They also created a non-profit, called the Friends of the Cabrillo Marine Aquarium, to assist in funding. In 2004, the facility expanded with an Exploration Center, the S. Mark Taper Foundation Courtyard, an Aquatic Nursery research lab and the Virginia Reed Moore Research Library. In October 2010, it celebrated its 75-year anniversary.
The COVID-19 pandemic hit the aquarium hard, with them losing many staff and members. But throughout the pandemic, while they were closed, they renovated multiple sections of the aquarium.
Architecture.
The original one-story, facility was designed by Frank Gehry &amp; Associates. It features indoor and outdoor exhibit spaces, an auditorium, wet laboratories and offices around a central open space wrapped in chain-link fencing. Free-standing tanks served by exposed electrical and plumbing systems openly display mechanical functions.
In 2000, Los Angeles commissioned Barton Phelps &amp; Associates to prepare a master plan for a phased expansion. A two-story addition houses wet labs, offices, and the Moore Research Library. A fiberglass sculptural screen fronts the expanded complex.

</doc>
<doc id="6955047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955047" title="Ohio Wesleyan University Library">
Ohio Wesleyan University Library

The Ohio Wesleyan University Library is the library system of Ohio Wesleyan University in Delaware, Ohio. It comprises five individual libraries and is the second largest academic library in Ohio among liberal arts colleges, ranked by number of volumes held. Organized into 3 major divisions (main collection, science collection and a music collection), in 2005 it held 600,000 printed volumes in open stacks, 800,000 microfilms and microfiches, and a total of 140,000 maps, motion pictures, DVDs, sound recordings, and computer files in its collections, in addition to extensive digital resources and the University Archives.
History.
Initially, the system was a collection of 9000 volumes stored in Slocum Hall. Slocum Hall, built in 1898 served as the University library until 1966 when Beeghly Library was built. Holdings include a strong rare book collection, a solid representation of 19th century periodicals, and print and electronic subscriptions to thousands of periodicals. Housed in Beeghly is one of the country's oldest government publications depositories. All libraries are linked by an integrated online catalog and circulation system, CONSORT.
Initiatives.
Government documents collection plays an active role in furthering online archiving of scientific and historical documents at the school. The Ohio Wesleyan University Beeghly Library has been a federal depository for government publications since 1845, and is one of the oldest continuous federal depository libraries in the United States. The library receives approximately 26% of all publications available for selection through the Federal Depository Library Program, which distributes millions of U.S. government publications to libraries across the countries.
The CONSORT integrated library system is shared with Denison University, Kenyon College, and the College of Wooster and provides access to the combined holdings of all four colleges. The project is aimed at enabling resource sharing with each other and OhioLINK.
The primary purpose of cooperative collection development activities by the four CONSORT Colleges is to maximize the strength, currency, and diversity of the individual collections. A secondary purpose is the simultaneous containment of costs by reducing unnecessary duplication of library materials and the deliberate purchase of more specific materials that would not have been purchased otherwise. The four libraries will also continue to explore and adopt policies and procedures for increased sharing and timely delivery of materials.

</doc>
<doc id="6955059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955059" title="Love Is A Four Letter Word">
Love Is A Four Letter Word



</doc>
<doc id="6955065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955065" title="C. Stanley Lewis">
C. Stanley Lewis

C. Stanley Lewis, or Stanley Lewis (born 1941) is an artist and art teacher. He was a member of the Bowery Gallery in New York City from 1986 to 2008 and of the Oxbow Gallery in Northampton, Massachusetts. Lewis is currently represented by the Betty Cuningham Gallery in New York City.
An emeritus professor from American University, Lewis also taught at the Kansas City Art Institute from 1969 to 1986, and currently teaches part-time at the New York Studio School. In addition, Lewis has taught at Kansas City Art Institute, Smith College, and the Parsons School of Design. In 2001, he was Artist-in-Residence at Dartmouth College. "Recent group exhibitions in 2009 include the American Academy of Arts &amp; Letters Invitational; Haverford College and Gross-McCleaf Gallery, PA." Lewis has been the recipient of many awards, including the Altman Prize, a Henry Ward Ranger Purchase Award from the National Academy of Design, and a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2005. He was also a Danforth Fellow.
There was a major retrospective of Lewis' work at the American University Museum in the Katzen Arts Center in Washington, D.C. in 2007. He is a graduate of Wesleyan University and received both a BFA and an MFA from the Yale School of Art.
In a 2011 review in "The Brooklyn Rail" of Lewis's recent work, Ben La Rocco writes, "Lewis's paintings are questions. How can paint address the quality of light and presence of a place so as to rival the experience of the place itself?"
External links.
links to images of work by Stanley Lewis:

</doc>
<doc id="6955075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955075" title="Amapceo">
Amapceo



</doc>
<doc id="6955089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955089" title="Cindy “Mac” Mackenzie">
Cindy “Mac” Mackenzie



</doc>
<doc id="6955106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955106" title="Conewago Creek (west)">
Conewago Creek (west)

Conewago Creek is an tributary of the Susquehanna River in Adams and York counties in Pennsylvania in the United States, with its watershed also draining a small portion of Carroll County, Maryland. The source is at an elevation of , east of Caledonia State Park, in Franklin Township in Adams County. The mouth is the confluence with the Susquehanna River at York Haven in York County at an elevation of .
Name.
The name of the creek comes from the Lenape, meaning "at the rapids", although the rapids are not on Conewago Creek. Instead, the rapids are the Conewago Falls beyond the creek's mouth in the Susquehanna River, which also give their name to the other Conewago Creek, whose mouth is on the east bank of the Susquehanna River in Dauphin and Lancaster counties, only north of the mouth of this Conewago Creek.
Course.
Conewago Creek flows east , then northeast to its mouth. The source is in Franklin Township in Adams County, and the mouth is at the Susquehanna River at York Haven in York County.
Watershed.
The Conewago Creek watershed has a total area of and is part of the larger Chesapeake Bay drainage basin via the Susquehanna River. of the watershed are in Maryland, and the rest is located in Pennsylvania. 50.22% of Adams County is drained by Conewago Creek and its tributaries, while 26.96% of York County is in the creek's watershed.
Recreation.
Canoeing: Edward Gertler writes that Conewago Creek is "a dull creek.. if you have seen one mile of Conewago, you have seen it all". Canoeing and kayaking on Conewago Creek are possible when the water is high enough (in spring and after hard rain), with of Class A to Class 1 whitewater located upstream of the mouth.
Fishing: A small section of Conewago Creek in western Adams County has been designated as approved trout waters by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission. This means the waters will be stocked with trout and may be fished during trout season. Further downstream in Adams County there is a small "catch and release" section of the creek.
The creek is home to a variety of fish including smallmouth bass, walleye, bluegill, rock bass, sunfish, carp, channel catfish, flathead catfish, yellow perch, rainbow trout, muskellunge and crappie.
Bridges and dams.
There are many crossings and dams, some of which are named:

</doc>
<doc id="6955110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955110" title="Manhattantown">
Manhattantown

Manhattantown, now known as Park West Village or West Park Apartments, was a massive urban renewal project in New York City's Manhattan Valley neighborhood (formerly known as the Bloomingdale District). The project, which stretched between West 96th and West 100th streets, bordering Central Park West, was funded by Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, which financed slum clearance under urban redevelopment initiatives. Allegations of corruption were leveled soon after the project's inception in the spring of 1949, culminating in hearings in the Senate's Banking and Currency Committee in 1954.
But the Senate hearings garnered little publicity. It was not until 1956 that a series of investigative articles in the "World Sun-Telegram" by Gene Gleason and Fred Cook revealed the extent of the mismanagement. It was the first instance in which Robert Moses' practice of "honest graft"—the method by which Slum Clearance chairman Moses distributed premiums, contracts and retainers to favored and incompetent friends—was revealed in the press. Under Title I, the plot of tenements worth $15 million (equivalent to $ million in ) had been sold, for $1 million (equivalent to $ million in ), to developer Samuel Caspert, charged with building public housing. Instead of relocating occupants, bulldozing the slum, and constructing public housing, Caspert and Co. merely sat on the newly acquired property collecting millions in rents. In the end, the city was forced to facilitate the transfer of Manhattantown to another developer, William Zeckendorf.

</doc>
<doc id="6955112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955112" title="Aristide Boucicaut">
Aristide Boucicaut

Aristide Boucicaut (; July 14, 1810 – December 26, 1877) was a French entrepreneur who turned Le Bon Marché into the first modern department store.
Background.
Boucicaut was born in Bellême, a commune in the Orne department of France, on 14 July 1810. He was the son of the owner of a small shop that sold fabrics, ribbons and other items for a woman's wardrobe.
Career.
Early career.
Boucicaut worked in the family shop, then, at the age of 18, as a street vendor selling fabrics. In 1834 he moved to Paris and went to work in a novelty store on rue de Bac, the Petit Saint-Thomas, which sold women's clothing, hats, fabrics and other items. He began as a salesperson of shawls, but because of his diligence was soon promoted to head of the department.
Au Bon Marché Videau.
In 1848, the Petit Saint-Thomas closed. Boucicaut had made the acquaintance of Paul Videau, who owned a nearby variety store called Au Bon Marché Videau. He became Videau's partner, and put his novel ideas of marketing to work; buying in bulk and selling with very low profit margins; fixed prices; allowing the customers to browse and touch the clothing; seasonal sales; reduced prices on selected items, elaborate window displays, and newspaper advertising. Videau was not comfortable with Boucicault's flamboyant style of salesmanship, and on 31 January 1851 he sold his share of the store to Boucicaut.
Le Bon Marché.
Between 1852 and 1860, by a combination of deft pricing, public relations and customer service, Boucicaut increased the sales of the store from 500,000 francs to 5 million francs. 
Boucicaut introduced a number of marketing innovations; a system of fixed prices with associated discounts instead of the previous system of haggling over prices, then common in dry goods stores; a reading room for husbands while their wives shopped; prizes and entertainment for children; the first mail-order catalog, in 1867; and seasonal sales, including the "white sale", designed to sell sheets and bedding in the winter when sales were slow. Boucicaut also introduced several social innovations for his employees, about half of whom were women. Dormitory housing was provided for the unmarried women employees in rooms on the upper floors of the store. He provided a career track for advancement, from second salesperson to chief of counter to department manager. He established a fund, taken from store profits, to help employees who were sick, and offered pensions to employees who had worked in the store for twenty years.
Boucicaut's next grand project was to build a much larger store. He had met a French entrepreneur, Henry-François Maillard, who had made a fortune in New York, who told Boucicaut about an American businessman named Alexander Turney Stewart who in 1846 had constructed the Marble Palace on Broadway in New York, the first multi-story building devoted entirely to selling merchandise, using an iron frame and large plate glass windows to increase light and space. In 1862, Stewart built an even larger store, eight stories high. Maillard loaned Boucicaut 1.5 million francs to help finance a similar store in Paris. The first stone for the new store was laid on the rue de Sèvres in 1869. The architect was L.A. Boileau, and the framework was of iron, with large glass windows for displays. The building was hardly finished before it was enlarged again, designed by Boileau with the help of the engineering firm of Gustave Eiffel.
Personal life and death.
Boucicaut met his future wife, Marguerite Guérin, who was working at a nearby creamery where Boucicaut had his coffee each morning. Boucicault's family objected to a marriage, so she and Boucicaut began to live together in 1836, and had one child born in 1839. They were married in 1848.
He died on December 26, 1877.
The grand building was not finally finished until 1887, ten years after the death of Boucicaut. At the time of Boucicaut's death, the store had 1,788 employees and sales of 72 million francs. With his death his wife became the President of the store, and managed it for ten years, until her death. Their son had died young; Madame Boucicaut left the major part of the family fortune to the Bureau of Public Assistance and Hospitals of Paris. It was used to construct the Boucicaut Hospital, still in existence on the left bank.
Legacy.
Department stores.
Le Bon Marché is the progenitor of the modern department store.
Literature.
Émile Zola's novel "Au Bonheur des Dames" was inspired by the Bon Marché; he wrote to the store in March 1882 and was given a complete tour. The owner of the store in the novel, Octave Mouret, is loosely based on Boucicaut.
"The Paradise (TV series)" is an adaptation of Zola's novel, thus also based on the life of Boucicaut.
Landmarks.
"Boucicaut" is the main street in his home town of Bellēme.

</doc>
<doc id="6955115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955115" title="Stone Undercover">
Stone Undercover



</doc>
<doc id="6955118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955118" title="NFFN">
NFFN



</doc>
<doc id="6955119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955119" title="Hill street blues">
Hill street blues



</doc>
<doc id="6955120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955120" title="WWA The Reckoning">
WWA The Reckoning



</doc>
<doc id="6955147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955147" title="Daito Island">
Daito Island



</doc>
<doc id="6955149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955149" title="Daito Is.">
Daito Is.



</doc>
<doc id="6955155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955155" title="Irv Eatman">
Irv Eatman

Irvin Humphrey Eatman (born January 1, 1961) is an American former professional football offensive tackle and coach who played professionally for 3 seasons in the United States Football League (USFL) and 11 seasons with the National Football League (NFL).
Playing career.
High school.
Eatman attended Meadowdale High School in Dayton, Ohio where he starred in football and basketball.
College.
A native of Birmingham, Alabama, Eatman attended UCLA where he was a two-time Lombardi Award semi-finalist, three-time honorable mention All-America and two-time All-Pac-10 selection. He played on the Bruins Rose Bowl Champion squad as a senior following the 1982 season.
USFL.
Eatman was selected in the eighth round of the 1983 NFL draft by the Kansas City Chiefs. However, he opted to join the USFL where he was a three-time USFL All-Pro offensive tackle (1983–1985) with the Philadelphia/Baltimore Stars. In 1984, Eatman was named USFL Man of the Year and was part of Stars squads which claimed USFL titles in both 1984 and 1985.
NFL.
Eatman entered the NFL with a five-year stint in Kansas City (1986–1990) before playing six seasons with the New York Jets (1991–1992), the Los Angeles Rams (1993), the Atlanta Falcons (1994) and the Houston Oilers (1995–1996).

</doc>
<doc id="6955159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955159" title="Peter Brock Trophy">
Peter Brock Trophy



</doc>
<doc id="6955162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955162" title="Doeg">
Doeg

Doeg can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6955164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955164" title="Liberal Party of Denmark">
Liberal Party of Denmark



</doc>
<doc id="6955172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955172" title="500 Nations">
500 Nations

500 Nations is an eight-part American documentary television series that was aired on CBS in 1995 about the Native Americans of North and Central America. It documents events from the Pre-Columbian era to the end of the 19th century. Much of the information comes from text, eyewitnesses, pictorials, and computer graphics. The series was hosted by Kevin Costner, narrated by Gregory Harrison, and directed by Jack Leustig. It included the voice talents of Eric Schweig, Gordon Tootoosis, Wes Studi, Cástulo Guerra, Tony Plana, Edward James Olmos, Patrick Stewart, Gary Farmer, Tom Jackson, Tantoo Cardinal, Dante Basco, Sheldon Peters Wolfchild, Tim Bottoms, Michael Horse, Graham Greene, Floyd Red Crow Westerman, Amy Madigan, Frank Salsedo, and Kurtwood Smith. The series was written by Jack Leustig, Roberta Grossman, Lee Miller (head of research), and W. T. Morgan, with John M. D. Pohl.
The documentary series is based on the eponymous 480-page book by Alvin M. Josephy Jr., published in 1994. The documentary re-aired on Discovery Times in 2006.
Episodes.
Episode 1: Wounded Knee Legacy and the Ancestors.
The series begins "where our story ends" with eyewitness accounts of Wounded Knee. "The Ancestors" next offers excerpts from Native American Creation stories, then explores three early North American cultures, including the 800-room Pueblo Bonito in the arid southwest, the Cliff Palace at Mesa Verde and Cahokia, the largest city in the U.S. before 1800.
Episode 2: Mexico.
A history of the native nations of Mexico from pre-Columbian times, through the period of European contact and colonization, including the rise and fall of the Toltecs and the growth of Tenochtitlan, the capital of the Aztec Empire.
Episode 3: Clash of Cultures.
As Native nations defy a plundering advance of Spanish expeditions in the Caribbean and what will become the southeastern United States, two undefeatable attacks, muskets and disease, cause thousands of deaths.
Episode 4: Invasion of the Coast.
Tensions rise as more foreigners arrive in North America, and affect the lives of native peoples. In Jamestown, the story of the Powhatan princess, Pocahontas, unfolds. Thanksgiving at Plymouth leads to a bloody colonial Indian war in 1675.
Episode 5: Cauldron of War.
European powers fought to control American resources, turning native homelands into a "Cauldron of War." Many indigenous nations side with France, but when the defeated country leaves its native allies vulnerable, a determined leader, Pontiac, rises to prominence.
Episode 6: Removal.
Being forced to follow the Trail of Tears displaces Native Americans even though they adopt American ways. Shawnee leader Tecumseh sparks a return to traditional ways but the Indian Removal Act is enforced in 1830. Many stoically accept; others resist.
Episode 7: Roads Across the Plains.
Lifestyles of native peoples of the Great Plains end as American settlers destroy huge buffalo herds. Though native leaders pursue peace, they are massacred at Sand Creek. The massacre provokes severe repercussions.
Episode 8: Attack on Culture.
Legislative attacks on native ways included the disbanding of communal land. Today, native cultures are allowed to renew, and to remember the lifestyles of America's original people, and the hardships they endured.
Software.
Microsoft released an educational computer game based on the documentary, and its "rich multimedia content" also covered the experiences of indigenous people with Europeans in Canada and Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="6955177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955177" title="King of East Francia">
King of East Francia



</doc>
<doc id="6955178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955178" title="Engelberga">
Engelberga

Engelberga (or Angilberga, died between 896 and 901) was the wife of Emperor Louis II and thus Carolingian empress to his death on 12 August 875. As empress, she exerted a powerful influence over her husband.
Youth.
Engelberga was probably the daughter of Adelchis I of Spoleto and a member of one of the most powerful families in the Kingdom of Italy at that time, the Supponids.
Born around 830, Engelberga probably spent her youth in Pavia. She married Louis II in 860, after being his concubine for roughly ten years, but did not play a role in political life until after the death of his father, Lothair I, in 855. Upon his death, Lothair's kingdom was divided between his three sons and, as the eldest, Louis received Italy and the title of emperor.
Empress.
Engelberga had far more political influence than was usual of a consort, partially due to Louis' love for her. Engelberga's active participation in politics was unusual, when queens were typically consigned to the domestic sphere.
In 856, the imperial couple were hosted in Venice by Doge Pietro Tradonico and his son Giovanni Tradonico. A few years later, Engelberga began to exert her influence in a conflict between Pope Nicholas I and Archbishop John of Ravenna. Seen as insubordinate by the Pope, John was thrice summoned to appear before a papal tribunal. Instead, he took refuge in the imperial court at Pavia, where Engelberga attempted to intervene with Rome on his behalf. Though ultimately unsuccessful, the incident was the beginning of Engelberga's efforts to assert her influence as empress.
In 862, Louis's brother Lothair II sought to annul his marriage to Teutberga, as she had failed to bear him any children. The local bishops had blessed the annulment and Lothair's subsequent remarriage, but in November 863, Pope Nicolas summoned the bishops to Rome and excommunicated them for their violation of ecclesiastical law. The bishops fled to Louis's court and pleaded their case, resulting in the Emperor laying siege to the Holy See in January 864. Engelberga sent a communication to Nicholas, guaranteeing his safety if he were to come to court to negotiate with her husband. Their meeting resulted in an agreement whereby the bishops were allowed to return and the siege was ended.
In subsequent years Engelberga was granted additional titles by her husband, due in large part to her diplomatic role. In 868, she became abbess of San Salvatore, Brescia, a convent with a history of royal abbesses. Engelberga's control of San Salvatore is indicative of her power, as this monastery was typically owned by royal women and served as a power base for the royal family. Engelberga maintained control of San Salvatore following Louis' death in 875, which was unusual, because this meant the monastery was no longer controlled by a direct relative of the monarch. Engelberga also founded her own monastery, San Sisto, Piacenza in 874.
In January 872, the aristocracy tried to have her removed, as she had not borne the emperor any sons, only having two daughters. The nobility attempted to replace Engelberga with the daughter of a local aristocrat, Winigisus. Louis ordered Engelberga to remain in the northern regions of his land during this period, but Engelberga disobeyed and joined Louis in the south, ending any potential rift between the couple. Instead, Louis opened negotiations with Louis the German, king of East Francia, to make him his heir. In order to sideline Engelberga, the nobility elected Charles the Bald, king of West Francia, on Louis's death in 875.
Widowhood.
Boso V of Arles, a faithful of Charles, kidnapped Engelberga and her only surviving daughter, Ermengard. He forced the latter to marry him in June 876, at the same time he was made Charles' governor in Italy with the title of "dux".
With Engelberga's backing, Boso declared himself King of Provence on 15 October 879. Subsequently, Engelberga was banished to Swabia. After Charles the Fat's forces took Vienne in 882, Engelberga was allowed to return to Italy. In 896, Engelberga became abbess of her own foundation of San Sisto, Piacenza, but died shortly afterward.

</doc>
<doc id="6955181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955181" title="Sir John Graham">
Sir John Graham



</doc>
<doc id="6955182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955182" title="KLIF (570)">
KLIF (570)



</doc>
<doc id="6955184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955184" title="Minto Island">
Minto Island



</doc>
<doc id="6955185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955185" title="King of West Francia">
King of West Francia



</doc>
<doc id="6955189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955189" title="China Basin Stakes">
China Basin Stakes



</doc>
<doc id="6955195" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955195" title="Gay, Orenburg Oblast">
Gay, Orenburg Oblast

Gay, or Gai () is a town in Orenburg Oblast, Russia, located east of Orenburg, the administrative center of the oblast and close to the border with Kazakhstan. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 38,301.
History.
Gay was founded in 1958 as an industrial settlement. The town was granted Urban-type settlement status in 1965 and town status in 1979.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Gay serves as the administrative center of Gaysky District, even though it is not a part of it. As an administrative division, it is, together with one rural locality (the settlement of Kalinovka), incorporated separately as the Town of Gay—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, the territories of the Town of Gay and of Gaysky District are incorporated as Gaysky Urban Okrug. Prior to June 1, 2015, the Town of Gay was incorporated as Gay Urban Okrug, separately from Gaysky Municipal District.
Coat of arms.
The coat of arms of Gay states: "Remember the Past. Believe in the Future."

</doc>
<doc id="6955197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955197" title="US Secretary of Commerce">
US Secretary of Commerce



</doc>
<doc id="6955199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955199" title="Crosstime Traffic">
Crosstime Traffic

Crosstime Traffic is a series of books by Harry Turtledove.
The central premise of the stories is an Earth that has discovered access to alternate universes where history proceeded differently. "Crosstime Traffic" is the name of the company with a global monopoly on the technology.
Background.
The background strongly resembles that of H. Beam Piper's Paratime series and Keith Laumer's Imperium Series. One tribute paid to Piper's series is the names of the inventors of temporal transposition: Ghaldron and Hesthor in Piper, Galbraith and Hester in Turtledove. In all of the series the "home timeline" was running low on resources, and it has used its knowledge of time to covertly import supplies from other Earths and save their civilization from collapse. The most important difference is the nature of the home timeline. Piper's world was inhabited by a culture which had been technologically advanced for thousands of years and was even more distantly related to our own. Laumer's series had a civilization that was less advanced than our own in almost every way except for their travel technology. Turtledove's world, although set in the 2090s, resembles the 2010s of the real world, with modest general advances in technology including the crosstime capability, as well as inflation resulting in US$100 (nicknamed 'franklins') having the same buying power as US$1 in the 2010s.
The books are young adult novels with teenage protagonists, who frequently become stranded in dangerous alternate worlds and must adapt to survive. Their adventures give them increased appreciation for the benefits of living in a civilized, high-tech society. 
Invariably, each book has two viewpoint characters, a boy and a girl—different ones in each book; in most books one of them is from the home timeline and the other from a visited alternate. Except for "Gunpowder Empire", where the protagonists are siblings, love interest developing between the protagonists is invariably part of the plot. In two books it ends with successful consummation, the protagonist from an Alternate timeline getting exceptional permission to come to the Home Timeline; in one book, lovers must say goodbye with a tearful heartbreak; and circumstances in one make it end with boy and girl becoming staunch foes, despite their mutual attraction. 
While there is considerable violence, the language and plots are restricted by the intended audience. For instance, "In High Places" includes the prospect of an enslaved girl being sexually abused, but does not use the word "rape" (although the word is later used in "The Valley-Westside War"). This shows considerable restraint of the author Turtledove, who is famous for writing scenes of unfettered sexuality, violence and profanity in his adult novels such as the series of Worldwar, Southern Victory, and The War That Came Early.

</doc>
<doc id="6955203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955203" title="Jeanne Wakatsuki Houston">
Jeanne Wakatsuki Houston

Jeanne Toyo Wakatsuki Houston (September 26, 1934 – December 21, 2024) was an American writer. Her writings primarily focused on ethnic identity formation in the United States of America. She is best known for her autobiographical novel "Farewell to Manzanar" that narrates her personal experiences in World War II incarceration camps. The book has been credited with sharing the story of the Japanese American incarceration with generations of young people.
Life and career.
Jeanne Toyo Wakatsuki was born in Inglewood, California, on September 26, 1934. She was the youngest of four boys and six girls in the Wakatsuki family. For the first seven years she experienced a normal childhood. She lived in Los Angeles, California until 1942 when President Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066, causing her and her family to be incarcerated. 
Wakatsuki and her family were forced to leave their home and taken to the internment camp at Manzanar, which was located in California's Owens Valley, on the eastern side of the Sierra Nevada mountains. They were transported in large Greyhound buses from Los Angeles to Manzanar, a drive that takes about 4 hours today. At the time she was only seven years old. She did not understand what was happening because she had no concept of war. She and her family spent the next three years in the camp, attempting to live a "normal" life behind barbed wire, under the watch of armed guards in searchlight towers.
Conditions in the camp were awful and sickness spread throughout the camp quickly. This can be attributed to the compactness of the camp. Nearly 10,000 inmates lived in a 500 acre square, and this caused a lot of illness. Adapting to the climate was also difficult. Winters were very cold, and summers were very hot. The food they were provided was canned military food. It was not uncommon for prisoners to not eat because the food was not the traditional food they were accustomed to. Water in the camp was unclean, and it often caused Dysentery. Despite their efforts, obstacles managed to get in the way: her father's drinking habits and aggressive abuse, having no freedom, and very little space in the cubicles.
In her book, "Farewell to Manzanar," Jeanne describes the living conditions, "After dinner we were taken to Block 16, a cluster of fifteen barracks that had just been finished a day or so earlier—although finished was hardly a word for it. The shacks were built of pine planking covered with tarpaper. They sat on concrete footings, with about two feet of open space between the floorboards and the ground. Gaps showed between the planks, and as the weeks passed and the green wood dried out, the gaps widened. Knotholes gaped in the uncovered floor.” She goes on to explain the size and layout of the barracks. They were divided into six units that were sixteen long by twenty feet wide, and a singular light bulb hung from the ceiling. They had an oil stove for heat as well as two army blankets each, some mattress covers and steel army cots. However, things eventually improved, and they learned to adapt to their environment. 
Several years after leaving the camp in 1945, Jeanne attended Long Beach Polytechnic High School for three years and graduated from James Lick High School in San Jose. She went to San Jose State College (now San José State University) where she studied sociology and journalism and participated in the marching band's flag team. She met her husband James D. Houston there, and they married in 1957. Jeanne later decided to tell her story about the time she spent in Manzanar in "Farewell to Manzanar", co-authored by her husband, in 1972. Ten years after their marriage, in 1967, Jeanne gave birth to a girl. Six years later she gave birth to twins. 
Houston received many awards for her writing as well as her influence, and for being a voice for Japanese American women. A partial list of her awards can be found at https://www.californiamuseum.org/inductee/jeanne-wakatsuki-houston 
Other publications include "Don't Cry, It's Only Thunder" (1984) with Paul G. Hensler as co-author, and "Beyond Manzanar and Other Views of Asian-American Womanhood" (1985).
Houston died at her home in Santa Cruz, California on December 21, 2024, at the age of 90.
"Farewell to Manzanar".
In her book "Farewell to Manzanar" (1973), Houston writes about her family's experiences at Manzanar, an internment camp in California's Owens Valley where Japanese Americans were imprisoned during World War II. Jeanne was inspired to write the book when her nephew, who was born in Manzanar, began to learn about it in college and wanted to know more about the place he was born. Her husband, James, co-authored the book. He believed it was not just a book for their family but for the whole world. He would be proven correct, as today it has sold over one million copies. 
The novel was adapted into a television movie in 1976, starring Nobu McCarthy, who portrayed both Houston as well as her mother in the film.
Distribution.
In an effort to educate Californians about the experiences of Japanese Americans who were imprisoned during World War II, the book and movie were distributed in 2002 as part of a kit to approximately 8,500 public elementary and secondary schools and 1,500 public libraries in California. The kit also included study guides tailored to the book, and a video teaching guide. Today, "Farewell to Manzanar" has sold over one million copies.
References.
 Wakatsuki Houston, Jeanne. Academic Interview. Nov. 2022

</doc>
<doc id="6955210" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955210" title="Ulster Grand Prix">
Ulster Grand Prix

The Ulster Grand Prix is a defunct motorcycle road race which took place on the Dundrod Circuit made up entirely of closed-off public roads near Belfast, Northern Ireland. Due to the races having the fastest average speed over a single lap of any motorcycle road race, it was the fastest race of its kind (Road Racing) in the world. The lap record of 136.415 mph (219.539 km/h) was set by Peter Hickman in the 2019 superbike race, a faster average than the Isle of Man TT lap record, which stands at 136.358mph (219.446 km/h) as of 2024, set also by Peter Hickman.
The last running of the event occurred in 2019. As a consequence of increased insurance and sundry costs, in association with diminished sponsorship revenue, together with the COVID-19 pandemic, the future of the meeting has been called into question.
History.
Origins.
The first races took place in 1922 and in 1935 and 1948 the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme gave it the title "Grand Prix d'Europe". The Ulster Grand Prix was included as one of the races in the inaugural 1949 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season (now MotoGP), a place it held until 1971. It also counted for the Formula TT Championship between 1979 and 1990. 
The race has been held on three different circuits. The "Old Clady circuit" was used from 1922 until 1939 and included a notoriously bumpy straight.
1947 – 1952.
After World War II the "new Clady circuit" was used that, due to road improvements, was now in length and in use between 1947 and 1952.
1953 – 2019.
From 1953 the venue was moved to the Dundrod Circuit.
The 1971 meeting marked the last year in which the Ulster Grand Prix formed part of the FIM Grand Prix International Motorcycle Racing Calendar. The 250cc race was won by Ray McCulloch whilst the meeting concluded with Australian Jack Findlay taking the honours in the 500cc blue ribband finale race onboard a Suzuki. This was Findlay's first victory for Suzuki and was also notable in that it recorded the first 500cc class win for a motorcycle powered by a two stroke engine. The event was cancelled in 1972 because of the political situation in Northern Ireland, but it was held in 2001 during the Foot-and-mouth crisis, even though the North West 200 and Isle of Man TT were cancelled that year.
2019 meeting.
The final meeting took place in 2019 which saw the running of a full race programme with Man of the Meeting, Peter Hickman, establishing a record of seven victories over two days during which he upped the outright lap record to .
Future in doubt.
As of 2025 the future of the meeting remains under threat. In the wake of the 2019 races the following meetings were consequently cancelled as a repercussion of a lack of financial backing in addition to the Covid-19 Pandemic. Following the 2019 event several top riders, including Peter Hickman, subsequently had prize money held back by the organisers. As a result Hickman has stated that he would be disinclined to return to any reincarnation of the event until he has received all outstanding monies in full.
In 2020 a winding up order was issued to the Ulster Grand Prix organisers, the Dundrod &amp; District Motorcycle Club, with the Dundrod &amp; District having amassed debts of approximately £300,000. Following the issuing of the order, the club went into liquidation before later entering into a company voluntary arrangement (CVA) to pay back a portion of its debts to creditors. 
There was a degree of optimism for the running of the races which would have marked the centenary of the event in 2022. In March of that year, a potential new promotor, the Revival Racing Motorcycle Club, signaled that they were prepared to undertake the stewardship of the meeting with a view to a return of racing in August 2022. In an ambitious bid to bring Ireland's two biggest road races under one organisational umbrella, Revival Racing had sought to put together a major proposal for a financial package of £800,000 which would see them take over the Ulster Grand Prix in addition to seeking to safeguard the future of the North West 200.
Government funding was signed off by the Department of Economy and Department of Finance, but in a late setback Tourism NI refused to support the proposal which in turn resulted in the proposal being withdrawn and the 2022 race meeting was cancelled.
During the Autumn of 2022 a further feasibility study was undertaken by Revival Racing with a view to the running of the Ulster Grand Prix in August 2023. Whilst initial studies appeared favourable, Revival Racing subsequently found difficulty in mustering the required financing and in October 2022 issued the following statement:
This resulted in Revival Racing relinquishing further involvement with the event, and consequently the Dundrod &amp; District Motorcycle Club undertook to attempt to organise the 2023 meeting. The proposed format would have entailed a much reduced programme of racing, more in line with that of a National as opposed to an International meeting.
An important announcement was made on 9 February 2023 by the Motorcycle Union of Ireland with regard to the running of motorcycle racing in Ireland for the 2023 season. This followed a significant increase in the insurance premium required to cover the events and consequently placed the 2023 racing schedule under threat of being cancelled. In late April 2023 the organisers cancelled the 2023 event, citing insurance and funding problems.
A further announcement, issued by the event's organisers, the Dundrod &amp; District Motorcycle Club, was made on 8 January 2024, concerning the running of the event as part of the 2024 racing calendar. The statement by the club concluded by stating that due to ongoing insurance and financing issues, the proposed 2024 Ulster Grand Prix had been cancelled.
Incidents.
In 1997 Dublin sidecar pilot Stephen Galligan died of injuries sustained in a warm-up crash the day before the race. Mr Galligan died ten days later in hospital. Seven-year-old spectator Christopher McConnell-Hewitt also lost his life when he was struck by the sidecar which veered out of control on a long straight and crashed into a crowd. 
Notable riders.
Joey Dunlop won 24 Ulster Grand Prix races during his career, with Phillip McCallen winning 14 races, Peter Hickman with 13 wins, Bruce Anstey 12 and Brian Reid 9 wins. Some of the famous riders include: Guy Martin (11 wins) Stanley Woods (7 wins), Jimmie Guthrie, Jimmie Simpson, Artie Bell, Les Graham, Freddie Frith (3 wins), Geoff Duke (3 wins), John Surtees (6 wins), Ray Amm, Carlo Ubbiali (5 wins), Bill Lomas (3 wins), Mike Hailwood (7 wins), Giacomo Agostini (7 wins), Phil Read (3 wins), Bill Ivy (3 wins), Bob McIntyre, Gary Hocking (3 wins), Tom Herron (5 wins), Ron Haslam (5 wins), Jon Ekerold, and more recently Mick Grant, Wayne Gardner, Steve Hislop, Robert Dunlop (9 wins).
FIM World Championship rounds (1949–1971).
By year.
"A pink background indicates a round that was not part of the Grand Prix motorcycle racing championship."

</doc>
<doc id="6955220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955220" title="Herbert Clay">
Herbert Clay

Eugene Herbert Clay (October 3, 1881 – June 22, 1923) was an American politician who served as the mayor of Marietta, Georgia. He was one of the ringleaders in the lynching of Leo Frank.
He was born in Marietta, Georgia to Senator Alexander S. Clay and Frances ( White) Clay. Clay attended the University of Georgia and the Mercer University, graduating in from the latter with an LL.B. He was a member of the Chi Phi fraternity. 
He served as the mayor of Marietta, Georgia from 1911 to 1912. He was twice elected Solicitor General of the Blue Ridge Circuit and served on the State Democratic Committee.
In 1915, he helped plan the lynching of Leo Frank, a Jewish-American factory superintendent whose murder conviction and extrajudicial hanging in 1915 by a lynch mob drew attention to questions of antisemitism in the United States.
He married Virginia Hudson of Pocahontas, Virginia, on December 27, 1919. He also had one son, Eugene Herbert Clay, Jr., by a prior marriage. In the fall of 1920, he was elected to the Georgia Senate. He was president of the Georgia Senate as of 1922. On June 22, 1923, Clay died suddenly of a heart attack in the Wilmot Hotel at Atlanta, Georgia.
His youngest brother was General Lucius D. Clay a senior officer of the United States Army who was later known for his administration of occupied Germany after World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="6955222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955222" title="List of Australian Broadcasting Corporation programs">
List of Australian Broadcasting Corporation programs



</doc>
<doc id="6955229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955229" title="BurgerFuel">
BurgerFuel

BurgerFuel is a New Zealand burger restaurant and franchise with 72 locations in three countries (plus 1 mobile location unit), including 60 locations in New Zealand.
Menu.
The menu of Burgerfuel consists of typical fast-food fare such as hamburgers, beef and chicken dishes, and fries, as well as vegetarian and vegan dishes. The burgers' names include the Bastard, the Bacon Backfire, and the Chook Royale.
History.
In 1995, the first BurgerFuel was opened in Ponsonby, Auckland by Chris Mason. In 2007, BurgerFuel Worldwide publicly floated on the NZX. The company directors were hoping to generate $15 million from the IPO; however, they ultimately raised slightly over a third of that. By 2015, the company had over 70 stores.
In January 2020, te reo Māori advocates were worried that BurgerFuel's newly launched 'Hoki Dokey' fishburger could strengthen the incorrect pronunciation of the word hoki (correctly pronounced as ).
Expansion.
On 5 May 2008, BurgerFuel Worldwide announced it had agreed to its first master franchise agreement with Dubai-based Al Khayyat Investment Group Investments LLC. They set up, and operated stores in Dubai, UAE by the end of the year. There are two BurgerFuel stores in Al-Khobar, and 3 branches in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
BurgerFuel won the "Franchise Export" of the Year award at the Westpac New Zealand Franchise Awards 2012.
The judges praised BurgerFuel for not just selling high quality, gourmet products, but also for developing the company into a specialist exporter which sources raw materials from New Zealand wherever possible.
On 14 Jan 2014, BurgerFuel Worldwide announced a $5.9m injection from new US investor - Milford, Connecticut-based Franchise Brands (backed by Subway founders Fred DeLuca and Peter Buck) to fund global expansion. The purchase was for 10% of the company with the option to raise this to 50% over 8 years. They planned to assist with BurgerFuel expansion particularly into the United States market. BurgerFuel Worldwide shares immediately leapt 80% as a result to an all-time high of $2.70 per share. They have since reached a high of $3.15 per share valuing the company at over $170m. Subsequently, it has risen to be worth over $200m placing it as the most valuable company on the NZAX market.
On 4 November 2014, BurgerFuel Worldwide passed NZ$200m (US$156m) market capitalization on the New Zealand Exchange for the first time and closed at NZ$226m (US$176m) which is a new record for BurgerFuel Worldwide.
On 4 June 2015, BurgerFuel Worldwide announced a partnership with California-based franchisor OhCal Foods as part of its plan to break into the US market. Following the death of Subway founder Fred DeLuca, BurgerFuel Worldwide decided to enter the US market alone.
On 29 May 2017, BurgerFuel opened their first United States restaurant in Indianapolis.
In October 2020 the store in Indianapolis closed ending their expansion into the USA.
It was announced in March 2022 that due to the Omicron variant of COVID-19 all UAE stores except one in Dubai would close.
Locations.
BurgerFuel is made in New Zealand. As of 2025 BurgerFuel has 66 stores across three countries:
It is also looking to expand into Qatar, Libya, Lebanon, and China and include drive thrus. Expansion began in the South Island of New Zealand with the opening of a franchise in Christchurch. With the investment by US based Franchise Brands they were looking to enter into the US market with plans to open up to 1000 restaurants there. On 20 October 2014, BurgerFuel announced that they would be adding 5 more Australian stores by 31 March 2015 in Sydney, Brisbane and Gold Coast. By the end of 2018 no stores remained open in Australia.
On 24 October 2014, BurgerFuel closed its Iraq operations due to the growing threat of ISIS. It reopened a store in Baghdad in 2016, but closed the stores on 8 January 2020 after Iran attacked two airbases in the country.
Related brands.
Burger Fuel Group owns Winner Winner and Shake Out, other restaurant chains in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="6955232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955232" title="Brick (basketball)">
Brick (basketball)



</doc>
<doc id="6955237" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955237" title="Arlington Matron Stakes">
Arlington Matron Stakes

The Matron Stakes is an American Grade III flat horse race for Thoroughbred fillies and mares, aged three years and upward. Raced over a distance of 9 furlongs on the dirt at Arlington Park, Arlington Heights, Illinois every spring. It currently offers a purse of $100,000.
The event was moved to Churchill Downs in 2017.
Inaugurated in 1930, Hall of Fame member, Bewitch, ran second in 1949. Real Delight won it in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="6955246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955246" title="The Art Institute of California – San Francisco">
The Art Institute of California – San Francisco



</doc>
<doc id="6955249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955249" title="Dave Hoppen">
Dave Hoppen

David Dirk Hoppen (born March 13, 1964) is an American former professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) and other leagues. Hoppen played college basketball for the Nebraska Cornhuskers, and is the program's all-time leading scorer. He was named All-Big Eight in each of his last three seasons and is generally considered one of the top players in school history. A 6'11" center, Hoppen was selected by the Atlanta Hawks in the third round (65th pick overall) of the 1986 NBA draft and played six NBA seasons.
High school career.
Born and raised in Omaha, Nebraska, Hoppen attended Omaha Benson High School where he was a multi-sport athlete for the "Bunnies".
As a junior, Hoppen led the Bunnies to a 21–4 record, averaging 15.8 points and 13.2 rebounds per game and was named first-team all-state. In the postseason, he led Benson to an exciting Nebraska Class A state finals. In the semifinal, the Bunnies outlasted Lincoln High School 64–62 in double-overtime. This landed the team in the state final, where they lost a hotly contested game to Creighton Prep, 54–53. Hoppen was named to both the class A and all-class tournament teams. In his senior season, Hoppen was again named first-team all-state after averaging 24.3 points and 12.5 rebounds per game.
The Nebraska high school class of 1982 is generally considered one of the best in state history, as the entire starting five accepted NCAA Division I scholarship offers – Hoppen and Mike Martz to the University of Nebraska, Kerry Trotter to Marquette, Ron Kellogg to Kansas and Bill Jackman became one of Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski's first recruits (though he later transferred to join Hoppen and Martz with the Cornhuskers). The team was so strong that future NBA player Bart Kofoed was relegated to the second team. On the national AAU circuit, these players formed the nucleus of the "Nebraska Basketball Development Association" team that was strong enough to finish fourth at a Las Vegas tournament. Hoppen's personal legacy as one of the top high school players in state history is shown in his presence on the Omaha World-Herald's 2005 list of the top 100 Nebraska athletes and his 1998 induction into the Nebraska High School Sports Hall of Fame.
Hoppen was highly recruited, with his finalist list consisting of Nebraska, Notre Dame, Kentucky, Missouri, Kansas and Colorado. He ultimately narrowed this down to a decision between Nebraska and Notre Dame. Notre Dame coach Digger Phelps focused his recruiting pitch on his ability to help Hoppen become a first round NBA draft choice, but the Omaha center ultimately chose Nebraska as a school where he could help establish a tradition.
College career.
Hoppen arrived at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln in the Fall of 1982. The 6'11" center was a particularly highly anticipated recruit as the Cornhuskers had gone 16–12 the previous season with no starter taller than 6'6. He immediately entered the starting lineup for coach Moe Iba's 1982–83 team, averaging 13.9 points and 5 rebounds per game. The Huskers experienced team success with their new inside presence, finishing tied for third in the Big Eight Conference and earning a bid to the 1983 National Invitation Tournament (NIT). Once there, the Huskers defeated Tulane, Iona and TCU to earn a spot in the tournament final four at Madison Square Garden in New York City. However, the team lost their semifinal matchup to Ray Meyer's DePaul team, despite Hoppen scoring 15 points.
As a sophomore, Hoppen became one of the top players in the Big Eight Conference. He was one of only two players in the league (with Oklahoma's Wayman Tisdale) to score double-figures in each of his team's games, and was named first-team all-conference. He averaged 19.9 points and 6.9 rebounds per game, again leading the Cornhuskers to the 1984 NIT. There, Hoppen propelled the Cornhuskers past in-state rival Creighton in the first round by scoring a game-high 25 points, including a basket and a technical free throw in the final seconds to seal the 56–54 victory. In the next round, Nebraska lost a close 58–57 contest to Xavier in Cincinnati, despite Hoppen's game-high 22 points.
Hoppen enjoyed a college rivalry with Creighton center and future NBA player Benoit Benjamin. While McDonald's All-American Benjamin was a much bigger name in national recruiting scene, Hoppen had some of his best games in match-ups against the Omaha school. Though a big man, Hoppen was known as a finesse player with a deft shooting touch. He employed a jump hook and a variety of other offensive weapons in the paint.

</doc>
<doc id="6955252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955252" title="Cathy Smith">
Cathy Smith

Catherine Evelyn Smith (April 25, 1947 – August 16, 2020), also known as Silverbag, was a Canadian backup singer, groupie, drug dealer, and legal secretary. Smith served 15 months in the California Institution for Women for injecting actor John Belushi with a fatal dose of heroin and cocaine in 1982.
Smith had been paid for a front-page headline story in the Hollywood tabloid the "National Enquirer", where she stated she was the person who injected Belushi with a fatal drug overdose. Smith co-wrote the book "Chasing the Dragon" (1984) which told her life story; its title alludes to Smith's heroin addiction. Smith appeared prominently in the Bob Woodward book "Wired: The Short Life and Fast Times of John Belushi" (1984) and was played by Patti D'Arbanville in the 1989 film adaptation.
Levon Helm and the Band.
Smith was born in Hamilton, Ontario. Her association with celebrities went back at least 20 years prior to her confession in the "National Enquirer". Her earliest acquaintance was with Levon Helm, who later joined the Band, in 1963. In his autobiography, Helm recalls that he first met Smith in Hamilton, Ontario. Helm and his friend Rick Danko were then members of The Hawks. At one point, the musicians were in Toronto facing a drug bust.
Smith has been connected to the Band's song, "The Weight" (1968). Smith says in "Rock and Roll Toronto: From Alanis to Zeppelin" (1997), that Richard Manuel offered to marry her, but she refused. Nevertheless, she continued to tour and party with Helm, Danko, and Manuel through the 1960s, and at one point became pregnant with a child known as "The Band baby," as its paternity was unclear.
Gordon Lightfoot.
Smith became an employee (and, later, mistress) of Canadian singer-songwriter Gordon Lightfoot in the early to mid-1970s.
The Smith-Lightfoot affair was violent and illustrated in the lyrics of "Sundown" (1974), Lightfoot's No. 1 hit and most lucrative song. It reflects the dark feelings Lightfoot was experiencing at the time, with lyrics such as: "Sometimes I think it's a shame / When I get feeling better when I'm feeling no pain." Drinking too much and married to another woman, he on one occasion broke Smith's cheekbone in a fight. Lightfoot has stated of his three-year relationship with Smith, "I was sometimes crazy with jealousy".
Bluegrass musicians Bruce and Brian Good, The Good Brothers, who were one of Lightfoot's opening acts during that time, got fired by Lightfoot for "flirting" with Smith. Smith was cited in Lightfoot's divorce papers, and shortly after his affair with Smith ended, Lightfoot was a party to the most expensive divorce settlement in Canadian history to that date.
In a 1975 interview, Lightfoot expanded upon "Sundown" and hinted at the worry he experienced in his relationship with Smith:
Lightfoot gave another insight into his relationship with Smith in a 2000 interview when he remarked upon "Sundown" being:
In 2008, Lightfoot gave an interview confirming that "Sundown" was written with his then-girlfriend in mind:
In 2014, Lightfoot added further insight into his writing of "Sundown":
Belushi case.
After Lightfoot and the Band, around 1976, Smith became a backup singer for Hoyt Axton, who was struggling with cocaine addiction at the time. She sang on his album "Fearless" (1976) and co-wrote the song "Flash of Fire" with Axton.
Smith began using heroin in the late 1970s. In Bob Woodward's book "Wired", she appears as a drug dealer to Rolling Stones band members Ronnie Wood and Keith Richards during their touring and rehearsals as The New Barbarians. She moved to Los Angeles and, as her addiction increased, she became a full-time drug dealer and courier to Wood, Richards, and others in the entertainment industry. Smith first met comedian John Belushi on the set of "Saturday Night Live" in 1976, when the Band were the musical guests.
She later met Belushi again through Wood and Richards, when Belushi contacted her to purchase the drugs that eventually killed him. Smith claimed that she injected Belushi with 11 speedballs (a combination of cocaine and heroin) at the Chateau Marmont in Hollywood, California in March 1982, and that this injection led to his death. According to Woodward, Robin Williams was present and was "creeped out" by Smith, whom he deemed a "lowlife." Belushi had been battling cocaine addiction for years and combining it with occasional heroin use.
Released after initial questioning on the morning of Belushi's death, Smith spoke briefly to freelance writer Chris Van Ness. Then, two "National Enquirer" reporters, Tony Brenna and Larry Haley, spoke with her and published, four months after Belushi's death, their lengthy in-person interviews with her under the headline: "I killed John Belushi. I didn't mean to, but I am responsible." Her revelation led to the charge against Smith in Belushi's murder and 13 counts of administering cocaine and heroin. The "National Enquirer" reporters refused to testify at the subsequent trial and were threatened with incarceration by Judge Brian Crahan; however, he later vacated the contempt order.
After the police released her on March 5, 1982, the morning after Belushi's death, Smith went to St. Louis on the advice of her lawyer, Robert Sheahen, to avoid reporters. Discovered there, she flew back to Los Angeles. Then she traveled to New York and eventually returned to Toronto. Smith ultimately returned to the United States in June 1986, where she accepted a plea bargain by pleading no contest to involuntary manslaughter and several drug charges. She served 15 months in prison at California Institution for Women between December 1986 and March 1988. She was deported to Canada after her release and moved to Toronto, where she worked as a legal secretary and spoke to teenagers about the dangers of drugs.
Smith was arrested in Vancouver, British Columbia in July 1991 with two grams of heroin in her purse, for which she received a fine of CDN$2000 and 12 months' probation. She appeared in the "E! True Hollywood Story" episode on Belushi's death, which first aired in 1998.
Death.
Smith died on August 16, 2020, in Maple Ridge, British Columbia, at the age of 73. According to "The Globe and Mail", she had been on oxygen and in failing health for the previous few years.

</doc>
<doc id="6955254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955254" title="Måløy, Norway">
Måløy, Norway



</doc>
<doc id="6955261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955261" title="I Ain't Mad at Cha">
I Ain't Mad at Cha

"I Ain't Mad at Cha" is a song by American rapper 2Pac from Shakur's fourth studio album, "All Eyez on Me" (1996). It was released on September 15, 1996, two days after Shakur's death, as the album's fourth and final single. The song features contemporary soul singer Danny Boy providing vocals for its hook and was written by Shakur, Danny Boy and Daz Dillinger, who produced the song using a sample from DeBarge's "A Dream". The lyrics focus on Shakur reminiscing about past friends, love interests and associates he has lost touch with. The song is widely considered one of Shakur's best with Cheo Hodari Coker calling it "possibly the best song 2Pac has ever recorded". In 1998, "The Source" ranked the song's three verses second in its category of "dopest verses" in the history of hip-hop.
The single release differs from the version on the album with re-recorded vocals, alternative lyrics and a live band playing the beat. "I Ain't Mad at Cha" charted well internationally reaching number 13 on the UK Singles chart and number 58 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 Airplay. It also charted in the Top 30 on New Zealand, Netherlands, Ireland and Germany. It was not released as a single in the United States making it ineligible to chart on the "Billboard" singles charts. A small portion of the instrumental was used in the Super Bowl LVI halftime show on February 13, 2022.
Background.
The track was produced by Daz Dillinger and samples the song "A Dream" by DeBarge. The album version of the song was recorded the same day Tupac was released from prison, and was the second song he recorded that day, "Ambitionz Az a Ridah" being the first. As the song was not released as a single in the US, "Toss It Up", the lead single for Tupac's next album, "", was released in the US the following week, and countries that received "I Ain't Mad At Cha" as a single release had to wait until the following month (October) for the release of his next album's single. Writing credits are given to Tupac, Dillinger, Bunny DeBarge and Danny Boy.
Composition and recording.
The day Tupac was released from prison, he went to the studio and recorded "I Ain't Mad at Cha" and "Ambitionz Az a Ridah". When he entered the studio, the beat was already complete, and he wrote the lyrics and recorded the song all in a few hours. Shortly thereafter, Blackstreet released "Don't Leave Me" to the radio, which also interpolates the melody of "A Dream". According to Dave Aron, Tupac had a lot of energy from going into the studio. Kurupt was also in the studio at the time of recording and said that when Tupac heard the beat, he "flipped out" from excitement. He wanted to finish the song quickly and was cursing at the engineers for moving too slow.
Music video.
For the video, the whole song was re-recorded with a live band. Featuring horns and strings, Kevyn Lewis commissioned a band featuring Cornelius Mims, Warryn Campbell, Priest, Ricky Rouse, and Darryl Crooks to replay the track. The new track was recorded at Can-am Studio by Conley Abrams and was mixed at Larrabee North by Abrams. It was also shot weeks before Tupac's death.
The music video begins with Tupac and a friend of his (Bokeem Woodbine) leaving a hotel party at night. While waiting for someone to arrive a hooded man comes up, pulls out a handgun, and starts shooting in their direction. As Tupac pushes them out of the way, he gets hit by at least one bullet. In the ambulance his body gives in and he passes away. Upon entering Heaven, Tupac is told that they have been waiting for him to come for a long time, yet he still has to earn his way in. As a spirit, he then returns to Earth to watch over and guide his friend as he struggles through the next few days. While this is going on Tupac is shown rapping to his friend, (who can't see or hear him) trying to offer guidance. Finally, the video concludes with Tupac's friend gaining the courage to give condolences personally to Tupac's widow and daughter.
Look-alikes of many deceased African-American entertainers are revealed to be playing the beat in the party, featuring (among others), Redd Foxx, Jimi Hendrix, Bob Marley, Nat King Cole, Miles Davis, Marvin Gaye, Billie Holiday, Florence Ballard, Sammy Davis Jr., and Louis Armstrong. Danny Boy is also present in Heaven as an angel.
In the censored version, the third verse of the song is completely replaced with new lyrics that talk about the struggles of living, God, and life after death. The video ends with the words "Dedicated to Mutulu Shakur and Geronimo Pratt" appearing on the screen. These individuals are Tupac's stepfather and godfather, respectively. The music video was voted #33 on the "MTV Top 100 of 1996" ranking music videos.
Personnel.
Filming crew
Additional crew
Live performances.
Shakur performed the song live on February 17, 1996 on Saturday Night Live.
Track listing.
CD single.
DRWCD5/854 843-2
12" maxi single.
12 DRW5/854 843-1
Cassette single.
DRWMC5/854 842-4
In popular culture.
Rich Juzwiak of Gawker in an article expressed his disappointment in a 2014 musical about Shakur's life, the article titled, "We're Kind of Mad at Cha: The 2Pac Musical "Holler If Ya Hear Me"".
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder referenced the song in December 2014, when protestors interrupted him while he was giving a speech in Atlanta, Georgia at Ebenezer Baptist Church. In response, Holder stated to the protestors, "I’m not mad at cha".
On February 13, 2022, Dr. Dre played the first few notes of ‘I Ain’t Mad At Cha’ on the piano at the Super Bowl LVI halftime show.

</doc>
<doc id="6955262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955262" title="Mo i Rana, Norway">
Mo i Rana, Norway



</doc>
<doc id="6955268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955268" title="Ulster motorcycle Grand Prix">
Ulster motorcycle Grand Prix



</doc>
<doc id="6955269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955269" title="Fats Dantonio">
Fats Dantonio

John James "Fats" Dantonio (December 31, 1918 – May 28, 1993) was an American Major League Baseball catcher for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1944 and 1945. "Fats" was tall and weighed only 165 pounds.
Dantonio is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut on September 18, 1944, in a road game against the Boston Braves at Braves Field.
He played in just 3 games in '44, then batted .250 in 47 games the next season. His career totals for 50 games include a .244 batting average (33-for-135), 12 runs batted in, 12 runs scored, a .301 on-base percentage, and a .304 slugging percentage. As a receiver he was well below average, making 14 errors in 182 total chances for a low fielding percentage of .923.
Dantonio died in his hometown of New Orleans, Louisiana, at the age of 74.

</doc>
<doc id="6955273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955273" title="Elliott Forbes-Robinson">
Elliott Forbes-Robinson

Elliott Forbes-Robinson (born October 31, 1943, in La Crescenta, California) is an American road racing race car driver. He is known for his race wins and championships in many different series, including the American Le Mans Series (ALMS), Super Vee, Trans-Am Series, CanAm, IMSA GTU, and the World Challenge. He is known in NASCAR circles as a road course ringer. He is also a founder of the Legends Cars of 600 Racing and he designed their original car.
Racing career.
SCCA
1970 ARRC National Championships C production. Porsche 914-6 fourth in C production
1972 VW Gold Cup Super Vee 4th place overall in points. 2 Wins Riverside and Portland International Raceway
1972 SCCA ARRC National Championships E Production. Porsche 914. Results Pole position, Track record, Overall win by over 30 seconds. DQ'd in post-race inspection.
1974 VW Gold Cup Super Vee championship. Seven victories and four finishes in fifth or better out of the 13 races he entered.
He was the 1982 champion of the Trans-Am Series.
Forbes-Robinson co-won the 1987 Grand Prix of Miami with Geoff Brabham. In 1988, he took over the driver's seat from car owner Rick Hendrick during the final NASCAR race at Riverside International Raceway.
In the mid-1990s he competed in SCCA, IMSA’s GTU, the Pikes Peak International Hillclimb, and the World Sportscar Championship.
In 1991 he drives with Robby and Johnny Unser the 24 Hours of Nürburgring for Porsche [911 Cup/ with Herbert Linge + Dr. K.R.Schuster].
In 1997 he won the overall win at the 24 Hours of Daytona.
In 1999 he repeated as the overall winner at the 24 Hours of Daytona. He won the inaugural ALMS championship with teammate Butch Leitzinger for Dyson Racing.
He won the SR Class at the 2000 24 Hours of Daytona, and finished fifth in the class’ points standings.
He finished seventh the 2001 SRP class points, with a second-place finish in eight starts.
He had three SRP starts in 2002. He finished third in his only SRP II start.
He was the 2003 Rolex Vintage Enduro Car champion.
He raced in The Rolex Series in 2004, and had eight Top-5 finishes in eleven races. He co-drove with Leitzinger. He raced in the No. 4 Pontiac-Crawford Daytona Prototype car for Howard-Boss Motorsports.
He continued his relationship with Boss Motorsports co-driving with Leitzinger in 2005. The duo won at Mid-Ohio, and had second-place finishes at the 24 Hours of Daytona, Homestead, and Laguna Seca in seven races. They finished fifth in the final series points.
Road racing career totals.
He has had 51 major victories in his 30-year career. His victory co-driving with Butch Leitzinger at the 2004 Porsche 250 at Barber Motorsports Park gave him victories in 5 consecutive decades.
Awards.
He was inducted in the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="6955277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955277" title="Andrapa-Neapolis">
Andrapa-Neapolis



</doc>
<doc id="6955281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955281" title="Native Americans in the US">
Native Americans in the US



</doc>
<doc id="6955297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955297" title="Gulf Coast of the US">
Gulf Coast of the US



</doc>
<doc id="6955305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955305" title="Gulf Coast of the U.S.">
Gulf Coast of the U.S.



</doc>
<doc id="6955306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955306" title="Light rail on Staten Island">
Light rail on Staten Island



</doc>
<doc id="6955313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955313" title="Iskila">
Iskila



</doc>
<doc id="6955314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955314" title="Knights of Columba">
Knights of Columba



</doc>
<doc id="6955317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955317" title="Andrapa">
Andrapa



</doc>
<doc id="6955320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955320" title="Andrapolis">
Andrapolis



</doc>
<doc id="6955321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955321" title="Blocium">
Blocium



</doc>
<doc id="6955324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955324" title="Bloacium">
Bloacium



</doc>
<doc id="6955325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955325" title="Neoclaudiopolis">
Neoclaudiopolis



</doc>
<doc id="6955326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955326" title="Neopolis">
Neopolis



</doc>
<doc id="6955327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955327" title="İmad">
İmad



</doc>
<doc id="6955328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955328" title="İskelib">
İskelib



</doc>
<doc id="6955330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955330" title="Direklibel">
Direklibel



</doc>
<doc id="6955333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955333" title="Route 46">
Route 46



</doc>
<doc id="6955349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955349" title="Richardis">
Richardis

Saint Richardis (), also known as Richgard, Richardis of Swabia and Richarde de Souabe in French ( 840 – 18 September, between 894 and 896 AD), was empress of the Carolingian Empire as the wife of Charles the Fat. She was renowned for her piety and was the first abbess of Andlau. Repudiated by her husband, Richardis later became a Christian model of devotion and just rule. She was canonised in 1049.
Life.
She was born in Alsace, the daughter of Erchanger, count of the Nordgau, of the family of the Ahalolfinger. She married Charles in 862 and was crowned with him in Rome by Pope John VIII in 881. The marriage was childless.
Charles' reign was marked by internal and external strife, caused primarily by the constant plundering of Norman raiders on the northern French coast. These attacks had intensified as the aggressors, no longer content to pillage the coastline, had moved their attentions to cities and towns along the rivers. Powerless to resist the invasion of the Normans, Charles III paid for their departure with money, despite having military superiority.
By 887, Charles appears to have succumbed to fits of madness. During this crisis, Richardis attempted to rule in her husband's stead but was unsuccessful. In an effort to bring down the over-powerful and hated bishop Liutward, Charles' archchancellor - or, simply, as a means to replace Charles' childless wife, Richardis, with a new queen who might provide children - he and Richardis were accused by Charles and his courtiers of adultery. Charles asserted that their marriage was unconsummated and demanded a divorce. According to legend and her hagiography, she was put to the ordeal by fire, which she passed successfully; in practice, the commission founded by the Pope to handle the requested annulment and charges reported that she was in fact a virgin.
Protected by her family, she then withdrew to Andlau Abbey, which she had founded on her ancestral lands in 880, and where her niece Rotrod was abbess. (Richardis herself was previously lay abbess of religious houses at Säckingen and Zurich). She died at Andlau on 18 September and was buried there.
The Legend of Richardis.
After her lifetime, a legend grew up around the life of Richardis. The legend relates that, despite being a virtuous wife, her husband continued to accuse her of misconduct. This he did for over ten years. In a bid to assure him of her innocence, she finally assented to an ordeal by fire. Though she was barefoot and wearing a shirt covered in wax, the flames nevertheless refused to touch her. Disheartened by her husband's continued mistrust, Richardis left the imperial palace and wandered into the forest. There she was visited by an angel, who ordered her to found a convent in a certain spot, which a bear would indicate to her.
An alternative legend recounts that Richardis found the mother bear grieving over her dead cub in the forest. When Richardis held the cub, it returned to life. After the working of this miracle, both mother and cub remained devoted to the saint for the rest of their lives.
However, the abbey had already been founded seven years before her divorce from Charles the Fat, and the area had long been associated with the bear. Incorporating the mythos of the bear, the nuns at Andlau long maintained a live bear and allowed free board and passage to passing bear-keepers. To this day images of the saint are still often accompanied by that of a bear.
Veneration.
Richardis was later canonised and remains translated in November 1049 by Pope Leo IX to a more impressive tomb in the newly rebuilt abbey church. The present tomb dates from 1350.
Richardis is patron of Andlau, and of protection against fires. Her iconography refers to her status as an empress and nun and to her ordeal by fire. The bear and ploughshare refer to the foundation legend of Andlau Abbey.

</doc>
<doc id="6955354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955354" title="Mosjøen, Norway">
Mosjøen, Norway



</doc>
<doc id="6955372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955372" title="Lies My Teacher Taught Me">
Lies My Teacher Taught Me



</doc>
<doc id="6955384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955384" title="Mysen, Norway">
Mysen, Norway



</doc>
<doc id="6955390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955390" title="Liber ad honorem Augusti">
Liber ad honorem Augusti

The ' ("Book in honour of the Augustus, or on Sicilian affairs"; also called Carmen de motibus Siculis""', "Poem on the Sicilian revolt") is an illustrated narrative epic in Latin elegiac couplets, written in Palermo in 1196 by Peter of Eboli (in Latin, Petrus de Ebulo). The presentation copy, ordered by chancellor Conrad of Querfurt, is now MS. 120 II of the Bern Municipal Library.
It tells the story of Tancred of Lecce's attempt to take control of Sicily, an attempt thwarted by the successful military campaign of Henry VI, Holy Roman Emperor. Composed in honour of Henry VI and intended for presentation to him, the poem, distributed into three books, the last one being an encomium of Henry VI, and 52 continuously numbered particulae, is written in a mannered and sophisticated style. It is often mocking and extremely biased (see for example part. 4; 7-9; 25f. and the illustrations), but, once allowance has been made for this, is a useful and detailed historical source. It contains much information about Constance of Sicily, the wife of Henry VI (part. 20ff.), and the birth of her son Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor (part. 43).
At every page opening a column of Latin text is faced by a full page illustration with brief captions. This beautiful volume gives a rich picture of 12th century life in Italy and Sicily; it may be compared with the 11th century Bayeux Tapestry. The fierce caricatures of Tancred, who is depicted as almost ape-like in stature and features, match the propagandistic bias of the text.

</doc>
<doc id="6955395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955395" title="Mortal Kombat (1995 score)">
Mortal Kombat (1995 score)

Mortal Kombat: Original Motion Picture Score is the instrumental score album released to accompany the "Mortal Kombat" (1995) film. The music was composed by George S. Clinton with additional guitar work provided by Buckethead and drums by Brain.
Clinton based his main themes on Japanese taiko drums, emphasizing the film's mystical atmosphere and Asian-influenced style. He used Shakuhachi flute, didgeridoos and a Tuvan throat singer to give the film a more exotic musical landscape than following traditional orchestral scores.
In a 2015 interview, Clinton said,
Clinton created the sound effect that suggests the presence of Shang Tsung in the film with a Tuvan throat singer which along with other segments of this score were used extensively in other film teasers and trailers, most notable in Roland Emmerich's "Godzilla" and the "Final Destination" franchise.
The album contains two tracks not used in the film named "Farewell" and "Kids". The latter can be heard at the end of the sequel "Mortal Kombat Annihilation".
Reception.
"Los Angeles Times" critic Kevin Thomas characterized it as a "driving, hard-edged" score.

</doc>
<doc id="6955397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955397" title="Evangelical Theological Association">
Evangelical Theological Association

The Evangelical Theological Association (ETA) was a cooperative partnership established in 1975 between the Churches of Christ Theological College and Whitley College. It was accredited as an associated teaching institute of the Melbourne College of Divinity. The ETA taught undergraduate and postgraduate theology courses, for degrees awarded by the Melbourne College of Divinity. It was disbanded in 2005 when both the constituent colleges became independent Registered Teaching Institutions of the MCD.

</doc>
<doc id="6955398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955398" title="Dee Dee Davis">
Dee Dee Davis



</doc>
<doc id="6955403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955403" title="Dick Katz">
Dick Katz

Richard Aaron Katz (March 13, 1924 – November 10, 2009) was an American jazz pianist, arranger and record producer. He freelanced throughout much of his career, and worked in a number of ensembles. He co-founded Milestone Records in 1966 with Orrin Keepnews.
Career.
Katz studied at the Peabody Institute, the Manhattan School of Music, and Juilliard. He also took piano lessons from Teddy Wilson. In the 1950s, he joined the house rhythm section of the Café Bohemia, and worked in the groups of Ben Webster and Kenny Dorham, Oscar Pettiford, and, later, Carmen McRae. From 1954 to 1955, he was part of the J. J. Johnson/Kai Winding Quintet. He also worked in Orchestra USA and participated on Benny Carter's "Further Definitions" album, and worked on some of Helen Merrill's recordings. In the late 1960s, he played with Roy Eldridge and Lee Konitz. In the 1990s, he worked as a pianist and arranger with the American Jazz Orchestra and Loren Schoenberg's big band.
Will Friedwald called Katz "a keyboardist of uncommon sensitivity and harmonic acumen." He was the favorite pianist of Benny Carter and Coleman Hawkins, as well as vocalists Carmen McRae and Helen Merrill.
Personal life.
He died in Manhattan of lung cancer at the age of 85.
His son, Jamie Katz, a Columbia University graduate, is a freelance journalist and contributor to the "Smithsonian" magazine.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Benny Carter
With Al Cohn
With Jack DeJohnette
With Kenny Dorham
With Nancy Harrow
With Milt Hinton
With Jimmy Knepper
With Lee Konitz
With Carmen McRae
With Helen Merrill
With James Moody
With Joe Newman
With Oscar Pettiford
With Jimmy Raney
With Sonny Rollins
With Loren Schoenberg
With Ben Webster
With Kai Winding and J. J. Johnson

</doc>
<doc id="6955408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955408" title="Mòdena">
Mòdena



</doc>
<doc id="6955413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955413" title="Mortal Kombat Motion Picture Score">
Mortal Kombat Motion Picture Score



</doc>
<doc id="6955416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955416" title="Módena">
Módena



</doc>
<doc id="6955430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955430" title="Mòdna">
Mòdna



</doc>
<doc id="6955451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955451" title="Flying Dutchman (opera)">
Flying Dutchman (opera)



</doc>
<doc id="6955458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955458" title="Black-footed tree-rat">
Black-footed tree-rat

The black-footed tree-rat ("Mesembriomys gouldii"), also known as Djintamoonga, is one of two endemic Australian rodent species in the genus "Mesembriomys." Both the black-footed tree-rat and its congener, the golden-backed tree-rat ("M. macrurus"), are found in northern Australia. The species is one of the largest murids found in Australia.
Haematological and blood chemistry research has been performed on the black-footed tree-rat to aid in the captive and natural management of Australian native murids held in captivity for conservation purposes.
Description.
The tree-rat has a greyish-brown coat that is shaggy and coarse and has a creamy white underbelly. The hind feet are black with well developed pads and strong sharp claws. They have large ears and a long tail with a brush of white hair at the tip. They grow to a mass of . The head and body length of the tree-rat is typically with a tail length of .
Three subspecies of the black-footed tree-rat have been recognised, based on minor morphological differences in skull and foot shape, as well as variation in colouration. Research into the population genomics of the species agrees with the subspecific delimitation, with the Gulf of Carpentaria separating the Queensland subspecies from the other mainland subspecies found in the Northern Territory and Western Australia. The third subspecies is found on Melville Island in the Northern Territory.
Behaviour.
The black-footed tree-rat is typically solitary and nocturnal, although multiple individuals can sometimes be found denning in the same hollow or fallen log. Individuals are semi-arboreal, but spend time on the ground foraging or moving between trees. The species typically shelters in tree hollows (typically Eucalyptus miniata or E. tetrodonta) and pandanus stands during the day.
Individuals have a mean home range area of about 40 hectares, although this can vary considerably.
Feeding.
It is a folivore and frugivore and its diet may be supplemented by invertebrates such as termites and molluscs.
Distribution.
"Mesembriomys gouldii" has a range extending from the savannahs of Cape York Peninsula in Queensland westward to the Kimberley region of Western Australia. Habitats such as tropical woodlands or open forest are suitable for the tree rat, although it persists well in the more complex coastal vine thickets and closed forests. It is not common in many areas and many geographic regions show substantial population declines. One study in the Northern Territory found that the extent of occurrence had declined by over 30% compared to the pre-European distribution, and that breadth of occupied environmental space had declined by over 40%. The same study observed that the species was contracting to areas of higher rainfall, milder temperatures, and higher vegetation complexity than it was present in historically.
Genetic estimation of effective population size trajectories in four black-footed tree-rat populations showed that most populations are undergoing severe declines, although the population around the city of Darwin in the Northern Territory appears to have been more stable.
The estimated global population is 30,000, although the distribution and density is poorly known in Western Australia and Queensland, where records are far more sparse.

</doc>
<doc id="6955460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955460" title="Gerald Gentleman Station">
Gerald Gentleman Station

Gerald Gentleman Station is the largest electricity generating plant in Nebraska, USA. It is located at , approximately south of Sutherland. The plant, owned and operated by Nebraska Public Power District (NPPD), consists of two coal-fired generating units launched into service in 1979 and 1982, which together have the capability to generate 1,365 megawatts of power.
History.
The construction of the station began in May 1973 and the first unit entered commercial service in April 1979 at a cost of $335 million. The construction of the second unit began in June 1977 and it began its commercial service in January 1982 with an additional expenditure of $287 million. The facility is named after Gerald Gentleman, a Platte Center, Nebraska, native.
Coal supply.
Coal comes from Powder River Basin in Wyoming by railroad, using Union Pacific and BNSF Railway lines as well as tracks that were built for this purpose by NPPD. At full capacity, the station burns 800 tons () of coal per hour.
Water use.
The waste heat is dumped into man-made Sutherland Reservoir, fed by the Sutherland Canal which originates at Kingsley Dam on the North Platte River.

</doc>
<doc id="6955468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955468" title="Bugun liocichla">
Bugun liocichla

The Bugun liocichla (Liocichla bugunorum) is a passerine bird species from the family Leiothrichidae closely related to the Emei Shan liocichla. First spotted in 1995 in Arunachal Pradesh, India, it was described as a new species in 2006. The description was made without the collection of a type specimen as they were too few to risk killing one. It is thought to be an endangered species, with a small population, and a very restricted distribution range within which commercial development threatens the habitat.
Description.
The Bugun liocichla is a small babbler () with olive-grey plumage and a black cap. The face is marked with prominent orange-yellow lores, and the wings have yellow, red and white patches. The tail is black with crimson coloured undertail coverts and red tips. The feet are pink and the bill is black at the face fading to pale white. A second duller individual was mist netted, which was probably the female. The voice is described as fluty and distinctive.
A study of the evolution of the species within the genus "Liocichla" based on mitochondrial DNA sequence similarity showed that the species is most closely related to "L. omeiensis" with the Hengduan Mountains possibly acting as the isolating barrier between the two.
Distribution and habitat.
All sightings of the species have been at an altitude of on disturbed hillsides covered with shrubs and small trees, with the exception of one sighting on the edge of primary forest. It lives in a territory similar to that of the Emei Shan liocichla. Small flocks were observed during January, whereas pairs were observed in May, with an estimated total of 14 individuals. It is thought that pairs may hold and defend territories. The Bugun liocichla is only currently known from just one location. Populations may be discovered in other areas of Arunachal Pradesh or neighbouring Bhutan.
Attempts have been made to identify new locations where the species could occur based on identification of suitable habitats using computational models.
Species discovery.
The species was described in 2006 after being discovered in Eaglenest Wildlife Sanctuary in Arunachal Pradesh, India, by an astrophysicist, Ramana Athreya. The species was first spotted in the sanctuary in 1995 but was not seen again for ten years. Athreya spotted them again in January 2005 but did not publicize it until he was able to confirm it to be a new species. It was initially identified as appearing most similar to an Emei Shan liocichla, "Liocichla omeiensis", a species of Liocichla endemic to China. It was, however, distinctly different and the full description was finally made by capturing and examining two individuals using mistnets, in May 2006. Due to the apparent rarity of the species no type specimen was collected, instead feathers from the mist net, photographs, recordings and notes were used as the holotype. The International Code of Zoological Nomenclature does not allow for new species to be described without the collection of type specimens, but this provision was circumvented in this case by the collection of feathers (the Code allows for "any part of an animal" to be treated as a type specimen; Art. 72.5.1). The 1991 description of the Bulo Burti boubou ("Laniarius liberatus"), an African bushshrike species later considered invalid, lacked a specimen and only blood samples were collected and has been more controversial. A detailed review of the discovery of the species was published in 2007.
The first report of the species was made in a posting to Nathistory-India, an electronic mailing list in 1996. It was only in 2006, however, that the species was formally described.
Taxonomy and systematics.
The species' scientific and common names are derived from the Bugun tribe in whose communal forests the species was discovered.
The species is a sister of "Liocichla omeiensis" and the speciation may have been caused by the isolating geographic barrier of the Hengduan mountains.
Threats and conservation.
For a "spectacular bird" with distinctive calls to have been overlooked until 1995 suggests that the species is not common. Only three breeding pairs are currently known and it's listed as critically endangered. While the species is capable of living in degraded forests, its small population is considered threatened, especially in the light of plans to build a highway through an area thought to be its primary habitat.

</doc>
<doc id="6955481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955481" title="Walter Ockey">
Walter Ockey

Walter Andrew "Footie" Ockey (January 4, 1920 – December 4, 1971) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who appeared in two games, both in relief, for the New York Giants in 1944. The , right-hander was a native of New York City.
Ockey is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut on May 3, 1944, in a home game against the Philadelphia Blue Jays at the Polo Grounds. His only other appearance was on May 20 against the St. Louis Cardinals at Sportsman's Park. Totals for his brief career include 1 game finished, 1 earned run allowed in 2 innings pitched, and an ERA of 3.38. Defensively, he recorded 2 assists without making an error. Bill Lee of the Philadelphia Phillies is the only batter Ockey struck out.
Ockey died at the age of 51 in Staten Island, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="6955489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955489" title="Marian College, Kuttikkanam">
Marian College, Kuttikkanam

Marian College is an autonomous educational institution in Kuttikkanam, Idukki, Kerala, India. It offers graduate and postgraduate courses. The Catholic Diocese of Kanjirapally established Marian College Kuttikkanam in 1995 to provide the student community with education in information technology, commerce, social work and management. Marian College Kuttikkanam is accredited with 'A++' Grade by NAAC. The college is declared as the college with Potential for Excellence (CPE) by UGC. Marian college is affiliated to MG University Kottayam. Marian acquired its autonomous status in 2016 becoming the college to acquire the status in 21 years.
History.
Origins and Vision (1990s).
Marian College Kuttikkanam was envisioned by the Catholic Diocese of Kanjirappally with a mission to bring quality higher education to the high-range rural regions of Idukki district in Kerala. In the early 1990s, access to higher education in the region was limited. Recognizing this gap, the diocese, under the leadership of Mar Mathew Arackal, the then Bishop of Kanjirappally, proposed the establishment of a college rooted in Christian values, academic excellence, and social commitment.
1995: Marian College was officially established with affiliation to Mahatma Gandhi University, Kottayam.
It began with just three undergraduate courses and a handful of faculty members, operating out of modest facilities surrounded by the serene hills of Kuttikkanam.
The college was named after the Virgin Mary (Maria), symbolizing purity, wisdom, and compassion.
Early Growth and Academic Expansion (2000–2010).
During the first decade of the 21st century, Marian saw rapid academic and infrastructural growth:
Introduced new undergraduate and postgraduate programs in Commerce, Computer Applications, and Social Work.
Focused heavily on infrastructure development, including construction of hostels, laboratories, library, and a central academic block.
Created a unique culture of mentorship, student participation, and community development.
In 2003, Marian received its first NAAC accreditation, marking the beginning of national recognition for its academic and administrative quality.
Innovation and Autonomy (2010–2020).
This decade marked a transformational phase for Marian College:
2016: Marian College was granted autonomous status by UGC, one of the earliest colleges in the region to receive this recognition.
Autonomy empowered the college to design its own curriculum, conduct its own examinations, and innovate pedagogical practices, while still being affiliated to MG University.
2017: Re-accredited by NAAC with A+ Grade (CGPA 3.52).
New Departments were introduced, including English, Physics Management Studies, and Animation &amp; Media Studies.
International Collaborations: Marian began forging global academic partnerships and signed MOUs with institutions in USA, UK, and the Middle East.
Launched Marian Institute of Management (MIM) in 2011, offering AICTE-approved MBA programs and carving a niche in business education.
Emphasized skill development, entrepreneurship, and social responsibility through student-led clubs, community outreach programs, and the Entrepreneurship Development Cell.
Current Era and Excellence (2020–Present).
Despite the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, Marian adapted swiftly with online platforms, digital learning, and hybrid classes. The institution focused heavily on digital transformation and technological integration in teaching-learning.
2023: Marian achieved its highest NAAC accreditation yet – A++ Grade with a CGPA of 3.71, placing it among the top colleges in India. This accreditation is valid until 2030.
Infrastructure upgrades included modern smart classrooms, digital library access, new research labs, and fully Wi-Fi-enabled campus.
Launched new academic programs in Data Science, Psychology, Tourism, and International Business, keeping up with global and industry trends.
Marian continues to promote value-based education, rooted in Christian ideals but open and inclusive to students of all backgrounds.
Legacy and Impact.
Marian College has grown from just 3 courses in 1995 to 25+ undergraduate and postgraduate programs today.
Thousands of alumni have passed through its halls, making their mark in academia, industry, media, government, and the arts.
The college has become a model for rural education development, known for its blend of academic excellence, ethical grounding, and global outlook.
Courses.
Marian College offers a wide range of undergraduate, postgraduate, and research programs in Arts, Commerce, and Science streams. Programs include:
Department of Physics.
The college also emphasizes interdisciplinary learning, student-led research, and continuous internal evaluation. As an autonomous institution, Marian designs its own syllabi and conducts its own examinations, allowing greater flexibility and innovation.
Marian Institute of Management.
Marian Institute of Management (MIM) is the dedicated management wing of Marian College Kuttikkanam (Autonomous), located in Idukki, Kerala. Established in 2005, MIM offers a full-time Master of Business Administration (MBA) program approved by AICTE and affiliated with Mahatma Gandhi University, Kottayam.
It offers MBA with specializations in Finance, Marketing, Human Resource Management, and Operations is approved by AICTE and operates under the NAAC A++ accredited Marian College. MIM is equipped with smart classrooms, a dedicated MBA library, computer labs, seminar halls, and career support services. It provides a strong emphasis on industry exposure through internships, industrial visits, live projects, and guest lectures. MIM has a strong placement cell with connections to companies in BFSI, IT, retail, and manufacturing sectors.
It stands out for combining academic rigour with soft-skill development, leadership training, and value-based education.
Campus.
The college campus is nestled in the scenic high ranges of Kuttikkanam in Kerala's Idukki district. It offers a peaceful learning environment surrounded by nature. The infrastructure includes:
Student Life.
Marian boasts an energetic and diverse student community. Student life is enriched by:
Accreditation.
Marian College has been accredited by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) multiple times:
2003: First accreditation
2012: Re-accredited with A grade
2017: Re-accredited with A+ grade (CGPA 3.52)
2023: Re-accredited with A++ grade, CGPA 3.71, valid till 2030
It remains one of the top-ranked NAAC-accredited colleges in Kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="6955490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955490" title="Mesembriomys gouldii">
Mesembriomys gouldii



</doc>
<doc id="6955495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955495" title="Hapalotis hirsutus">
Hapalotis hirsutus



</doc>
<doc id="6955512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955512" title="Route 48">
Route 48



</doc>
<doc id="6955521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955521" title="Toki Wartooth">
Toki Wartooth



</doc>
<doc id="6955523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955523" title="People of Darkness">
People of Darkness

People of Darkness is a crime novel by American writer Tony Hillerman, the fourth in the Joe Leaphorn/Jim Chee Navajo Tribal Police series, first published in 1980. It is the first novel in the series to feature Officer Jim Chee. The AMC television series "Dark Winds" adapted the novel in its second season.
Jim Chee takes a position at the Crownpoint, New Mexico, office of the Navajo Tribal Police. New crimes involve a very wealthy white man and several Navajos he befriended nearly 30 years earlier, helping them support their church. His wealth arose from uranium mining, much more profitable than oil drilling.
The novel was well-received: "well-written and gripping . . . [set] against a background of authentic Indian culture, an incredible achievement for a non-Indian writer." and "thoroughly splendid work: moody, atmospheric, complex without contrivance, and properly unsettling." A review written in 2010 was still impressed with the novel, declaring "the great triumph of Hillerman’s art lies in the way he was able to weave this Native American theme into the story, along with all the accompanying cultural background, without ever compromising the mystery."
Plot summary.
A bacteriologist in the cancer research hospital, waiting for laboratory results, sees a blond-haired man move something from his car to a pick-up truck parked in an illegal space. She sees a tow truck pull the pick-up away; within seconds, the truck explodes, killing the operators of the tow truck.
A few months later, Jim Chee is asked by Mrs. Vines to find a box stolen from her house, wanting to hire him off-duty. The box contains mementos that she wants back before her husband returns; she thinks Emerson Charley is the thief. Mr. Vines returns, telling Chee not to bother with the task his wife asked him to do. Sheriff Sena is angry at Chee for talking with Mr. and Mrs. Vines. Sena shares the story of the six Navajo men in the crew under Dillon Charley who did not go to work at the oil field years back because Charley had a vision saying something bad would happen that day, which was true. Chee learns that the man whose truck exploded a few months back was Emerson Charley, son of Dillon and head of the People of Darkness church, who has been in the hospital at the University of New Mexico since that day, ill with cancer. Sena believes the motion sensor bomb in the pick-up truck was meant for Emerson, despite his fatal disease.
When Colton Wolf learns about Emerson Charley's death, he goes to the hospital morgue to find, steal and bury his body, which the cancer group wants to autopsy. At a local rug auction, Tomas Charley tells Jim Chee that his father's body was stolen from the hospital. Tomas tells Chee where the stolen box is and that it contains rocks and military medals. Chee meets Mary Landon and asks her out. Next day, they go to fetch the box from the malpais, and encounter Tomas Charley's dead body, killed a minute before. The killer is the same man who met Tomas at the rug auction after Chee did. Colton, the killer, does not like witnesses, so he shoots Chee and sets fire to his vehicle.
Chee is recovering in the hospital after surgery for his gunshot wound, visited by a string of lawmen. Sheriff Sena is driven by the loss of his older brother in that oil field explosion. Sgt. Hunt of the Albuquerque Police Department tells Chee of the history of killings attached to the man who shot him. A sketch of his face from what the bacteriologist saw matches the face Chee saw. Martin from the FBI visits next. Knowing about this man and his methods proves useful when Chee awakens about 3 am to find he has a roommate, and that the blond haired man is in the hospital corridor. Chee hides in the false ceiling space, coming down to find that the other patient was killed by the silenced weapon in his stead, and the nurse is killed as well. Chee calls the Albuquerque Police, but they do not find the killer, who drives off in a stolen car. Chee and Mary Landon research the events of the oil field explosion and what happened to the six Navajos who did not go to work that day. So far, four of the six died of leukemia and one of another cancer, within 5 years of the explosion, highly unusual. They hope to find the body of the sixth, to see what an autopsy might reveal. They realize that is why Emerson Charley's body was stolen from the hospital.
Chee and Mary Landon learn where the sixth man is buried from his sister, up in the Bisti badlands. Colton pretends to the NTP that he is Martin, the FBI agent, so that the NTP will put out radio calls for Chee, which Colton can hear with his police band radio. Chee and Landon find the long-interred body of the sixth man, and can see abnormal bone growth on his skeleton below his pouch, still carrying the mole amulet. Chee puts a note on Colton's car. The note is written on the check Vines gave Chee, saying that Vines will give Colton up to law enforcement. Chee tosses a boulder in his pick-up truck, which explodes from the bomb Colton placed in it. Colton drives away. Mary and Chee wait until daylight when a pipeline company helicopter rescues them. Chee reaches Vines mansion by helicopter just after Colton arrived through the heavy snows of the night. Colton kills Vines, and Mrs. Vines shoots Colton in self-defense.
Vines gave mole-shaped amulets to the six Navajo men on the crew, meant to symbolize their religion, but made of pitchblende. The radiation brought early death by cancer, as the men carried the amulets in a pouch worn on the body. Vines was not a newcomer to the area, but the geologist Carl Lebeck. Lebeck was not killed in the explosion because he rigged it. He revealed himself to Chee by what he failed to note on the reports 30 years earlier—uranium is being mined now, above the level where oil was expected in the core samples Lebeck analyzed, but was not noted. Vines did not want an active oil field in someone else's ownership when he could make a fortune by buying the lease for the land and selling the rights for the uranium. That white man acted like Navajo witch, in a twist ending.
Title.
The Navajo word that means mole, the underground hunting animal, if literally translated, also means the people of darkness. The amulet used for the church started by Dillon Charley was a mole, a gift made by the character Vines in honor of his own money being made by mining uranium below the soil, and the earlier escape from the 1948 oil field explosion for the church members.
Geography.
In his 2011 book "Tony Hillerman's Navajoland: Hideouts, Haunts, and Havens in the Joe Leaphorn and Jim Chee Mysteries", author has listed the following 24 geographical locations, real and fictional, mentioned in "People of Darkness".
Reviews.
"Gumshoe Review" notes that Hillerman is the master of his genre, even upon rereading almost 30 years later: 
The "Sun-Sentinel" stated, "Not only are the stories well-written and gripping, but they also play against a background of authentic Indian culture, an incredible achievement for a non-Indian writer."
"Kirkus Reviews" determined:
Allusions to real events.
After the development of the atomic bomb, the demand for uranium, previously of little value, grew sharply. Fortunes were made in the Four Corners area of the US during the period of high demand, for example, by Charles Steen.
The lands of the eastern portion of the Navajo Nation, in New Mexico, are called the Checkerboard reservation. This arose from the way in which land was given to railroads in the 19th century, leaving questions of who owns land, a problem for police jurisdictions among others.

</doc>
<doc id="6955552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955552" title="Fetal hydantoin syndrome">
Fetal hydantoin syndrome

Fetal hydantoin syndrome, also called fetal dilantin syndrome, is a group of defects caused to the developing fetus by exposure to teratogenic effects of phenytoin. Dilantin is the brand name of the drug phenytoin sodium in the United States, commonly used in the treatment of epilepsy.
It may also be called congenital hydantoin syndrome, fetal hydantoin syndrome, dilantin embryopathy, or phenytoin embryopathy.
Association with EPHX1 has been suggested.
Signs and symptoms.
About one third of children whose mothers are taking this drug during pregnancy typically have intrauterine growth restriction with a small head and develop minor dysmorphic craniofacial features (microcephaly and intellectual disability) and limb defects including hypoplastic nails and distal phalanges (birth defects). Heart defects including ventricular septal defect, atrial septal defect, patent ductus arteriosus and coarctation of the aorta may occur in these children. A smaller population will have growth problems and developmental delay, or intellectual disability.
Heart defects and cleft lip may also be featured.
Diagnosis.
There is no diagnostic testing that can identify fetal hydantoin syndrome. A diagnosis is made clinically based upon identification of characteristic symptoms in an affected infant in conjunction with a history of phenytoin exposure during gestation. It is important to note that the majority of infants born to women who take phenytoin during pregnancy will not develop fetal hydantoin syndrome.
Treatment.
The treatment of fetal hydantoin syndrome is directed toward the specific symptoms that are apparent in each individual. Treatment may require the coordinated efforts of a team of specialists. Pediatricians, oral surgeons, plastic surgeons, neurologists, psychologists, and other healthcare professionals may need to systematically and comprehensively plan an affected child's treatment. Infants with fetal hydantoin syndrome can benefit from early developmental intervention to ensure that affected children reach their potential. Affected children may benefit from occupational, physical and speech therapy. Various methods of rehabilitative and behavioral therapy may be beneficial. Additional medical, social and/or vocational services may be necessary. Psychosocial support for the entire family is essential as well.
When cleft lip and/or palate are present, the coordinated efforts of a team of specialists may be used to plan an affected child's treatment and rehabilitation. Cleft lip may be surgically corrected. Generally surgeons repair the lip when the child is still an infant. A second surgery is sometimes necessary for cosmetic purposes when the child is older. Cleft palate may be repaired by surgery or covered by an artificial device (prosthesis) that closes or blocks the opening. Surgical repair can be carried out in stages or in a single operation, according to the nature and severity of the defect. The first palate surgery is usually scheduled during the toddler period.

</doc>
<doc id="6955553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955553" title="Route 49">
Route 49



</doc>
<doc id="6955561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955561" title="Centre Place, Melbourne">
Centre Place, Melbourne

Centre Place is a laneway and pedestrian precinct in Melbourne, Australia. It runs north from Flinders Lane to Collins Street, between Elizabeth Street and Swanston Street.
The laneway is famous for its vibrant bars, cafes, restaurants and boutiques. It also features some of Melbourne's most well-known examples of street art and graffiti and the precinct has been used in tourism campaigns for the city.
Location.
Located within the original Hoddle Grid on which Melbourne's streets were designed, Centre Place has become an important thoroughfare for pedestrians. From Flinders Street station it is common to travel through the underground Campbell Arcade to Degraves Street, and then via Centre Place to the Centreway Arcade to reach Collins Street. This forms a partially undercover route through art spaces, cafés, shops and iconic laneways.
The lane hooks sharply left midway to Collins Street, making the road undesirable for vehicles, hence its status and use as a pedestrian precinct. The laneway is overlooked by numerous residences and their balconies.
History.
Originally called Cummings Alley, the street wound around warehouses in the 1890s and the western portion was lined with urinals. By 1915 Cummings Alley had been joined to Collins Street via Centreway Arcade and was renamed Centre Court.
Centre Place became one of the 'first generation of revitalised laneways' in the 1980s. Council and State Governments at this time recognised the importance of preserving and revitalising the laneways of Melbourne. They worked to attract new boutique shops and cafés with street exposure.
The revitalised lane subsequently became popular with shoppers. Nearby retailers and businesses have also embraced the precinct, with the office and retail building at 271 Collins Street cutting an access point through to Centre Place in their building, highlighting its importance and desirability.

</doc>
<doc id="6955565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955565" title="US Senate Committee on Armed Services">
US Senate Committee on Armed Services



</doc>
<doc id="6955575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955575" title="Transportation in New York (state)">
Transportation in New York (state)

 
Transportation in New York is made up of some of the most extensive and one of the oldest transportation infrastructures in the country. Engineering difficulties because of the terrain of the State of New York and the unique issues of New York City brought on by urban crowding have had to be overcome since the state was young. Population expansion of the state generally followed the path of the early waterways, first the Hudson River and then the Erie Canal. Today, railroad lines and the New York State Thruway follow the same general route.
History.
Transportation was used early on to support industry and commerce in the State of New York. The Boston Post Road, between what then the relatively small City of New York and Boston, began as a path to deliver the post using post riders (the first ride to lay out the Upper Post Road starting January 22, 1673), and developed into a wagon, or stage road in later colonial times. During the 19th century, pieces of the road were taken over and improved by turnpike companies. In the 1910s and 1920s, the Lower Post Road alignment (and realignments made to the route) was a National Auto Trail known as the Boston Post Road. Large sections of the various routes are still given the name Boston Post Road, much of it is now U.S. Route 1.
By the American Revolutionary War, the colonial Province of New York was still small and relatively sparsely populated. In the 1790 United States Census, the state had a population of 340,120, placing it behind Virginia (747,610), Pennsylvania (434,373), Massachusetts (378,787). The state grew rapidly after this as New York City grew to become the country's shipping epicenter. On October 24, 1825, the Erie Canal opened and over the next century would make boom towns out of the Upstate cities of Buffalo, Rochester, Syracuse, Rome, Utica and Schenectady. Use of the canal would only decline after 1950. Cities in the State of New York would frequently show up as amongst the largest in the United States during the 19th, and into the early 20th century.
The other major contribution to New York's transportation system was its extensive railroad network. The New York Central Water Level Route was advertised as the world's first four-track railroad, and connected New York City, Buffalo, and the cities in between.
Canals.
Early transportation in the State of New York was primarily by rivers and canals. Today, the canals are primarily used for recreation.
Urban mass transit.
One of the most famous urban mass transit systems in the world is the New York City Subway. New York City is also served by Port Authority Trans-Hudson (PATH), and an extensive bus system.
Besides New York City, many of the other cities have mass transit systems.
Buffalo Metro Rail serves Buffalo, the second largest city in the state. However, this service also resembles a light rail system.
Defunct.
Rochester had a subway system, although it is mostly destroyed. Only a small part exists under the old Erie Canal Aqueduct. In its day, the system would carry people underground on what were essentially streetcars. If the system still existed today, it would probably be described as a light rail service.
Rochester, Utica, and other upstate cities once had streetcar and interurban systems.
Commuter railroads.
NJ Transit and Amtrak also serve New York City and its suburbs.
Intercity and International rail.
Like most of United States, the only intercity rail passenger service is provided by Amtrak. New York City's Pennsylvania Station is the busiest of Amtrak's rail stations. The most successful of Amtrak's routes, the Northeast Corridor, operates between Washington, D.C., and Boston, Massachusetts. The most popular and heavily used routes in the Amtrak system are those on the Northeast Corridor, which include the "Acela Express", and the "Northeast Regional".
Amtrak's "Empire Service" trains provide frequent daily service along the 460-mile (740 km) Empire Corridor between New York City and Niagara Falls. The route was formerly the Water Level Route of the New York Central Railroad to Buffalo and then the former Buffalo and Niagara Falls Railroad. One train, known as the "Maple Leaf", continues beyond Niagara Falls to Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Recently, the state has taken more interest in increasing the frequency and speed of intercity rail, going so far as to propose the creation of a statewide high-speed rail network.
Intercity Bus.
New York City is a hub for intercity bus networks in the northeastern United States. The rest of the state is served by intercity buses run by companies such as Megabus, Greyhound Lines, Trailways of New York, OurBus, North Fork Express, Hampton Jitney, Coach USA Short Line and others.
Aviation.
In the state of New York, the most prominent airports are the ones serving New York City, with John F. Kennedy International Airport and LaGuardia Airport having the most enplanements by a wide margin. Buffalo Niagara International Airport, the airport with the third most enplanements lags behind second place LaGuardia by 13 million.
New York City airports.
LaGuardia Airport.
LaGuardia Airport, colloquially known as LaGuardia or simply LGA – is a civil airport in East Elmhurst, Queens, New York City, situated on the northwestern shore of Long Island, bordering Flushing Bay. Covering , the facility was established in 1929 and began operating as a public airport in 1939. It is named after Fiorello H. La Guardia, a former mayor of New York City.
Automobile transportation.
New York Thruway.
The largest single artery in the State of New York is the New York State Thruway, which is more than 400 miles from The Bronx to Buffalo. It follows the Hudson River between New York City and Albany with an Interstate 87 designation and the Erie Canal between Albany and the Pennsylvania border with an Interstate 90 designation.
Parkways.
New York is home to many parkways built by Robert Moses. Among his projects are the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway, the Staten Island Expressway, the Cross-Bronx Expressway, the Belt Parkway, the Laurelton Parkway, and many more.
Other parkways include the Cross County Parkway and Saw Mill River Parkway in Westchester, the Taconic State Parkway, the Palisades Interstate Parkway, the Northern State Parkway and the Southern State Parkway (the latter two both in Long Island).
Tunnels.
Most tunnels in the state of New York are within New York City.
Interstates.
North-South Interstates.
The principal north–south highways are as follows:
Interstate 81 has two auxiliary routes, Interstate 481 and Interstate 781.
Interstate 87 has three auxiliary routes: Interstate 287, Interstate 587, and Interstate 787.
Interstate 95 has three auxiliary routes: Interstate 295, Interstate 495, and Interstate 695.
East-West Interstates.
The principal east–west highways are as follows:
Interstate 78 has four auxiliary routes: Interstate 278, Interstate 478, Interstate 678, and Interstate 878. All were planned to connect to Interstate 78, but none of them currently do.
Interstate 84 has one auxiliary route, Interstate 684.
Interstate 86 and Interstate 88 have no auxiliary routes.
Interstate 90 has nine auxiliary routes: Interstate 190, Interstate 290, Interstate 390, Interstate 490, Interstate 590, Interstate 690, Interstate 790, Interstate 890, and Interstate 990.
Safety.
Between 2010 and 2014, NYS has between 1039 and 1202 yearly road traffic fatalities, that is between 8 and 8.3 fatalities by billion miles traveled.
Pedestrian fatalities are between yearly 263 and 336.
In the NY state, pedestrians are one out of 4 fatalities, each year. Those fatalities are due to unsafe actions both from motorists and from pedestrians.
NY state is one of the fives US states with the most pedestrian fatalities: 879 fatalities of which 294 (33%) occurred at intersections.
Bicycle.
New York has a system of numbered state bicycle routes.
Transportation in New York City.
New York City boasts one of the most extensive urban transportation systems in the world, including two distinct mass transit systems:
New York City's automobile network is also extensive. It includes many bridges and limited access highways built by Robert Moses, and is integrated with a street grid that dates to the early 19th century.
While extensive, much of New York City's infrastructure is aging and in need of capital investment. Despite the lack of expansion and investment during the past few decades, many infrastructure projects including the Second Avenue Subway, 7 Subway Extension, Fulton Center, and the East Side Access have already started construction during the 2000s.
Transportation on Long Island.
Every major form of transportation serves Long Island, including three major airports, railroads and subways, and several major highways. There are historic and modern bridges, recreational and commuter trails, and ferries as well.
The Long Island Expressway, Northern State Parkway, and Southern State Parkway, all products of the automobile-centered planning of Robert Moses, make east–west travel on the island straightforward, if not always quick. Indeed, locals refer to Long Island Expressway as "The World's Longest Parking Lot".
There are currently ten road crossings out of Long Island, all within New York City limits at the extreme western end of the island. Plans for a Long Island Sound link at various locations in Nassau and Suffolk Counties have been discussed for decades, but there are currently no firm plans to construct such a crossing.
The Long Island Rail Road is the busiest commuter railroad system in North America, carrying an average of 282,400 customers each weekday on 728 daily trains. Chartered on April 24, 1834, it is also the oldest railroad still operating under its original name.
Transportation in Buffalo.
Transportation in Buffalo is dominated by automobile use, but other modes of transportation exist in the city.
The Erie Canal made Buffalo a major port. Railroads including the New York Central confirmed its status.
Proposals.
Commuter rail.
See:
Proposed light rail systems.
New York presently only boasts the Buffalo Metro Rail, which is arguably a light rail system. Proposals include:

</doc>
<doc id="6955593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955593" title="Freedom of Information Act (US)">
Freedom of Information Act (US)



</doc>
<doc id="6955596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955596" title="Michael Ruhlman">
Michael Ruhlman

Michael Carl Ruhlman (born July 28, 1963) is an American author, home cook and entrepreneur.
He has written or co-authored more than two dozen books, including non-fiction, fiction, memoir, and books on cooking. He has co-authored many books with American chefs, such as Thomas Keller, Eric Ripert, Michael Symon and Jean-Georges Vongerichten.
Early life.
Michael Carl Ruhlman was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He attended University School, a private, independent all-boys' day school in Cleveland's suburbs, and completed his undergraduate education at Duke University.
Career.
Ruhlman worked a series of odd jobs (his first job after college was copy boy at "The New York Times") and traveled before returning to his hometown in 1991, to work for a local magazine.
While working at the magazine, Ruhlman wrote an article about his old high school and its new headmaster, which he expanded into his first book, "Boys Themselves: A Return to Single-Sex Education" (1996).
For his second book, "The Making of a Chef" (1997), Ruhlman enrolled in the Culinary Institute of America, taking a variety of classes but not graduating, to produce a first-person account—of the techniques, personalities, and mindsets—of culinary education at the prestigious chef's school. The success of this book produced two follow-ups, "The Soul of a Chef" (2000) and "The Reach of a Chef" (2006).
Ruhlman has also collaborated with chef Thomas Keller to produce the cookbooks "The French Laundry Cookbook" (1999), "Bouchon" (2004), "Under Pressure" (2008), and "Ad Hoc At Home" (2009), "Bouchon Bakery" (2012); with French chef Eric Ripert and Colombian artist Valentino Cortazar to produce the lavish coffee-table book "A Return to Cooking" (2002); and with Michigan chef Brian Polcyn to produce "Charcuterie: The Craft of Salting, Smoking and Curing" (2005) and "Salumi: The Craft of Italian Dry Curing" (2012). In 2009 Ruhlman also collaborated with fellow Clevelander and "Iron Chef" Michael Symon on Symon's first cookbook "Live to Cook".
Ruhlman is the winner of two James Beard Awards, the 1999 award for magazine feature writing and the 2012 general cooking award for his book "Ruhlman's Twenty", and has been nominated seven other times by the foundation.
2007, he produced "The Elements of Cooking" based on the structure of the classic grammar book "The Elements of Style". The book includes essays about the importance of fundamentals in cooking such as heat, salt and stock, along with a reference guide to cooking terms. Much of the insight in the book is based on his previous food-related experiences at the Culinary Institute of America and from working with celebrity chefs.
2009, he published "Ratio: The Simple Codes Behind the Craft of Everyday Cooking", a book that explores basic preparations—bread, pie dough, custards—and explains that knowing the proportions of the ingredients by weight can free users from strict adherence to recipes.
Ruhlman has eagerly embraced social and digital media in his mission to encourage more people to cook food for themselves and their friends and family, creating, with digital media expert Will Turnage, the Ratio App for smart phones, and Bread Baking Basics for the iPad and Kindle Fire.
In 2011, he published "Ruhlman's Twenty: 20 Techniques, 109 Recipes, a Cook's Manifesto", a book distilling cooking to its 20 basic techniques. Ruhlman's "Twenty: The Ideas and Techniques that Will Make You a Better Cook" won the 2012 James Beard Foundation Award in the general cooking category and the International Association of Culinary Professionals cookbook award in the Food and Beverage Reference/Technical category.
In the mid-2012, Ruhlman published "Salumi", a follow-up to Charcuterie about Italian dry-cured Italian meats, which he wrote with Brian Polcyn. The "Bouchon Bakery" cookbook, another collaboration with Thomas Keller and the TKRG team, was released in the fall of 2012. Ruhlman also released his first Kindle single book called "The Main Dish" which is about his long journey to become a food writer and then "The Book of Schmaltz: A Love Song to a Forgotten Fat" a single-subject cookbook devoted to the ingredient called schmaltz; rendered chicken fat flavored with onion which is popular in Jewish cuisine. "Schmaltz" was released as an app in December 2012 and was published as a hardcover book in August 2013.
Spring, 2014, Ruhlman published "Egg: A Culinary Exploration of the World’s Most Versatile Ingredient". In late 2014, he published "Ruhlman's How To Roast: Foolproof Techniques and Recipes for the Home Cook", the first in a series of short books devoted to cooking technique rather than recipes. The second, "How To Braise", was published in the spring of 2015. "How To Saute" was published in the spring of 2016.
In the fall of 2015, he published his first fiction, "In Short Measures: Three Novellas", stories about love in middle age and his first non-food-related work since his 2005 memoir.
May 2017 Ruhlman released his book "Grocery: The Buying and Selling of Food in America."
In October, he published "From Scratch: 10 Meals, 150 Recipes and Techniques You Will Use Over and Over", a book that looks at ten staple meals and explores all that can be learned from each.
In 2021, Michael Ruhlman collaborated with Gabriel Kreuther for "Gabriel Kreuther: The Spirit of Alsace, a Cookbook". The book is about the chef and his eponymous restaurant along with classics from Alsatian cuisine with a foreword by Jean-Georges Vongerichten.
Television.
Ruhlman has acted as a judge on the PBS reality show "Cooking Under Fire" and on "The Next Iron Chef".
Personal life.
Ruhlman married writer Ann Hood in 2017 in Abingdon Square Park in New York. He has two children from his previous marriage to photographer Donna Turner, with whom he collaborated on many publications. He currently splits his time between New York and Providence, RI.

</doc>
<doc id="6955606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955606" title="State Highway Route S49 (New Jersey)">
State Highway Route S49 (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6955607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955607" title="New Jersey State Highway Route S49">
New Jersey State Highway Route S49



</doc>
<doc id="6955608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955608" title="State Route S49 (New Jersey)">
State Route S49 (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6955611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955611" title="New Jersey Route S49">
New Jersey Route S49



</doc>
<doc id="6955614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955614" title="New Jersey State Route S49">
New Jersey State Route S49



</doc>
<doc id="6955618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955618" title="New Jersey State Highway S49">
New Jersey State Highway S49



</doc>
<doc id="6955623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955623" title="NJ S49">
NJ S49



</doc>
<doc id="6955628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955628" title="NJ-S49">
NJ-S49



</doc>
<doc id="6955659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955659" title="Chilean army">
Chilean army



</doc>
<doc id="6955663" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955663" title="FOX 10">
FOX 10



</doc>
<doc id="6955666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955666" title="Grand Bahama Sports Complex">
Grand Bahama Sports Complex

Grand Bahama Stadium is a stadium in the city of Freeport in the Bahamas. The stadium, mostly used for football and athletics.This is the principal stadium on the island of Grand Bahama.
Grand Bahama Stadium, in its normal configuration, has room for 3,100 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="6955678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955678" title="State Highway Route 51 (New Jersey)">
State Highway Route 51 (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6955679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955679" title="Azərbaycanlılar">
Azərbaycanlılar



</doc>
<doc id="6955681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955681" title="New Jersey State Highway Route 51">
New Jersey State Highway Route 51



</doc>
<doc id="6955682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955682" title="State Route 51 (New Jersey)">
State Route 51 (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6955684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955684" title="New Jersey State Route 51">
New Jersey State Route 51



</doc>
<doc id="6955686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955686" title="New Jersey State Highway 51">
New Jersey State Highway 51



</doc>
<doc id="6955692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955692" title="NJ 51">
NJ 51



</doc>
<doc id="6955693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955693" title="NJ-51">
NJ-51



</doc>
<doc id="6955700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955700" title="Le Volume Courbe">
Le Volume Courbe

Le Volume Courbe ("French for "The volume curve"") is a band by French-born, London-based singer/songwriter/producer, Charlotte Marionneau/Charlotte Courbe. "Le Volume Courbe" was a name of a sculpture by a friend of Marionneau's, Marcel Marionneau, a French sculptor living in the region of Vendée (France).
History.
In 2001, Le Volume Courbe released the "Harmony/Papillon De Nuit" 7" on Alan McGee’s Poptones record label. 
In 2005, Marionneau recorded her debut album "I Killed My Best Friend". The album was first released on Honest Jon's and was then picked up by Astralwerks in the U.S in 2006.
In 2007, Le Volume Courbe released "Freight Train/The House" 7", a collaboration with the band Primal Scream on the label Trouble Records. "Freight Train" was used on the soundtrack of the Channel 4 TV drama "Skins".
In 2008, Le Volume Courbe played a series of festivals and tour dates in Europe and the US, most notably, with the newly reformed My Bloody Valentine. The touring lineup included Marionneau on vocals, Theodore Hall on guitar, Mel Draisey on violin, glockenspiel and percussion, and Wild Cat on drums.
In 2011, Le Volume Courbe released a 10" EP titled "Theodaurus Rex". This was the first release on Pickpocket Records, the label founded by Kevin Shields and Charlotte Marionneau.
In 2013, Le Volume Courbe toured with My Bloody Valentine in the UK.
In 2015, Le Volume Courbe released the single "The House"/"Monte Dans Mon Ambulance", followed by the album "I Wish Dee Dee Ramone Was Here With Me", being released by Ring The Alarm in the US and by Marionneau and Kevin Shields' label Pickpocket Records in other territories. She also performed throughout UK and Europe as Le Volume Courbe vs Grimm Grimm. The project was formed to perform each other's songs.
In 2017, Marionneau contributed vocals to the Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds track “It's A Beautiful World”. She also performed in the Noel Gallagher videos "Holy Mountain" and "Beautiful World". In 2018 and 2019 she joined Noel Gallagher’ world tour and performed on the scissors during "She Taught Me How To Fly," and featured in “Black Star Dancing” and “This is the place” videos.
In 2019 her track “Born to lie” featured in Killing Eve (Serie 2 Episode 6) and also featured on the Killing Eve compilation.
In 2020 Spotify voted her track “Rusty” (co-written with Chris Mackin) from her second album one of the best tracks of the last decade and selected it for their 00 compilation.
She is currently working on her third album that will see the light in 2025.
Discography.
Albums.
Guest Vocals (Charlotte Marionneau)
In My Place (1997)
Simon Raymonde - Blame Someone Else - Bella Union
Dutch Housing (2002 )
Piano Magic - Writers Without Homes - 4AD
Dutch Housing (Sybarite Remix) (2002)
Piano Magic - Writers Remixed (12", EP) - 4AD
Mono Random (2003)
7-Hurtz* - Electroleum - Output Recordings
All The Things You Are (2010)
Television Personalities -
A Memory Is Better Than Nothing - Rocket Girl
Commiserations (2016)
Society (Virgin)
Who Built The Moon (2017)
Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds - 
It's A Beautiful World - Universal Music
Cliffhanger (2018)
Grimm Grimm - Si - Some Other Planet
Production and Vocals
Why You Have To Be Me (2003) 7" -
Whitey - PPQ
Films
Kicks - Lindy Heymann (2009): featured I Killed My Best Friend
The Kid - Nick Moran ( 2010): featured I love the Living You
Television
Skins, Season 4 /Episode 6 ( 2010): featured Freight Train
Killing Eve (TV series), Serie 2/Episode 6 (2019) : featured 
Born to Lie.
Compilations
Harmony (2001)
Various - Poptones Presents Radio 4 - Epic/Sony
Ain't Got...I Got Life (2006)
Various - From Colette With Love - Colette
Ain't Got No... I Got Life (2007)
Various - Reprises Inrocks - Les Inrockuptibles
Little Death (2008)
Various - Sound Postcards - The Bookmakers Ed.
Wooly Jumpers: (2011)
Various Artists - Wool Recordings
Colette Nuggets Volume 2 (2011)
Various - Colette - Colette
Born to lie - 2019
Killing Eve - Heavenly Records

</doc>
<doc id="6955702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955702" title="Melon Kinen-Bi">
Melon Kinen-Bi



</doc>
<doc id="6955714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955714" title="The Current (newspaper)">
The Current (newspaper)

The Current is the official student newspaper of the University of Missouri–St. Louis. "The Current" is a tabloid published weekly on Mondays. The paper has won numerous awards, including "Best in State" from the Missouri College Media Association. Its office is located on the first floor of the Millennium Student Center on the north campus.
History.
"The Current" was preceded by the monthly "Tiger Cub" from 1960–63 and the bi-weekly "Mizzou News" from 1963–66. The newspaper's name became "UMSL Current" in 1966; "UMSL" was later dropped from the name. The name change was intended to foster an identity independent from the University of Missouri in Columbia. The name "Current" refers to the river motif associated with the student body's choice of "Riverman" as the school mascot. UMSL has since changed its mascot to the Triton.
Organization.
 "The Current" operates as an independent student organization with its own constitution. Each year, the newspaper's staff votes for a new editor-in-chief. As of 2014, "The Current" is funded solely by advertising sales. The staff consists of students and a faculty advisor.

</doc>
<doc id="6955723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955723" title="2006 Colorado Referendum I">
2006 Colorado Referendum I

 
Colorado Referendum I was a proposed law that would have established domestic partnerships in the U.S. state of Colorado. The bill was passed by the Colorado General Assembly and was submitted to popular referendum during general elections on November 7, 2006.
The voters were presented with the following summary:
and the following detail:
The referendum specified that a partnership is not a marriage, which "consists of the union of one man and one woman."
In the general election, the proposal was defeated by a margin of 47% for, 53% against.

</doc>
<doc id="6955726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955726" title="United States Army Indian Scouts">
United States Army Indian Scouts

Native Americans have made up an integral part of U.S. military conflicts since America's beginning. Colonists recruited Indian allies during such instances as the Pequot War from 1634–1638, the Revolutionary War, as well as in War of 1812. Native Americans also fought on both sides during the American Civil War, as well as military missions abroad including the most notable, the Codetalkers who served in World War II. The Scouts were active in the American West in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Including those who accompanied General John J. Pershing in 1916 on his expedition to Mexico in pursuit of Pancho Villa. Indian Scouts were officially deactivated in 1947 when their last member retired from the Army at Fort Huachuca, Arizona. For many Indians it was an important form of interaction with European-American culture and their first major encounter with the Whites' way of thinking and doing things.
Recruitment and enlistment.
Recruitment of Indian scouts was first authorized on July 28, 1866 by an act of Congress.
""The President is authorized to enlist and employ in the Territories and Indian country a force of Indians not to exceed one thousand to act as scouts, who shall receive the pay and allowances of cavalry soldiers, and be discharged whenever the necessity for further employment is abated, at the discretion of the department commander"."
There were different types of scouts, some enlisted as Indian Scouts for brief terms and there were others who were hired as scouts by the U.S. Army. Some individual may have served at different times as a hired scout and an enlisted scout. Prior to the act in 1866 these scouts were considered employees rather than soldiers. Enlistment records and muster rolls, from 1866 to 1912 were in many instances filed by state, some records were broken down by company or military post providing information such as when, where, and by whom the scout was enlisted; period of enlistment; place of birth; age at time of enlistment; physical description; and possibly additional remarks such as discharge information, including date and place of discharge, rank at the time, and if the scout died in service. Indian scouts who were officially enlisted in the army after 1866 were issued old pattern uniforms from surplus stock legally exempt from sale. Their uniforms were worn with less regulation, sometimes mixed with their native dress. In 1870, Captain Bourke of the 3rd Cavalry described Apache scouts in Arizona as "almost naked, their only clothing being a muslin loin-cloth, a pair of point toed moccasins and a hat of hawk feather". In 1876 a description of Crow Scouts reads that they wore, "an old black army hat with top cut out and sides bound round with feathers, fur and scarlet cloth". With the availability of army clothing some Native scouts took advantage of the availability of the clothing. In 1902 when new regulations were introduced in March the U.S. Scouts received a new more regulated uniform.
In the Indian wars following the U.S. Civil War, the Indian Scouts were a fast-moving, aggressive, and knowledgeable asset to the U.S. Army. They often proved to be immune to army notions of discipline and demeanor, but they proved expert in traversing the vast distances of the American West and providing intelligence—and often a shock force—to the soldiers who sought hostile Indians. Pawnee Scout leader Luther H. North commented, "Neither the Wild Tribes, nor the Government Indian Scouts ever adopted any of the White soldier's tactics. They thought their own much better." Another chief of scouts, Stanton G. Fisher, emphasized the importance of Indian Scouts by saying of the soldiers, "Uncle Sam's boys are too slow for this business."
In 1892 1st Lieutenant Hugh L. Scott organized Troop L of the 7th Cavalry Regiment at Fort Sill, Oklahoma. All of its enlisted men in Troop L were Indian Scouts. The troop served until 1897 when the enlistments of the Scouts expired and it was disbanded. Scott would rise to the rank of major general and served as Chief of Staff of the United States Army from 1914 to 1917.
The last detachment of Indian Scouts served at Fort Huachuca, Arizona in 1942.
Tracking methods.
During the Indian wars, scouts were able to detect horse tracks where other soldiers could only detect hard ground. From these tracks, scouts could estimate the number of horses in a group. From the moisture content of horse dung, scouts could estimate the age of the trail. Scouts were also able to discern whether females rode with a group based on the position of a horse's urine within its tracks - women sometimes/often rode mares while men rode stallions.
Fears.
There existed doubts as to whether Indian Scouts would remain faithful or whether they would betray the White soldiers and turn against them in conflict. The Cibicue Apaches were among the first regular Army Scouts. They are also the only recorded 19th-century incident in which Indian scouts turned against the U.S. Army at Cibicue Creek in Arizona Territory. These Apache scouts were asked to campaign against their own kin, resulting in a mutiny against the army soldiers. Three of the scouts were court-martialed and executed.
Reduction of forces.
The end of hostilities on the frontier meant a reduction in the number of the Indian scouts needed. Army General Order No. 28 issued on March 9, 1891 reduced the number of scouts to 150, down from 275 authorized in 1889, distributed among the different departments. This brought the numbers down to; Department of Arizona, 50, Departments of the Dakota, Platte and Missouri, 25 each; Department of Texas, 15, and Departments of the Columbia, 10. Pension files provide information not only on Indian Scouts but also about his family and others with whom he may have served or who knew him or his wife. Indian Scouts and their widows became eligible for pensions with the passage of an act on March 4, 1917, relating to Indian wars from 1859 to 1891.
When the Army was reorganized by the Act of March 3, 1898, the authorized number of Indian Scouts was further reduced to 75. In the Report of the Secretary of War for Fiscal Year 1941, the number of Indian Scouts on active duty with the U.S. Army as of June 30, 1941 was seven. 
Notable figures and recognition.
Frontier Scouts included black, native and mixed blood individuals. Native involvement in military service came from different tribes and regions across the United States including Narragansett, Mohegan, Apache, Navajo and Alaska Natives (who would become involved in the 1940s).
One of the most notable U.S. Army Indian Scouts was Curley, a member of the Crow tribe who became a scout in April 1876 under Colonel John Gibbon. He then joined Lieutenant Colonel Custer. Curley is most often identified as the lone survivor of "Custer's Last Stand". He denied witnessing the battle. The Chicago Tribune published an article claiming that Curly had made statements to them about the battle. John F. Finerty claimed that "Curley said that Custer remained alive throughout the greater part of the engagement, animating his men to determined resistance, but about an hour before the close of the fight received a mortal wound."
The official website of the Navy lists the American Indian Medal of Honor recipients, including twelve from the 19th century. In the 20th century, five American Indians have been among those soldiers to be distinguished by receiving the United States' highest military honor: This honor is given for military heroism "above and beyond the call of duty", exhibiting extraordinary bravery, and for some, making the ultimate sacrifice for their country.
The role of Native American women in the U.S. Army is being slowly filled by the efforts of such groups as The Women In Military Service For America Memorial Foundation. It is known of individuals such as Tyonajanegen, an Oneida woman, Sacajawea, a Shoshone, and various female nurses have aided the military as far back as the American Revolution. Little information is currently listed on women's roles as scouts during the 19th century.
Sergeant I-See-O (born c. 1849) was a Kiowa who served as an Indian Scout from 1889 until his death in 1927. He served alongside future Army Chief of Staff Hugh L. Scott in the final campaigns of the Indian Wars. In 1915 Scott persuaded Congress to allow I-See-O to serve on active duty for life. I-See-O, who, according to Scott, "has simply been stunned by civilization", lived in a teepee in a remote part of Fort Sill, Oklahoma during his later days. He was a guest of President Calvin Coolidge at the White House in 1925.
Insignia.
In 1890 the Scouts were authorized to wear the branch of service insignia of crossed arrows. In 1942 the insignia was authorized to be worn by the 1st Special Service Force. As their traditions passed into the U.S. Army Special Forces, the crossed arrows became part of their insignia being authorized as branch of service insignia in 1984.
Medal of Honor.
The following 16 Indian Scouts received the Medal of Honor:

</doc>
<doc id="6955728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955728" title="Patnam Subramania Iyer">
Patnam Subramania Iyer

Patnam Subramania Iyer (1845 – July 31, 1902) was a composer and singer of Carnatic music. Subramaniya Iyer followed the traditions of the great composer Tyagaraja. He has left behind almost one hundred compositions.
Subramaniya Iyer was born in Thiruvaiyaru in Thanjavur district of present-day Tamil Nadu. His family had a long history of musical involvement – his father Bharatam Vaidyanatha Iyer was adept at both music and Sastra and his grandfather Panchanada Sastri was the court musician in the court of Serfoji Maharaja of Thanjavur. Subramaniya Iyer learned music from his uncle, Melattur Ganapati Sastri, and later under Manambuchavadi Venkatasubbayyar who was a disciple of Tyagaraja himself.
Subramaniya Iyer spent a long time in Chennapatnam (Chennai). This gave Subramaniya Iyer the prefix to his name. Many of his students such as Mysore Vasudevachar, Poochi Srinivasa Iyengar, Bhairavi Kempegowda and Tiger Varadachariar became famous composers and vocalists. His neighbour Maha Vaidyanatha Iyer was also a noted musician. 
Two of his famous compositions are "Raghu Vamsha Sudha" in raga Kathanakuthuhalam and "Evari Bodhanna" in raga Abhogi. He is known to have used his guru's mudra (signature) "Venkatesa" or variations of the same, in his compositions in Telugu and Sanskrit.
The reigning Maharaja of Mysore, Chamarajendra Wodeyar X, gave him a pair of golden bracelets on two occasions, after singing performances in court.

</doc>
<doc id="6955730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955730" title="Japanese 23rd Army">
Japanese 23rd Army



</doc>
<doc id="6955733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955733" title="Hepatogastric ligament">
Hepatogastric ligament

The hepatogastric ligament or gastrohepatic ligament connects the liver to the lesser curvature of the stomach. It contains the right and the left gastric arteries. In the abdominal cavity, it separates the greater and lesser sacs on the right. It is sometimes cut during surgery in order to access the lesser sac. The hepatogastric ligament consists of a dense cranial portion and the caudal portion termed the "pars flaccida".

</doc>
<doc id="6955748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955748" title="BASDAI">
BASDAI

The BASDAI or Bath Ankylosing Spondylitis Disease Activity Index is a validated diagnostic test which allows a physician, usually a rheumatologist, to determine the effectiveness of a current drug therapy, or the need to institute a new drug therapy for the treatment of ankylosing spondylitis (AS). The BASDAI is one of a group of classification criteria for spondyloarthropathies.
Bath Index measures.
The BASDAI consists of a 0–10 scale measuring discomfort, pain, and fatigue (0 being no problem and 10 being the worst problem) in response to six questions asked of the patient pertaining to the five major symptoms of AS:
To give each symptom equal weighting, the average of the two scores relating to morning stiffness is taken. The resulting 0 to 50 score is divided by 5 to give a final 0–10 BASDAI score. Scores of 4 or greater suggest suboptimal control of disease, and those patients are usually good candidates for a change in their medical therapy, may benefit by treatment with biologic therapies, or may be candidates for enrollment in clinical trials evaluating new drug therapies directed at treating the AS disease process.
History.
In 1994, a research team consisting of rheumatologists, physiotherapists, and others with a special interest in Ankylosing Spondylitis, developed the index in Bath, England (hence the reason for "Bath" in the name), describing a self-administered 6-question measurement tool that later become the gold standard for measuring and evaluating AS disease activity.
Validity and Reliability.
BASDAI is a quick and simple measure taking between 30 seconds and 2 minutes to complete. BASDAI demonstrates statistically significant (p&lt;0.001) reliability and incorporates a reasonable scale. The individual symptoms and the index as a whole demonstrated good score distribution, using 95% of the scale. BASDAI demonstrates a sensitivity to change within a short period of time. Following a 3-week physiotherapy course, the BASDAI showed a significant (p=0.009) 16.4% score improvement. Because the BASDAI reflects ongoing inflammatory disease, patients with advanced or "burned out" disease may score well on the test despite their advanced disease.
Related tests.
Other tests include the

</doc>
<doc id="6955755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955755" title="Whitey Miller">
Whitey Miller

Kenneth Albert "Whitey" Miller (May 2, 1915 – April 3, 1991) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher who appeared in four games, all in relief, for the New York Giants in 1944. The 29-year-old rookie stood and weighed .
Miller is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut on September 15, 1944, in a road game against the Philadelphia Blue Jays at Shibe Park. His last appearance was on September 29 in a home game against the St. Louis Cardinals at the Polo Grounds. Miller was very effective in his limited big league action. In a total of 5 innings pitched he gave up 5 baserunners and 2 runs, both unearned. His brief career ended with a 0–1 record, 3 games finished, and an ERA of 0.00.

</doc>
<doc id="6955756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955756" title="Dr. Stellar">
Dr. Stellar



</doc>
<doc id="6955758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955758" title="Ianywhere">
Ianywhere



</doc>
<doc id="6955788" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955788" title="Route 54">
Route 54



</doc>
<doc id="6955798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955798" title="List of highways numbered 54">
List of highways numbered 54

The following highways are numbered 54:

</doc>
<doc id="6955803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955803" title="Indian scout">
Indian scout

Indian scout or "Indian Scout" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6955808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955808" title="Multiple impact therapy">
Multiple impact therapy

Multiple impact therapy (MIT) is a group psychotherapy technique most often used with families in extreme crisis. It was one of the first group therapy programs developed in the United States. In multiple impact therapy (MIT), families are seen concurrently by a number of multi-disciplinary medical professionals. The duration of the therapy is short, typically ranging from one to two full treatment days. The focus of treatment is to find and evaluate structural patterns within the family, evaluate those patterns to see if they are the source of the problem, then modify the structure to alleviate the problem. It can also be used as a screening technique to discover whether individuals should be admitted for further treatment.
Origins.
MIT as a therapy technique was developed at the University of Texas Medical Branch in the 1950s. At the time, Texas had very few psychoanalysts and those that were available were unaffordable to most families. Because treatment was scarce, there were few specialized programs for adolescents, many were admitted as patients to psychiatric hospitals. Beginning in 1957, parents began bringing their troubled kids to the University of Texas Medical Branch for treatment.
Dr. Robert MacGregor, the lead researcher of group psychotherapy at the University of Texas Medical Branch, began developing MIT by interviewing entire families together in a single session. MacGregor and his team established their main goal as highlighting and emphasizing the parent's concern to the disturbed child. Between 1957 and 1958, the team saw 12 families as the procedures were being developed. The initial sessions showed that therapy with individual members, together with group sessions, produced the most effective results. The individual sessions gave members the opportunity to voice their personal resentments while the group sessions gave therapists the opportunity to repair poor communication between family members. The therapy's short, intensive time frame was originally due to life constraints involving time and travel; however, researchers kept the structure because the momentum created in the two day meetings reduced the overall number of sessions needed for the family to improve.
Outcomes.
Multiple Impact therapy aims to identify and modify patterns of behavior within a family structure, alter inappropriate roles of family members and improve communication between family members.
The use of an interdisciplinary team allows the parents, the child and the group as a whole to be seen from multiple viewpoints and through the lens of professionals with different experience and expertise. A typical interdisciplinary team as used in Macgregor's studies at the University of Texas consisted of a psychologist, an associate therapist, a social worker, a nurse, and a member of the family's community or inpatient clinic, however, other researchers have used up to 9 therapists in a single session. By including the community or inpatient staff member in MIT, trust and respect with the child's parents increases.
Fifty-five additional families were seen between 1958 and 1962 when MacGregor first published his findings on MIT. Within the fifty-five families, only seven were considered unsuccessful cases. Despite the apparent success of MIT, two major drawbacks, the relative efficiency of the program and conflict between the interdisciplinary team, were noted.
Procedure.
MIT may be prescribed to families as a treatment option for a number of reasons: when conventional therapy fails to show results, as an alternative to hospitalization, as a final course of action before hospitalization, or for families who were already in group therapy but were seeing few results.
Treatment occurs in approximately seven steps over a two-day period. It begins with a planning and briefing session to inform participants and gain an understanding of the family situation. Parents and children are separated, with therapists meeting parents to investigate the source of the child's delinquency and an interview with the child to match family patterns with a child's behavior. A multiple therapist session is then held, with therapists meeting with any member or any number of members together as they see fit. Family members then reconvene to share their progress and improved attitudes towards one another.
On the second day, families forge ahead with the positive attitude fostered during the first day. Day one often illuminates many of the breakdowns the family has experienced while day two focuses on retention of improved attitudes and application to the family's unique situation. On day two, logistical considerations are often discussed such as: should the child remain hospitalized, continue schooling, or consider a different method of treatment. A two-month and six month follow up appointment is typically scheduled.

</doc>
<doc id="6955819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955819" title="Indian scouts">
Indian scouts



</doc>
<doc id="6955824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955824" title="Coerced abstinence">
Coerced abstinence

Coerced abstinence is a drug rehabilitation strategy which uses frequent monitoring and immediate punishment to reduce drug use among participants. This strategy can dramatically reduce recidivism rates among chronic drug users, especially those on probation and parole. Most probation agreements mandate drug treatment, but a coerced abstinence program mandates only abstinence which is enforced through regular, predictable drug testing. Under this system, failed tests swiftly result in a brief period of incarceration - usually for a few days. This policy option is advocated by a crime policy expert Mark A. R. Kleiman.
Theory.
Currently, most drug courts require defendants to attend drug treatment and to return to court periodically and report progress to a judge. The extent of progress influences later sentencing. These programs are often not available to serious offenders. Drug court programs place as much emphasis on program attendance as they do on abstinence. Because these programs have limited resources and the focus is treatment rather than abstinence, many in treatment can merely estimate the likelihood of being tested and then choose to take the risk of continued use. Although the penalty for getting caught is quite high, the chances of being tested are usually quite low.
Behavior in the face of risks tends to follow what is known in psychology as prospect theory; People tend to be more averse to harms which are certain than more severe harms which are merely probable. According to Prospect Theory, coerced abstinence is effective at getting people off drugs because the frequency and certainty of a sentence is a much more significant deterrent than severity of the sentence. In other words, if virtually every time probationers fail a drug test, they go immediately to jail (even for just a few days) probationers will use less drugs than if they are only occasionally caught even if the penalty is significantly higher.
One problem with implementing a coerced abstinence program is that initially the scope of the program must be sufficiently small to track down those who do not show up for tests. Probation officers are already overworked and police do not make warrant service a high priority. Designing a good program is quite difficult since sanctions must be swift and sure. Another problem with coerced abstinence is the political feasibility. Because the program ascribes neither to the disease model of addiction (which requires drug treatment) nor to a morality-based model (which mandates long and hard sentencing), it may simply be too ideologically neutral to be a successful part of a political platform.
Programs using coerced abstinence.
The Hawaii State Judiciary has implemented a probation program which relies on the theory of coerced abstinence called H.O.P.E. (Hawaii's Opportunity Probation with Enforcement). The program has achieved promising results among paroles with a history of methamphetamine use and inspired other pilot programs in the United States. Evaluations of H.O.P.E. indicate that participants spend on average 130 fewer days in prison than participants in traditional community supervision programs.

</doc>
<doc id="6955830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955830" title="Route 55">
Route 55



</doc>
<doc id="6955838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955838" title="List of highways numbered 55">
List of highways numbered 55

The following highways are numbered 55:

</doc>
<doc id="6955846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955846" title="Levi Clark Booles">
Levi Clark Booles



</doc>
<doc id="6955856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955856" title="Route 56">
Route 56



</doc>
<doc id="6955863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955863" title="Electrical lengthing">
Electrical lengthing



</doc>
<doc id="6955874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955874" title="Deputy magistrate">
Deputy magistrate



</doc>
<doc id="6955877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955877" title="Deputy Magistrate">
Deputy Magistrate



</doc>
<doc id="6955882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955882" title="Neumann-Morgenstern utility">
Neumann-Morgenstern utility



</doc>
<doc id="6955884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955884" title="Tomato fight">
Tomato fight



</doc>
<doc id="6955894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955894" title="Kids Inc.">
Kids Inc.



</doc>
<doc id="6955905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955905" title="Kids Inc">
Kids Inc



</doc>
<doc id="6955906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955906" title="New York Reference Route">
New York Reference Route



</doc>
<doc id="6955931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955931" title="BlackBerry Internet Service">
BlackBerry Internet Service



</doc>
<doc id="6955933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955933" title="The Evolution">
The Evolution

The Evolution may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6955937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955937" title="Liocichla">
Liocichla

The liocichlas are a group of birds in the genus of the same name, Liocichla, from the family Leiothrichidae. They are found in Asia from India to China. They belong to a clade also containing at least the "Leiothrix", the barwings, the minlas and the sibias. Among these, they are an early offshoot, or basal lineage.
Taxonomy.
Speciation in the group is thought to have begun with the ancestral species originating somewhere in southern China, making "L. steerii" the basal species. The lineage consisting of "L. ripponi" and "L. phoenicea" are thought to have had a split in the Pleistocene (0.07–1.88 Ma) with a similar split of the other lineage leading to "L. bugunorum" and "L. omeiensis" separated by the Hengduan mountains.
Species.
The genus contains five species:

</doc>
<doc id="6955940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955940" title="German Barotseland">
German Barotseland



</doc>
<doc id="6955945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955945" title="Bethel High School (Connecticut)">
Bethel High School (Connecticut)

Bethel High School is a public secondary school located in the town of Bethel, Connecticut, approximately north of New York City. Founded in 1939, its previous location was the Municipal Center until it was moved to its current location at 300 Whittlesey Drive. The school is located in an educational park along with the elementary and middle schools of the town.
Eleanor Roosevelt spoke at the graduation of the Class of 1954. Since speaking to the graduating class of only 52 graduates, Bethel High School has expanded to as of the year 2019, an enrollment of 904.
Bethel High School offers a honors and Advanced Placement (AP) Classes such as AP Calculus. It has an AP enrollment rate of 52% and a graduation rate of 96%.
Extracurricular activities.
Athletics.
Fall:
Football
Volleyball
Field hockey
Cross Country
Soccer
Golf
Girls Swimming
Winter:
Track and Field
Wrestling
Basketball
Boys Swimming
Spring:
Tennis
Softball
Track
Baseball
Lacrosse

</doc>
<doc id="6955948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955948" title="German Zambeziland">
German Zambeziland



</doc>
<doc id="6955970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955970" title="Sword's Song">
Sword's Song

Sword's Song is the second studio album released by the Finnish heavy metal band Battlelore, released in 2003. As with all of the band's other albums, the lyrics are based on J.R.R. Tolkien's Middle-earth sagas. "Sword's Song"'s music and lyrics are essentially similar to those of their debut album, but in the opinion of most reviewers and fans showed an improvement in both strength of the material and quality of the performances.
The album was the last to feature original vocalist Patrik Mennander and bass player Miika Kokkola and, as a result, following releases saw a noticeable change in the sound of Battlelore.
Track listing.
All music by Battlelore, all lyrics by Jyri Vahvanen.

</doc>
<doc id="6955972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955972" title="Cre-Lox Recombination">
Cre-Lox Recombination



</doc>
<doc id="6955981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955981" title="Route 57">
Route 57



</doc>
<doc id="6955984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955984" title="Pawan Hans">
Pawan Hans

Pawan Hans Limited (PHL) is a transport service operated as a central public sector undertaking based at Noida in Delhi NCR, India. It is a Mini Ratna-I category PSU under the ownership of Ministry of Civil Aviation of the Government of India. It has cumulatively flown more than 1 million hours and has had 2.5 million landings on its fleet since its formation. The registered office is located in New Delhi. The corporate headquarter is located at Sector-1 in Noida with regional office at New Delhi, Mumbai and Guwahati. The operations are based at the Juhu Aerodrome in Vile Parle (West), Mumbai.
It is the country's one and only government-owned-helicopter service provider with the objective of providing helicopter support services to the oil sector for its off-shore exploration operations, services in remote areas and charter services for promotion of tourism.
History.
Pawan Hans Limited (PHL) was incorporated on 15 October 1985 as the Helicopter Corporation of India (HCI). It commenced its operations on 1 November 1985 with 2 British Westland helicopters and later acquired 21 more helicopters. Union government had 78.5% ownership and 21.5% with ONGC. The name was changed to Pawan Hans Ltd in August 1986.
In 1986/87, PHL started operating in Andaman and Nicobar islands and Lakshadweep islands.
During 1987, the technical and structural problem, which plagued the PHL from the beginning, started increasing and some 9 Westland and 7 Dauphins were grounded. Indian Air Force gave a loan of helicopters to Phl.
In 1988/89, multiple crashes got PHL into serious troubles and forced PHL to withdraw all helicopter services except ONGC. However PHL still managed to deliver 3 Helicopter Mail Service though in late 1988 HMS was also withdrawn.
In 1997, Pawan Hans Helicopter Ltd and Pawan Hans Pilots' Guild reached a settlement over several worker conditions.
In 2001, A.P.J. Kalam who at that time was Principal Scientific Adviser to the Government of India barely escaped when the rotor of a helicopter carrying him broke down, bringing down the chopper belonging to PHL.
In July 2002, PHL was awarded Quality Summit International Award in the Gold Category in New York for its excellence, quality and corporate achievement by Business Initiative Directions (BID), Spain.
On 16 May 2003, PHL started its Kedarnath operations with five-seater Bell-407 helicopter.
On 26 August 2004, PHL signed a MOU with Uttaranchal government's Garhwal Mandal Vikas Nigam Ltd to promote tourism in state.
In 2007, PHL started a 10 person project to upgrade skills of their aeronautical engineer so to make them pilots as to fight shortage of pilots.
On 15 Feb 2008, PHL and Indian Air Force signed Memorandum of Understanding. The MOU enabled IAF helicopter pilots which were nearing the retirement age to be inducted into PHL.
In 2008, PHI gave Dauphin N-3 helicopters to state anti-naxal operation cell as to counter Maoist insurgency in Vidarbha District.
In 2010, ONGC has upped its stake to 49%, a move that will saw the equity base of PHL being enhanced to 245 crores from the existing 113 crores.
On 27 December 2010, seaplane services were operationalized in Andaman and Nicobar Islands as per MOU signed between Andaman and Nicobar Administration and PHL. The service began with an eight-seater Cessna 208A Amphibian seaplane named Jal Hans will be used by PHHL to ferry tourists between Port Blair and Havelock Island in the presence of Civil Aviation Minister Praful Patel. This was the first introduction of seaplanes in India.
On 29 April 2011, a Pawan Hans AS350 B-3 helicopter carrying Dorjee Khandu, the Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh, and four other people went missing. It was traced four days later near Lobthang. All 5 people were found dead. After this incident Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh suspended PHI services.
As of January 2017, the partially government owned helicopter service provider had a net worth of 3,701.5 crores and paid-up equity share capital was 245.61 crores. Pawan Hans is an "Approved Maintenance Centre of Eurocopter" and also the first ISO 9001: 2000 certified aviation company in India. On 12 January 2017, the Government of India approved the privatization of Pawan Hans.
In July 2020, first helicopter service by PHL in Uttarakhand started operating under UDAN-RCS scheme.
On 3 July 2023, the department of investment and public asset management (DIPAM) scrapped the strategic disinvestment after it disqualified the successful bidder Star 9 Mobility Pvt Ltd, a consortium of three companies Maharaja Aviation Pvt, Big Charter Pvt, led by Almas Global Opportunity Fund. The consortium had placed a winning bid of ₹211.14 crore in 2021.
Services.
PHL provides helicopter services to Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) to its off-shore locations as well as NTPC, GAIL, GSPC and Oil India. This government-owned-helicopter service provider is often engaged in providing services to various state governments in India, particularly in North-east India, namely Meghalaya, Mizoram, Maharashtra, Tripura, Odisha, Himachal Pradesh. PHL also gives services to Ministry of Home Affairs. It provides 4 Dauphin helicopters to Andaman and Nicobar Islands for inter-island transportation, and provides 2 Dauphin helicopters to Lakshadweep Administration for ferrying people from Islands to Cochin International Airport and for evacuation of patients to Kavaratti/Aggati and mainland. These helicopters are considered as the backbone of Lakshadweep and Minicoy Islands.
PHL runs helicopter services from Phata to the Kedarnath Temple during yatra seasons i.e., May-June and September-October every year. And also provides service for Amarnath Temple from Rudraprayag. It also runs Vaishno Devi helicopter service.
PHL has emerged as Asia's one of the largest helicopter operators with a own operational fleet of 43 helicopters. 
Pawan Hans offers helicopter services for:
Destinations.
Pawan Hans flies to various points in the states of Arunachal Pradesh, Chandigarh (U.T.) Tripura, Sikkim, Nagaland, Odisha, West Bengal, and also to MHA Guwahati in Assam. While Meghalaya state is suspended, it resumed its service on 26 July 2012. Mukul Sangma, the chief minister of Meghalaya, took a personal ride in the helicopter to check if it is resumable or not.
Uttrakhand
Fleet.
The Pawan Hans fleet of 42 helicopters as of April 2021 which includes:
It also operates &amp; maintains HAL Dhruv helicopters belonging to Hindustan Aeronautics
Rohini Heliport owned by PHL, located north west of New Delhi, is first of its kind in country.
Jal Hans.
Pawan Hans jointly owns Jal Hans, India's first amphibious aircraft service with the Andaman and Nicobar Islands Administration.
Accidents and incidents.
In 2011, PHHLs operations in the North Eastern States of India came under serious public criticism due to safety issues. After the crash that killed the Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh Dorjee Khandu and five others, it operations in the North East region were suspended and DGCA was asked to conduct safety audit of the company. The operations were resumed in January 2013. But yet another accident took place on 4 August 2015 killing 3 people on board, including an IAS officer.

</doc>
<doc id="6955997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6955997" title="Ella (Malaysian singer)">
Ella (Malaysian singer)

Nor Zila binti Aminuddin (Jawi: نور زيلا بنت أمين الدين ; IPA: ; born 31 July 1966), known by her stage name Ella, is a Malaysian musician, singer, actress, model, and entrepreneur. She began her career in 1983 at the age of 19 with a local band called Moonracker. She left the band after two years and continued her career by singing at local nightclubs. During that time, a local band called "The Boys" approached Ella, and they later became "Ella &amp; The Boys".
Biography.
She attended Tengku Ampuan Rahimah High School in the Klang Valley. She started her career as a singer at local nightclubs and lounges. While singing in one of those clubs, Ella was approached by a band called The Boys"," which she later merged with to create . On June 10, 2012, Ella and her protégé, Puteri Caroline Kamel, won TV3's "Mentor" "Season 6" talent search. On July 7, 2012, Ella married Azhar Ghazali, a pilot 15 years her junior.

</doc>
<doc id="6956001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956001" title="Sp1 (biology)">
Sp1 (biology)



</doc>
<doc id="6956027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956027" title="General Anatol Gogol">
General Anatol Gogol



</doc>
<doc id="6956046" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956046" title="Walvis Bay protectorate">
Walvis Bay protectorate



</doc>
<doc id="6956052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956052" title="Legion of Doom (disambiguation)">
Legion of Doom (disambiguation)

The Legion of Doom is a group of DC Comics supervillains
Legion of Doom may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6956061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956061" title="Walvisch Baye">
Walvisch Baye



</doc>
<doc id="6956065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956065" title="Sullivan's Gulch, Portland, Oregon">
Sullivan's Gulch, Portland, Oregon

Sullivan's Gulch is a neighborhood (north of the gulch of the same name) in the Northeast section of Portland, Oregon. The name commemorates Timothy Sullivan, an early farmer in the area. Sullivan settled his donation land claim on January 27, 1851. He was born in Ireland in 1805, received citizenship in the United States in 1855, and most likely received title to the claim around 1863.
The compact, densely populated neighborhood borders the Lloyd District (with which it overlaps somewhat) on the west, Irvington and Grant Park on the north, and Kerns on the south.
The gulch extends east from the Willamette River and originally was a forested riparian area featuring a spring-fed pool and waterfalls. During the Great Depression it was home to a "Hooverville" shanty town. Presently the gulch is a major urban transportation corridor, used by the MAX Light Rail system and a Union Pacific rail line, as well as Interstate 84, the Banfield Freeway. A trail north of the Union Pacific tracks (the Sullivan's Gulch Trail) is in planning, but has been held up by its estimated price of $36 million plus land acquisition costs. The first railroad tracks were laid in the gulch in 1882, by the Oregon Railway &amp; Navigation Company, later taken over by Union Pacific, which continues to own the line in the 2020s. The Union Pacific tracks, now used only by freight trains, were also used by passenger trains during 1882–1971 and 1977–1997, lastly by the Amtrak "Pioneer" until its discontinuation in 1997.
Geology.
The gulch itself was formed between 15,000 and 13,000 years ago at the end of the last ice age when the ice dam containing Glacial Lake Missoula thawed some 40 times, causing some of the largest floods known on earth. The flood waters spilled across Idaho and eastern Washington, surged down the Columbia River and through the Gorge, flooding the Willamette Valley as far south as Eugene. This flood covered Portland with approximately of water, laying down large amounts of silt and gravel, creating the Alameda Ridge, as well as carving out Sullivan's Gulch.

</doc>
<doc id="6956067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956067" title="Modena (disambiguation)">
Modena (disambiguation)

Modena is a city in northern Italy.
Modena may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6956068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956068" title="Grand Cities Mall">
Grand Cities Mall

The Grand Cities Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located on South Washington Street in Grand Forks, North Dakota. With its construction in 1964, it was the first enclosed shopping mall built in North Dakota. The mall covers . Notable junior anchor tenants include Family Dollar, Ace Hardware, Poppler's Music, Hope Evangelical Covenant Church, and Thrive Community Church. The mall also houses numerous small and local businesses.
History.
The project was initiated by the South Forks Land Corporation in 1963. The architect was DeRemer, Harrie &amp; Kennedy of Grand Forks, successor to the office of Joseph Bell DeRemer.
The Grand Cities Mall, originally called South Forks Plaza, was built in several stages. One of the original anchors, Kmart, first opened February 26, 1964, before the rest of the mall, which continued to be built over the summer. Sears opened its location in the mall on October 8, 1964.
The mall was the first enclosed mall in the city of Grand Forks. However, until 1973, the mall's two wings were not accessible to each other from inside. Sears and many of the stores occupied one wing, with Kmart and the remainder of the stores in the other. In November 1973 a connecting portion of the mall was completed, allowing access between the wings. A further addition was added on the west side in 1977.
The property was acquired by J. Herzog &amp; Sons, Inc. in 1998. The old "South Forks Plaza" name was subsequently dropped and some renovations took place. That same year, J. Herzog and Sons sold a portion of the Mall, The Pavilion, to Hope Evangelical Covenant Church.
In 2000, Sears left the mall and moved to Columbia Mall. The empty Sears space was divided up into several smaller stores including a Zimmerman's furniture store and a Family Dollar. In 2005, Burggraf's Ace Hardware opened a store on the east side of the mall.
On April 1, 2015, the entire mall was purchased by Hope Evangelical Covenant Church. A separate company, Land of Hope, LLC, was created to run the mall's daily operations.
On December 28, 2018, Sears Holdings announced that Kmart would be closing as part of a plan to close 80 stores nationwide. The store closed in March 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="6956070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956070" title="List of highways numbered 57">
List of highways numbered 57

The following highways are numbered 57:

</doc>
<doc id="6956075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956075" title="South Forks Plaza">
South Forks Plaza



</doc>
<doc id="6956091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956091" title="Rest Inside The Flames">
Rest Inside The Flames



</doc>
<doc id="6956100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956100" title="Chief Rabbinate of Israel">
Chief Rabbinate of Israel

The Chief Rabbinate of Israel (, "Ha-Rabbanut Ha-Rashit Li-Yisra'el") is recognized by law as the supreme rabbinic authority for Judaism in Israel. It was established in 1921 under the British Mandate, and today operates on the basis of the Chief Rabbinate of Israel Law, 1980. The Chief Rabbinate Council assists the two Chief Rabbis, who alternate in its presidency. It has legal and administrative authority to organize religious arrangements for Israeli Jews. It also responds to "halakhic" questions submitted by Jewish public bodies in the Diaspora. The Council sets, guides, and supervises agencies within its authority.
The Chief Rabbinate of Israel consists of two Chief Rabbis: an Ashkenazi rabbi and a Sephardi rabbi; the latter also is known as the "Rishon leZion". The Chief Rabbis are elected for 10-year terms. The present Sephardi Chief Rabbi is David Yosef, and the Ashkenazi Chief Rabbi is Kalman Ber, both of whom began their terms in 2024.
The Rabbinate has jurisdiction over many aspects of Jewish life in Israel. Its jurisdiction includes personal status issues, such as Jewish marriages and Jewish divorce, as well as Jewish burials, conversion to Judaism, kosher laws and kosher certification, Jewish immigrants to Israel ("olim"), supervision of Jewish holy sites, working with various ritual baths ("mikvaot") and yeshivas, and overseeing Rabbinical courts in Israel.
The Rabbinical courts are part of Israel's judicial system and are managed by the Ministry of Religious Services. The courts have exclusive jurisdiction over the marriage and divorce of Jews and have parallel competence with district courts in matters of personal status, alimony, child support, custody, and inheritance. Religious court verdicts are implemented and enforced—as for the civil court system—by the police, bailiff's office, and other agencies.
In 2024, the High Court of Justice ruled that women are eligible to serve on the Chief Rabbinate Council and as rabbis on the Chief Rabbi Election Assembly.
The Chief Rabbinate headquarters are at the Beit Yahav building, 80 Yirmiyahu Street, Jerusalem. The former seat of the institution, the Heichal Shlomo building, has been mainly a museum since 1992.
History.
All religious and personal status matters in Israel are determined by the religious authorities of the recognised confessional communities to which a person belongs. There are Jewish, Muslim, and Druze communities, and ten officially recognised Christian communities. This organisation is based on the Millet system employed in the Ottoman Empire.
At the beginning of the 17th century, the title of Rishon LeZion was given to the Chief Rabbi of Jerusalem. In 1842, the position of "Hakham Bashi", Chief Rabbi of Constantinople who represented the Turkish Jews before the Sultan, and the position of Rishon LeZion, which at that time already represented the Old Yishuv before the Sultan, were combined into one position, called Rishon LeZion.
On February 24, 1921, a Rabbinical Assembly met in Jerusalem with the approval of the British mandatory authorities. The Assembly elected a Rabbinical Council for Palestine, consisting of Abraham Isaac Kook as Ashkenazi Chief Rabbi, Jacob Meir as Sephardi Chief Rabbi, and other rabbinical and lay councillors. The Government announced that only the Council and any Beth din sanctioned by it would be recognised as authorities on Jewish Law. The authority of the Ottoman Hakham Bashi would no longer be recognised in Palestine. The legal status of the Rabbinical Council and its Chief Rabbis was further refined in December 1927.
In 1947, David Ben-Gurion and the Orthodox-religious parties reached an agreement, which included an understanding that matters of personal status in Israel would continue to be determined by the existing religious authorities. This arrangement has been termed the status quo agreement, and has been maintained despite numerous changes of government since.
Under the arrangement, the Mandate period confessional system would continue, with membership in the Jewish community being on the basis of membership of a body called "Knesset Israel", which was a voluntary organization open to Jews. There does not seem to have been any dispute at the time of who was a Jew. Jews could choose not to register with "Knesset Israel". Members of Agudath Israel, for example, chose not to register.
In 1953, rabbinical courts were established, with jurisdiction over matters of marriage and divorces of all Jews in Israel, nationals and residents (section 1). It was also provided that marriages and divorces of Jews in Israel would be conducted according to the law of the Torah (section 2).
Since 1953, the rabbinate has only approved religious marriages in Israel conducted in accordance with the Orthodox interpretation of "halakha". The only exception to these arrangements was that marriages entered into abroad would be recognised in Israel as valid.
Conversions.
The State of Israel recognises the Chief Rabbinate as the sole authority to perform conversions to Judaism in Israel. In the past, conversion was often done sensitively and with an appreciation for "halakhic" traditions—for example, during the tenure Ben-Zion Meir Hai Uziel, who was very encouraging of converts. In recent generations, the authorities' criteria for undergoing the process have become more stringent—to the extent that the Rabbinate takes actions that are unprecedented in Jewish history (e.g., cancelling conversions). Some rabbis claim this centralisation is a threat to the future of the Jewish people.
Significant controversy has shrouded the relationship between the Chief Rabbis and the conversion process. In the summer of 2017, it was revealed that the Chief Rabbinate held a list of "batei din" whose conversions it would recognise and another, secreted list of rabbis and "batei din" whose conversions it would not recognise. 
The list generated controversy due to the inclusion of several respected Orthodox rabbis, such as Avi Weiss and Yehoshua Fass, along with non-Orthodox rabbis and "batei din". The list included Conservative and Reform conversion programs, which the Chief Rabbis do not accept on ideological grounds. However, many other programs were seemingly omitted from the list. The list was kept secret, providing no chance for external review or appeal, which resulted in discord.
The blacklist did not affect the ability to make aliyah—immigration is controlled by the Law of Return rather than the Rabbinate—but did impact individuals’ access to recognized marriage in Israel. The situation became more problematic when it was revealed that Haskel Lookstein, an Orthodox rabbi in the United States, was included on the blacklist, preventing some of his students from marrying in Israel. Lookstein officiated Ivanka Trump’s conversion, causing tension between Israel and the United States shortly after her father was elected president. Soon after that, the rules were amended so that Trump's conversion was accepted. Still, there were questions about whether the changes were made only to curry favour with the Trump administration.
The conversion process became a topic of political discussion when ultra-Orthodox allies of the Chief Rabbis in the Knesset sought to pass a law designating the Chief Rabbinate as the sole government-recognized authority for performing conversions in Israel.
The control the Rabbinate attempted to exert extended into the Diaspora when it sought to create universal standards for conversion for all Jewish communities outside of Israel in 2016.
The Chief Rabbis have faced pushback against their stance in Israel through the rabbis of Tzohar, who have created an independent path to conversion and are trying to alleviate some of the "horror stories" that come from the Rabbinate. Tzohar had claimed to have performed over 500 conversions of children by 2018, and were seeking to simplify the process for surrogates to convert. The Supreme Court of Israel has since demanded that their conversions be accepted, but there were efforts to legislate an override the High Court's decision in 2017.
Other efforts within the Orthodox world exist to conduct conversions outside the Rabbinate. These include efforts by Haim Amsalem and Chuck Davidson, who want to return to the traditions of the earlier Chief Rabbis such as Ben-Zion Meir Hai Uziel with a more lenient approach in keeping with the "Halakha". Part of their desire is to address the over 300,000 Israelis from the former Soviet Union who the Rabbinate does not recognize as Jewish, as well as the growing issue of assimilation and intermarriage outside of Israel.
The conversion debate as of 2018 surrounds the Orthodox stream. There is pressure from within the Reform and Conservative communities to have their conversions recognized.
In March 2019, it was confirmed that the Chief Rabbinate was using genealogical DNA testing to determine Jewish status. A group of religious Zionist and Modern Orthodox organizations was outraged, as this was contrary to Jewish law. Rabbi Aaron Leibowitz, the CEO of Chuppot and Hashgacha Pratit, called the Chief Rabbinate "racist".
Marriages.
While the State of Israel recognizes any marriage performed legally in another country, for marriages performed within Israel, only religious marriage is recognized as legal; as such, the Chief Rabbinate is granted control over all Jewish marriages. They also have the right to refuse someone the status of Jew, thus making it impossible for them to get legally married in Israel. The Rabbinate and their local religious councils are the only ones able to register rabbis to perform weddings, thus creating a monopoly for themselves.
The Rabbinate control also means that there are 400,000 immigrants from the former USSR who have moved to Israel, many of whom are Jewish, who are not permitted to marry in Israel and must travel overseas for a legally-recognized marriage.
However, Israel does have a legal framework for civil unions, which has the same legal standing as marriage; therefore, someone who does marry outside of the Rabbinate can have their union recognized by the state. This same mechanism has been used for same-sex unions, even though there is no legal same-sex marriage in Israel.
Because of Israeli law, the rabbi that performs a marriage outside of the Rabbinate can be charged with a criminal offense and be jailed for up to two years. In spite of this, there are a number of people and organizations that perform marriages outside of the rabbinate framework. Chuck Davidson has openly challenged the state to jail him for his performing of marriages. He has personally performed hundreds of marriages outside of the rabbinate, while those in his network have performed many more. He works with Hashgacha Pratit, another organization which challenges the monopoly of the Rabbinate on kashrut and weddings.
Seth Farber has set up an organization, Itim. While Itim still works from within the Rabbinate, and, therefore, is beholden to their rules, it tries to find a gentler path for the many secular people who want to use their services. Another group involved in marriage within the Rabbinate is the Tzohar network.
Since the Rabbinate is affiliated with Orthodoxy, no Reform or Conservative rabbi may legally officiate at a wedding in Israel. Conservative rabbi Dov Haiyun was detained in July 2018 for performing an unsanctioned wedding, leading to protests and condemnation from opposition lawmakers and mainstream Jewish organizations in the United States.
Semikhah.
The Chief Rabbinate confers "semikhah" (i.e., Rabbinic ordination) once the candidate has passed a series of six written tests on specified subjects 
 (mandatory are Shabbat, Kashrut, and Family purity). The title conferred is the standard "Yoreh Yoreh", with certificants also referred to as "Rav Shechuna" ("Rabbi of the Neighborhood", ). Additional "semachot"—with similar testing requirements—are granted for:
"Rav Ir" and "Dayanut" are advanced qualifications offered only post-"Yoreh Yoreh".
Ordination by the Chief Rabbinate is not exclusive in Israel, as many other rabbis and organizations offer programs, including that of Rabbi Zalman Nechemia Goldberg. However, to be employed as a rabbi by the State, only "semikhah" from the Chief Rabbinate is accepted.
Criticism and support.
With the Rabbinate existing as a government department, there have been calls for the entire department to be shut down, and for a return to a localised model of rabbinate. These calls have increased in recent times because of two former Chief Rabbis being convicted of fraud. There are also charges that the office has become a political, rather than a religious, office, and that it has become beholden to the Haredi world and become their "puppets".
Their control of marriages and the fact that some people have described their experiences as negative has caused a call for civil marriage in Israel.
At the same time, many defend the Chief Rabbinate as protecting the Jewish nature of Israel, the Torah, and Diaspora Jewry.

</doc>
<doc id="6956101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956101" title="Hary Janos Suite">
Hary Janos Suite



</doc>
<doc id="6956107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956107" title="Marty Lederman">
Marty Lederman

Martin "Marty" S. Lederman is the former Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the Department of Justice's Office of Legal Counsel (OLC), appointed by President Obama in January 2009. He previously served as an Attorney Advisor in OLC from 1994 to 2002. He has concentrated on questions involving freedom of speech, the Religion Clauses, congressional power and federalism, equal protection, separation of powers, copyright, and food and drug law. He helped draft the June 2010 memorandum authorizing the assassination of U.S. citizen and Islamic cleric Anwar al-Awlaki. 
Career.
Lederman is an associate professor of law at the Georgetown University Law Center. He teaches courses in constitutional law, separation of powers, and executive branch lawyering. When not serving in government, he has been a regular contributor to the weblogs SCOTUSblog and Balkinization. His blogging and scholarship focuses on matters related to executive power, detention, interrogation, civil liberties, and torture. 
Lederman was formerly an attorney at Bredhoff &amp; Kaiser, where his practice consisted principally of federal litigation, including appeals on behalf of labor unions, employees and pension funds, with particular emphasis on constitutional law, labor law, civil rights, Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) and employment law. He graduated from University of Michigan and Yale Law School. He served as law clerk to then-Chief Judge Jack B. Weinstein, on the United States United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, and to Judge Frank M. Coffin, on the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. 
In November 2020, Lederman was named a volunteer member of the Joe Biden presidential transition Agency Review Team to support transition efforts related to the United States Department of Justice. In early 2021, Lederman left Georgetown Law to join the Biden administration in the OLC as Deputy Assistant Attorney General. This will be his third time serving at the OLC, where he was Deputy Assistant Attorney General from 2009 to 2010 and an Attorney Advisor from 1994 to 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="6956111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956111" title="Mikvot">
Mikvot



</doc>
<doc id="6956113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956113" title="Whales Bay">
Whales Bay



</doc>
<doc id="6956115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956115" title="Peter Mensah">
Peter Mensah

Peter Mensah (born 27 August 1959) is a Ghanaian-British actor, based in Canada. He is best known for his role as Oenomaus on the Starz television series "Spartacus" (2010–2013). He has also appeared in such films as "Tears of the Sun", "Hidalgo", "The Incredible Hulk", "300", "Avatar", and "Gladiator II".
Early life.
Mensah was born in Chiraa, Ghana, and comes from an academic family. He was born to parents from the Brong Ahafo Region, and moved to Hertfordshire, England, with his father, Peter Osei Mensah, an architect engineer, his mother, a writer, and two younger sisters at a young age. Mensah began practicing martial arts at the age of six.
Though he had done drama in school, Mensah originally studied engineering, and arrived in Canada as an engineer for British Gas, developing gas fields at Morecambe Bay.
Career.
Mensah's film credits include "Avatar", "300", "Hidalgo", "Tears of the Sun", "Jason X", "Harvard Man", "Bless the Child" and "The Incredible Hulk". He also stars in the short film "The Seed", produced and directed by Linkin Park's DJ Joe Hahn. He has made television appearances in ', "Tracker", "Witchblade", "Blue Murder", "Relic Hunter", ', ', and "La Femme Nikita". He was a member of the repertory cast of the A&amp;E Network series A Nero Wolfe Mystery and '.
He voiced and provided his likeness for Sgt. Zach Hammond in EA's video game "Dead Space".
Mensah played the character Oenomaus in "Spartacus" and was on the Spartacus Panel at Comic Con 2009 and 2011. He had a recurring role in the fifth season of "True Blood".
He is the voice of Predaking, the dragon-like leader of the Predacons in "".

</doc>
<doc id="6956117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956117" title="Ben Schoen">
Ben Schoen



</doc>
<doc id="6956120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956120" title="Whale Bay">
Whale Bay

Whale Bay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6956121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956121" title="Sims (rapper)">
Sims (rapper)

Andrew Sims (born October 19), better known mononymously as Sims, is an American rapper from Minneapolis. He has been a member of Doomtree and Shredders.
Early life.
Sims was born Andrew Sims on October 19, 1982, in Minnesota. He grew up in Hopkins, a suburb of Minneapolis. His parents were former musicians. He first began creating music at an early age when his father bought him a Casio SK-1 keyboard. At a young age, he began writing lyrics, not necessarily rap. By the time he was 14, Sims was freestyle rapping and was also in various non hip hop bands as well. He attended Hopkins High School in Minnetonka, Minnesota, where he met P.O.S and Cecil Otter, (and later other Doomtree members). Following graduation, he studied at the University of Minnesota.
Career.
Sims released the "False Hopes Number Four" EP, the fourth in a series of Doomtree's "False Hopes" releases, in 2003. In 2005, he released his first solo album, "Lights Out Paris". The album was released to critical success, earning 4/5 out of 5 starts from URB Magazine, City Pages and other outlets. In 2009, he released "False Hopes XIV".
His second solo album, "Bad Time Zoo", was released in 2011. It is entirely produced by Lazerbeak. The album was released with music videos for the tracks "One Dimensional Man", "LMG", and "Burn It Down." The album features a guest appearance from P.O.S. Drew Beringer of "AbsolutePunk" described the album as "one of the most bombastic hip-hop albums of 2011." "City Pages" included it on the "Minnesota's Best Albums of 2011" list. Sims released the "Wildlife" EP later that year.
In 2014, he released the "Field Notes" EP. It features production from Cecil Otter and Icetep, as well as a guest appearance from Astronautalis.
In 2016, he released his solo album, "More Than Ever". In 2018, he released a collaborative album with Air Credits and Icetep, titled "Artería Verité".
In 2017 Sims and his long-time collaborators P.O.S, Lazerbeak, and Paper Tiger released "Dangerous Jumps", the first album from Shredders. They've since released the eps "Great Hits"(2019), "Close Cuts"(2024), and "Serious Dudes(2024)."

</doc>
<doc id="6956123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956123" title="Parsley sauce">
Parsley sauce

Parsley sauce is a cream sauce seasoned with parsley.
It is essentially a simple béchamel sauce containing chopped parsley. A variant called "liquor" is often served with pie and mash as a traditional British food, particularly in London.
Parsley sauce is easy to make. Most recipes call for 5-7 ingredients and involve 3 steps.

</doc>
<doc id="6956128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956128" title="Red Dawson">
Red Dawson

Lowell Potter "Red" Dawson (December 20, 1906 – June 10, 1983) was an American football coach for the University of Pittsburgh Panthers and the Tulane Green Wave at the collegiate level and the AAFC's Buffalo Bills at the professional level. He was a native of River Falls, Wisconsin.
He learned the craft of football coaching at the University of Minnesota under Bernie Bierman, his former coach at Tulane. At Pitt he coached future Pro Football Hall of Famer Joe Schmidt and won Pittsburgh's "Dapper Dan" sports award in 1952. Dawson's greatest successes as a coach, however, were with Tulane and Buffalo. His 1939 Tulane squad went through the season undefeated before a disappointing loss to Texas A&amp;M in the Sugar Bowl. In 1948 his Buffalo Bills team captured the AAFC Eastern Division title in a playoff against the Baltimore Colts, though they ultimately lost the AAFC Championship Game to the Cleveland Browns. Dawson's final win–loss record was 36–19–4 at Tulane, 9–11–1 at Pittsburgh, and 19–25–4 at Buffalo.

</doc>
<doc id="6956136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956136" title="Dynamic addressing">
Dynamic addressing



</doc>
<doc id="6956140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956140" title="Martin Lederman">
Martin Lederman



</doc>
<doc id="6956146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956146" title="Martin S. Lederman">
Martin S. Lederman



</doc>
<doc id="6956148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956148" title="Ellesmere Port (dock)">
Ellesmere Port (dock)



</doc>
<doc id="6956159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956159" title="Len Cassanova">
Len Cassanova



</doc>
<doc id="6956167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956167" title="Rajshri">
Rajshri



</doc>
<doc id="6956179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956179" title="Violetear">
Violetear

The violetears are hummingbirds of the genus Colibri. They are medium to large species found in Mexico, and Central and northern South America. The Mexican violetear occasionally wanders as far north as the United States and even Canada.
Violetears have ample rounded tails and short or medium black bills. Three of the four species have a mainly green plumage. The males have a violet blue patch running back and down from the eye, which is erected when they are excited, and a glittering throat patch. The female plumage is generally like the male's, but the ear and throat patches are smaller.
Violetears build substantial cup nests into which two white eggs are laid. They have loud persistent songs, often repetitions of double notes.
These birds come readily to artificial nectar feeders, and show no fear of humans. They are aggressively territorial, and at feeders or flowering shrubs they spend much time chasing other hummingbirds, rather than feeding.
Species.
The genus contains five species:

</doc>
<doc id="6956181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956181" title="Chief Rabbis">
Chief Rabbis



</doc>
<doc id="6956184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956184" title="Mass media in Singapore">
Mass media in Singapore

 
The mass media in Singapore refers to mass communication methods through broadcasting, publishing, and the Internet available in the city-state. Singapore's media environment is a duopoly between two major conglomorates—Mediacorp, a public broadcaster controlled by state-owned conglomerate Temasek, and SPH Media. 
Comprising the publishing, print, broadcasting, film, music, digital, and IT media sectors, the media industry collectively employed about 38,000 people and contributed 1.56% to Singapore's gross domestic product (GDP) in 2001 with an annual turnover of S$10 billion. The industry grew at an average rate of 7.7% annually from 1990 to 2000, and the government seeks to increase its GDP contribution to 3% by 2012.
Regulation.
The Ministry of Digital Development and Information is the government's regulatory body that imposes and enforces regulation over locally produced media content. It also decides on the availability of published media from abroad. Political, regulatory and structural control over all media forms restricts and discourages criticism of the government. Issues deemed to be inciting racial and religious hatred are prohibited, and media advocating non-traditional family units and lifestyles are avoided.
Most of the local media are directly or indirectly controlled by the government through shareholdings of these media entities by the state's investment arm Temasek Holdings, and are often perceived as pro-government. In 2021, Reporters Without Borders ranked Singapore 158 out of 180 countries in the Press Freedom Index.
In 2011, 56% of 1,092 local respondents to a telephone poll agreed that "there is too much government control of newspapers and television", and 48% felt that "newspapers and television are biased when they report on Singapore politics, political parties and elections".
Radio and television broadcasting.
After it acquired the assets of SPH MediaWorks in 2004, the state-owned broadcaster Mediacorp currently owns and operates all six free-to-air terrestrial local television channels licensed to broadcast in Singapore, as well as 12 radio channels. The majority of radio stations in Singapore are mainly operated by Mediacorp with the exception of seven stations, which are operated by So Drama! Entertainment (a part of the Singapore Armed Forces) and SPH Media respectively. The only radio station in Singapore that is entirely outside government control is the BBC Far Eastern Relay station, which broadcasts the BBC World Service locally on 88.9 FM.
Private ownership of TV satellite dishes was previously forbidden.
Newspapers.
The Newspaper and Printing Presses Act of 1974 states:
Section 10 of the same act gives the Minister the power to appoint the management shareholders of all newspaper companies and to control any transfers of such management shares. The same section specifies that a management share equals 200 ordinary shares for "any resolution relating to the appointment or dismissal of a director or any member of the staff of a newspaper company", and that the number of management shares must equal at least 1% of ordinary shares. This gives the management shareholders, and by proxy the government, a minimum 66% majority in any votes regarding staffing decisions.
The print media are largely controlled by SPH Media, publisher of the flagship English-language daily, "The Straits Times". SPH publishes all daily newspapers with the exception of "TODAY", which is owned by Mediacorp, now a digital publication. Chua Chin Hon, "The Straits Times" US bureau chief, said that the paper's "editors have all been groomed as pro-government supporters and are careful to ensure that reporting of local events adheres closely to the official line", and that "the government exerts significant pressure on ST editors to ensure that published articles follow the government's line". As with worldwide trends, SPH readership and subscription numbers have stagnated since the early-2000s, as Singaporeans increasingly turned to online media for their news.
, there are 16 newspapers in active circulation. Daily newspapers are published in English, Chinese, Malay and Tamil.
Under a reciprocal agreement between Malaysia and Singapore, Malaysia's the "New Straits Times" newspaper may not be sold in Singapore, and Singapore's "The Straits Times" may not be sold in Malaysia. This is largely due to the history between these two countries.

</doc>
<doc id="6956189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956189" title="‘Abdu’l-‘Aziz">
‘Abdu’l-‘Aziz



</doc>
<doc id="6956191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956191" title="Jewish marriages">
Jewish marriages



</doc>
<doc id="6956199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956199" title="Jewish burrials">
Jewish burrials



</doc>
<doc id="6956202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956202" title="Opie and Anthony Show">
Opie and Anthony Show



</doc>
<doc id="6956203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956203" title="Kosher certification">
Kosher certification



</doc>
<doc id="6956211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956211" title="Southern China Area Army">
Southern China Area Army



</doc>
<doc id="6956213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956213" title="Monte Carlo rally">
Monte Carlo rally



</doc>
<doc id="6956218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956218" title="Meta material">
Meta material



</doc>
<doc id="6956231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956231" title="Daniel Kountz">
Daniel Kountz

Daniel Kountz (born October 16, 1978) is an American actor and realtor.
Early life.
Kountz began acting in third grade playing "Tiny Tim" in a school play.
Career.
Kountz has been on television and in movies. In 1998, he portrayed Ray "The Hood" Wood in "Fifteen and Pregnant" acting alongside Kirsten Dunst. In 2001, he played his most notable character, Kal in ""; he acted alongside Kimberly J. Brown. In a 2020 question-and-answer panel, Kountz revealed he had four or five auditions for the film before being cast. He also was in an episode of "Ghost Whisperer" titled Ghost in the Machine, as the avatar. He has had parts in "Just Shoot Me", "3rd Rock from the Sun", "Crossing Jordan", and a few other television shows. He is a real estate agent in Los Angeles.
Personal life.
Kountz began dating his "Halloweentown II" costar Kimberly J. Brown after they reconnected for a "Halloweentown"-themed project for Brown's YouTube channel. In June 2022, Brown announced their engagement on social media. In April 2024, the couple were married. 

</doc>
<doc id="6956250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956250" title="Debra Jean Belle">
Debra Jean Belle



</doc>
<doc id="6956253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956253" title="NIT-T">
NIT-T



</doc>
<doc id="6956261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956261" title="Kvant">
Kvant

Kvant is Russian for "quantum". See quantum (disambiguation).
Kvant may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6956264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956264" title="Kvant module">
Kvant module



</doc>
<doc id="6956265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956265" title="State Route 322 (Virginia 1923-1926)">
State Route 322 (Virginia 1923-1926)



</doc>
<doc id="6956280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956280" title="Women in the miltary">
Women in the miltary



</doc>
<doc id="6956283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956283" title="Sahlon">
Sahlon

Sahlon village is located in the Nawanshahr district of Punjab. Also known as the "soldiers village" because lot of young people used to enlist in the army and serve the nation. Village provide all the facilities in field of education, health, waterworks. Four Sikh shrines and temples grace this village. There are two schools in the village that are striving to make better future of the children of the village and vicinity . Majority of the local residents have immigrated to far away lands like North America and the United Kingdom and also to Europe. Majority of the villagers from this village belong to the Rajput caste and carry the last name Bhatti. The main source of income to the locals is agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="6956285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956285" title="Kvant (module)">
Kvant (module)



</doc>
<doc id="6956295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956295" title="Japan's Supreme Court">
Japan's Supreme Court



</doc>
<doc id="6956296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956296" title="I Ain't Mad At Cha">
I Ain't Mad At Cha



</doc>
<doc id="6956299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956299" title="1st Cavalry Division (Airmobile)">
1st Cavalry Division (Airmobile)



</doc>
<doc id="6956304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956304" title="Kyou kara maou">
Kyou kara maou



</doc>
<doc id="6956308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956308" title="Priroda">
Priroda

The Priroda (; ) (TsM-I, 77KSI, 11F77I) module was the seventh and final module of the Mir Space Station. Its primary purpose was to conduct Earth resource experiments through remote sensing and to develop and verify remote sensing methods. The control system of Priroda was developed by the Khartron (Kharkov, Ukraine).
Description.
Priroda was originally designed to carry a deployable solar array. However, due to delays, and the fact that solar arrays were planned for other parts of Mir, a solar array was not included in the launch configuration. Instead, during free flight, Priroda was powered by two redundant sets of batteries totaling 168. Priroda had an unpressurized instrument compartment and a habitable instrument/payload compartment. The unpressurized compartment contained propulsion system components, EVA handrails, and scientific equipment. The instrument/payload compartment was divided into two sections: an outer instrument section and an inner habitation and work compartment. Experiments on Priroda were provided by twelve different nations. These experiments covered microwave, visible, near infrared, and infrared spectral regions using both passive and active sounding methods.
Remote sensing instruments:
Launch and docking.
Priroda was launched on April 23, 1996, on a Proton rocket. After reaching orbit, an electrical connector failure caused the amount of power available on Priroda to be cut in half. Due to the electrical problem, Priroda would only have one attempt at docking before power would be lost. This caused some concern for ground controllers because most other modules failed to dock on their first attempt. However, Priroda docked with no problems on April 26. After being moved to its permanent location at the +Z docking port on the base block, Priroda was connected to the rest of the station's electrical system, which allowed it to run off power from solar arrays on other modules. The crew on board then removed the batteries from Priroda and stored them in Progress M-31 for a destructive re-entry.
During the last expedition to Mir in 2000, power loads were reportedly so high that the crew was not able to activate any of Priroda's payloads.
Priroda, along with the other Mir components, were destroyed when the Mir station was de-orbited in March 2001, entering the Earth's atmosphere.

</doc>
<doc id="6956310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956310" title="Spektr">
Spektr

Spektr (; ) (TKM-O, 77KSO, 11F77O) was the fifth module of the Mir Space Station. The module was designed for remote observation of Earth's environment and contained atmospheric and surface research equipment. Spektr also had four solar arrays which generated about half of the station's electrical power.
Development.
The Spektr module was originally developed as part of a top-secret military program code-named "Oktant". It was planned to carry experiments with space-borne surveillance and test antimissile defense. The surveillance instruments were mounted on the exterior of the module opposite the docking port. Also in this location were two launchers for artificial targets. The heart of the Spektr payload was an experimental optical telescope code-named "Pion” (Peony).
Instrument list:
These experiments would have been a continuation of the research aboard a top-secret TKS-M module, which docked to Salyut 7 in 1985. However, with the end of the Cold War and the shrinking of Russia's space budget, the module was stuck on the ground.
In the mid-1990s with the return of US-Russian cooperation in space, NASA agreed to provide funds to complete the Spektr and Priroda modules in exchange for having 600 to 700 kg of US experiments installed. The Oktava military component was replaced with a conical mounting area for two additional solar arrays. The airlock for the Oktava targets to be used instead to expose experiments to the vacuum of space.
Once in orbit, Spektr served as the living quarters for American astronauts until the collision in late June 1997.
Collision.
On June 25, 1997, the Progress M-34 spacecraft crashed into Spektr while doing an experimental docking maneuver with the Kvant-1 module. The collision damaged one of Spektr's solar arrays and punctured the hull, causing a relatively slow leak. The crew had enough time to install a hatch cover and seal the module off to prevent depressurization of the entire Mir station. To seal the module, the crew had to remove the cables that were routed through the (open) hatchway, including the power cables from Spektr's solar panels.
An internal spacewalk in the Spektr module in August 1997 by cosmonauts Anatoly Solovyov and Pavel Vinogradov, from Soyuz TM-26, succeeded in restoring these power connections by installing a modified hatch cover to allow the power cables to pass through the hatch when it was in the closed position. 
In a second internal spacewalk in October they connected two of the panels to a computer system to allow the panels to be controlled remotely and align with the Sun. These modifications allowed power generation to return to approximately 70% of the pre-collision generation capability.
Spektr was left depressurized and isolated from the remainder of the Mir complex.

</doc>
<doc id="6956314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956314" title="Kristall">
Kristall

The Kristall () (77KST, TsM-T, 11F77T) module was the fourth module and the third major addition to "Mir". As with previous modules, its configuration was based on the 77K (TKS) module, and was originally named "Kvant 3". It was launched on May 31, 1990 on Proton-K. It docked to Mir autonomously on June 10, 1990.
Description.
Kristall had several materials processing furnaces. They were called Krater 5, Optizon 1, Zona 2, and Zona 3. It also had a biotechnology experiment called the Aniur electrophoresis unit. These experiments were capable of generating 100 kg of raw materials for use on Earth. Located in the docking node was the Priroda 5 camera which was used for Earth resources experiments. Kristall also had several astronomy and astrophysics experiments which were designed to augment experiments that were already located in Kvant-1. Kristall's solar panels were also different from others on Mir. They were designed to be "collapsible" which means that they could be deployed and retracted several times. One of Kristall's solar panels was removed and re-deployed on Kvant-1 in 1995. That solar panel was later disposed of in November, 1997. Kristall also carried six gyrodines for attitude control and to augment those already on the station. The control system of Kristall was developed by the JSC "Khartron" (Kharkiv, Ukraine).
List of experiments:
Relation to Buran and Space Shuttle programs.
The most notable feature of Kristall was its relation to the Soviet Buran program. Kristall carried two APAS-89 designed to be compatible with the Buran shuttle. One unit was located axially and the other was located radially. After the cancellation of the Buran program in 1993, the lateral docking port found use for the Shuttle-Mir Program. The radial port was never used. The axial port was tested by the modified Soyuz TM-16 spacecraft in 1993 in preparation for Shuttle dockings. On May 26, 1995, Kristall was moved from the -Y port on the Mir base block to the -X port. It was then moved on May 30 to -Z port in preparation for the arrival of the Spektr module. On June 10, Kristall was moved back to -X port to prepare for the upcoming Shuttle docking. The first Space Shuttle docking occurred in 1995 during STS-71 by the . On July 17, 1995, Kristall was moved one last time to its permanent position at the -Z port. For Buran dockings, the entire procedure of moving Kristall would have to be used.
On STS-74, the next Shuttle docking, Atlantis carried a docking module that was attached to Kristall. This allowed future Shuttle dockings to be carried out without the module rearrangement that had needed previously.

</doc>
<doc id="6956344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956344" title="Lord Lieutenant of Queens County">
Lord Lieutenant of Queens County



</doc>
<doc id="6956345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956345" title="Ian Constable">
Ian Constable

Ian Jeffrey Constable is an Australian ophthalmologist and the founder and director of the Lions Eye Institute in Perth, Western Australia. He was the Foundation Lions Professor of Ophthalmology at the University of Western Australia, and the Foundation Director of UWA's Centre for Ophthalmology and Visual Science. He is now Patron of the Lions Eye Institute.
Constable was also the Chairman of the West Australian State Science Council (2000 to 2006) and the Director of Ophthalmology Services for the WA Department of Health and a member of the State Health Research Advisory Council.
Constable has been a consultant ophthalmologist to six Perth hospitals, including Royal Perth Hospital and Princess Margaret Hospital for Children. His clinical sub-specialties are vitreoretinal surgery, retinal vascular disease, diabetic retinopathy and macular degeneration
Constable has led research in a range of blinding eye diseases and translated the discoveries into development companies, including listings on the Australian and New York exchanges. He was a State Citizen of the year and National EY entrepreneur of the year and an AICD medal awardee for his charitable eye work. He is a member of the WA Science as well as the Lions Halls of Fame.
Education and early career.
After secondary education at Shore School in Sydney, Constable graduated in medicine and surgery from the university in 1965. He worked at the Royal Prince Alfred Hospital in Sydney until 1970, and then was a Retinal Research Fellow at Harvard Medical School from 1970 to 1971. He was a Clinical Retinal Fellow at the Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary in Boston from 1971 to 1972 and an instructor in ophthalmology at Harvard from 1974 to 1975. In 1975 he was the Foundation Lions Professor of Ophthalmology at the University of Western Australia, and in 1983 he was the Foundation Director of the Lions Eye Institute.
Other roles.
Constable has been appointed to the boards of many research foundations, including the Ophthalmic Research Institute of Australia and the Karl Stein Foundation. He is still on the board of several foundations, including the Australian Foundation for the Prevention of Blindness, and is a senior advisor to the Lions Save Sight Foundation and an honorary advisor to the Retina Australia Foundation.
Journals and authorship.
Constable reviews for many journals and research foundations, including the National Health and Medical Research Council of Australia, the American Diabetes Research Foundation, the British Journal of Ophthalmology and the Ramaciotti Foundation. He has authored approximately 400 refereed articles in international medical and scientific journals, and written two textbooks.
International appointments.
His international appointments include board member of the International Advisory Council of the World Cataract Surgeons' Foundation and a board member of the International Council of Ophthalmology.
Awards.
Constable's awards include the ANZAC Peace Prize (awarded by the Returned and Services League in 2006), a Centenary Medal of Australia in 2000, and an Officer, Order of Australia, in 1987. In June 2008 he was awarded the inaugural Sir Charles Court Inspiring Leadership Award at the 2008 WA Citizen of the Year Foundation Day Awards. In 2020 he was elected Fellow of the Australian Academy of Health and Medical Sciences and Fellow of the Royal Society of New South Wales.
He has given many named lectures during his career, and since 2000 the annual Ian Constable Lecture has been presented in Perth. Speakers at the Lecture have included Julian D. Gale and Bob Williamson. The 2006 speaker was Barry Marshall, Nobel Prize winner (2005, Physiology or Medicine).
The 2007 Lecture was delivered on Monday 10 September 2007 by Professor Peter Quinn, Professor of Astronomy at the University of Western Australia's School of Physics and Premier's Fellow.
Professor Quinn will present an overview of modern astronomy and mankind's quest to find the dawn of creation.
Professional membership.
Constable is a member of many professional organisations, including the American Academy of Ophthalmology and the Australian Society for Medical Research.
Research grants.
He has held many competitive National Health and Medical Research Council grants since 1976, and is co-principal investigator to two Centre grants: 'Development of new treatments for retinal diseases and glaucoma' ($5.7 million) and 'Gene-based strategies for diabetic retinopathy' ($2.6 million).
Personal interests.
Constable's personal interests include art collecting (he is a former board member of the Art Gallery of Western Australia), antique cars, music and opera, and sailing.
He is married to Liz Constable, a former member of parliament for the WA electoral district of Churchlands.
References.
Ian Constable's CV (internal document at Lions Eye Institute).
Profile of Ian Constable at Science Network Western Australia http://www.sciencewa.net.au/science_archive.asp?pg=30&amp;NID=135 
('The Eyes Have It' by Catherine Madden, Thursday, 24 February 2005).
'Award shines light on WA hero', by Christiana Jones and Kate Tarala, "The West Australian", Monday 2 June 2008.
2006 Ian Constable Lecture: http://www.lei.org.au/docs/47344_constable_2006.pdf 
2014 Ian Constable Lecture: http://www.ias.uwa.edu.au/lectures/lister

</doc>
<doc id="6956352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956352" title="Outline of air pollution dispersion">
Outline of air pollution dispersion

The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to air pollution dispersion:
In environmental science, air pollution dispersion is the distribution of air pollution into the atmosphere. "Air pollution" is the introduction of particulates, biological molecules, or other harmful materials into Earth's atmosphere, causing disease, death to humans, damage to other living organisms such as food crops, and the natural or built environment. Air pollution may come from anthropogenic or natural sources. "Dispersion" refers to what happens to the pollution during and after its introduction; understanding this may help in identifying and controlling it.
Air pollution dispersion has become the focus of environmental conservationists and governmental environmental protection agencies (local, state, province and national) of many countries (which have adopted and used much of the terminology of this field in their laws and regulations) regarding air pollution control.
Air pollution emission plumes.
Air pollution emission plume – flow of pollutant in the form of vapor or smoke released into the air. Plumes are of considerable importance in the atmospheric dispersion modelling of air pollution. There are three primary types of air pollution emission plumes:
Air pollution dispersion models.
There are five types of air pollution dispersion models, as well as some hybrids of the five types:
Characterization of atmospheric turbulence.
Effect of turbulence on dispersion – turbulence increases the entrainment and mixing of unpolluted air into the plume and thereby acts to reduce the concentration of pollutants in the plume (i.e., enhances the plume dispersion). It is therefore important to categorize the amount of atmospheric turbulence present at any given time. This type of dispersion is scale dependent. Such that, for flows where the cloud of pollutant is smaller than the largest eddies present, there will be mixing. There is no limit on the size on mixing motions in the atmosphere and therefore bigger clouds will experience larger and stronger mixing motions. And hence, this type of dispersion is scale dependent.
The Pasquill atmospheric stability classes.
Pasquill atmospheric stability classes – oldest and, for a great many years, the most commonly used method of categorizing the amount of atmospheric turbulence present was the method developed by Pasquill in 1961. 
He categorized the atmospheric turbulence into six stability classes named A, B, C, D, E and F with class A being the most unstable or most turbulent class, and class F the most stable or least turbulent class. 
Table 1: The Pasquill stability classes
Table 2: Meteorological conditions that define the Pasquill stability classes
Incoming solar radiation is based on the following: strong (&gt; 700 W m−2), moderate (350–700 W m−2), slight (&lt; 350 W m−2)
Other parameters that can define the stability class.
The stability class can be defined also by using the
Advanced methods of categorizing atmospheric turbulence.
Advanced air pollution dispersion models – they do not categorize atmospheric turbulence by using the simple meteorological parameters commonly used in defining the six Pasquill classes as shown in Table 2 above. The more advanced models use some form of Monin–Obukhov similarity theory. Some examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="6956360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956360" title="Neros Empire">
Neros Empire



</doc>
<doc id="6956365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956365" title="Jorge López Orozco">
Jorge López Orozco

Jorge Alberto López Orozco (born April 22, 1976), is a Mexican former fugitive. He was wanted for the murder of his girlfriend and her two children and unlawful flight to avoid prosecution in Elmore County, Idaho. On March 17, 2005, he became the 480th fugitive listed by the FBI placed on the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list.
Lopez-Orozco was captured on October 8, 2009 in Zihuatanejo, Mexico. He was extradited to the United States and was convicted and sentenced to life without parole in 2013.
Background.
Lopez-Orozco is an undocumented immigrant from Mexico who earned income by distributing methamphetamines and helping his family with their farming business in Mountain Home, Idaho. His criminal record contained only an arrest during a traffic stop by Elmore County police on failure to possess a valid driver's license.
Rebecca Ramirez, Lopez-Orozco's former girlfriend, had separated from him and lived in her father's home in Nyssa, Oregon. Lopez-Orozco persuaded Ramirez to meet with him, and he picked her up along with her sons. In July 2002 Rebecca brought her two children with Lopez-Orozco and drove off in their car to head back to Mountain Home, where they lived.
After a few days, Ramirez' family alerted authorities because she did not contact her family. Investigators listed them as missing persons and the family awaited her return.
Triple murder and investigation.
On August 11, 2002, sturgeon fishermen were riding all-terrain vehicles along the fishing section of the Snake River just outside Mountain Home, Idaho. One of the fishermen spotted an abandoned and burned-out car and eventually discovered charred human skeletal remains. Authorities were alerted and the place was declared a crime scene.
DNA tests revealed that the remains were the bodies of Ramirez and her sons, Miguel and Ricardo. The car was set on fire after each victim had been shot execution-style in either the head or the chest.
Investigators recovered the car's license plate and tracked down its owner. He had sold the car, and he had a photocopy of the buyer's driver's license. The buyer was Jorge Lopez-Orozco. Later, investigators discovered that Ramirez had found out that her boyfriend Jorge was actually married with children. Her friends said that Becky was planning to break up with him. Detectives have suspected this being the motive for the murders.
Lopez-Orozco's brother Simon and his wife Maria Garcia were both also charged with accessory to first degree murder.
It was alleged they assisted him with fleeing the state of Idaho and helping to conceal and provide transportation for the Lopez-Orozco family. After fleeing Idaho, Simon and Maria were last seen in San Jose, California in August 2002. Maria Garcia was captured in 2006, but Simon Lopez-Orozco remains at large. Prior to Jorge's capture, the FBI believed they were possibly residing in Mexico and Jorge might have used alias "Raúl Solario". He was considered armed and extremely dangerous. The FBI offered a $100,000 reward for information leading Lopez-Orozco's capture.
Capture.
On October 8, 2009, Mexican Federal Police arrested Lopez-Orozco in Zihuatanejo, Mexico. As of March 31, 2010, he was awaiting extradition to the United States in a Morelia prison. Prosecutors did not seek capital punishment against Lopez-Orozco, as Mexico refuses to extradite suspects who might face execution.
He was returned to the United States and was convicted of murder and sentenced to life without parole. Lopez-Orozco is currently incarcerated in Idaho State Correctional Center in Boise.

</doc>
<doc id="6956369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956369" title="Paul White (journalist)">
Paul White (journalist)

Paul Welrose White (June 6, 1902 – July 9, 1955) was an American journalist and news director who founded the Columbia Broadcasting System's news division in 1933 and directed it for 13 years. His leadership spanned World War II and earned a 1945 Peabody Award for CBS Radio. After his departure from CBS in 1946 he wrote a textbook on broadcast journalism, "News on the Air" (1947). Since 1956 the Radio Television Digital News Association has presented the Paul White Award for lifetime achievement as its highest honor.
Biography.
Paul Welrose White was born June 6, 1902, in Pittsburg, Kansas, the son of Paul Welrose White and Anna (Pickard) White. His early newspaper experience included reporting for "The Pittsburg Headlight" in 1918 and "The Salina Journal" in 1919, and working as a telegraph editor of "The Kansas City Journal" in 1920. White studied at the University of Kansas for two years (1920–21) before transferring to Columbia University. He received a Bachelor of Literature degree (1923) and a Master of Science degree (1924) from the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism. While studying at Columbia he reported for "The New York Evening Bulletin" and was a contributor to the "New York Sunday World".
White became a correspondent for the United Press, covering stories ranging from the sensational trials of Ruth Snyder, Earl Carroll and the Hall–Mills murder case to the historic flights of Charles Lindbergh, Ruth Elder and Richard E. Byrd. He worked his way up to editor of United Features Syndicate.
In 1929 the Columbia Broadcasting System began making regular radio news broadcasts — five-minute summaries taken from reports from the United Press, one of the three wire services that supplied newspapers with national and international news. In December 1930 CBS chief William S. Paley hired White away from United Press as CBS's news editor. Paley put the radio network's news operation at the same level as entertainment, and authorized White to interrupt programming if events warranted. Along with other networks, CBS chafed at the breaking news embargo imposed upon radio by the wire services, which prevented them from using bulletins until they first appeared in print. CBS disregarded an embargo when it broke the story of the Lindbergh kidnapping in 1932, using live on-the-air reporting. Radio networks scooped print outlets with news of the 1932 presidential election. The American Newspaper Publishers Association retaliated by closing the wire services to radio.
In March 1933 White was named vice president and general manager in charge of news at CBS.
"Paul White was building an organization that would take on an almost legendary reputation," wrote radio historian John Dunning. He organized the Columbia News Service, operating out of Studio Nine in New York, and produced three news broadcasts per day. Creating the radio news service was the suggestion of General Mills, which agreed to pay half the cost. The Dow Jones &amp; Company ticker service was purchased, along with a subscription to an international news agency in London, the Exchange Telegraph. Bureaus were set up in New York, Washington, D.C., Chicago and Los Angeles, and those bureau managers hired part-time correspondents to cover every U.S. city with a population of 50,000 or more. Before long White was receiving inquiries from small newspapers about whether they could transcribe CBS radio reports and use them in print; and he found a few instances of newspapers doing just that, without attribution.
Within the year the conventional press wanted to compromise. In December 1933 the Press-Radio Bureau was created — with another set of restrictions that were soon disregarded. "This was the last hurrah in the attempt by the press to control radio news," wrote radio historian John Dunning. "Radio had discovered its own capability."
In 1935 White hired Edward R. Murrow, and sent him to London in 1937 to run CBS Radio's European operation. White led a staff that would come to include Charles Collingwood, William L. Shirer, Eric Sevareid, Bill Downs, John Charles Daly, Joseph C. Harsch Cecil Brown, Elmer Davis, Quincy Howe, H. V. Kaltenborn and Robert Trout. "CBS was getting its ducks in a row for the biggest news story in history, World War II", wrote radio historian John Dunning.
As early as 1940, White embarked upon a collaboration with Edmund Chester under the direct supervision of William S. Paley in the establishment of CBS' "La Cadena de las Americas" (Network of the Americas), in an effort to offset the proliferation of Nazi propaganda throughout South America during World War II. In the process, he assumed a central role in the establishment of a new broadcast division within CBS consisting of sixty four stations which distributed vital news, music and cultural programming in support of Pan-Americanism for the government's Office of the Coordinator of Inter-American Affairs chaired by Nelson Rockefeller. 
White and CBS received a 1945 Peabody Award for Outstanding Reporting of the News. He left CBS in May 1946 to write a textbook, "News on the Air" (1947), and for health reasons he moved to San Diego, California, in 1947. He accepted the position of associate editor of "The San Diego Journal" and became news director of KFMB radio and television in 1950. He covered the Republican and Democratic National Conventions in Chicago for CBS in 1952.
White died at his home in San Diego July 9, 1955, after a long illness.
"News on the Air".
Published in 1947, White's book "News on the Air" was still used as a textbook at the time of his death in 1955. Reviewing the book in "The New York Times", Jack Gould wrote, "The name Paul W. White probably is not familiar to most radio listeners, but for thirteen years he had a direct and influential hand in regard to the news and opinion which they heard on the air. … Under Mr. White's administration, in fact, the CBS newsroom gained a reputation as the most competent and alert in radio." White's book argues that radio's chief value in journalism was its clear and informal presentation of news, in contrast to the cumbersome style employed by many newspapers.
"Paul White was a teacher as well as a working pro," said Dan Rather, recipient of the Paul White Award in 1997. "He taught Murrow and the Murrow Boys, and he taught at Columbia University from 1939 to 1946. And it's worth noting that Paul White didn't merely "practice" high standards — he put them in a book, where he hoped that the young — students and professionals — would find them and learn from them. And so he wrote "News on the Air". For a long time it was "the" definitive textbook on broadcast journalism. It influenced three generations of radio and television reporters, including the present generation — and specifically including this reporter, who devoured the book in college."
Legacy.
Since 1956 the Radio Television Digital News Association has presented the Paul White Award for lifetime achievement as its highest honor. Recipients include Christiane Amanpour, Tom Brokaw, Pauline Frederick, Charles Gibson, Charles Kuralt, Edward R. Murrow, Dan Rather, Tim Russert, Bob Schieffer, Chris Wallace and Lesley Stahl.

</doc>
<doc id="6956383" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956383" title="Emei Shan liocichla">
Emei Shan liocichla

The Emei Shan liocichla (Liocichla omeiensis), also known as the Omei Shan or grey-faced liocichla, is a passerine bird in the family Leiothrichidae. It is closely related to the Bugun liocichla, a species only described in 2006, and which it closely resembles. 
Habitat.
The species is endemic to forests in mountain ranges in Southern Sichuan, China. It is an altitudinal migrant, spending the summer months above 1000 m and moving below 600m in the winter. It is often found in thick bamboo and deep scrub forests.
Description.
The Emei Shan liocichla is an olive-grey coloured bird with red wing patches. The plumage on the face is grey with a slight red ring on each side of the face. 
Diet.
The species feeds in the undergrowth of semi-tropical rainforest. It is an herbivore.
Threats.
The Emei Shan liocichla is considered vulnerable by the IUCN. It is threatened by habitat loss through logging and conversion to agriculture. Some populations are protected inside reserves, such as the Emei Shan Protected Scenic Site.
Vocalization.
Individual males have very distinct songs, and can be identified by their vocalizations. They whistle loudly and in complex patterns during breeding seasons to maintain their territories. Females do not vocalize.
Breeding.
Its nesting success has decreased as a result of habitat loss. After disturbances, Emei Shan liocichlas tend to place their nests higher (in taller plants or on higher parts of the plants), or in thornier trees, presumably to protect against further disturbances.

</doc>
<doc id="6956387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956387" title="Fisher baronets">
Fisher baronets

There have been two baronetcies created for persons with the surname Fisher, both in the Baronetage of England.
The Fisher Baronetcy, of Packington Magna in the County of Warwick, was created in the Baronetage of England on 7 December 1622 for Robert Fisher of Packington Hall, Great Packington, Warwickshire. The second baronet sat as member of parliament for Coventry. The third baronet died without a male heir and the Packington estates passed to his daughter Mary, wife of the Earl of Aylesford. The fourth baronet died in 1739, when the baronetcy became dormant. An unsuccessful claim was lodged a few years ago. For more information, follow this link.
The Fisher Baronetcy, of St Giles in the County of Middlesex, was created in the Baronetage of England on 19 July 1627 for Thomas Fisher. The title became extinct on the death of the fourth baronet in 1707.

</doc>
<doc id="6956391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956391" title="Omei Shan Liocichla">
Omei Shan Liocichla



</doc>
<doc id="6956393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956393" title="The Girl behind the Counter">
The Girl behind the Counter



</doc>
<doc id="6956394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956394" title="Liocichla omeiensis">
Liocichla omeiensis



</doc>
<doc id="6956396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956396" title="Ein Davar">
Ein Davar



</doc>
<doc id="6956398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956398" title="Twenty-Third Army (Japan)">
Twenty-Third Army (Japan)

The was an army of the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II.
History.
The Japanese 23rd Army was established on June 26, 1941, under the command of the Imperial General Headquarters. It was transferred to the control of the China Expeditionary Army on August 12 of the same year. It was based in Guangdong province and on Hainan Island to replace the Southern China Area Army which was disbanded June 26, 1941.
The Japanese 23rd Army was primarily a garrison force to deter the possible landings of Allied forces in southern China. It was involved in the Battle of Guilin-Liuzhou (part of Operation Ichi-Go) from August–November 1944. The Japanese 23rd Army surrendered to the Chinese Kuomintang forces on August 15, 1945, with the surrender of Japan and was disbanded in Guangzhou.
After the war, Imamura, Sakai, and Tanaka were all tried and convicted of war crimes. Sakai and Tanaka were tried in China and executed, while Imamura received a life sentence from an Australian military court. He was released in 1954. Viewing his own sentence as too lenient, Imamura built his own prison in which he imprisoned himself until his death in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="6956401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956401" title="Desert Lights">
Desert Lights

Desert Lights is the fifth studio album by Australian band, Something for Kate, released on 1 June 2006. It peaked at No. 1 on the ARIA Charts – their second studio album to do so after "The Official Fiction" (August 2003). "Desert Lights" was accredited gold by ARIA for shipment of 35,000 copies by the end of 2006.
Background.
Something for Kate were established in 1994 as an alternative rock band in Melbourne. By 1998 the line-up was Paul Dempsey on lead vocals, guitar and keyboards; Clint Hyndman on drums and percussion and Stephanie Ashworth on bass guitar, percussion and backing vocals. Something for Kate had issued their fourth studio album, "The Official Fiction" in August 2003, which became their first number-one album.
"Desert Lights", their fifth studio album was issued on 1 June 2006, which also topped the charts – their second number-one album. It was accredited gold record status within a month of its release for shipment of 35,000 copies. They had recorded it over four months in Los Angeles with production by Brad Wood (Ben Lee, the Smashing Pumpkins, Liz Phair). It provided three singles, "Cigarettes and Suitcases" (May 2006), "Oh Kamikaze" (September) and "California" (March 2007).
Track listing.
Bonus Bootleg Disc.
Live tracks are taken from two concerts at live music venue, The Zoo, in Fortitude Valley, Brisbane, on 20 and 21 May 2006.
Deluxe edition bonus disc.
The 2014 deluxe edition included a bonus disc of the album's B-sides.
Personnel.
Something for Kate
Additional personnel

</doc>
<doc id="6956404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956404" title="Adducted thumb syndrome recessive form">
Adducted thumb syndrome recessive form



</doc>
<doc id="6956408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956408" title="Sarah Price (filmmaker)">
Sarah Price (filmmaker)

Sarah Price (born 1970) is an American filmmaker, director and producer known for the feature documentary "American Movie" (1999 Winner of the Grand Jury Prize for Documentary at the Sundance Film Festival, released by Sony Pictures Classics). 
Price is a member of the Directors Guild of America.
Early life.
Price spent the first five years of her life in London, England, her early school years in the American Midwest and East Coast, and later attended high school at the International Schools in Frankfurt, Germany and Nairobi, Kenya. Price was educated at the University of Iowa.
Career.
She directed "Caesar's Park" (2001 SXSW Int'l Film Fest, Sundance Channel), "The Yes Men" (2003 Toronto Int'l Film Festival, released by United Artist/MGM), and "Summercamp!" (2006 Toronto Int'l Film Fest, Sundance Channel). Price was also a cinematographer on "The Yes Men Fix the World" (2009 Sundance Film Fest/HBO), and a Co-Producer of "Youssou N’dour: I Bring What I Love" (2008 Toronto Int’l Fest). In 2009, she expanded into commercial directing and is represented by Independent Media Inc. Sarah further expanded into episodic television in 2014, directing "The Carrie Diaries" for Warner Brothers.
In 2016, Sarah Price's documentary film was first screened. Price describes hearing a song by L7 while working as a DJ at her college radio station as the seed of her curiosity and interest in the group. The film was nominated for the Jury Prize at the 2017 Hollywood Film Festival and for the Indiemusic Schweppes Award at the IndieLisboa International Independent Film Festival in 2018. "L7: Pretend We're Dead" won the Jury Prize at the Bordeaux Rock - Musical Ecran in 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="6956411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956411" title="G.i.n.o.">
G.i.n.o.



</doc>
<doc id="6956414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956414" title="Liocichla bugunorum">
Liocichla bugunorum



</doc>
<doc id="6956415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956415" title="Dave Fennell">
Dave Fennell

Dave Fennell (born February 4, 1953) is a Canadian former defensive lineman for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League (CFL). After graduating from the University of North Dakota in 1973, he played for Edmonton from 1974 to 1983, and helped lead the team to five straight Grey Cup championships from 1978 to 1982 as a key member of the "Alberta Crude" defence.
Fennell was named CFL Most Outstanding Defensive Player in 1978, CFL Most Outstanding Canadian in 1979, and Defensive Star of the 1978 and 1982 Grey Cup games. He was a CFL and Western All-Star at defensive tackle from 1977 to 1981, and was runner-up for the Most Outstanding Canadian Award in 1980. His nickname was "Doctor Death".
Fennell is a member of the Canadian Football Hall of Fame and the Alberta Sports Hall of Fame. In November 2006, he was voted one of the CFL's Top 50 players (No. 24) of the league's modern era by Canadian sports network TSN.
Fennell earned a law degree from the University of Alberta in 1979. After retiring from football, he founded Golden Star Resources, which is a mining company that was focused on gold deposits in Guyana while he was working there. He was an executive vice-chairman and a director of Miramar Mining Corporation.
He is the father of John Fennell, a member of the Canadian luge team at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="6956419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956419" title="Iva Davies">
Iva Davies

Ivor Arthur Davies, AM (born 22 May 1955), known professionally as Iva Davies, is an Australian singer, songwriter, composer, multi-instrumentalist and record producer. 
Davies' music career spans more than 40 years. He came to prominence in the early 1980s as co-founder and lead singer of rock band Icehouse, becoming one of Australia's top rock stars of that decade. 
In addition to his work with Icehouse and his solo career, Davies has made music for television series and films. He is known for his work as composer for the film "". 
Early life.
Davies was born on 22 May 1955 in Wauchope, New South Wales, and was first attracted to bagpipes at the age of six. He played oboe with the Sydney Youth Orchestra and was a member of the Epping Boys High School Band where he also played the euphonium. He went on to be an oboe and composition student at the New South Wales Conservatorium of Music, but dropped out at age 21 to pursue a professional career.
Career.
1970s.
Davies first performed professionally as a 16-year-old musician with the Lucy Fields Jug Band. The band secured a recording contract with M7 Records, but the company changed hands shortly thereafter and the band's album was never released. In 1974, Davies performed Handel's Concerto for Oboe in E♭ major with Strathfield Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Richard Gill. Davies would later use his woodwind skills on some tracks with his band Icehouse, playing oboe on several albums and adding cor anglais to "Man of Colours", the title track of their sixth studio album.
In July 1975, Davies released his first single, “Leading Lady”, on the RCA label.
In early 1977, Davies was working as a part-time cleaner at a squash court in Lindfield, New South Wales managed by bass player Keith Welsh's mother. Davies and Welsh got together to form the band Flowers, rehearsing in a house next door to the squash court. In 1977, Davies re-established an old acquaintance with Cameron Allan, the director of Sydney-based independent label Regular Records; Flowers signed with the label in early 1977. In 1980, the band's debut album "Icehouse", which included the song "Can't Help Myself", reached the Top Five, making it the highest-selling debut album in Australia. To take advantage of this success, the band changed its name to Icehouse in 1981. The name was taken from a cold flat Davies lived in and the strange building across the road populated by itinerant people.
1980s.
In 1983, Davies and Icehouse went on a European tour with David Bowie.
In 1984, Davies was invited to Japan to write the lyrics and sing vocals for the track "Walking To The Beat" by Yukihiro Takahashi, for the album "Wild &amp; Moody". The following year "Walking To The Beat" was released as a single in Australia, New Zealand and the Netherlands. In 1985 Davies briefly joined Takahashi's touring band in Japan for the "Wild &amp; Moody" tour, where he met Steve Jansen.
In 1985, Davies and fellow Icehouse member Bob Kretschmer worked on the ballet "Boxes" with the Sydney Dance Company. In addition to scoring the ballet, they also co-wrote the script with Graeme Murphy. "Boxes" opened at the Sydney Opera House in December, and Davies performed in an acting/singing/dancing role to sold-out crowds for three weeks straight. 1985 also saw Davies win an APRA Music Award for Most Performed Australasian Music for Film for "Razorback". Davies was an early adopter of the Fairlight which he used to compose the music of the film. His score has been described as "pioneering" and "an important contribution to Australian film scoring".
In 1988, Davies and co-collaborator John Oates won an APRA Music Award for the Icehouse song "Electric Blue" (from the "Man of Colours" album) in the Most Performed Australasian Popular Work category. On 25 January 1988, Icehouse performed "Electric Blue" at the Royal Command, New South Wales Bicentennial Concert in front of the Prince and Princess of Wales at the Sydney Entertainment Centre.
1990s.
In the early 1990s, the Sydney Dance Company worked on creating a work which became the ballet "Berlin". As well as recording the score to the ballet, Davies performed live with Icehouse at each show. "Berlin" was an instant success and ran for two seasons.
2000s.
In 2003, Davies travelled to Los Angeles to record the soundtrack to the Peter Weir film "" with Christopher Gordon and Richard Tognetti. Together, they won the 2004 APRA/AGSC Screen Music Award in the Best Soundtrack Album category.
In 2005, Davies scored the miniseries "The Incredible Journey of Mary Bryant". On 6 November 2006, he won the 2006 APRA/AGSC Screen Music Award in the Best Music for a Mini-Series or Telemovie category. From 15 June 2008, Davies was a judge on Seven Network TV series "Battle of the Choirs"; his band Icehouse performed "Great Southern Land" on the grand final show won by the University of Newcastle Chamber Choir.
Personal life.
Davies lives in Whale Beach, New South Wales. He married Tonia Kelly in 1990; at the time, Kelly was the principal dancer at the Sydney Dance Company. The couple divorced in 2010. From his marriage to Kelly, he has two children, Brynn (born 1993) and Evan (born 1996).
Awards and nominations.
In 2013, Davies was honoured in the Queen's Birthday Honours as a "Member (AM) in the General Division" for services to music, entertainment and the community
APRA Awards.
The APRA Awards are held in Australia and New Zealand by the Australasian Performing Right Association to recognise songwriting skills, sales and airplay performance by its members annually.
ARIA Music Awards.
The ARIA Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony that recognises excellence, innovation, and achievement across all genres of Australian music. They commenced in 1987. 
Australian Songwriters Hall of Fame.
The Australian Songwriters Hall of Fame was established in 2004 to honour the lifetime achievements of some of Australia's greatest songwriters.
TV Week / Countdown Awards.
"Countdown" was an Australian pop music TV series on national broadcaster ABC-TV from 1974 to 1987; it presented music awards from 1979 to 1987, initially in conjunction with magazine "TV Week". The TV Week / Countdown Awards were a combination of popular-voted and peer-voted awards.

</doc>
<doc id="6956421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956421" title="Madmen of Mandoras">
Madmen of Mandoras



</doc>
<doc id="6956425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956425" title="Parkfairfax Historic District">
Parkfairfax Historic District



</doc>
<doc id="6956433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956433" title="Parkfairfax, Alexandria, Virginia">
Parkfairfax, Alexandria, Virginia



</doc>
<doc id="6956434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956434" title="Video mashup">
Video mashup



</doc>
<doc id="6956436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956436" title="Parkfairfax, VA">
Parkfairfax, VA



</doc>
<doc id="6956438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956438" title="Pachebel">
Pachebel



</doc>
<doc id="6956443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956443" title="Parkfairfax">
Parkfairfax



</doc>
<doc id="6956452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956452" title="Mark Mickan">
Mark Mickan

Mark James Mickan (born 30 January 1961) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Brisbane Bears and Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). Mickan began his senior career with South Australian National Football League (SANFL) club in 1981 and finished back at West Adelaide in 1994. All-Australian team selection in 1988 marked the pinnacle of his playing career. He has a sister, Patricia Mickan, who was a basketballer.
He coached SANFL club Woodville-West Torrens in 1998 and 1999, Glenelg for years from 2006 to June 2011, and West Adelaide from 2014 to 2017. In 2015, Mickan led West Adelaide to the club's first premiership since 1983 when they defeated Woodville-West Torrens by 30 points in the 2015 SANFL Grand Final. It was also Mickan's first premiership as a senior coach.
Mickan was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in late 2016.
Playing career.
Recruited from the Renmark Rovers in West Adelaide's country zone (Riverland Football League), the talented tall ruckman started his SANFL league career in 1981 and quickly established himself alongside Dexter Kennedy as the club's leading ruckman until Kennedy left to join Port Adelaide at the end of 1982. After a stellar 1983 season as The Bloods number one ruckman, Mickan was cruelly robbed of the chance to play in West Adelaide's Grand Final win (the club's first in 22 years) over Sturt due to a torn posterior ligament suffered in Round 20 of the 22 round regular season against Woodville at Football Park in the early game of a double header. His place in the side was taken by tall Dirk de Jong, who had actually retired from league football earlier in the year but was persuaded to come back after Mickan's injury by coach Neil Kerley.
Strong seasons in 1983, 1985 and 1986 resulted in his winning club Best &amp; Fairest awards, while in 1986 West coach John Cahill named him the team captain for the season. Following the 1986 SANFL season in which West Adelaide finished in seventh place, Mickan left to join the new Brisbane Bears playing in the Victorian Football League (VFL) in 1987. Mickan's qualities as a leader and player were instantly recognised with his new club where he was appointed the inaugural captain by coach Peter Knights. This is especially noteworthy given the team included 1986 club captain Mark "Chocco" Williams, who was appointed as Mickan's vice-captain, as well as the 1985 Brownlow Medallist Brad Hardie.
While the newly formed side suffered many crises during its early years Mickan's skills were recognised and he was named in the All-Australian Team following the 1988 Bicentennial Carnival played in Adelaide.
Mickan returned to South Australia to play for the newly formed Australian Football League (AFL) team the Adelaide Crows in 1991, winning Adelaide's inaugural Club Champion award despite missing the first three rounds of the season due to Crows coach Graham Cornes early preference for ruckman Romano Negri. While not selected for the Crows opening three games, Mickan played the required three SANFL games with West Adelaide to qualify for SANFL finals football. Mickan became West Adelaide's number one ruckman, and played a prominent role in helping the Kevin Morris coached Bloods to the SANFL Grand Final where they lost to North Adelaide in a spiteful match which featured several all-in brawls.
With younger ruckmen such as Shaun Rehn (West Adelaide) and David Pittman (Norwood) quickly hitting their straps for the Crows and his form dropping, Mickan gradually fell out of favour with The Crows and coach Cornes to the point that he only played two games for the club in 1993, and played the majority of the year with West Adelaide. His form for The Bloods saw Mickan win his fourth club Best &amp; Fairest award under the coaching of his original coach from back in 1981, Neil Kerley.
Following the 1994 SANFL season Mark Mickan retired from league football having played 139 SANFL games with West Adelaide, 48 VFL/AFL games with Brisbane and 37 AFL games with Adelaide between 1981 and 1994. Mickan also represented South Australia on five occasions through his career
Coaching career.
After retiring as a player Mickan continued to pursue his football interests as a coach. In 1998–99 seasons he coached Woodville-West Torrens in the SANFL, achieving 6th and 3rd-place finishes. Assistant coaching roles at AFL the Crows and in the 2000s followed.
In 2006 Mickan was appointed coach of Glenelg on a three-year contract. Glenelg finished sixth in his first year as coach and in 2007 Mickan led the Bays to their first finals appearance since 1999. In the finals they beat Sturt in the Elimination Final before going down to Woodville-West Torrens in the First Semi Final by six points and finished Fourth overall.
In 2008 Mickan was named SANFL coach of the year for Glenelg's rise to the top of the premiership ladder after the minor round.
After a series of disappointing finals' performances in 2009 and 2010 and a belief by the Glenelg board that he could not take the club any further, Mickan was sacked from the Glenelg coaching position on 20 June 2011.
In late 2011 it was announced by West Adelaide that the four time Best &amp; Fairest winner had been appointed the Football Manager at the club from 2012. He left the position before the start of 2013, but was appointed Bloods head coach for the 2014 SANFL season, replacing Andrew Collins who had chosen to return home to Melbourne after 6 years and one Grand Final appearance (2012) with the club.
Although West Adelaide slumped to a 6–12 record in 2014 to finish in 9th place (2nd last) after finishing 2nd in 2012 and 3rd in 2013, they bounced back in 2015 to finish the minor round with an 11–7 record and 3rd place on the SANFL ladder. Mickan then led The Bloods to their second Grand Final appearance in four years and their first premiership since 1983 when Westies defeated Woodville-West Torrens in the 2015 SANFL Grand Final at the Adelaide Oval on 27 September. His contract with West Adelaide was not renewed at the end of the 2017 SANFL season.
In season 2018 Mickan coached the Under 11 juniors at the Henley Sharks Football Club.
Mark Mickan was one of 113 inaugural inductees into the South Australian Football Hall of Fame in 2002 and is also a member of the West Adelaide Football Club Hall of Fame.
Mickan holds degrees in both Teaching and Psychology, currently teaching at St Michael's College, Adelaide.

</doc>
<doc id="6956459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956459" title="94.7 The Pulse">
94.7 The Pulse

94.7 The Pulse (callsign: 3PLS), is a community radio station which broadcasts to the region of Geelong, Victoria, Australia.
History.
"The Pulse" had been previously known as 3YYR, broadcasting on 100.3 MHz FM before becoming known as "Geelong Community Radio" on the same frequency. In 2001, frequency 100.3 MHz was issued to then-new commercial station Nova 100 in Melbourne, and the station was moved to its current frequency of 94.7 MHz FM and changed names to "94.7 The Pulse". Its studios which are based in 68–70 Lt Ryrie St, Geelong at the "Geelong Media Education Centre" is also a training facility for other forms of media.
The Geelong Media Co-operative—the then operators of 3YYR—operated the radio station for some period of time in conjunction with Diversitat, the operational arm of the Geelong Ethnic Communities Council, representing the ethnic broadcasters. The full-time licence then held by the GCRC was surrendered to the Australian Communications and Media Authority. The licence then passed to Diversitat, who have since maintained the mix of ethnic and broader community programming. The station is now run by a board drawn from the volunteer operators and has a representative on the GECC executive.
Frequency battle.
The frequency used by the station is not guaranteed for a future community radio service, and as such has become available in the longer term for a potential variety of alternate services.
In June 2007, an article appeared in the "Geelong Advertiser" stating that the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) wanted to establish a radio station in Geelong, and wanted to take over the frequency used by The Pulse. The Pulse has organised a campaign to protect the frequency.
On Monday, 18 August 2008, the Australian Communications and Media Authority announced a proposal which would see 94.7 The Pulse move to 91.9 FM with a reduced broadcast power of 3 kW, down from 56 kW
On 27 August 2009, the ACMA announced that the station would be able to keeps its frequency, with ABC Local Radio having to find another location to broadcast to the region. This followed widespread support from listeners and local government for The Pulse.

</doc>
<doc id="6956461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956461" title="Jūratė">
Jūratė

Jūratė is a Lithuanian female given name.
People named Jūratė include:

</doc>
<doc id="6956463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956463" title="Gerania">
Gerania

Gerania may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6956464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956464" title="Kastytis">
Kastytis



</doc>
<doc id="6956468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956468" title="Nadlik Beyakhad Ner">
Nadlik Beyakhad Ner



</doc>
<doc id="6956471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956471" title="Ian constable">
Ian constable



</doc>
<doc id="6956481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956481" title="Capitulare">
Capitulare

Capitulare may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="6956482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956482" title="Huddersfield and District Association League">
Huddersfield and District Association League



</doc>
<doc id="6956488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956488" title="Capitulare Haitonis">
Capitulare Haitonis



</doc>
<doc id="6956492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956492" title="Jose Espasa Anguera">
Jose Espasa Anguera



</doc>
<doc id="6956497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956497" title="Jose Espasa">
Jose Espasa



</doc>
<doc id="6956499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956499" title="Lou Rochelli">
Lou Rochelli

Louis Joseph Rochelli (January 11, 1919 – October 23, 1992) was an American Major League Baseball second baseman who appeared in five games for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1944. The 25-year-old rookie was a native of Staunton, Illinois.
Rochelli is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He played in five consecutive games (August 25-August 29) for the Dodgers, four against the New York Giants at the Polo Grounds and one against the Philadelphia Blue Jays at Ebbets Field. He went 3-for-17 (.176) with 2 walks, a triple, and 2 runs batted in. He handled 27 of 28 chances successfully for a .964 fielding percentage.
Rochelli managed the Dodgers farm system from 1947–1958, primarily with the Great Falls Electrics of the Pioneer League.
He died at the age of 73 in Victoria, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="6956500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956500" title="Bat Boy the Musical">
Bat Boy the Musical



</doc>
<doc id="6956502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956502" title="José Anguera">
José Anguera



</doc>
<doc id="6956506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956506" title="Jose Anguera">
Jose Anguera



</doc>
<doc id="6956509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956509" title="The Black Panther Party">
The Black Panther Party



</doc>
<doc id="6956517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956517" title="Enzyme Potentiated Desensitisation">
Enzyme Potentiated Desensitisation



</doc>
<doc id="6956528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956528" title="His Majesty's Australian Ship">
His Majesty's Australian Ship

His Majesty's Australian Ship (HMAS) (or Her Majesty's Australian Ship when the monarch is female) is a ship prefix used for commissioned units of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). This prefix is derived from HMS (Her/His Majesty's Ship), the prefix used by the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom, and can be equally applied to warships and shore bases (as Australia follows the British tradition of referring to naval establishments as stone frigates).
By the early 21st century, especially when RAN vessels were deployed as part of international coalitions, an unofficial, alternative prefix was sometimes used: "Australian navy ship" (which was not abbreviated). This was typically used in communications at sea with other navies or merchant vessels. This avoided any confusion that may have resulted from RAN ("HMAS") vessels serving alongside British RN ("HMS)" vessels and/or those of other Commonwealth navies.
On 10 July 1911, King George V granted the title of Royal Australian Navy to the naval forces of Australia. At the same time, the prefix and acronym were approved for use in identifying units commissioned into the RAN. The prefix had been used prior to formal approval, with the torpedo-boat destroyer commissioned with the HMAS prefix on 1 March 1911.
The prefix now refers to the monarch of Australia, who is also the King or Queen of the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="6956550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956550" title="Deja Vu (Code Lyoko episode)">
Deja Vu (Code Lyoko episode)



</doc>
<doc id="6956554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956554" title="Ruth DeWitt Bukater">
Ruth DeWitt Bukater



</doc>
<doc id="6956555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956555" title="Words for Love">
Words for Love



</doc>
<doc id="6956576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956576" title="Vasilissa">
Vasilissa

Vasilissa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6956578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956578" title="St.Kilda Football Club">
St.Kilda Football Club



</doc>
<doc id="6956593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956593" title="Australian embassy">
Australian embassy



</doc>
<doc id="6956596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956596" title="Trend analysis">
Trend analysis

Trend analysis is the widespread practice of collecting information and attempting to spot a pattern. In some fields of study, the term has more formally defined meanings.
Although trend analysis is often used to predict future events, it could be used to estimate uncertain events in the past, such as how many ancient kings probably ruled between two dates, based on data such as the average years which other known kings reigned.
Project management.
In project management, trend analysis is a mathematical technique that uses historical results to predict future outcome. This is achieved by tracking variances in cost and schedule performance. In this context, it is a project management quality control tool.
Statistics.
In statistics, trend analysis often refers to techniques for extracting an underlying pattern of behavior in a time series which would otherwise be partly or nearly completely hidden by noise. If the trend can be assumed to be linear, trend analysis can be undertaken within a formal regression analysis, as described in Trend estimation. If the trends have other shapes than linear, trend testing can be done by non-parametric methods, e.g. Mann-Kendall test, which is a version of Kendall rank correlation coefficient. Smoothing can also be used for testing and visualization of nonlinear trends.
Text.
Trend analysis can be also used for word usage, how words change in the frequency of use in time (diachronic analysis), in order to find neologisms or archaisms. It relates to diachronic linguistics, a field of linguistics which examines how languages change over time. Google provides tool Google Trends to explore how particular terms are trending in internet searches. On the other hand, there are tools which provide diachronic analysis for particular texts which compare word usage in each period of the particular text (based on timestamped marks), see e.g. Sketch Engine diachronic analysis (trends).

</doc>
<doc id="6956602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956602" title="Australian embassies">
Australian embassies



</doc>
<doc id="6956607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956607" title="List of Falkland Islands–related topics">
List of Falkland Islands–related topics

Duplicate: Index of Falkland Islands–related articles
The following is an outline of topics related to the British Overseas Territory of the Falkland Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="6956608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956608" title="Col Chewang Rinchen">
Col Chewang Rinchen



</doc>
<doc id="6956615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956615" title="H&amp;K G11">
H&amp;K G11



</doc>
<doc id="6956629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956629" title="Go Bang">
Go Bang

Go Bang or variants may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6956637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956637" title="Quick Assist">
Quick Assist

Quick Assist is a Microsoft Windows feature that allows a user to view or control a remote Windows computer over a network or the Internet to resolve issues without directly touching the unit. It is based on the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP). It is complemented by Get Help, a feature introduced in Windows 10 that enables the user to contact Microsoft directly but does not allow for remote desktoping or screen sharing.
Before Quick Assist was introduced in Windows 10, Windows XP and later Windows versions offered a similar feature called Windows Remote Assistance.
Overview.
Helpers offering remote assistance can open multiple simultaneous sessions—one for each remote computer. However, users seeking assistance from helpers can have only one remote assistance session waiting for a connection. Connect invitations can be sent to multiple recipients—any of which may connect. All subsequent connect attempts will be blocked until the first helper disconnects, after which another helper may connect. If the user disconnects the session, the remote assistance application terminates and no further connections are allowed.
Quick Assist is installed by default on Windows clients, but is not available on Windows Server 2008 R2 servers. The name of the tool differs depending on Windows language; a search for "Quick Assist" in the Start menu will locate the tool regardless of the language settings.
Quick Assist requests a code in order to match users to a session. This will allow the giver to access the computer of the receiver in Administrator mode while allowing the receiver to see the choices the giver made.
Connection.
Quick Assist uses TCP port 443 and communicates with the following hosts:
The Quick Assist binary is located at "C:\Windows\System32\quickassist.exe"
History.
The feature was first introduced in Windows XP as Remote Assistance and based on Remote Desktop technologies. Remote Assistance in Windows XP is integrated into the Help and Support Centre UI and allows sending invitations to the support person by email, Windows Messenger or saving the invitation as a file and transferring the file across through other methods. The computer can be controlled by both, the support person connecting remotely as well as the one sending the invitation. Chat, audio-video conversations and file transfer are available.
In Windows Vista, Remote Assistance is upgraded with a standalone user interface and based on RDP 6 and Windows Desktop Sharing API. Two systems administrators can simultaneously connect to a single computer. Remote sessions automatically reconnect after restarting the computer. It also supports session pausing, built-in diagnostics, chat, file transfer and XML-based logging. It reduces bandwidth requirements for low-speed connections. NAT traversal allows a session to be established even if the user is behind a Network Address Translation (NAT) device, for example, a router in a home network. Remote Assistance is configurable using Group Policy and supports command-line switches so that custom shortcuts can be deployed.
In Windows 7, Remote Assistance is based on RDP 7. An extra option to connect using Peer Name Resolution Protocol is added, called "Easy Connect" if IPv6 connectivity is present. With "Easy Connect", only a password needs to be shared instead of an "invitation file", and two computers can establish a peer-to-peer connection over the local area network (LAN) or the Internet without a relay server. However, Windows Remote Assistance does not support file transfer and clipboard sharing in Windows 7.
Remote Assistance is installed by default on Windows clients, but must be added manually on Windows Server 2008 R2 servers. Remote assistance sessions may be initiated using the Windows Remote Assistance application available on the Start menu under All Apps → Maintenance or by invoking codice_1 from command-line interface.
The original Remote Assistance is included on all releases of Windows 10 as well, but since the Windows 10 Anniversary Update, its Start menu shortcut is removed, effectively hiding it from the user. Instead, a new app called Quick Assist is added. It has mostly the same functionality and a similar user interface with buttons called "Get assistance" and "Give assistance". The design is like UWP apps. Unlike Remote Assistant, Quick Assist requires the support person to sign in using a Microsoft account before dispensing help.
In November 2021, Microsoft announced a more business-friendly version of Quick Assist, called Remote Help. While later versions of Windows 10 allowed users and technicians to authenticate against Azure Active Directory, this version includes new integrations such as:
While Remote Assistance establishes a Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) connection to the end user's computer (requires TCP port 3389 to be opened on the client machine and the firewall/NAT/router behind which the machine is), Quick Assist is cloud-based and requires one outbound connection from the helper's PC to the cloud service/Microsoft server, and a separate connection from the cloud service to the machine of the person getting assistance. There are no ports opened on the client device's firewall.

</doc>
<doc id="6956639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956639" title="Advocatus ecclesiae">
Advocatus ecclesiae



</doc>
<doc id="6956661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956661" title="Group 2 Rugby League">
Group 2 Rugby League

Group 2 is a rugby league competition on the north coast of New South Wales, Australia. Since 1966, run under the auspices of the Country Rugby League. The Group 2 area runs from Grafton in the north to Macksville in the south. Group 2 teams played for many decades before 1966 when some redistribution, amalgamation or control mechanism presumably changed. Teams on the Nambucca River, namely Bowraville, Macksville and Nambucca Heads played in a southern division against Kempsey, Smithtown, Port Macquarie and Wauchope before 1966.
Teams.
Clubs in 2024 Group 2 Competitions.
‡Smithtown's senior team is Lower Macleay Magpies, in Hastings League.

</doc>
<doc id="6956664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956664" title="Global history">
Global history



</doc>
<doc id="6956676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956676" title="Sound Grammar">
Sound Grammar

Sound Grammar is a live album by jazz saxophonist and composer Ornette Coleman, recorded live in Ludwigshafen, Germany, on 14 October 2005. The album was produced by Coleman and Michaela Deiss, and released on Coleman's new Sound Grammar label. It was his first new album in almost a decade, since the end of his relationship with Verve in the 1990s. It features a mix of new and old originals (some of the latter given new titles).
Reception.
Critics noted Coleman's unusual use of musical quotation: his solo on the blues "Turnaround" includes snatches of Richard Rodgers' "If I Loved You" and Stephen Foster's "Beautiful Dreamer"; even more unexpectedly, the theme of "Sleep Talking" begins with the same notes as Stravinsky's "The Rite of Spring". Critical reception for the album was highly positive: it figured at or near the top of virtually every jazz magazine poll at the end of 2006, including "Downbeat" and "JazzTimes".
John Fordham of "The Guardian" stated "At 76, sax revolutionary Coleman retains much of his old capricious energy - his whooping runs, long high notes, quivering tone and casual, spiralling descents still sound fresh, and a pin-sharp recording emphasises it. Two double-bassists join Denardo Coleman on drums, a lineup that seems to merge the free-swinging jazzy Coleman period of the early 60s, and the more abstract subsequent trio that featured the late classically trained bassist, David Izenzon. Fast, slithering bowed passages cross the second bassist's rolling pizzicato freewalk, while snare-drum patterns and rimshots snap at the heels of vivacious sax figures."
David R. Adler of "JazzTimes" commented "Ornette Coleman's quartet deals in moment-to-moment magic-the kind that defies documentation. But if Sound Grammar, recorded live in Germany, doesn't exactly match the excitement of being there, it does clear up the acoustic fog of the big halls in which Coleman usually performs. On this album we hear the interlocking arco-pizzicato dance of bassists Tony Falanga and Greg Cohen as never before."
Peter Marsh of BBC wrote "Ornette's alto remains one of the most recognisable sounds on the planet. Throughout this performance he sends out a continuous stream of melody. Not that this is news of course; that's what he's always done. But here (unlike Prime Time) he's given more space to breathe, and the results are frequently jawdroppingly beautiful. Coleman's trumpet playing has always remained a bit of a mystery to me, but his occasional bursts of sawed violin give a nicely visceral thrill."
Awards.
In 2006, "Sound Grammar" received a Grammy nomination for Best Jazz Instrumental Performance. The following year, it won the 2007 Pulitzer Prize for Music. Although Wynton Marsalis won a Pulitzer in 1997 for "Blood on the Fields", an oratorio on slavery, "Sound Grammar" is the first jazz work to earn the award.
Track listing.
All compositions by Ornette Coleman.

</doc>
<doc id="6956679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956679" title="Kvant (magazine)">
Kvant (magazine)

Kvant ( for "quantum") is a popular science magazine in physics and mathematics for school students and teachers, issued in print between 1970 and 2011. The magazine became an online-only publication in 2011. Translation of selected articles from "Kvant" had been published in "Quantum Magazine" in 1990–2001, which in turn had been translated and published in Greece in 1994–2001.
History.
"Kvant" was started as a joint project of the USSR Academy of Sciences and USSR Academy of Pedagogical Sciences. In Soviet time, it was published by Nauka publisher with circulation about 200,000.
The idea of the magazine was introduced by Pyotr Kapitsa. Its first chief editors were physicist Isaak Kikoin and mathematician Andrei Kolmogorov. In 1985, its editorial board had 18 Academicians and Corresponding Members of the USSR Academy of Sciences and USSR Academy of Pedagogical Sciences, 14 Doctors of Sciences and 20 Candidates of Science.
The last print issue of "Kvant" was published at the beginning of 2011. Then the print edition was closed making the magazine an online publication.
Availability.
All published issues of "Kvant" were freely available online.
Translations.
Quantum Magazine.
"Quantum Magazine" was a US-based bimonthly magazine published by the National Science Teachers Association (NSTA) from 1990 to 2001. Some of its articles were translations from "Kvant".
Kvant Selecta.
In 1999, American Mathematical Society published translation of selected articles from Kvant on algebra and mathematical analysis as two volumes in the "Mathematical World" series. Yet another volume, published in 2002, included translation of selected articles on combinatorics.
Other translations.
There were two books with selected articles from Kvant published in France by Jean-Michel Kantor 

</doc>
<doc id="6956683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956683" title="Sports films">
Sports films



</doc>
<doc id="6956685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956685" title="Advocatus ecclesiæ">
Advocatus ecclesiæ



</doc>
<doc id="6956688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956688" title="Jal Cooper">
Jal Cooper

Jal Manekji Cooper FRGS (29 March 1905 – 2 August 1972) in Mumbai, was an Indian philatelist, and an expert and authenticator of the postage stamps and postal history of India. Cooper was also a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society and the author of several philatelic handbooks. He was both a stamp dealer and a collector and was associated with philatelists like C. D. Desai, N. D. Cooper, and Robson Lowe.
Cooper is occasionally but erroneously credited with having discovered the Inverted Head 4 Annas. The 1891 reprints show that this error was already known. E. A. Smythies said the error was first discovered at a meeting of the Philatelic Society of London in 1874.
The "Jal Cooper Philatelic Society", in Varanasi, India, is named after him and India Post issued a 10 rupees commemorative stamp in 1997 depicting Cooper and Indian postmarks, on the occasion of INDEPEX 97.

</doc>
<doc id="6956695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956695" title="Stirling Theological College">
Stirling Theological College

Stirling Theological College is a former Australian Christian theological college located in Mulgrave, a south eastern suburb of Melbourne, Victoria.
History.
The Bible College, Melbourne was established by the Churches of Christ in 1907 in Carlton, Victoria, by Henry George Harward (died 12 April 1944), with Alexander Russell Main, MA (died 13 October 1945), as lecturer. Main was previously pastor of the Brisbane Church of Christ.
In 1910 the college moved to a new building on a property in the township of Glen Iris, re-established as the College of the Bible, a wholly owned institution of the Churches of Christ. Its initial intake was around 40 students. Two courses were offered: a three-year Bible course, from which successful students were issued with a Certificate of Proficiency, and a five-year course, entry for which required matriculation, after which successful students would be granted a Degree issued by the University of Melbourne, which body conducted various course modules.
By 1912 there were "44 students in residence, including two women students".
The second principal of the college was A. R. Main. He was succeeded around 1938 by one of the lecturers, Thomas Henry Scambler (died 31 October 1944) and in 1945 by E. L. Williams, MA.
It changed its name to Churches of Christ Theological College in 1989 when it moved to 44-60 Jacksons Road, Mulgrave and in September 2011 changed its name to Stirling Theological College in honour of former graduate and vice-principal, Gordon R. Stirling, who ministered in all Australian states and in New Zealand; after retiring he became editor of "The Australian Christian".
The college board sold the Mulgrave campus in 2020. In November 2022 the college announced that it was leaving the University of Divinity on December 31, 2022. It subsequently announced merger discussions with the Australian College of Ministries which is a Member Institute of Sydney College of Divinity. The substantial proceeds from the sale of the Mulgrave property are administered by the Stirling Theological College Trust, details of which can be located on the ACNC website.
Principals.
Three presidents of the council of the University of Divinity and its predecessors, the Melbourne College of Divinity and MCD University of Divinity, came from Stirling Theological College: K. R. Bowes (1978–79), W. Tabbernee (1986-1987) and M. A. Kitchen (2004-05). A. F. Menzies served as Deputy Chancellor of the University of Divinity from 2012 to 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="6956702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956702" title="Igor Shalimov">
Igor Shalimov

Igor Mihailovich Shalimov (; born 2 February 1969) is a Russian football manager and former player who is the manager of Fakel Voronezh. During his playing career, he played as a midfielder, primarily in the wide position.
Playing career.
Shalimov started his playing career in Spartak Moscow. After a few seasons with Spartak Moscow he transferred to Foggia in Italy. He then transferred to Inter Milan. He has also played in the Italian Serie A for Bologna, Udinese and Napoli, as well as MSV Duisburg in Germany and FC Lugano in Switzerland.
He was a member of the USSR national team which participated in the 1990 FIFA World Cup. After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, he represented the unified CIS team at the European Championship held in Sweden. He was one of a number of players who refused to play for then-coach Pavel Sadyrin at the 1994 FIFA World Cup. Two years later, in 1996, he was a member of the Russia national team for the European Championship held in England.
Shalimov ended his playing career in Napoli after being banned for two years for testing positive for nandrolone, a banned anabolic steroid substance. He has claimed that an anabolic containing nandrolone was given to him while he was hospitalized in Moscow, to stop an internal bleeding.
Managerial career.
Shalimov was appointed manager of Russia women's national team in 2008, before being promoted to deputy sporting director for national teams and selection at the Russian Football Union in 2011.
He was dismissed as the manager of FC Krasnodar on 2 April 2018.
On 5 June 2018, he signed a two-year contract with FC Khimki. He left Khimki on 2 April 2019, with the team in 14th place and three points above the relegation zone.
On 30 September 2019, he was hired by Russian Premier League club Akhmat Grozny. He left Akhmat on 26 July 2020 as his contract expired.
On 10 August 2021, he was hired by Russian Premier League club Ural Yekaterinburg. Shalimov was dismissed by Ural on 8 August 2022 after losing the first 4 games in the 2022–23 Russian Premier League season.
On 2 April 2025, Shalimov signed with Fakel Voronezh, with the club in Russian Premier League relegation zone at the time. Fakel was relegated to the Russian First League at the end of the season.
Honours.
Player.
Spartak Moscow
Inter Milan
USSR U21

</doc>
<doc id="6956705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956705" title="Pre-op">
Pre-op



</doc>
<doc id="6956712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956712" title="Leha'amin">
Leha'amin



</doc>
<doc id="6956722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956722" title="Advocatus Ecclesiae">
Advocatus Ecclesiae



</doc>
<doc id="6956724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956724" title="Prince Hisahito of Akishino">
Prince Hisahito of Akishino

 is the youngest child and only son of Crown Prince Fumihito and Crown Princess Kiko of Japan. He is the nephew of Emperor Naruhito and second in line to the throne after his father, Fumihito.
Preceding his birth, the paucity of male heirs in the imperial family had triggered the Japanese imperial succession debate, with some politicians favoring the abandonment of agnatic primogeniture which has prevailed in Japan since its monarchy was established in 660 BC, with eight exceptions (the last reigning empress being Go-Sakuramachi, ), and which remains the law of imperial succession under the post-war constitution of Japan. The birth of Hisahito in 2006 removed the need to make any non-traditional provision for the succession. He became, at birth, next in the line of succession after his uncle and father.
Birth.
Prince Hisahito was born at 08:27 JST (23:27 UTC) on 6 September 2006 at Aiiku Hospital, Tokyo. He was delivered by Caesarean section, two weeks early, after complications in the pregnancy.
Hisahito is the youngest of three children and only son of Fumihito, Prince Akishino, and Kiko, Princess Akishino. He has two older sisters, Mako Komuro and Princess Kako of Akishino. He was first seen in public on 15 September 2006, outside Aiiku Hospital.
Hisahito, the Prince's personal name, chosen by his father, means "serene and virtuous", according to the Imperial Household Agency. An alternative translation is "virtuous, calm, everlasting". 
Hisahito was the first male child born to the Imperial House of Japan since his father's birth in 1965. In January 2007, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe announced that he would drop an earlier proposal to alter the Imperial Household Law so as to allow women to inherit the throne. The proposal had been made on the basis of the fact that the brother and two sons of Emperor Akihito had, at the time, no sons of their own. Given Hisahito's birth, it now seems increasingly unlikely that the laws will be changed to allow Hisahito's cousin Princess Aiko, daughter of Emperor Naruhito, to become a reigning empress. The supporters of changes criticized the current law as it placed a burden on the few aging males old enough to perform royal duties as females left the family.
Education.
In the spring of 2010, Prince Hisahito began kindergarten at Ochanomizu University Kindergarten in Tokyo; on 14 December 2012, the Imperial Household Agency announced he would enter Ochanomizu University Elementary School in April 2013 so he could be with many of his friends from kindergarten. The prince thus became the first member of the Imperial House of Japan to receive his education at a school other than Gakushūin Primary School, which is also in Tokyo. By his second year, he was reported to be doing well at school, helping to look after first-year pupils and playing with his friends. In April 2019, Hisahito was enrolled in Ochanomizu University Junior High School. Police reports indicate that there was an assassination attempt on him there in May 2019.
In August 2019, he accompanied his parents on an official visit to Bhutan.
In March 2021, he was awarded a second-place prize in the junior high student category of Kitakyushu's 12th Children's Nonfiction Literature Awards. In February 2022, he was accused of plagiarism concerning that award-winning essay, which was about his trip to the Ogasawara islands. The Imperial Household Agency and Prince Hisahito acknowledged that the essay's citations were "inadequate" and that the prince would contact the organizers of the award with revisions. The award was not considered for revocation.
In April 2022, Hisahito was enrolled in . In April 2025, Hisahito enrolled at the School of Life and Environmental Sciences of the University of Tsukuba.

</doc>
<doc id="6956731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956731" title="Japanese South China Area Army">
Japanese South China Area Army

The was a field army of the Imperial Japanese Army during Second Sino-Japanese War.
History.
The Japanese South China Area Army was formed on February 9, 1940 under the control of the China Expeditionary Army. It was transferred to direct control by the Imperial General Headquarters on July 23, 1940. Headquartered in Canton, it was responsible for direction of the Japanese invasion of southern China, garrisoning Japanese-occupied Guangdong Province and controlling military operations in neighboring Guangxi Province. It was disbanded on June 26, 1941 and its component units were reassigned back to the China Expeditionary Army.
On March 9, the 106th Division was recalled to Japan for demobilization from Central China. It was disbanded in Central China in April 1940 never having reached South China.

</doc>
<doc id="6956736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956736" title="Bob Barthelson">
Bob Barthelson

Robert Edward Barthelson (July 15, 1924 – April 14, 2000) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the New York Giants in 1944. The , right-hander graduated from Hillhouse High School.
Barthelson is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. At the age of 19 he made his major league debut in a 4 July doubleheader against the St. Louis Cardinals at Sportsman's Park. Three weeks later, in his only big league start, he lost to the Pittsburgh Pirates at the Polo Grounds.
In a total of seven games he was 1–1 with 5 games finished, allowing 5 earned runs in 9 innings pitched for a final ERA of 4.66.
After his brief major league career ended, Barthelson became a pitcher for the West Haven Sailors, an independent semiprofessional team in West Haven, Connecticut, that scheduled games against Negro leagues and major league teams. He also pitched for the San Francisco Seals in 1945, for the Minneapolis Millers in 1946, and for the Sacramento Solons in 1947.
Barthelson died in 2000 in Branford, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="6956737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956737" title="Kimberly Moore">
Kimberly Moore



</doc>
<doc id="6956748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956748" title="Kimberley Ann Moore">
Kimberley Ann Moore



</doc>
<doc id="6956751" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956751" title="The Machine in the Garden">
The Machine in the Garden

The Machine in the Garden: Technology and the Pastoral Ideal in America is a 1964 work of literary criticism written by Leo Marx and published by Oxford University Press. The title of the book refers to a trope in American literature representing the interruption of pastoral scenery by technology due to the industrialization of America during the 19th and 20th century. For example, the trope notably appears in Henry David Thoreau's "Walden" (1854) when the whistling sound of a steam locomotive disrupts the natural landscape of Walden Pond. Marx uses this literary metaphor to illustrate the relationship between culture and technology in the United States as depicted in the work of American authors such as Herman Melville, Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nathaniel Hawthorne, Henry David Thoreau, Mark Twain, Frank Norris, Henry Adams, Henry James, and F. Scott Fitzgerald.
Synopsis.
Marx identifies a major theme in literature of the nineteenth century—the dialectical tension between the pastoral ideal in America and the rapid and sweeping transformations wrought by machine technology. This tension is expressed "everywhere" in literature by the recurring image of the machine in the garden—that is, the sudden and shocking intrusion of technology into a pastoral scene. "Within the lifetime of a single generation," Marx writes, "a rustic and in large part wild landscape was transformed into the site of the world's most productive industrial machine. It would be difficult to imagine more profound contradictions of value or meaning than those made manifest by this circumstance. Its influence upon our literature is suggested by the recurrent image of the machine's sudden entrance onto the landscape."
But Marx isn't interested so much in historical changes to the physical landscape. Instead, he looks at the interior landscape—"the landscape of the psyche"—and it is intelligently and well-written literature that he believes offers us the most useful and insightful direct access to the psyche. While popular culture traded on "puerile" and sentimental pastoralism—that is, the simple and unreflective urge to find a "middle ground" between the over-civilization of the city and the "violent uncertainties of nature" (28)—serious literature took a hard, careful look at the contradictions in American culture, and particularly at the conflict between the old bucolic image of America and its new image as an industrial power (26). It is the "role" of literature, argues Marx, to show us the "contradiction" of our commitments to both rural happiness and "productivity, wealth, and power."
One example of this image occurs in "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn". In Mark Twain's 1885 masterpiece, the garden is the raft, and the machine is the steamboat that smashes it apart—and along with it, the (impossible) dream of a free and independent existence for Huck and Jim. As the raft drifts ever southward, deeper and deeper into slave territory, it is increasingly clear that this existence is unsustainable. The raft, like Thoreau's cabin, represents an escape from society, freedom from restriction, and a sense of plenty all associated with the pastoral ideal. It "embraces all of the extravagant possibilities of sufficiency, spontaneity, and joy that had been projected upon the American landscape since the age of discovery." The steamboat represents the intrusion of social realities into this dream, and not just the intrusion of the reality of human enslavement. It is a representation of how machine technology conflicts with the pastoral ideal, and in the case of Huck and Jim, onto the southward-floating raft.
Marx concludes that literary artists—and Twain, Melville, and Hawthorne in particular—raised important issues and exposed important contradictions in American culture, showing how "the aspirations once represented by the symbol of an ideal landscape have not, and probably cannot, be embodied" and that "our inherited symbols of order and beauty have been divested of meaning." However, Marx does not believe that these artists offer any solutions to the problems they raise. They have "clarified our situation" but have not created the "new symbols of possibility" we need. Literature can expose problems, but for solutions we should look critically to politics for historical possibilities.

</doc>
<doc id="6956758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956758" title="Kimberley Moore">
Kimberley Moore



</doc>
<doc id="6956764" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956764" title="Kimberley A. Moore">
Kimberley A. Moore



</doc>
<doc id="6956775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956775" title="Giddings Independent School District">
Giddings Independent School District

Giddings Independent School District is a public school district based in Giddings, Texas (USA).
In addition to Giddings, the district also serves rural areas in southern Lee County as well as very small portions of neighboring Fayette and Washington counties.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="6956778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956778" title="Lexington Independent School District">
Lexington Independent School District

Lexington Independent School District is a public school district based in Lexington, Texas (USA).
Located in Lee County, very small portions of the district extend into Bastrop, Milam, and Williamson counties.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
The current Superintendent of the Lexington Independent School District is Dr. Cliff Lightfoot.
A. P. Kleinschmidt, a former LISD superintendent, is the father of current State Representative Tim Kleinschmidt from District 17 (Lee, Bastrop, Caldwell, Gonzales, and Karnes counties). The younger Kleinschmidt is an attorney in Giddings.

</doc>
<doc id="6956780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956780" title="Giddings ISD">
Giddings ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6956782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956782" title="Lexington ISD">
Lexington ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6956791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956791" title="Prince Hisahito">
Prince Hisahito



</doc>
<doc id="6956793" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956793" title="London Independent School District">
London Independent School District

London Independent School District is a public school district located in Nueces County, Texas (USA).
The district, located in Corpus Christi, Texas, has four campuses; London Elementary, which serves students in grades pre-kindergarten through second grade; London Intermediate, which serves students grades third through fifth grade; London Middle, which serves grades sixth through eighth grade, and London High school, which serves ninth through twelfth grade. The district's high school opened in 2011, and is a 3A school as of the 2020-2021 enrollment year, and serves 1,290 students in grades Pre-K through 12th. LISD contains 98 square miles; with the addition of a new Elementary building, and new Gymnasium wing completed in mid 2020. School mascot is a Pirate.
On July 1, 1991, the Santa Cruz Independent School District merged into London ISD.
In 2009, the school district was rated "exemplary" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="6956796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956796" title="London ISD">
London ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6956799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956799" title="Lockney Independent School District">
Lockney Independent School District

Lockney Independent School District is a public school district based in Lockney, Texas (USA).
Located in Floyd County, a very small portion of the district extends into Hale County.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
2009 fire.
A fire on January 11, 2009 destroyed the 80-year-old Lockney High School building and damaged the junior high building as well.

</doc>
<doc id="6956801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956801" title="Lockney ISD">
Lockney ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6956808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956808" title="Hisahito">
Hisahito

Hisahito is a masculine Japanese given name. People named Hisahito include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="6956822" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956822" title="Funny Games (2007 movie)">
Funny Games (2007 movie)



</doc>
<doc id="6956829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956829" title="Frank Pease">
Frank Pease

Major Frank Pease (September 22, 1879 - January 12, 1959) was president of the Hollywood Technical Directors Institute, an anti-communist activist organization during the 1920s and 1930s. His was best known for his opposition to Sergei Eisenstein's presence in the United States while the filmmaker was on contract with Paramount Studios. Due to Pease's campaign against the Russian filmmaker, the Fish Committee (predecessor to the House Un-American Activities Committee) investigated Eisenstein for contaminating American cinema with communist propaganda.
Family.
Frank Chester Pease was born in 1879, although some sources say 1881 or 1883, in Boston, Massachusetts. He also used the middle name of Clymer. On December 13, 1907, he married Belle de Mille Norris, 26, in Chicago while he was an art student studying sculpture. The couple had a daughter, Elizabeth, who died at the age of 6 months on June 28, 1909. The tragedy put a strain on the marriage and the couple divorced by the end of 1915. Pease married Mabelle Abbie Rose Abbott.
Military career.
Although Pease identified himself as a retired major in the United States Army, he held no such rank. He served as a private in 1902 and was attached to the Hospital Corps. He received a medical discharge in 1905 at the Presidio in San Francisco after serving at Cotabato, Philippines, where his right leg was amputated. He also suffered from bronchitis and hemorrhoids. He announced to the San Jose Mercury News in 1907 that he planned a world tour of foreign armies to learn their procedures and to help implement reforms in the U.S. Army, but his project never materialized.
Early politics and journalism.
Although Pease would embrace far right ideology, he flirted with the progressive movement and socialism. In Chicago, he briefly joined the Spirit Fruit Society commune, which eschewed materialism and advocated ending private property ownership. But his interest in the Spirit Fruit Society involved his attraction to Belle de Mille Norris, who was a member with only a cursory interest in the group's ideology. Belle left the commune and accompanied Pease to California. In Oakland during the first decade of the 20th century Pease became acquainted with author Jack London, an ardent socialist. 
He embraced for a short period the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW), a radical union, agitated against marital laws, supported prison reform and women's suffrage and welcomed unorthodox religions and cults. He expounded on these topics by contributing articles to radical magazines such as "The Forum" and "To-Morrow." He also was a contributor to "The Smart Set" and "The Seven Arts" magazines.
Hollywood.
Living a transient life for several years, he worked as a Red Cross field director in Fort Worden Point, Townsend, WA, during World War I. By the early 1920s, his writings of progressive politics had stopped, although he continued to write non-political articles for "The Smart Set" and art-related periodicals. It was during this period that his political ideology shifted from the progressive movement to the far right. He arrived in Hollywood on August 11, 1927, and began attending Actors' Equity meetings. He and his wife, Mabelle, lived on Sunset Boulevard in 1930 with their young daughter. He garnered a reputation among some actors for making wild accusations at Actors' Equity meetings that actors harbored communist sympathies. In 1930 he identified himself as a screenwriter, but there is no evidence that he wrote scripts or received screen credit. He also variously presented himself as a film director or agent, but there remains no evidence that he held any of these positions.
An early indication of the path Pease would take in film industry was an article he wrote for the January 4, 1929, edition of "The Film Mercury" in which he discussed the moral boundaries of dialogue in films as movies with sound became more common in cinemas. He argued that dialogue is a form of art and that audiences, and not film producers, should set limits on what constitutes moral and ethical dialogue. He essentially outlined an argument that it is appropriate for external forces to censor films.
In November 1929, he founded the United Character Actors' Association that purported to represent day actors, such as bit players and extras. However, day actors only earned $15 a day and Pease could not earn a living operating the association. His next project was the Hollywood Technical Directors Institute, which he operated out of his residence at 6557 Sunset Boulevard. There is no evidence that the institute had any employees or represented any technical directors. Pease identified technical directors as experts in their field, such as military personnel, who monitored the accuracy of specific professions depicted in movies and provided technical advice to film directors. Yet no film director had ever heard of Pease or his organization until Pease began issuing press statements that director Lewis Milestone's "All Quiet on the Western Front" (1930) was anti-American and anti-military. Pease characterized the film as "filthy" because it undermined the beliefs in the army and its chief source of inspiration originated from the Soviet Union.
Sergei Eisenstein campaign.
Shortly after his attacks on the Milestone film, Pease turned his attention to Sergei Eisenstein, the Russian Jewish filmmaker best known for "Ten Days that Shook the World" and "Battleship Potemkin." He was popular among the American left and cinephiles for his epic storytelling and affection for the masses. Paramount Studios invited Eisenstein to make pictures, and gave him a $100,000 contract and wide latitude to pursue film projects. Pease, however, began a letter-writing campaign to Jesse Lasky, vice-president of Paramount, and to Bud Schullberg, general manager of West Coast Productions at Paramount. Pease argued that Eisenstein was a communist propagandist. He also wrote a 24-page pamphlet, "Eisenstein: Messenger from Hell," that labeled Eisenstein as a "sadistic Jew steeped in Bolshevik atrocities." Eisenstein's filmmaking would undermine American values, Pease alleged.
Schulberg and other studio bosses were sensitive to anti-Semitic attacks, but they were more concerned with accusations of being un-American. Pease continued his attacks in letters, public statements and his self-published literature. Paramount remained resistant to the allegations, but artistic differences with Eisenstein, including adaptations of films that Paramount believed were not commercially viable, proved Eisenstein's undoing. Paramount terminated Eisenstein's contract in November 1931.
Whether Pease had any influence in getting Eisenstein fired from Paramount is debatable. He had no organized following and was often dismissed as a crank, but he also knew how to rattle studio bosses who were more concerned with accusations of being un-American than his anti-Semitic attacks. A combination of Eisenstein's cinematic vision, which clashed with Paramount's, and the negative publicity led to the director's departure.
Post-Hollywood activities.
In December 1931, Pease was in Paris, France, where he reported to police that he was drugged in a cafe and robbed of $1,000. He misidentified himself to police as an American diplomat. During this period, he was deported along with his wife from England for illegal distribution of anti-communist literature. According to an International News Service dispatch to a Boston newspaper in July 1932, he and Mabelle were deported by the British government on charges of "activities against the public interest." Pease spent three unproductive years in Europe in his attempts to agitate against communism. He returned to the United States in 1934. The Jewish Telegraphic Agency tracked Pease's activities throughout the 1930s, documenting his work as a fascist and anti-Semitic pamphleteer. In August 1937 he moved from New York to live in Coral Gables, FL.
He served as the National Commander of the American Defenders, originally called the National Film Committee of American Defenders, an anti-Jewish fascist organization founded in 1929 by Pease. By the early 1930s, American Defenders became primarily a publisher for Pease's pamphlets. Although anti-Semitic, Pease opposed the policies of Germany's National Socialism. He also was an avid supporter of the American fascist H. Keith Thompson and the anti-Semite William Gregg Blanchard II, the leader of the Los Angeles-based The White Front in the late 1930s and publisher of "Nation and Race" and author the booklet "Racial Nationalism."
Among Pease's published writings were "What I Learned in Nazi Germany" (American Defender Press, 1934) in which he attempted to link communism to the Third Reich, and "Pole to Panama: An Appeal for American Imperialism and a Defense of American Capitalism" (American Defender Press, 1935), which advocated American imperialism by controlling all lands from the North Pole to Panama as a means to solve internal and foreign problems. He also published through American Defender "The Hole in The Hauptmann Case?" (1936), which alleged that Richard Hauptmann was framed for the Lindbergh kidnapping, and "Technicians and Revolution: An Expose of Communist Tactics For Overthrowing The State" (1939)' 
Death.
Pease died in Dade County, FL, in 1959 and buried at Arlington National Cemetery. Mabelle died in 1966 and was buried alongside him.

</doc>
<doc id="6956830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956830" title="Wrackspawn">
Wrackspawn



</doc>
<doc id="6956837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956837" title="Mount Tacoma">
Mount Tacoma



</doc>
<doc id="6956847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956847" title="Eglė the Queen of Serpents">
Eglė the Queen of Serpents

Eglė the Queen of Serpents, alternatively Eglė the Queen of Grass Snakes (), is a Lithuanian folk tale, first published by M. Jasewicz in 1837.
"Eglė the Queen of Serpents" is one of the best-known Lithuanian fairy tales, with many references to Baltic mythology. Over a hundred slightly diverging versions of the plot have been collected. Its mythological background has been an interest of Lithuanian and foreign researchers of Indo-European mythology; Gintaras Beresnevičius considered it being a Lithuanian theogonic myth. The tale features not only human–reptile shapeshifting, but irreversible human–tree shapeshifting as well. Numerology is also evident in the tale, such as twelve sons, three daughters, three days, three tricks, three weeks of feast, nine years under the oath of marriage, three tasks given to Eglė by her husband to fulfill and nine days of visits.
Published sources.
The tale first appeared in print in 1837, published by M. Jasevičius in the literary collection "Biruta" in Vilnius. The tale was also collected by Polish writer Józef Ignacy Kraszewski and published in his historical work "Litwa".
Etymology.
"Ĕglė" is a popular female name in Lithuania. It is also a noun meaning tree species "spruce" (Latin: "Picea") and "fir", with cognates in other Baltic languages: Latvian "egle" 'spruce, fir', and Old Prussian "addle" 'spruce, fir'.
One of the main characters in this fairy tale is a grass snake (Lithuanian: "žaltys"), but because it seems to inhabit the sea-adjacent lagoon (Lithuanian: "marios"), the word may actually refer either to a mythical aquatic snake or a European eel ("Anguilla anguilla").
Synopsis.
The story can be subdivided into a number of sections each having parallels with motifs of other folk tales, yet a combination of them is unique.
A young maiden named Eglė discovers a grass snake in the sleeve of her blouse after bathing with her two sisters. The exact location of their bathing remains undisclosed. Speaking in a human voice, the grass snake repeatedly agrees to go away only after Eglė pledges herself to him in exchange for him leaving her clothes. Shocked, upset, hesitant (how can she, a person, marry a grass snake?), but in a hurry to get rid of the persistent snake-like reptile, Eglė agrees to marry, while not fully understanding the potential consequences and the gravity of her situation. Then after three days, thousands of grass snakes march into the yard of her parents' house. They come to claim Eglė as their master's bride and their future queen, but are tricked by her relatives each time. A domesticated goose, a sheep and then a cow are given instead of the bride to the legion of the grass snakes, but once they start a journey back home, the cuckoo, who is sitting in the birch tree, warns them about the deceit. Enraged grass snakes return for a final time and threaten everyone with dry year, deluge and famine. Finally, they take the non-fake bride, Eglė, to the bottom of the sea lagoon to their king.
Instead of seeing a serpent or a grass snake on the seashore, Eglė meets her bridegroom Žilvinas, who appears to be a handsome man - the Grass Snake Prince. They transfer to the nearby island, and from there to the underground underneath the sea, where a nicely decorated palace is located - Eglė's new home for eternity. The feast is going on for three weeks, and thereafter the couple lives happily together. Eglė bears four children (three sons (Ąžuolas (Oak), Uosis (Ash) and Beržas (Birch)) and one youngest daughter Drebulė (Aspen)). Eglė almost forgets about her homeland, but one day, after being questioned by her oldest son Ąžuolas about her parents, she decides to visit her home. However, Žilvinas (perhaps intuitively being afraid to lose his wife or sensing his fate) denies her permission to leave the Grass Snake palace. In order to be allowed to visit home, Eglė is required to fulfill three impossible tasks: to spin a never-ending tuft of silk, wear down a pair of iron shoes and to bake a pie with no utensils. After she gets an advice from the sorceress (a potential referral to the Lady of the Sea or Lady of the Cave) and succeeds in completing these three tasks, Žilvinas reluctantly lets Eglė and the children go. Prior to their departure, he instructs them how to call him from the depths of the sea and asks not to tell this secret to anyone else.
After meeting the long lost family member, Eglė's relatives do not wish to let her return to the sea and decide to kill Žilvinas. First, his sons are threatened and beaten with the scourge by their uncles, in attempt to make them disclose how to summon their father; however, they remain silent and do not betray him. Finally, a frightened daughter tells them the grass snake summoning chant:
All twelve brothers of Eglė call Žilvinas the Grass Snake from the sea and kill him using scythes. They do not say a word to their sister about the horrible crime they have just committed. After nine days, Eglė arrives at the seashore and calls her husband, but unfortunately only the foams of blood return from the sea. When Eglė hears her dead husband's voice and discovers how her beloved has died, as a punishment for betrayal she whispers an enchantment, which turns her fragile fearful daughter into a quaking aspen. Thereafter she turns her sons into strong trees - an oak, an ash and a birch. Finally, Eglė herself turns into a spruce.
Translations.
The tale was translated as "Spruce, Queen of the Grass Snakes". Hungarian scholar called it "Egle (Silver Pine), the Snake Goddess" and "Egle (Silver Fir), the Snake Queen".
The tale was translated into German language as "Egle, die Schlangenkönigin" by German professor in his book of Lithuanian folktales, and as "Das Weib des Schlangenmannes" ("The Wife of the Snake-Man"), which was published in "Mitteilungen der Litauischen literarischen Gesellschaft".
Analysis.
In folkloristics.
This tale is classified, in the Aarne–Thompson–Uther Index, as tale type ATU 425M, "The Snake as Bridegroom" (formerly "Bathing Girl's garments kept [until promise of marriage with aquatic being]"). These tales are closely connected to type ATU 425 ("Search for the Lost Husband"), ATU 425A ("Animal as Bridegroom"), ATU 425B ("Cupid and Psyche" or "Son of the Witch") and ATU 425C ("Beauty and the Beast"). As such, some versions avert the tragic ending by following the narrative of other tale types, like ATU 425A and ATU 425C.
According to Stith Thompson's reworked folktale classification, tale type AaTh 425M involves a magical formula or incantation to summon the serpent husband. This formula is learned by others, who draw the serpentine being out of its hideout to kill it. In this vein, in his study, Swedish scholar Jan-Öjvind Swahn noted that, in Lithuanian and Latvian variants, the formula is "unitarily formed", which is later learned by the snake husband's brothers-in-law via the youngest child.
In Lithuanian scholarship.
The tale is one of the most researched in Lithuanian scholarship, under different approaches, since "it represents the old Lithuanian worldview".
The tale has become the object of scholarly interest of ethnologist . In his analysis of Lithuanian folktales (published in 1936), he previously classified the tale as 425D*, "Žalčio žmona" ("The Girl as Wife to a Snake"), with 27 variants reported until then.
The story has also been considered an "oikotype", i.e., a form of the tale that is specific to a certain region (in this case, the Baltic geographical area).
Folklorist Norbertas Vėlius has also developed an academic interest in the narrative and analysed its elements ("the dual nature of Egle, the attributes of the snake, the types of plants") in relation to the folklore of other countries.
Motifs.
The serpent husband.
According to , a "traditional feature" of the tale type is that the supernatural husband lives under water. In this regard, in another version of the tale, the king of snakes is named Žaltys, and husband and human wife live in his palace at the bottom of the sea. The name of the serpent husband may also vary between tellings: Žilvinas, Zilvynas, Zelvynas, or Žilvytis.
Researcher Galina Kabakova cites that most variants feature a serpent husband: a snake, a boa, a winged serpent, even a Hydra-like dragon. In other variants, he is identified as the king of snakes or the spirit of the waters who lives in an underwater palace located in a lake, a river or a lagoon.
Scholar Jack Zipes provided another description of the tale type, wherein, besides the serpent, a seal, a dragon or sea monster may steal the clothes of the bathing maiden.
Some stories mention that the king of the grass snakes was wearing an amber crown or that he lived in an amber palace - a motif that recalls another Baltic fairy tale: Jūratė and Kastytis.
The children's transformation.
In another version of the tale, the story ends with the transformation of the heroines's four children and herself into trees: her into a pine tree, her sons into an oak, an ash, and a birch, and her daughter into a weeping willow. Other variations lie in the secret code the wife learns from her snake husband, and in the fate of the heroine and their children (sometimes all girls; sometimes all boys): they are either transformed into trees or into birds and disappear forever. In Swahn's monograph, he considered the bird transformation in other texts to be a "variation" on the motif of the tree transformation. Elena Bradūnas considered that the children's tree transformation was a "typical element" of the conclusion of the Baltic variants of type ATU 425M, and that the arboreal transformation was "typically Baltic."
The human–animal relationship.
The main storyline (marriage of human woman with snake that steals her clothing) is said to belong to a mythological background about snakes that may be very archaic to the European continent. It is also said that the ancient Lithuanians revered the grass snake ("žaltys"). Under this lens, the grass snake could be seen as a totemic ancestor, akin to the swan maiden, who plays the role of ancestress of many peoples.
According to Bernard Sergent, "human–animal marriage is a union that is too remote as incest is a too close one. Compared to a balanced marriage, between humans but from another clan or another village, that is to say–depending on the society–within the framework of a well measured endogamy or exogamy, incest transgresses the norm because it is an exaggerated endogamy, and animal marriage transgresses it because it is an exaggerated exogamy."
Lithuanian scholarship seems to agree with this assessment: the snake is the ruler of waters and represents a chaotic world. Its liaison with a human woman, which produces children, violates the boundaries between the world of land and the world of water and, by killing the snake, the natural order (that is, separation between land and water) can be restored. By using the magical incantation to summon the snake bridegroom, Egle builds a bridge between her world and the aquatic one (or an underground, chthonic realm).
Other interpretations focus on the intergroup marriage aspect of the story: Egle's family (brothers) would then represent male relatives fighting against a male from another family or clan to rescue their only sister, by torturing their nephews and niece (the fruits of this "spurious" union). Balticist , citing and Meletinsky, described the tragic fate of Egle's family as consequence of tribalism: her brothers kill the 'animal' husband because he belongs to another tribe or group, and, for bearing his sons, Egle and her children must also disappear.
Another view, espoused by scholar Eugenijus Žmuida, is that the tale harks back to a myth about a maiden offered as the bride to a snake (who represents a deity of waters). At first, she is hesitant and afraid, but relents and, after seeing that the snake can change into a handsome man, accepts him wholeheartedly. Žmuida also suggests that tales that lack family drama and friction might be the original forms of the story.
Possible antiquity.
Jan-Öjvind Swahn considered that tale type 425M was in fact a folk legend of possible "great age" that Latvians and Lithuanians have retained.
The tale about a snake spouse is also considered by Russian scholarship to be a "common Slavic" or "pan-Slavic" fairy tale, with possible Indo-European origins. Another line of scholarship states that the tale refers to an ancient "Balto-Slavic totemic myth".
A quantitative study, published by folklorist Sara Graça da Silva and anthropologist Jamshid J. Tehrani in 2016, seemed to indicate that the tale type shows a certain antiquity: based on a phylogenetic model, both researchers estimated that the ATU 425M type belongs to an "ancestral tale corpora" of the Balto-Slavic languages.
Although its ultimate time and place of origin cannot be settled with certainty, the Lithuanian myth has been compared with similar stories found among Native American peoples (Wayampi, Yahgan and Coos), which could be the result of an inherited Ancient North Eurasian motif featuring a woman marrying an aquatic animal, violating human laws on exogamy and connecting the terrestrial and aquatic worlds.
Variants.
Although it can be considered a tale type developed in the Baltic area, since most of the variants have been recorded there, variants are reported by scholar Leonardas Sauka to have been collected in nearby countries: 23 variants in Estonia (near Lake Peipus); 150 Lithuanian versions; 89 Latvian versions; 28 from Russia; 22 from Belarus; 6 in Ukraine; 3 from Poland; 2 from Bulgaria. Variants have also been found from Tatar (4 tales) and Kazakh (1 version) sources. Altogether, the variants collected outside Lithuania and Latvia, from 11 countries, amount to 106 versions. The tale is also said to be known in Germany, Finland and among the "Cheremis" (Mari people). Similarly, according to Russian folklorist , despite Stith Thompson's opinion that the tale type existed in Lithuania, it was also reported among East Slavs (in Ukraine, Russia and Belarus), in Poland, Bulgaria, and in Latvia and Estonia.
According to researcher Galina Kabakova, the fate of the children at the end of the tale is important to determine the origin of that particular variant (based on a geographical method): in the main Lithuanian versions, mother and children are transformed into trees, a motif that occurs in versions collected from the Belarus's border between Poland and Lithuania, and in Russian versions collected in Lithuania. On the other hand, if the tale ends with the transformation of the family into birds or reptiles, it is a tale from East Slavic origin.
Baltic region.
The tale type is recognized as being "most at home in the Balto-Slavic regions".
Lithuania.
According to scholar Norbertas Vėlius, the tale is "more common" in the eastern area of Lithuania, where "more than two thirds" of the variants have been collected. Variants collected at East Lithuania show the transformation of the children into birds. Following a less mythological approach, scholar Endre Bójtar suggested that its diffusion across Lithuania owes to the local snake cult, recorded in historical sources.
In a Lithuanian variant, "Das Mädchen und die Schlange" ("The Girl and the Snake"), a widow lives with her daughter in a house at the beach. One day, the girl is sent to wash some clothes at the beach when a wave crashes and carries them away. The girl begins to cry, but a voice tells her it will return the clothes if she becomes the voice's wife. She accepts it and goes back home. That evening, a giant snake comes out of the sea and knocks at the girl's door. She opens the door and answers to the snake's wishes: to be given food and to sleep next to her in her bed. The next day, the snake asks her to prepare the oven and to throw it in the fire. The girl obeys and a human prince appears. He explains she disenchanted him and he will make her his wife as the "Queen of the Seas" ("du wirst fortan Königin des Meeres sein"), in his palace in the middle of the sea.
In a Lithuanian tale translated to German with the title "Die Schlange Weißhaut" ("The Snake Whiteskin"), an old couple have three daughters and a son, and one day leave their children home while they go on a trip. After they leave, the girls go to pluck some flowers by the river and decide to enter the warm water for a bath. The girls leave their clothes on the shore and return to fetch, but the youngest girl finds a snake on hers. The snake promises to return the garments in case she promises to marry him, which she does. They return home and the girls tell their parents of the event. Years later, the snake himself prepares to fetch his bride and slithers from the lake. He sees a crow atop a tree and promises to reward the bird. The snake knocks on the human family's door and explains he is after his bride. The old parents try to trick the snake with a chicken, a sheep, a pig, a barrel and a pestle, but the crow alerts the snake about the deceit. Finally, the snake takes his bride and rewards the crow with a juostas and a kerchief. In the snake's house, the snake gives his bride iron shoes and a spinning wheel mixed with twigs, iron filings and wood splinters for her to wear down and untangle, respectively, before she can even visit her family again. She tries to do her tasks for years, as her husband told her, but cannot do so, and cries, when an woman neighbour offers her help and advises her how to perform the task: toss the shoes in an oven and let them heat up, and shake the wheel to remove the twigs and everything else and toss them in the oven to burn, then strike the hot iron shoes until they are thin enough. She does as instructed and shows her husband she has suceeded, then takes her back home six years after their marriage, and teaches her a magic command to open up the path back home. The girl returns home with two sons and a daughter and visits her old parents. The following days, the girl's only brother tries to bribe and threatens his nephews to reveal the secret command, but the boys refuse, save for their younger sister, who tells everything. The brother goes to the lake shore, summons the snake brother-in-law, called Whiteskin, and beheads him. Back home, the snake's bride is ready to leave, but her brother, father, mother and sister try to delay her by insisting she stays with them. She answers she would transform her elder son into an oak, the middle son into an ash tree, the younger daughter into an elm, and herself into a cuckoo. After leaving, she goes to the lake margin and tries to summon her husband Whiteskin, but the water foams blood, instead of milk, thus proving her husband is dead. Thus, the girl transforms her elder son into an oak, the middle son into an ash tree, the younger daughter into an elm, and herself into a cuckoo.
Latvia.
In Latvia the tale is known as "Žalčio nuotaka" or "Zalkša līgava" ("The Grass-Snake's Wife"). According to the Latvian Folktale Catalogue, the heroine curses her sons to become trees and herself to become a cuckoo.
In a Latvian tale, translated into Russian as "Невеста ужа" ("The Bride of the Snake") and into English as "The Sea Snake's Bride", three girls run to the beach to play in the water. The third girl leaves the water and searches for her clothes, only to find a snake lying on top of them. The snake makes the girl give her ring in exchange for the garments, and slithers back into the water. Three weeks later, the snake comes to get his bride in a grand golden carriage. Her family tries to trick him twice, first with a goose, then with a she-goat. The third time, he gets his bride and takes her to his underwater kingdom. The next two years, her mother goes to the sea shore and asks about her daughter. A toad and a crab jump out of the water to tell the woman the girl is doing fine. On the third year, the girl herself visits her family with her children, then returns to the water.
In another tale, "Das Schloß des Meereskönigs" or "Дворец морского царя" ("The Palace of the Sea King"), the son of the Sea King gets curious about the land above the sea and decides to visit it. One day, he meets a despondent fisherman on the shore, who laments to the sea prince that he has not caught any fishes. The sea prince tells he will help him, on the condition that the fisherman gives him the first thing that is on the shore (which happens to be the fisherman's only daughter). The girl is wreathing a flower garland that is swept off by the wind and falls on the sea. The sea prince takes her to his kingdom, marries her and she gives birth to two boys. Years pass, and the girl is missing life on the land. Her husband agrees to let her up on the shore, but she has to eat a loaf of bread (that does not diminish) and wear out a pair of shoes (that do not wear out). A little bird gives her a clue on how to fulfill both tasks and she tricks her husband. The girl visits her family, but her brothers consult with a nearby witch, who reveals the sons know how to summon their father. The girl's brothers torture their nephews in the bath house and they tell their uncles the secret command. The uncles go to the beach, summon the sea prince and kill him with spears. When the girl goes to the shore to return to her husband, she summons him and sees his head floating in the water. Her sons change into water and she returns to her human family.
In a Latvian tale from Ansis Lerhis-Puškaitis's () collection, from Jelgava, translated into Hungarian with the title "Hogyan lett a kakukk?" ("How did the cuckoo appear?"), a mother finds a louse in her house, fattens it and make a pair of shoes for her daughter. Her suitors are to discover what material the shoes are made of (tale type AaTh 621, "The Louseskin"). A water snake (a crested newt, in the original) announces it is a louseskin and marries the girl, taking her to its underwater palace. After some years, the girl wants to visit her human family, but the water snake sets a task: to wear down some pairs of iron shoes. She does and takes her three children with her. At the end of the tale, when she discovers the dead husband, she commands the elder son to become an oak, the middle child, a girl, to be a linden tree; the youngest into another tree; and herself into a cuckoo, to ever sigh over her lost love.
Finnic languages.
Estonia.
Tale type ATU 425M is also reported in Estonia, with the title "Ussi naine" ("The Snake's Wife"). A primary analysis by Estonian folklorist indicated 19 Estonian variants. However, in a later study by Estonian folklorists (who worked in conjunction with the Lithuanians), the Estonian archives registered 34 variants of the tale type. Geographically, the tale type is particularly reported from eastern and southern Estonia, "especially in the Setu region", where 9 texts have been recorded. Some variants begin with type AaTh 621, with the louseskin riddle, and, at the end of the tale, the serpent's wife becomes a birch or aspen and her children turn into bark or leaves.
In an Estonian tale titled "Ussi naine" or "Ussi naene" ("The Snake's Wife"), the maiden bathes with her sisters by the sea, the snake refuses to return her clothes, the heroine gives birth to daughters that become different tree species at the end of the tale.
In an Estonian tale translated into Hungarian as "A királylány bocskora", a king prepares two mantles, one made from louseskin, the other from flea skin. He sets a riddle for any suitors: whoever guesses the right material of both mantles, shall marry the princess. Human suitors test their skills. A snake slithers from beneath the well, goes to the king's court, and guesses the right answer. The princess is given to the snake as wife and goes with the animal to its home. The princess bears the snake man three daughters and goes to visit her family. Back to her castle, the princess's brothers express their distaste about their snake brother-in-law, and question their nieces about their home life. The youngest child reveals how they reach their house: their mother goes to the edge of a lake, sings a song and the snake father appears in a boat. The brothers go to the lake, summon the snake with the song and kill him as soon as he appears. Some time later, the princess takes her daughters and prepares to return home by summoning her snake husband, the boat appears dirtied with her husband's blood. The princess asks which of her daughters spilled the secret song (the youngest), and curses herself to become a birch tree, and her daughters to turn into parts of the tree (foliage, tree bark and membrane).
In an Estonian tale published by folklorist Oskar Loorits with the title "Die Schlangenbraut" ("The Snake's Bride"), a mother consults with a wise man the fate of her daughters: her two elders shall marry later, but the youngest shall soon meet her intended mate, a snake. Meanwhile, the girls are bathing in the lake. When they leave to get her clothes, the youngest finds a snake on her garments, which promises to return them if she becomes his wife. She agrees to his proposal and the snake comes later to take her to his underground palace. Years into their marriage, the snake takes off the snakeskin to become a man, and they have three daughters. One day, their daughters wish to visit their grandparents. The snake father allows them to go back to land and teaches his wife a song to open a passage back to mainland. Before they enter her parents' house, the girl warns her daughters to keep quiet about their life. The grandfather asks his grandchildren about where they live; the youngest girl tells him about the snake husband and the magical song. The grandfather goes to the lake with a rifle, summons the snake and shoots him. The next day, the girl and her daughters go back to the lake. She summons her husband three times, but he does not respond. Sensing something wrong, she inquires her daughters about it: the youngest confesses. The girl begins to cry and becomes a birch tree, her two elder daughters birch bark and the youngest a trembling leaf.
In a tale from the Lutsi Estonians collected by linguist Oskar Kallas with the name "Ussiks nõiutud mees" (German: "Der in eine Schlange verwandelte Mann"; English: "The Man Enchanted to be a Snake"), a couple prays for a son, and God gives them a snake. When the snake is older, he goes to a neighbour to court his daughters. He marries the elder in church. During the wedding festivities, the snake climbs onto her lap, but the girl shoos him away. On the wedding night, the snake kills her. This happens again with the middle sister. As for the youngest, she treats him with kindness and, on the wedding night, he takes off his snakeskin to become a handsome man. The man moves out of his parents's home with his wife to an island in the middle of the sea. They live together and have three sons. One day, the man's wife wants to visit her brothers, and the man teaches her a magic command to move from the island to the continent, while also warning her not to tell anything of their life to her brothers. She takes her sons to visit her brothers, and the brothers pry the children for anything. The youngest son reveals the secret command to his uncles. The uncles go to the beach, sing the song to summon the snake man and kill him. The man's wife goes to the beach and repeats the song to summon her husband, but he does not appear. She then questions her sons if any of them told anything about the secret song, and the youngest answers that he did. Crying, the girl becomes a birch near the shore, while her children become trees.
German scholar collected an untitled Estonian tale: a king has a daughter and three sons. One day, the princess finds a louse in her father's hair, who decides to fatten the bug and use its hide as part of a suitor riddle: whoever guesses the nature of the hide shall marry the princess. A large snake comes to the castle and guesses it right, then takes the princess with him as his bride to his abode in the sea. To the princess's surprise, the snake becomes a man at night, and after a year she gives birth to a son. The girl wishes to go back home to show her father the child, and, despite some reservations, the snake husband allows her to pay him a visit, by teaching a spell to access her watery home. Back to the castle, she spends some time with her brothers, who insist to know how their sister can return to the snake's home. After much insistence, the brothers learn of the secret command and go to the seashore. The two elder brothers try to summon the snake brother-in-law, but he recognizes their voices do not belong to his wife. However, the princess's younger brother mimics her voice and tricks the snake into coming out of the water, only to be beheaded by the princess's brothers. Some time later, the princess and her child come to the seashore and try to call out to the snake husband, to no avail, so the princess turns into a Maserbirke (a type of birch tree) and her son into a duck.
In a Seto tale collected by Estonian folklorist Ello Kirss Säärits from teller Maarja Kink, a king's daughter wears shoes made of fleaskin, and her father sets a challenge: whoever guesses the right material her shoes are made of shall have her for wife. One day, the princess is getting something in the castle's basement, when a snake appears and coils around her, trying to force the answers out of her. Fearing for her life, she tells the snake her shoes are made of fleaskin. The snake releases her. Later, many suitors come to the castle to make merry and try their hand at guessing, but the snake appears with the right answer and takes the princess with him as his bride. The snake takes the princess to a lake, they sail in a boat to an island and enter a castle filled with food and drinks. When they go to bed, the snake becomes a handsome youth at night, then goes back to being a snake in the morning. In time, the snake teaches the princess a secret command to call upon him from the island. Years later, the couple has two children, a boy and a girl, and the princess wishes to visit her human family, which the snake allows. The princess takes her children to meet her human family, and the princess's brother asks his nephew about their journey. The boy reveals the secret command to his uncle, who goes to the beach and summons the snake brother-in-law. The snake appears with the boat and the princess's brother shoots him with a gun, then returns home. Later, the princess takes her two children to the beach and calls upon her husband, to no avail. The princess's brothers invite her to come back to their father's castle, but the girl denounces them as her husband's murderers. She then turns her daughter into a birch, her son into a pine tree, and throws herself into the sea. Thus, the birch is a female tree and the pine a male tree.
Finland.
Tale type 425M is known in Finland as "Uuza Vedenkuningas" ("Uuza the King of Waters"), according to the Finnish Folktale Catalogue, established by scholar Pirkko-Liisa Rausmaa. Rausmaa also stated that the tale type was rare ("Harvinaisesta", in the original) in Finland, with its four variants collected from Ingria (Finnish: Inkeri).
Author collected a variant from the village of Voloitsa (Valyanitsy), on the Soikino peninsula. In this tale, titled "Wie die Trauerbirke entstanden ist" ("How the weeping birch came to be"), a rich man finds a louse on his daughter's hair, fattens it, kills it and makes a pair of shoes out of its hide. He then announces a contest to all prospective suitors: to guess the material of his daughter's shoes. A woman appears from the lake, becomes an old man and enters the court. She guesses correctly and takes the girl as daughter-in-law and wife for her son. Three years pass, and the girl has been living in a splendid underwater castle, but begins to long for home. Her husband agrees to let her visit her family with her son, teaches her a spell and give her gold to gift her family. She reaches home and spends some time there. Her brothers want to kill the underwater husband, so they leave early and wait by the lake with wooden bats. Their sister goes to the lake shore and summons her husband. As soon as he emerges from the lake, the brothers jump out of the hiding spot and beat the husband to death. The girl becomes a weeping birch and her son a tree branch.
Eastern Europe.
Professor Jack V. Haney stated that variants of type 425M appear "frequently recorded among the Russians", but "less frequently by Belarusians and Ukrainians".
Galina Kabakova notes that, among the East Slavic populations, the tale type ATU 425M assumes the features of an etiological tale: as remarked by professor Natalie Kononenko, it shows the origins of the cuckoo, the lark and the nightingale. In addition, in these variants, the mother-in-law is the one that kills the snake husband, and the heroine's son "almost always" becomes a nightingale.
In addition, another line of Russian scholarship states that the "etiological" tale of the snake husband is "common" ('распространенной', in the original) in Polesian tradition: a girl goes to bathe in the river, a snake sits on her clothes and asks her to marry him; they marry, she lives with him in his underwater palace and bears him a son and a daughter; later, she goes to visit her mother, who learns the secret command to summon the snake husband and kills him; upon discovering her dead husband, the girl turns into a cuckoo, her son into a nightingale, and her daughter into a swallow.
Moldova.
Lithuanian scholar Bronislava Kerbelytė, in a 2004 article, reported two variants in Moldova. In one sourced to Budjak, the heroine marries the serpent husband, called Osip, who becomes a man underwater, and bears him a son and a daughter; her mother kills the serpent, and she curses her daughter to become a swallow, her son into the Morning Star and herself into a cuckoo. In a tale sourced to Codrin, the heroine marries the snake and gives birth to two sons; the heroine's elder brothers summon and kill her husband, and she curses her elder son to become a well, the younger a spring, and herself into a willow.
Mari people.
In a tale from the Mari people titled "Слепая любовь" ("Blind Love"), some sisters go to bathe in the water. The youngest leaves and tries to find her garments, but a snake is lying on top of them and will only return her the clothes with the promise of marriage. She marries the snake. Three years later, the girl visits her family carrying her two children in tow, a son and a daughter. Her mother learns the secret command to summon the snake husband (called Isai Isanych) and kills the husband with a scythe. The girl sees the dead husband and commands the son to become a lark and the daughter a cuckoo, while she is washed away by the waves, never to be seen again.
Chuvash people.
In a tale attributed to the Chuvash people, "Про девушку и про ужа" ("About the girl and the snake"), three sisters run to the shore to play and bathe in the water. The elder two leave the lake and, take their garments and go home. When the youngest sister leaves and looks for her garments, the maiden sees a huge snake sitting on her garments. The snake promises to give it back if she marries it. She agrees; the snake returns the garments and teaches her a command to summon him, Yaku. The snake takes her to his splendid underwater palace and reveals he must suffer some time under a curse: he is human under the snakeskin. She returns home to her family with dresses and money to give her sisters, and to wait for her husband to fetch her. The snake appears in a carriage to get his bride and take her to his underwater realm. Three years pass, and the snake's human wife has given birth to a boy and a girl. She insists on visiting her parents and showing them their grandchildren, but her husband warns that disaster may loom upon their family. The girl visits her family and one of her sisters asks her what she does to return to her palace in the bottom of the lake. The girl naïvely reveals the command to her sister, who goes to the shore of the lake, summons Yaku and kills him. When the snake's human wife returns to the shore, she sees a cut off snake head floating in the lake. She then enchants her son to become a beetle, her daughter a dragonfly, and herself a cuckoo.
Tatar people.
In a tale from the Tatar people titled "Зухра" ("Zuhra"), an old couple try to have a child, but none of their children survive, until they have a girl they name Zuhra. The couple keep her safe from the world, until she is fourteen years old, when some girls from the village enter the couple's house and beg for Zuhra to join them for playtime in the water. The old woman allows her daughters to join the others. Zuhra goes with the girls to bathe in a nearby lake and leaves her clothes on the shore. When she returns, a black snake ("Чёрный Змей", in the Russian translation) is lying on them and asks the girl to marry it. Afraid to utter any word, the Black Snake then assures her it will come back when she is eighteen, and slithers back into the lake. Zuhra runs back home and tells her mother everything, and they fence the house, hoping it will keep the snake out. However, when the time comes, the sky darkens and a retinue of snakes, jinns and peris come to Zuhra's house in their master's name. The Black Snake then appears and demands Zuhra as his bride. The girl agrees to come with him to the lake. The snake wraps itself around Zuhra, they both dive into the lake and swim until they reach a large gate. Past the gate, the snake uncoils itself, hits a golden staircase and becomes a human man. The man explains he was taken by the genie race when he was little, but eventually became their leader, and the girl has nothing to fear. Zuhra accepts him and they marry. Three years pass, and Zuhra begins to miss home. She convinces her husband to let her go to the surface to visit her parents, and he gives her gold and silver to gift his mother-in-law. He also teaches her a command to summon him when she returns, and makes her promise to keep it a secret. Zuhra and her children go back to the surface world and visit the grandparents. After pestering her daughter with questions, Zuhra eventually tells her the secret command. The old woman places her grandchildren to bed, and, taking a saber, goes to the lake in the dead of night to summon the Black Snake (the "padishah of the jinn"). The Black Snake slithers off to the surface, and is beheaded by the old woman. She returns home. The next morning, Zuhra says her goodbyes to her mother and goes back to the lake. She tries to summon her husband, but, realizing something is wrong, she finds the snake's body. She buries it and curses her children to become a nightingale, a swallow and a starling, while herself becomes a dove.
In a tale from the Kazan Tatars, collected by Turkologist Ignác Kúnos with the title "Ajsélu", a woman has a daughter named Ajsélu who wants to bathe with her friends in the Ufer. After her friends leave the water, she goes to bathe alone and leaves her clothes on the shore. When she returns, a snake is lying on her garments and promises to return them if Ajsélu agrees to marry the animal. The girl agrees and returns home. After a week, Ajsélu and her mother are visited by a cadre of snakes that invade their house and take Ajsélu to the lake. Thinking her daughter drowned, the woman returns home. After three years, Ajsélu appears to her mother with two children in tow, a boy and a girl. Ajsélu says she is married to the Padishah of the Waters underwater, and life there is better, but her husband agreed to let her visit her family on land. The woman learns of the secret command to summon the Padishah, and insits Ajsélu spends the night there. When Ajsélu is asleep, the mother takes an axe, goes to the lake shore and summons the Padishah by calling on "Bikbau". The snake's haed emerges and she beheads him. The following morning, Ajsélu takes her children and go to the edge of the lake, then tries to summon her snake husband. After a while, she notices the water is red as blood, and realizes Bikbau is dead, so she curses her son to become a swallow, her daughter to become a nightingale, and herself to become a cuckoo. Then they fly forevermore.
Southern Europe.
Bulgaria.
Tale type ATU 425M is reported in the Bulgarian Folktale Catalogue with the name "Невястата на змея проклина децата си" or "Die Frau des Drachen verflucht ihre Kinder" ("The Wife of the Dragon curses her children"): a dragon sits on the girl's garments in exchange for marrying her; they wed and move to his palace at the bottom of the sea, where she gives birth to two children; the girl visits her family with her children and her daughter betrays the dragon's secret, which leads to him being killed by his brothers-in-law; the girl then curses her children to become trees.
Central Europe.
The tale is also said to be "very popular" in the Pomeranian region.
According to researcher Svetlana Ryzhakova, professor stated that in the Polish region of Suwałki, a legend is told of a girl named Egle or Egla who married a snake being that lived in an underwater crystal palace.
Central Asia.
In a Kazakh tale titled, "Красавица Миржан и владыка подводного ханства" ("Beautiful Mirzhan and the Ruler of the Underwater Khanate"), translated as "Mirzhan and the Lord of the Kingdom Under the Sea", Mirzhan, the beautiful only daughter of an old woman, is bathing in the water with some friends. Suddenly, a booming voice echoes from below the water asking the girl to marry it. The other girls flee in fear, while Mirzhan runs to the shore to get her clothes, but a snake sits on them. The snake asks the girl to be his wife and to live with him in his crystal palace. The girl accepts, if only to get her garments back. For the next week, her mother forbids her to set foot outside their yurt. However, a cadre of black snakes begins to slither out of the river to their house. The snakes take Mirzhan and disappear with her beneath the waters, as her mother grieves for her lost daughter. Some time later, as the old woman waits near the shore, she sees her daughter coming to her with two children, her sons. She explains she lives underwater and to return she only has to call on her husband's name: Ahmet. The old woman convinces her daughter to spend a night on her old home, while she goes in the dead of night to the shore to summon the snake spouse and kill him. The next morning, Mirzhan goes back to the shore to summon her husband, but she only sees a red tint in the river and her husband's head near the reeds. She then curses her daughter to become a swallow, her son a nightingale and herself into a cuckoo.
Africa.
Africanist Sigrid Schmidt stated that in African tales, the secret song known only by heroine and husband and learned by others who use it to betray the couple "connects ... also with the East European tale of "The Snake as Bridegroom"".
Scholar Hasan El-Shamy lists 2 variants of the tale type found in Algeria, under the previous name of the type.
West Africa.
Professor Loreto Todd collected a West African (Cameroon) tale titled "Bibaiyibaiyi an di papa-wata" ("Bibaiyibaiyi and the Papa-Water"). In this tale, the heroine goes fishing and a creature named Papa-Water appears to her, intent on marrying her. Papa-Water gives her plenty of fish and teaches her a magic song to summon him and the fishes. A group of boys overhears the incantation and summons Papa-Water to kill him. The story was considered by folklorist Dan Ben-Amos as belonging to the type 425M. He also claimed that this narrative was "a common African variation on the Cupid and Psyche theme".
In another West African folktale from the Mandinga people, "A noiva da serpente" ("The Serpent's Bride"), there lived two sisters, Cumba and Sira. Sira bakes flour breads with "hydromel" (mead) to take to a mysterious person. Cumba follows her sister to a location near the water, and sees Sira chanting a song to summon an enchanted serpent from the waters. After Sira leaves, Cumba returns home to tell her mother everything. The girl returns to the beach with an armed man and sings the song of invocation. The serpent emerges from the water and is killed by the man. Later, Sira eats some food her mother prepared and a hen reveals it is made from the flesh of the serpent. Saddened with grief, she decides to enter the sea and a wave washes over her.
Yoruba people.
In a tale from Yoruba people titled "The Beautiful Girl and the Fish", in a village a girl refuses all suitors, since she will only choose the most handsome man in the land. One day, she sees a man at the marketplace and falls in love with him at once, desiring to become his wife. The man says he wishes he could be her husband, but he is in fact a fish that lives in a river in Idunmaibo, to whom the gods have bestowed the ability to shapeshift into a man. The girl insists to be with him, and says she could visit him by the river. The man agrees and teaches her a magic song to call upon him by the river margin. They spend the days like so: the girl summons him, and he comes out of the water as man and gifts her gems and coral. Some time later, the girl's parents wish to marry their daughter, but she says she is already married, though she cannot disclose his identity. The next time the girl visits her fish lover, her little brother metamorphoses himself into a fly and follows her to spy on his sister's clandestine meeting, then reports back to their father. The girl's father sends his daughter away to some distant parents, then asks his son to lead him to the river at Idunmaibo. After they reach the river margin, they summon the fish lover with the magic song and the girl's father kills him with a hatchet. To further teach his daughter a lesson, he brings home the dead fish and his wife cooks a dish for his daughter's return. The girl refuses to eat the meal, but her father forces her to do it. While she is eating, her little brother sings some verses mocking the girl, mentioning how she is eating her own husband's flesh. Horrified at this revelation, the girl rushes to the river at Idunmaibo and prays to Oluweri, the goddess of the river, for her husband to appear alive; if not, "the face of the river" should appear red as blood. As answer to her plea, the river becomes red; she discovers her lover is dead and jumps into the river, becoming a "onijegi" (a mermaid). The tale was translated by africanist into German as "Das schöne Mädchen und der Fisch" and sourced from Nigeria.
American author Julius Lester published a tale titled "The Girl With the Large Eyes". In this tale, in a village in Africa, a girl with large eyes is considered very beautiful, and the subject of marriage prospects among the men in the village. In a certain summer, a drought strikes the land, affecting crops and water bodies. Due to this, the girl with large eyes has no time to think about marriage, for she is busy finding water for her family. One day, the girl is walking by the river margin, when a fish comes to the surface of the river and asks the girl to give her pitcher, for it will give her water. The girl is at first afraid of the talking fish, but fulfills its request and the animal fills her pitcher with cold, clear water. She brings it home to her family, and they ask her where she found it, but she remains silent. For the next days, the girl goes back to the fish to fetch water, and begins to fall in love with it, eventually becoming its wife. One day, however, the girl's father, a witch doctor, suspects his daughter has mixed up with spirits, and turns his son into a fly to trail behind the girl and spy on her. The girl's brother, as a fly, discovers the girl's liaison with the fish, and reports to his father, who fears their affair will bring shame to his family. Thus, he orders the girl at home and takes his son with him to the river, calls upon the fish and kills it. Then, he brings home the dead animal and throws at his daughter's feet, mocking her "husband". The girl, who is pregnant, takes the dead fish with her and walks to a place with flowing waters. Calling on her husband's name, she enters the waters. Drowning in the water, she gives birth to many children, which are water lilies. The tale was originally published as "Large Eyes Produce Many Tears" by Bakare Gbadamosi and Ulli Beier, and sourced from the Yoruba people.
Parallels.
Princess Himal and Nagaray.
Indian scholar Suniti Kumar Chatterji summarized the Lithuanian tale and stated that it "reminded" him of the Kashmiri story about Princess Himal and Nagrai (Nāgaray), the Prince of Nāgas. Indian scholarship states that the tale exists in the oral repertoire of the region, with multiple renditions appearing in both Persian and Kashmiri in the 18th and 19th centuries. In a variation of the story, Princess Himal is a human and her lover Nagaray is a nāga - a snake-like being that lives in a watery realm, and at the end of the tale deities Shiva and Parvati reunite both lovers by resurrecting their ashes in a magical spring.
Vodník (The Water Goblin).
Similarities can be found in "Vodník", a story written by Czech author Karel Jaromír Erben as a poem in the book "Kytice z pověstí národních" ("A Bouquet of Folk Legends"). The poem is about a water goblin who is sitting on a poplar by his lake, singing to the moon and sewing clothes for his wedding soon to come. A mother tells her young daughter of a dream she had about clothing her daughter in white robes swirling like foaming water and with pearls of tears hiding deep distress around her neck. She warns her daughter not to go to the lake but the daughter is drawn to the lake anyway. She leaves for the lake to do her laundry. The moment she hands down her first garment into the water, the bridge on which she was sitting collapses. As the water engulfs her she is abducted by the water goblin. He takes her to his underwater castle and marries her. After the birth of their first child, the abducted wife sings it a lullaby about her past, which enrages the water goblin. She tries to calm him down and pleads to be allowed ashore to visit her mother once. He gives in on three conditions: She is not to embrace a single soul, not even her mother; she has to leave the baby behind as a hostage; and she will return by the bells of the evening vespers. The reunion of mother and daughter is very emotional and they eventually hug despite daughter's promise. When evening falls the mother forbids her daughter to go even when the bells are ringing. The water goblin gets angry and thumps on the door, ordering the girl to go with him because his dinner has to be made. When the mother tells him to go away and eat whatever he has for dinner in his lair, he knocks again, saying his bed needs to be made. Again the mother tells him to leave them alone, after which the goblin says their child is hungry and crying. To this plea the mother tells him to bring the child to them. In a furious rage the goblin returns to the lake and through the shrieking storm screams that pierce the soul are heard. The storm ends with a loud crash that stirs up the mother and her daughter. When opening the door the mother finds a tiny head without a body and a tiny body without a head lying in their blood on the doorstep of her hut.
Legacy.
Toponyms.
Studies suggest that characters of the tale named several geographic features, such as toponyms and hydronyms of northwestern Russia, Pskov region.
In the 19th century, Polish writer published a study on the Augustów Governorate, and suggested that two places, a lake Jeglówek and a village Jegliniec (where a Lithuanian fortress was previously located), were connected to the name "Egle".
Cultural references.
Salomėja Nėris, a Lithuanian poet, wrote a poem called "Eglė žalčių karalienė" (1940), which is based on the motifs of the tale.
A bronze sculpture displaying Eglė and the Serpent by Robertas Antinis has been installed in Palanga Botanical Garden, Lithuania in 1960.
A ballet "Eglė žalčių karalienė" by and numerous plays have been staged in various Lithuanian theaters, for the first time in 1960, directed by Juozas Gustaitis.
The story has also inspired the creation of literary tales.
The tale also inspired a literary work by Latvian author , in 1880, with the title "Zalkša līgava".
A literary telling is attributed to Russian author Leo Tolstoy. In his tale, titled "The Snake", the serpent lies on the smock of a girl named Masha. Masha marries the snake and returns from the sea to her mother's house with her two children. Masha's mother is the one to kill the snake husband with a hatchet. After seeing the dead husband, called Osip in the story, Masha curses her daughter to become a swallow, her son to be a nightingale and herself to be a cuckoo.

</doc>
<doc id="6956850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956850" title="Sorcerer's son">
Sorcerer's son



</doc>
<doc id="6956859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956859" title="Lumines Plus">
Lumines Plus



</doc>
<doc id="6956862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956862" title="Mount Tahoma">
Mount Tahoma



</doc>
<doc id="6956864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956864" title="The One with Rachel's Big Kiss">
The One with Rachel's Big Kiss



</doc>
<doc id="6956869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956869" title="Marga Gomez">
Marga Gomez

Marga Gomez is a comedian, writer, performer, and teaching artist from Harlem, New York. She has written and performed in thirteen solo plays which have been presented nationally and internationally. Her acting credits include Off-Broadway and national productions of "The Vagina Monologues" with Rita Moreno. She also acted in season two of the Netflix series "Sense8".
At the start of the coronavirus pandemic, Gomez pivoted to adapting and presenting her work for live streaming. She has been featured in online theater festivals from New York to San Diego, as well as a five-week virtual run for Brava, SF where she is an artist-in-residence. She is a GLAAD media award winner and recipient of the 2020 CCI Investing in Artists grant.
Gomez has been called “one of the countries first out lesbians in comedy.” She began performing stand-up in the early 1990s, using her life experiences in monologues to perform on stage. She has created and performed a variety of solo shows inspired by her upbringing and family life.
Early life.
Gomez was born and raised in New York where she lived on 169th street. She is of Puerto Rican/Cuban-American ancestry. Her father, Willy Chevalier, was a comedian from Cuba, while her mother, Margarita Estremera, was an exotic dancer from Puerto Rico.
She attended a Catholic school for five years, then transferred to a public school, where she excelled in creative writing and humanities.
Gomez grew up in Harlem in the midst of the Latino entertainment scene of the 1960s. She later credited her parents for inspiring her unique comedic voice. Her parents' careers in entertainment influenced her desire to become an entertainer herself. She got her start in comedy, performing bits in her parents' variety shows before moving to San Francisco after college in 1979, at the age of 20 to pursue a creative career.
Career.
In San Francisco, she joined a variety of theater troupes. Among them were Lilith, a women’s theater ensemble which was founded in 1974 and produced many original plays until 1985. Gomez was also part of the San Francisco Mime Troupe and was a founding member of the Latino comedy group Culture Clash (performance troupe), which was founded May 5, 1984. She got her comedic start in the gay comedy clubs of San Francisco in the mid-1980s, including the Valencia Rose Cabaret.
Some of Gomez's numerous theater pieces include "Latin Standards", "Los Big Names", "A Line Around The Block", "Memory Tricks", "Marga Gomez is Pretty", "Witty &amp; Gay", "Jaywalker", "The Twelve Days of Cochina", "Marga Gomez's Intimate Details", "Long Island Iced Latina", "Not Getting Any Younger", "Pound", and "Lovebirds"
Gomez's solo performances address multiple personal factors that contributed to her life in important ways. Her performances range often address her sexuality and draw from her experiences within the queer and Latin communities. "Memory Tricks, Latin Standards" and "Marga Gomez is Pretty, Witty and Gay" all speak towards these attributes, among many others. 
"Memory Tricks" (1991) was her first solo performance, which explores her relationship with her mother and her mother's struggle with Alzheimer’s. Throughout this performance, Gomez speaks about the differences between gender roles and what is expected from women. Gomez contrasts the ideas of femininity with her own views of women within society. The performance ends with the subject of memory tricks and, how at the end of Gomez's mother's life, her memory was failing because of her Alzheimer’s.  
Marga has been produced Off-Broadway, nationally and internationally, and has appeared at San Francisco's Theatre Rhinoceros. In 2002, Marga co-wrote and co-starred with Carmelita Tropicana in Single Wet Female for a three-week sold-out engagement at New York's Performance Space 122 under the direction of David Schweizer. She has also joined the casts of The Vagina Monologues several times, sharing the stage with Rita Moreno, Jobeth Williams, Barbara Rush and others.
In 2015, Gomez presented her solo show, "Pound" at Dixon Place in New York City.
Along with her one-woman shows, Gomez has performed stand-up comedy in multiple venues across the United States. Throughout her different sets, she addresses her identity of being a Lesbian Latina who cannot speak Spanish, and the expectations people had of her because of it. She comments on these cultural expectations through stand-up sets. For example, she speaks about the L-Word, and how lesbians are represented within pop culture.
She tours nationally in concert, at universities, nightclubs, cruise ships, and political events. She has appeared on HBO's "Comic Relief", Showtime's "Latino Laugh Festival", Comedy Central's "Out There" and the PBS series "In the Life". Marga's comedy recording, "Hung Like a Fly", is available on Uproar Records. She is profiled in the 2003 award-winning documentary "Laughing Matters" along with Kate Clinton, Suzanne Westenhoefer and Karen Williams.
Gomez's film and television credits include HBO's "Tracey Takes On...", "Sphere", "Batman Forever" and Netflix's "Sense8: Christmas Special". She is featured in indie festival hits "Rosa Negra", "The D Word", "Desi's Looking for a New Girl", and "Fabulous".
Personal life.
Gomez is openly lesbian.
Awards, nominations, and critical reception.
In 2022 Gomez was awarded a United States Artists (USA) fellowship. Gomez won a GLAAD award for Off-Off Broadway theater in 2004. She received nominations in 2006 for the Drama Desk Award and New York Outer Critics Circle Award while performing at the 47th Street Theater. She was nominated for the NCLR Bravo award for outstanding performance by a female in a variety or music series in 1996. The late American actor and comedian Robin Williams said of Gomez, "Amazing, she's like a lesbian Lenny Bruce."
Selections from Gomez’s work have been published in several anthologies, including Extreme Exposure (TCG Books), HOWL (Crown Press), Out, Loud &amp; Laughing (Anchor Books), Contemporary Plays by American Women of Color (Routledge), When I Knew (Harper-Collins) and Out of Character (Bantam Books). Gomez was one of eight playwrights to be commissioned by the Mark Taper Forum's Latino Theater Initiative as part of the 2005 Amor Eterno project. She is the recipient of Theater LA's 'Ovation Award' for her collaboration with Culture Clash at the Mark Taper Forum.

</doc>
<doc id="6956875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956875" title="Philip Colfox">
Philip Colfox

Sir William Philip Colfox, 1st Baronet, MC, DL, JP (25 February 1888 – 8 November 1966) was an English soldier, farmer and Conservative Party politician.
Early life and military career.
Colfox was the son of Colonel Thomas Alfred Colfox of Coneygar, Bridport, and Constance, daughter of Edward John Nettlefold of Hallfield, Birmingham. Born in Bridport, Dorset, he was educated at Eton College and at Woolwich. Serving in 132 Royal Field Artillery (RFA) in Fermoy 1908-9 and Ewshott 1909-12 he joined 14 RFA at Allahabad 1912-14 and Secunderabad 1914. He served as a Major in France and Belgium in 128, 130, 129, G/38, 6DAC and D/162 RFA during World War I, and was wounded twice in 1917, receiving a Military Cross. He then taught classics and mathematics at Eton for the rest of World War I. In later life, when fully retired, he taught mathematics to children in Bridport as a volunteer.
Political career.
His father had started as a Liberal, but Colfox followed his mother's family – which included Joseph Chamberlain (Founder of the National Liberal Federation, Liberal Unionist Association and ), his sons Austen and Neville Chamberlain — first to become Liberal or then Unionists and later Conservative Unionists.
At the 1918 general election, Colfox was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Dorset North as a Coalition Unionist (majority 212) becoming in 1920 Private
Secretary (unpaid) to Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Pensions (George Tryon) and in 1921 Private Secretary (unpaid) to Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for the Colonies (Hon EFL Wood - Lord Halifax).
At the 1922 general election, he was returned to the House of Commons as MP for Dorset West with a majority of 4,548. Between 1922 and 1923 he was Assistant Government Whip.
In 1923 and 1924, he held the seat as a Unionist (majorities 3,013 and 6,662) and outspoken backbencher and from 1925 as a Conservative Unionist.
At the 1929 election, his majority was 4,326; in 1931, 5,239; and in 1935 it reduced to 2,090 following disparaging remarks made about his opponent Mr Chapel, a Welsh Methodist minister.
Refusing lesser honours, Colfox accepted a baronetcy in 1939 from his cousin Neville Chamberlain, speaking in the debate following the latter's resignation in support of the outgoing Prime Minister. He held the seat until his retirement in 1941. He served as High Sheriff of Dorset for 1946. He remained an Alderman of Dorset County Council until he died in 1966. He ran his farm based on sound organic principles in conjunction with his son John.
During World War II, he ran the West Dorset Home Guard as Lt Col. An inspection by the War Office recorded that he ran it in a most independent fashion. Mary, Lady Colfox recalled that he was irritated by this inspection saying: "What do they know about running a war in London?"
Family history.
Six hundred years after Sir Nicholas Colfox (on the instructions of Richard II and his feudal lord, the Duke of Norfolk) was involved in the murder of the King's uncle, Thomas of Woodstock, Duke of Gloucester (1397), Sir Philip had returned Colfoxs to the national scene. Sir Nicholas was pardoned by King Henry IV in 1404.
Colfox's family had a long connection with Symondsbury, Bridport. The family is first mentioned in the town records in 1280. In 1357 Peter Colfox was commissioned by Edward III to rebuild Marshwood Castle, sold by Colfox's brother-in-law in the early 20th century. In 1394, Sir William Colfox, Vicar of Chilthorne Dommer near Yeovil, witnessed an Inquisition relating to part of the Manor of Symondsbury which Sir William Philip Colfox inherited in 1924.
Personal life.
In 1920, he married Mary Frances Bullen (1892–1973), the daughter of John Bullen Symes Bullen of Catherston, Charmouth Dorset. They had 2 sons and 2 daughters: Thomas Andrew (1922–1936), (William) John (2nd Bart) (1924–2014), Susan Frances (1929–), and Bridget Alice (1931–2016).
He was a Unitarian worshipping in the Chapel in Bridport built by his ancestor Thomas Collins Colfox in 1797. In Bridport, he continued to teach children Mathematics and Classics and was Chairman of the Governors of the Colfox School, so-named in honour of his father who had given the land and refounded the previous Unitarian grammar school.
Sir Philip and cars were a notorious combination - he parked his car in Bridport perpendicularly to the pavement and policemen were warned that everyone else but him were to be fined. A daughter was asked at a party in Kent - "Are you related to that bad driver from Dorset?"
Colfoxes had been on the Bridport Bench as magistrates continually since the 15th century. On one occasion Sir Philip, Lady Colfox (and her brother, Jack Bullen) heard a misdemeanour offence against the couple's son charged by the police for the road traffic offence of leaving mud on a public road - which he freely admitted. John was defended by his brother-in-law. His father, mother and uncle found him not guilty and awarded costs against the police. This made local press but only in inside pages in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="6956902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956902" title="Lometa Independent School District">
Lometa Independent School District

Lometa Independent School District is a public school district based in Lometa, Texas (USA).
Located in Lampasas County, a small portion of the district extends into Mills County.
Lometa ISD has one school that serves students in grades pre-kindergarten through twelve.
Academic achievement.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Special programs.
Athletics.
Lometa High School plays six-man football.

</doc>
<doc id="6956903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956903" title="Surgery operation">
Surgery operation



</doc>
<doc id="6956911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956911" title="Roland VariOS">
Roland VariOS

The Roland VariOS is a production environment with audio editing and sample playback, released by Roland Corporation in 2003. It is based on the technology from the VP-9000 VariPhrase processor, and features the ability to mount two expansion cards.
Overview.
The Roland VariOS is a rack-mounted open-ended variable system module. It is possible to independently manipulate the pitch, time and formant of a sample, add effects and build complete audio-based arrangements—all in a real-time environment and without CPU drain. In addition, the VariOS can emulate two analog synthesisers: the Roland Jupiter 8 (referred to as VariOS-8) and Roland TB-303. While it's possible Roland intended more software synthesizers for the VariOS none were ever created for it apart from those two.
The VariOS can operate as a stand-alone tool or alongside digital audio sequencers using MIDI clock and MTC sync. V-Producer arrangements can be saved as a Standard MIDI File, and processed audio files can be exported in WAV or AIFF format for use in other editors and software.
The VariOS will attempt to boot from the PCMCIA card first (if VC-1 or VC-2 are installed), otherwise its internal VariOS program will load to be used in conjunction with V-Producer. You must manually engage the software synthesizer programs from the menu by holding down the menu and left arrow button and powering on the unit. The unit will have to be powered on and off multiple times to change each mode as there's no way to change it live in software.
Expansion cards.
Two expansion cards were released for the VariOS and V-Synth lineup. The VC-1 virtualizes a Roland D-50, while the VC-2 can allow vocal processing with an external microphone, with effects such as a vocoder and choir. Roland has not announced plans to release any future expansion cards. Furthermore, it appears the VC-2 is now out of production, with various sources claiming that Roland made a set number of cards in an "estimation" of demand.
The Roland VC-1 has two operating modes capable of enhancing the quality of the PCM playback, and the other with the more degraded 'classic' mode. It does not appear Roland has offered this feature on the D-50 Roland Cloud plugin.

</doc>
<doc id="6956912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956912" title="Cotulla Independent School District">
Cotulla Independent School District

Cotulla Independent School District is a public school district based in Cotulla, Texas, USA.
In addition to Cotulla, the district serves most of La Salle County, including the city of Encinal and the community of Fowlerton.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Lyndon B. Johnson was principal of Cotulla's Welhausen school (September 1928–May 1929), for $125/month. Later, he was the 36th president of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="6956914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956914" title="Canberra Rugby League">
Canberra Rugby League

The Canberra Region Rugby League competition is more commonly known as the Canberra Raiders Cup, covering the Australian Capital Territory and surrounding New South Wales towns Queanbeyan, Goulburn and Yass. The competition is run under the auspices of the Country Rugby League and players are eligible for selection in the Canberra Division of the CRL Tier 1 Divisional Championships. The Canberra district competition has an under 19s, reserve and first grade competitions.
History.
After the establishment of Rugby League in Sydney in 1909, the game slowly made its way south, reaching the Canberra District in the late 1910s. During those years and into the 1920s and 30s Challenge Cup football was the most popular form of competition, with a cup being donated as a prize for a game between 2 teams. The winning team would then have to defend the cup against all challengers. The most notable Challenge Cups in the Canberra region at the time were the Massey and Carr Cups which began in 1930 and 1933 respectively.
The first organised round robin competition was run in 1928 by Federal Capital Territory and District Rugby League. The winners of inaugural competition were the Acton Rovers and the next four years saw four different winners. The competition ran through until 1937 when interest in League began to dwindle.
The Group 8 Premiership began in 1932 and was strong enough to continue while interest in the game waned. Teams from Canberra, Yass, Queanbeyan and Goulburn competed for the title of premiers up until 1941, when all League competitions in the region were suspended due to the war. Competition resumed in 1946, with the Massey and Carr Cups only lasting the one season before being retired, while the Group 8 Premiership continued on strongly and was duly supported by ACT District Rugby League who ran a second division competition.
Some of the teams to compete during this period included Captains Flat, Crookwell, Braidwood, Goulburn Workers, Goulburn United, Queanbeyan and Yass in the Group 8 Competition while in the ACTDRL Second Division competition there were teams such as Ainslie, Causeway, Eastlake, Hall, R.A.A.F, R.M.C, South City and West City.
It was through the Second Division competition that the Molonglo Shield was established, first being played for in 1964 with Harman/NAVY taking out the inaugural title over the Canberra Rovers.
In 1967 Group 8 joined with part of Group 9 to form Group 8/9 or Zone 2. This was due to a CRL boundaries dispute in the Riverina, and saw Harden, Young and Wyangala Dam join the district competition. The Zone 2 format lasted until 1970 when CRL returned the boundaries in the Riverina to their original positions and Group 8 was restored.
In 1974 CRL officially recognised the Molonglo Shield as its own competition and gave it a Group number, Group 19. It was at this point in time that both Group 8 and Group 19 were strong enough to run first and second division competitions. The first division clubs ran firsts, reserves and Under 18's while the second division sides ran just one team.
Group 8 First Division consisted mainly of the teams which play Canberra Raiders Cup today, with the addition of Crookwell and Goulburn United. Group 8 Second Division was primarily for towns from around the Goulburn District including Taralga, Marulan, Bigga and Argyle. Braidwood also fielded a side in the competition.
Group 19 First Division comprised teams from around Canberra including Kambah, South Woden, Belconnen United and North Canberra. Batemans Bay also competed in Group 19 until 1977. Second Division was much like George Tooke Shield is today, with teams from Harman, Bungendore, Weston Creek and Captains Flat all competing for the title.
In 1980 Group 19 changed its name to ACTRL while in 1981 Group 8 changed to CDRL. In 1982 CDRL was granted entry into the NSWRL as the Canberra Raiders so the ACTRL took over the running of senior league in the district, combining the two groups to form 3 new competitions. The premier division still played for the Molonglo Shield, while the second division competition was split into North and South according to location within the District. In 1986 the two second division competitions were merged to form the Canberra Cup, which ran through until 1998.
In the meantime, a move by regional towns saw the establishment of the George Tooke Shield in 1995, which was aimed at clubs that wished to field firsts and under 18s but were not competitive enough for Molonglo Shield. In its first year 5 teams competed: East Canberra, Braidwood, Yass, Crookwell and Goulburn Exchange. While the Under 18s side of the competition only lasted 2 years, the George Tooke Shield has continued to expand, 9 clubs now competing for the title.
In 1998, after 35 years, the Molonglo Shield was retired and the Canberra Raiders Cup became the prize the first grade clubs competed for over a season. It is still that way today and the Shield still has its place in the game, awarded to the First Grade Minor Premiers.
Historic Competitions.
Group 8 Second Division/Crookwell RL.
Clubs.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="6956917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956917" title="Lometa ISD">
Lometa ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6956921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956921" title="Cotulla ISD">
Cotulla ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6956958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956958" title="Malayan Colleges">
Malayan Colleges



</doc>
<doc id="6956959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956959" title="Dime Box, Texas">
Dime Box, Texas

Dime Box is an unincorporated community and census designated place in Lee County, Texas, United States. The Dime Box Independent School District serves area students and home to the Dime Box High School Longhorns. It is named after what is now called Old Dime Box.
History.
In 1913, the Southern Pacific Railroad built a line three miles southeast of the original location of Dime Box. Most of the residents and businesses moved to a site near the tracks. From that point onward, the original settlement became known as Old Dime Box and the new community was referred to as Dime Box.
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers; generally mild to cool winters; and precipitation evenly distributed throughout the year. The Köppen climate classification describes the weather as humid subtropical.
Demographics.
Dime Box first appeared as a census designated place in the 2020 U.S. Census.

</doc>
<doc id="6956963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956963" title="Dime Box, TX">
Dime Box, TX



</doc>
<doc id="6956965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956965" title="The One After Vegas">
The One After Vegas

"The One After Vegas" is the sixth-season premiere of the American television situation comedy "Friends", which was broadcast on NBC on September 23, 1999. The plot continues from the previous episode; after their drunken wedding in Las Vegas, Ross and Rachel plan a quick annulment, and Monica and Chandler discuss moving in together. A subplot has Joey and Phoebe driving back to New York from Vegas, picking up a hitchhiker on the way. The episode was directed by Kevin S. Bright, written by Adam Chase and its production was documented for a Discovery Channel program.
Plot.
Ross and Rachel wake up in bed together, immensely hungover and unaware that they got married the night before. Joey joins Phoebe for breakfast, telling her his movie has been canceled. Monica and Chandler arrive and separately confess to Phoebe and Joey that they were also planning to wed but now worry that the relationship is moving too fast. When Ross and Rachel arrive, the others tell them they are married. They decide to get an annulment, leading to a large number of jokes about Ross' failed marriages, much to his anger.
Joey asks Phoebe to go with him on the long drive back to New York, to stop him from being lonely. She agrees but she is annoyed when Joey spends several hours asleep while she drives, and they switch over. As Phoebe sleeps, Joey picks up a hitchhiker. Initially outraged, Phoebe soon strikes up a friendship with the man, and gives him her number when he leaves. Joey asks for her forgiveness and they play car games.
Still unsure of where their relationship is going, Monica and Chandler look for signs that they should get married. They grow increasingly alarmed when all the signs are positive, and eventually Chandler suggests he just move into Monica's apartment with her, which she agrees to. Ross tells Rachel that he does not want three failed marriages and attempts to convince her to change her mind about the annulment, but she refuses and pressures him to get the annulment. He concedes and later tells her he took care of it, but reveals to Phoebe that he lied: They are still married.
Production.
The new sets constructed for the previous episode were left standing over the summer hiatus, allowing the production team to resume filming on the Vegas sets with minimal disruption. A discussion was held during rehearsals about the ink Ross and Rachel had applied to each other's faces in the previous episode; dialogue had established that it was permanent and Marta Kauffman was keen to show it was still there in the scene where Ross and Rachel arrive at breakfast, albeit fainter than before. Others preferred that it was gone completely and this was what was shown in the scene as filmed. There was worry that people would not understand the joke that indicated Phoebe had married someone in a Vegas wedding, but a vox pop of the audience showed they did.
During editing, three minutes and 40 seconds were trimmed from the episode to bring it down to the appropriate running time of 22 minutes. Additional time was created for this and future episodes by shortening the theme tune from 45 seconds to 35. Production required 52 takes, 14 scenes and seven rewrites.
Between seasons, Cox married David Arquette, becoming Courteney Cox Arquette. An in-joke reference to this is made in the opening credits, where the rest of the cast have "Arquette" appended to their names. The dedication "For Courteney and David, who did get married" appears during the fade out to the tag scene.
Behind-the-scenes footage, along with talking heads by producers, writers and cast, was filmed for an episode of "On the Inside", a Discovery Channel series. The programme was released in the United Kingdom in 2001 as part of a special "best of" VHS boxset. In 2004 it was included as an extra on the US season five DVD set, titled "The One that Goes Behind the Scenes", as well as on "The Best of Friends Volume Three" and "The Best of Friends Volume Four". It was re-released in the UK on the season ten DVD set under this same title.
Reception.
"Entertainment Weekly" rated the episode B+, praising Schwimmer and Aniston for spinning "new variations on Ross' and Rachel's twisted romantic fates" and citing the line "This is not a marriage—this is the world's worst hangover!" as the best line of the episode. The authors of "Friends Like Us: The Unofficial Guide to Friends" also mention this line, and praise the moments when Monica and Chandler act like newlyweds, however hard they try not to. They describe Ross's actions as "predictable" but wonder "just how far the writers will go before we all tire of Ross's self-centred, clinical logic trampling over the feelings of the very people he claims to love the most."
The episode was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Sound Mixing in a Comedy Series or Special at the 52nd Primetime Emmy Awards, but lost to an episode of "Ally McBeal".

</doc>
<doc id="6956977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956977" title="Dime Box ISD">
Dime Box ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6956980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956980" title="Holyrood election 2007">
Holyrood election 2007



</doc>
<doc id="6956983" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956983" title="Holyrood elections 2007">
Holyrood elections 2007



</doc>
<doc id="6956988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6956988" title="Swak na Swak">
Swak na Swak

Swak na Swak (), formerly known as Kabuhayang Swak na Swak ("perfectly fit business"), is a Philippine television informative show broadcast by ABS-CBN and Kapamilya Channel. Originally hosted by Amy Perez and Chase Tinio. It aired on ABS-CBN from August 21, 2006 to May 3, 2020, replacing "Kumikitang Kabuyahan". The show moved to ANC from June 7, 2020 to April 25, 2021 and Kapamilya Channel from October 3, 2020 to September 26, 2021. The program features ways, means and techniques of how to start, set up and maintain a certain business. Bobby Yan, Dimples Romana, Ahmir Sinsuat, Shahniza Sinsuat-Hermoso and Ethan Salvador served as the final hosts.

</doc>
<doc id="6957014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957014" title="The University of Edinburgh Management School">
The University of Edinburgh Management School



</doc>
<doc id="6957058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957058" title="Military Working Dog">
Military Working Dog



</doc>
<doc id="6957075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957075" title="Thai airways International">
Thai airways International



</doc>
<doc id="6957082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957082" title="Jabalcón">
Jabalcón

Jabalcón or Cerro Jabalcón is a mountain near the city of Baza in the province of Granada in Spain. It reaches a height of 1,494 metres above sea level.
At the foot of Javalon are the "Baños de Zújar" (baths of Zújar). They maintain a temperature over 30°C all year round, and are heated by a geo-thermal source underground.
The mountain also has a church situated on top as well as television and other communication towers. Paragliders frequently launch from the top of here as the mountain is surrounded by relatively flat land.
Geology.
Popular legend claims that this hill is an extinct volcano because of its dome-shape and the geo-thermal sources at its base. It is however an isolated limestone outcrop, made up of dolomite, similar to the composition of the Sierra de Baza mountains further away.

</doc>
<doc id="6957086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957086" title="Nelson Simpson">
Nelson Simpson



</doc>
<doc id="6957098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957098" title="Basta Sports">
Basta Sports

Basta Sports is a Philippine informative sports program created by the ABS-CBN Foundation (formerly ABS-CBN Lingkod Kapamilya Foundation) and airs weekly on ABS-CBN. It features different sports and sports icons.
The show hosted by Atom Araullo and Ketchup Eusebio, "Basta Sports" is a unique show about games and sports for today's youth. Produced by ABS-CBN Foundation, the show presents a particular sports' history, its mechanics and also teaches kids how to be active and healthy through participation in said sports. It is directed by Rene Guidote.

</doc>
<doc id="6957100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957100" title="Pia Lindstrom">
Pia Lindstrom



</doc>
<doc id="6957107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957107" title="Fremont High School (Nebraska)">
Fremont High School (Nebraska)

Fremont High School (FHS) is the sole public high school for the city of Fremont, Nebraska, United States. FHS operates grades 9–12; its enrollment for the 2022–23 academic year was 1633 students. The school's athletic teams are the Tigers and its colors are black and gold.
Athletics.
The Tigers compete in the Heartland Conference in the following sports:

</doc>
<doc id="6957108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957108" title="Paul Gillespie">
Paul Gillespie

Paul Allen Gillespie (September 18, 1920 – August 11, 1970) was a Major League Baseball catcher for the Chicago Cubs in 1942, 1944, and 1945. A native of the Sugar Valley Community in Gordon County, Georgia, he stood and weighed 195 lbs.
Gillespie is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He was a key reserve on the Chicago Cubs pennant-winning team in 1945. That was his best season, as he appeared in 75 games and hit .288 with three home runs, 25 runs batted in, and 12 runs scored. He played great defense, making just two errors in 45 appearances at catcher.
Gillespie hit a home run in his first major league at bat, doing so against the New York Giants at the Polo Grounds on September 11, 1942. He also hit a home run in his final regular season major league at bat, on September 29, 1945, against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Forbes Field. Gillespie and John Miller are the only two players in major league history to do both. Gillespie subsequently played in three out of seven games of the 1945 World Series, and went 0-for-6.
His career totals for 89 games include a .283 batting average (58-for-205), six home runs, 31 RBI, 17 runs scored, a .358 on-base percentage, and a .405 slugging percentage. In 56 appearances as a catcher his fielding percentage was .978, which was exactly the league's average during the time he played.
Gillespie died at the age of 49 in Anniston, Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="6957120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957120" title="Avishag Zahavi">
Avishag Zahavi

Avishag Kadman-Zahavi (; 1922 − 31 October 2021) was an Israeli professor emeritus of Plant Physiology at "The Volcani Center for Agricultural Research", Beit Dagan, Israel. She is best known for her close collaboration with her husband Amotz Zahavi, who developed together with her the so-called Handicap principle, a sociobiological approach to the theory of natural selection.
She was born in Haifa in 1922. A lifelong naturalist, Avishag Kadman met Amotz Zahavi at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem during their studies in the field of biology and married him in 1954. Since then, besides following her own field of research, she has collaborated with Amotz in the study of the babblers and in the development of his ideas, often serving as the "devil's advocate". Her research interests are basic and applied aspects of the effects of light on plant development (photoperiodism, phytochrome, photomorphogenesis).
After her retirement, Kadman-Zahavi continued her research at the "Yair center for agricultural research" at Hatzeva. She died on 31 October 2021. 
Avishag and Amotz Zahavi had two daughters and two grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="6957122" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957122" title="Sergei Kiryakov">
Sergei Kiryakov



</doc>
<doc id="6957125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957125" title="Sergey Kiryakov">
Sergey Kiryakov



</doc>
<doc id="6957127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957127" title="Alliance to Democratise the Forces">
Alliance to Democratise the Forces

The Alliance to Democratise the Forces (in Dutch: "Verbond tot Democratisering der Weermacht", VDW) was a Dutch political party representing military interests. The VDW played only a marginal role in Dutch politics.
Party history.
The VDW was founded as a political arm of the officers' union "Ons Belang" (Our Interest). The 1918 elections were the first election in the Netherlands which used a system of proportional representation. With only 7000 votes (0.5% of the votes) the VDW one seat, as did several other one or two person parties. After the elections the election law became more restrictive. Between 1918 and 1921 the VDW cooperated in the neutral parliamentary party, with other four one or two seat parties, namely the Peasants' League, the Economic League, the Middle Class Party and the Neutral Party. The parliamentary party was led by former minister Willem Treub. The alliance ended in 1921 when the Economic League, the Middle Class Party and the Neutral Party all merged into the Liberal State Party, together with two larger liberal parties. The VDW did not take part in the 1922 election.
Ideology &amp; issues.
The VDW was a typical special interest party. Its main goal was to represent the interests of officers and petty officers. It favoured the implementation of a conscripted army in which men would serve as soldiers and women as nurses. It wanted schools to teach more physical education and youth to do more sports and shooting exercises. It advocated free education and free healthcare for students. It wanted a stronger army and fleet. It favoured a more democratic army, with a stronger role for military unions, better salaries and pensions for officers.
Electorate.
The party drew probably most its support from military personnel.

</doc>
<doc id="6957140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957140" title="Sport films">
Sport films



</doc>
<doc id="6957144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957144" title="Rain / Bridge Over Troubled Water">
Rain / Bridge Over Troubled Water



</doc>
<doc id="6957146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957146" title="16th Military Police Group">
16th Military Police Group



</doc>
<doc id="6957147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957147" title="Verbond voor Democratisering van de Weermacht">
Verbond voor Democratisering van de Weermacht



</doc>
<doc id="6957156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957156" title="Transition flying car">
Transition flying car



</doc>
<doc id="6957169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957169" title="Coupland ISD">
Coupland ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6957170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957170" title="Coupland Independent School District">
Coupland Independent School District

Coupland Independent School District is a public school district based in the community of Coupland, Texas (USA).
Located in Williamson County, a very small portion of the district extends into Travis County.
Coupland ISD has one school, Coupland Elementary, that serves students in grades kindergarten through eight, and recently passed a bond to build a new Middle School opening in 2026. Students in grades nine through twelve attend Taylor High School in the Taylor Independent School District. In 1997, the Coupland School's Gym was used for scenes in the movie Home Fries.
The district had 296 students in the 2023-2024 school year.
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="6957176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957176" title="USARV">
USARV



</doc>
<doc id="6957181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957181" title="Davide Somma">
Davide Somma

Davide Enrico Somma (born 26 March 1985) is a South African former footballer who played as a striker. He played for the South Africa national team as a striker and his most notable spell was at Leeds United. In November 2010 Somma made his debut for the South Africa national side against United States. He now works as a Junior Coach for Long Island United. Somma also serves as the men’s club soccer coach for Stony Brook University.
Career.
Youth and college.
Born in Johannesburg, South Africa, Somma started playing football at the age of five for the Edenvale Football Club in his native Johannesburg. After moving to the United States with his family when he was 12, he attended Riverview High School in Sarasota, Florida, and played club soccer with the Sarasota Storm and St. Pete Raiders.
He played one year of college soccer at Tyler Junior College in 2004, scoring 13 goals and registering nine assists, and being named to the National Junior College Athletic Association (NJCAA) Region XIV first team. After one season with Tyler, Somma enrolled at Edukick (great camp), an international soccer school program, and joined the youth system of the Spanish team Logroñés, his Italian passport giving him the opportunity to pursue a career in Europe.
Professional.
Italy.
Somma signed a four-year contract with Italian Serie A club Perugia in 2004. However, Somma never played a game for the team as Perugia's president bankrupted the club and it folded six months later. Somma transferred to Pro Vasto, and played 39 games for the team between 2005 and 2007. He later played for Olbia before returning to the United States in 2008.
Major League Soccer.
Somma signed a developmental contract with the San Jose Earthquakes of Major League Soccer in September 2008 along with Michael Ghebru and made three regular season appearances for the club during the 2008 season, in addition to five reserve team appearances in which he notched two goals and three assists.
In December 2008 he joined the Generation Adidas team in London for a three-game tour of England and scored two goals for the squad as they faced the reserve teams of Reading, Chelsea, and West Ham United. In February 2009, Somma signed a senior contract with the San Jose Earthquakes, but was placed on waivers on 26 May.
Whilst at San Jose, he was a teammate of former Leeds United player Darren Huckerby, who encouraged Somma to find a new club in England.
Leeds United.
In July 2009, Somma took part in a trial with Queens Park Rangers and played in a pre-season fixture as a winger. After his trial at QPR, Somma took part in a trial at Leeds United, and earned an extended spell at the club. He scored in a pre-season friendly against Newport County and also scored in friendlies against Newcastle United and Hull City, and signed a permanent contract with the club in September 2009 on a one-year deal, with an option in the club's favour to extend the contract for a further season.
In signing for Leeds, Somma became the fifth South African to play for Leeds following Gerry Francis, Albert Johanneson, Lucas Radebe and Phil Masinga. In an LUTV interview, Somma said that, due to his Italian heritage, he and teammate Mike Grella can speak to each other in Italian. Somma made his debut for Leeds in a reserve game against Rotherham United, and marked the game by scoring two goals.
Somma was named in the Leeds squad for the Football League Trophy game against Darlington, and made his debut when he came on as a second-half substitute. His debut ended prematurely when he suffered a hamstring injury, which meant Leeds had to play the rest of the game with 10 men having used all their substitutions. After working his way back from injury and scoring regularly in the reserves, Somma returned to the Leeds first team squad when he was named as a substitute for a game against Leyton Orient on 23 November 2009.
On 26 November, Somma joined Chesterfield on loan until January 2010. Somma was given squad number 32, and made his Football League debut for the team on 2 December, starting a game against Crewe Alexandra. Somma had a penalty saved by Crewe goalkeeper Steve Phillips on his debut. Somma missed a number of Chesterfield's games through injury. After Somma's one-month loan spell expired on 5 January 2010, he returned to Leeds. He immediately returned to a Leeds first team squad when he was named on the bench in the FA Cup replay against Tottenham Hotspur.
After impressing whilst out on loan to Lincoln, Somma was handed a new one-year extension to his contract at Leeds.
Lincoln City loan.
On 25 February 2010, Somma joined Chris Sutton's Lincoln City on a month's loan to gain some more first 
-team experience and scored on his debut against Crewe Alexandra two days later. His second goal came against Hereford United. Somma's third goal came against Dagenham &amp; Redbridge in the 1–1 draw.
His fourth and fifth goals came in the same game against Torquay United, with Somma scoring a brace which helped earn a 3–2 win for Lincoln. He had scored five goals in five games during his loan spell, and thus became Lincoln's top goal scorer for the entire season. On 23 March 2010, City extended the loan of Somma until the end of the season. Somma scored a brace against Bournemouth taking his tally to seven goals in nine games for Lincoln. Later he scored his eighth of the season against Bury to secure Lincoln's survival in League Two for another year.
Somma then made it nine goals in 13 matches scoring Lincoln's only goal in a 3–1 defeat away at Aldershot Town. He was given a red card for violent conduct in his final game for Lincoln City. After the match, his loan spell expired and he ended the season as Lincoln's top goal scorer with nine goals. He also came third in Lincoln's player of the season awards. Manager Chris Sutton said after Somma's loan spell that he would love to bring Somma back to the club on a permanent deal if he was not in Leeds' first team plans.
Return to Leeds United.
2010–11 season.
Somma returned to Leeds United after his spell at Lincoln ended. Despite Somma's missing the first three competitive games of the season after his red card for Lincoln in the last game of the 2009–10 season, Simon Grayson has said Somma is part of his plans and will not be going out on loan for the 2010–11 season.
Following his suspension, Somma was available to return to the Leeds side against Millwall, and duly scored twice on his league debut after coming on as a 75th-minute substitute, as Leeds won 3–1. Somma claimed after his debut that he could replace Jermaine Beckford and score the goals the departed hitman previously scored for Leeds. He came into the starting line-up for the following match against Leicester City in the League Cup, scoring his third goal in two games. In his fourth game of the season, he scored his fourth goal of the season in the 5–2 defeat against Barnsley, with Somma scoring a late consolation goal for Leeds.
Somma's first league start for Leeds came in the match against Doncaster Rovers, Somma received the man of the match award after putting in an impressive performance where he hit the crossbar and also had a goal ruled out for offside. Somma scored his fifth and sixth goals of the season against Preston North End. He scored his seventh goal of the season with a left footed volley against Middlesbrough. In November 2010, Somma entered contract negotiations with Leeds over extending his contract, signing a three-year deal on 9 November. In December 2010, after reports circulated in South Africa that Somma had joined Swansea City on loan, Leeds denied the story and said that it was totally incorrect. After a spell out of the side, Somma came on as a substitute on 8 January against Arsenal. Leeds were 1–0 up when Robert Snodgrass scored a second half penalty, Arsenal equalised in the 90th minute when Cesc Fàbregas scored a penalty.
He came on as a second-half substitute against Scunthorpe United and scored his eighth goal of the season for Leeds. Seconds after coming on against Arsenal in the FA Cup replay, Somma nearly scored but instead put his shot wide of the goal. Somma scored his ninth goal of the season with his first touch of the ball after coming on as a substitute against Portsmouth. On 1 February, Somma made his first start since the 8 November and marked it with his 10th goal of the season against Hull City. Somma scored his 11th goal of the season against Coventry City. Somma continued his reputation as a super-sub when he scored his 12th goal of the season with his first touch versus Norwich City.
The phonetic similarities between his surname "Somma" and the season Summer have led to the popular terrace chant parody of the Mungo Jerry song "In the Summertime", which must be sung upon the very sight of the player on or off the field.
2011–12 season.
On 15 July 2011, Somma revealed via his Twitter page that he had torn his anterior cruciate ligaments during pre-season training and would be out for at least six months. After Somma revealed via Twitter the severity of his injury, manager Simon Grayson banned all Leeds United players' Twitter accounts.
Somma returned to light training during mid-December, stepping up his recovery from his cruciate ligament injury, meaning the player's recovery was well in front of schedule.
2012–13 season.
Leeds manager Neil Warnock said on 3 May that he hoped that Somma could return from injury during the 2012 pre-season and that he was looking forward to working with him upon his long-awaited return. Somma returned to light training for Leeds during September, It was revealed that Leeds were also looking to get Somma back playing reserve team matches to gain fitness from October onwards in the hope of him returning to the first team. Somma was set to play for Leeds' Under 21 Development Squad in December, however his playing comeback was delayed when two matches were postponed due to adverse weather conditions.
Somma was named in a Leeds United squad for the first time since the final day of the 2010–11 season when he was named on the bench for the League Cup tie against Chelsea on 19 December 2012. Somma was also allocated the number 28 shirt for the season. Somma made his first team return as a second-half substitute in Leeds 2-1 victory against Middlesbrough on 22 December. Somma scored his first goal in only his second comeback appearance with a consolation goal in a 4-2 loss against Nottingham Forest on 26 December.
Somma suffered a setback from his knee injury in February 2013, with manager Neil Warnock revealing Somma had come back too quickly and that he would scale down his training.
Somma returned to full training in April 2013, and revealed that he would be available to take part in Leeds' final 5 games of the season under new manager Brian McDermott. Somma returned to the Leeds team in Brian McDermott's first game in charge when he was named on the bench on 13 April against Sheffield Wednesday. Somma made his playing return as a substitute against Burnley F.C., however his return was short lived when it was revealed Somma had damaged his knee cartilage and required an operation. The latest setback put Somma's future at the club in doubt with his contract set to expire in June.
Following the expiry of Somma's contract in the summer of 2013, the South African was released from Leeds, however he was due to return to the club for pre-season training with the aim of proving his fitness and earning a new contract, however Somma decided against returning.
Post Leeds.
After being without a club since leaving Leeds and almost 'unofficially' retired from playing, Somma became a Junior Coach at Long Island United.
In February 2017, Somma tried to make a playing comeback when he and Striker Robbie Findley had a trial at MLS club New York Red Bulls, however both were unsuccessful with the trial and left the club on 15 February 2017.
International.
Somma was eligible to play for his home country South Africa and Italy due to his heritage. Somma also expressed desire to play for USA but was not yet eligible. However ex-Leeds captain Lucas Radebe confirmed that Somma told him he wanted to play for South Africa (Bafana Bafana).
In October 2010, new South Africa manager, Pitso Mosimane singled out Somma for special praise after impressing at Leeds United. Mosimane said; "We have good players playing in Europe and we have other players that we haven't called up. There is a striker who is constantly scoring goals, Davide Somma. He is busy scoring and I'm monitoring that. I'm monitoring whether he can add value to our team… it is not because he plays overseas" after mentioning a planned trip to Europe to take a closer look at some of these players.
Mosimane claimed in November 2010, that Somma might be called up for Bafana Bafana's friendly against USA on 17 November, in Cape Town On 10 November, Somma was named in South Africa's squad for the first time for the friendly against USA. He responded to the opportunity by saying, "I want to score goals, that is what feels good for me. I want to destroy them (the USA). . . . I wanted to play for them, but nothing ever happened so I just want to do it against them tomorrow."
On 17 November 2010, Somma made his debut for Bafana Bafana against USA, wearing the number 19 shirt. South Africa lost the game 1–0, with man of the match Brad Guzan keeping a clean sheet for the US. Somma was kept relatively quiet, although he provided a through ball in the first half to create one of South Africa's best chances of the match. Somma was substituted early in the second half.
9 February 2011, Somma scored his first international goal against Kenya in only his second cap for South Africa. 21 March Somma was called up to the South Africa squad to face Egypt, however he was an unused substitute. In May 2011, South Africa legend Lucas Radebe said he believed that Somma could be the next Benni McCarthy for South Africa. 5 June Somma came on as a late substitute against Egypt to earn his 3rd cap in a 0–0 draw between the two countries.
Honours.
Club.
Leeds United

</doc>
<doc id="6957188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957188" title="Octavio Machado">
Octavio Machado



</doc>
<doc id="6957192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957192" title="Joseph B. Poindexter">
Joseph B. Poindexter



</doc>
<doc id="6957194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957194" title="Olav Rastad">
Olav Rastad



</doc>
<doc id="6957196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957196" title="Together We Are One (song)">
Together We Are One (song)



</doc>
<doc id="6957197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957197" title="MAC-V">
MAC-V



</doc>
<doc id="6957198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957198" title="Olafur Orn Bjarnason">
Olafur Orn Bjarnason



</doc>
<doc id="6957201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957201" title="Okan Koc">
Okan Koc



</doc>
<doc id="6957203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957203" title="Oivind Holmsen">
Oivind Holmsen



</doc>
<doc id="6957204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957204" title="Odin Patino">
Odin Patino



</doc>
<doc id="6957208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957208" title="Ingram M. Stainback">
Ingram M. Stainback



</doc>
<doc id="6957209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957209" title="Odd Wang Sorensen">
Odd Wang Sorensen



</doc>
<doc id="6957210" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957210" title="German submarine U-183">
German submarine U-183

German submarine "U-183" was a Type IXC/40 U-boat of the German Navy ("Kriegsmarine") during World War II. She was commissioned on 1 April 1942, one of the first IXC/40 boats, somewhat larger and faster than the IXC type. She began her service life in the 4th U-boat Flotilla, a training organization, moving on to the 2nd, then the 33rd Flotilla, both operational or "front" outfits.
"U-183" was in the first wave of "Monsun boats" or Monsun "Gruppe", which operated in the Indian Ocean from Japanese bases in the occupied Dutch East Indies and British Malaya, mostly Penang.
Design.
German Type IXC/40 submarines were slightly larger than the original Type IXCs. "U-183" had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. The U-boat had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two MAN M 9 V 40/46 supercharged four-stroke, nine-cylinder diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced, two Siemens-Schuckert 2 GU 345/34 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged. She had two shafts and two propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, she could travel at . "U-183" was fitted with six torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow and two at the stern), 22 torpedoes, one SK C/32 naval gun, 180 rounds, and a SK C/30 as well as a C/30 anti-aircraft gun. The boat had a complement of forty-eight.
Service history.
After serving in the Atlantic, "U-183" sailed from France in July 1943, arriving at Penang on 27 October, and operated in the zone for almost two years. She carried out six war patrols including In March 1944, torpedoing the oil tanker British Loyalty that was anchored in the Addu lagoon in the Maldives. The tanker was damaged but not sunk.
The U-183 was sunk on 23 April 1945, 15 days before Germany's surrender, by the American submarine in the Java Sea. Only one crew member survived.
In November 2013 the wreck of either this submarine or has been located.
Wolfpacks.
"U-183" took part in three wolfpacks, namely:

</doc>
<doc id="6957213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957213" title="Verbond tot Democratisering der Weermacht">
Verbond tot Democratisering der Weermacht



</doc>
<doc id="6957218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957218" title="Verbond Democratisering Weermacht">
Verbond Democratisering Weermacht



</doc>
<doc id="6957223" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957223" title="Tristram Speedy">
Tristram Speedy

Tristram Charles Sawyer Speedy (also known as Captain Speedy; November 1836 – 9 August 1910) was a well-known English explorer and adventurer during the Victorian era.
Life.
Speedy was born in Meerut, India, a son of James Havelock Speedy, an army officer (a lieutenant in the 3rd Regiment of Foot, born in Dublin in 1811, died 1868 Mauku, New Zealand), and his wife Sarah, an army officer's daughter. After being educated in England, Speedy returned to India as an army officer himself. He served in the North-West Frontier Province from 1854 to 1860, receiving the Indian Mutiny, Punjab and Eufoszai medals.
While hunting in the Horn of Africa, Speedy was summoned to the court of Emperor Tewodros II of Ethiopia, who bestowed on him the title "Basha Felika" ('Sir Speedy' or 'Commander Speedy'). Tewodros employed him to train his army; however, Speedy fell out with the emperor and had to flee the country.
He then served as "locum tenens" and British vice-consul at the Red Sea port of Massawa. In early 1864, Speedy resigned to travel to New Zealand, where he served in the Waikato Militia. He was promoted to captain in 1864, and received the New Zealand War Medal.
During Britain's punitive 1868 Expedition to Abyssinia, Speedy's knowledge of Ethiopia was crucial to the commander, Sir Robert Napier. Speedy was recalled to join the expedition and received the Abyssinian War Medal. After an audience with Queen Victoria, Speedy was appointed guardian to Prince Alemayehu Simeon, the young son of the late Emperor Tewodros II, who had committed suicide rather than surrender to the British. Speedy's collection of Ethiopian objects from this time is now in the British Museum.
Speedy married Cornelia Cotton in England, then returned to India with his wife and the Abyssinian prince. He was stationed at Sitapur as District Superintendent of the Oudh Police from 1869 to 1871. During this time, he accompanied the Duke of Edinburgh (the second son of Queen Victoria) on a shooting trip in Nepal.
In 1871, Speedy sailed to the Straits Settlements in Malaya and became superintendent of police on the island of Penang. He resigned in 1873 to raise and command a body of Indian troops to restore order in Larut, a mining district in the Malayan state of Perak, for the Mentri (Chief Minister) Ngah Ibrahim.
In 1874, Speedy was appointed assistant British Resident of Larut and established the town of ‘Thaipeng’, meaning 'Heavenly Peace'. He remained there until 1877.
The following year his wife published a book about their travels after the pair had spent several months exploring Sudan.
In 1883–85, Speedy took part in the mission led by Vice-Admiral Sir William Hewett to the court of Emperor Yohannes IV of Ethiopia to negotiate the region's disputed borders. He returned to Ethiopia in 1897 as part of Rennell Rodd, 1st Baron Rennell's mission to the court of King Menelik to negotiate the Anglo-Ethiopian Treaty, which defined the border with Sudan.
Death.
Speedy, died on 9 August 1910 at "Chatsworth", Church Stretton, Shropshire.

</doc>
<doc id="6957238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957238" title="The Ike Reilly Assassination">
The Ike Reilly Assassination



</doc>
<doc id="6957242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957242" title="Kent Reliance">
Kent Reliance

Kent Reliance is a banking services provider and trading name of OneSavings Bank plc, based in Kent, England. It was founded in 1898 as the Chatham &amp; District Reliance Building Society, changing its name to the Kent Reliance Building Society in 1986 following the merger with the Herne Bay Building Society.
On 1 February 2011, Kent Reliance Building Society transferred its business to a new bank, OneSavings Bank plc, following the purchase of a stake in its business by private equity firm JC Flowers.
OneSavings Bank plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. It is a specialist lending and retail savings group authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority, part of the Bank of England, and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. It operates through specialist brokers and independent financial advisors in sub-sectors of the lending market. These sub-sectors include Residential Mortgages (comprising first charge, second charge and shared ownership), Buy to let/SME and Personal Loans. The bank is predominantly funded by retail savings originating from the Kent Reliance franchise.
History.
Chatham &amp; District Building Society.
The Chatham &amp; District Reliance was formed in 1898 by “12 prosperous local businessmen”, led by Booth Hearn, a solicitor. Despite the absence of the word in its name, it was created as a terminating society and it was not until 1913 that it converted to a permanent society under the name of Chatham &amp; District Reliance Permanent. It remained small and localized and did not have its first dedicated office until 1926. Its name was shortened to Chatham Reliance in 1953.
In the 1920s, the Society's policy was to expand through the use of agencies rather than branches and by 1928 it had agencies in 12 towns, mainly in north Kent but up as far as Lewisham and Penge in south London. By 1933, when it opened its first purpose-built office, assets exceeded £1/2m from more than 3,000 investors. By the early 1960s, assets had reached £3m, still very small given inflation and the growth of owner occupation. Branches were opened within Chatham in 1963 and in neighboring Gillingham the following year. There was even an opportunistic branch in Spalding, Lincolnshire but there is no evidence of that lasting long. The fifth branch, at Rainham, was opened in 1971. In 1977, the Society acquired the much smaller Dover District Building Society adding a little over £1m to assets.
There was increasing concern over larger societies “inducing” the Society's agents to move and there was an attempt to find mergers with other local building societies. This proved unsuccessful and the Chatham continued to grow organically until by 1980 its assets exceeded £50m from 35,000 investors; it claimed to be the 67th largest society out of 273. In 1984 it acquired the small Kent &amp; Canterbury adding £2m assets to a group total that had then reached £75m. Two years later came the more substantial merger with the Herne Bay Building Society. Comparative figures were not given in the Firth history; Chatham was described as much larger but the inclusion of Herne Bay took the total assets to £120m with 12 branches. In recognition of the importance of Herne Bay, the enlarged Society was renamed the Kent Reliance Building Society. (There is no connection between this Kent Reliance, which was formed by amalgamation in 1986 and the original Kent Reliance, which transferred engagements to the Alliance Building Society in 1948.) By the end of the 1980s property boom, assets had reached £200m and investors totalled 50,000. The ensuing recession led the Society to re-emphasise its agencies strategy and by the mid-1990s there were 20 agencies complementing its 12 branches. By 1998, the Society's centenary year, and the end of the official history, assets had reached £250m and Kent Reliance ranked 38 out of 79 building societies.
KRBS was the fastest growing building society in the UK between 2003 and 2008 and was a member of the Building Societies Association. The dramatic growth of KRBS was driven in part by the establishment in 2002 of a wholly owned subsidiary, Jersey Home Loans Limited, to buy the Jersey mortgage business of Standard Chartered Grindlays Bank Ltd. By September 2008, this subsidiary had mortgages on its books of over £700 million.
Transfer to OneSavings.
In July 2010, JC Flowers announced its intention to purchase a stake of Kent Reliance, forming OneSavings plc. The transfer of the business of the society to OneSavings was approved by a majority of members in November 2010. Kent Reliance Building Society converted into a provident society, Kent Reliance Provident Society, which owns a 59.9% stake in OneSavings Bank, with JC Flowers owning the remaining 40.1%. The transfer became effective on 1 February 2011 and OneSavings plc was renamed OneSavings Bank plc.
Recent years.
In August 2012, the company acquired InterBay Commercial, a specialist commercial and buy to let mortgage lender, established in 2006. In September 2012, the company acquired Prestige Finance, a specialist provider of secured loans.
In April 2014, the company established Heritable Development Finance, a joint venture with Heritable Capital, formed to provide financing predominantly for residential property developments for experienced property developers.
OneSavings Bank was the subject of an initial public offering in May 2014.
In December 2015, the company established Rochester Mortgages to acquire the mortgage book of a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank.
In March 2019, it was announced that the company would merge with Charter Court Financial Services. The £1.6bn deal was set to close in October 2019.
In March 2021, the company announced that it had identified potential fraudulent activity by one of its borrowers with the maximum potential loss from the incident estimated at £28.6 million. It stated that its results announcement would have to be delayed while an investigation was carried out by Smith &amp; Williamson.
In November 2023, One Savings Bank entered into a strategic partnership with nCino to create a single cloud platform that optimizes traditional banking processes (underwriting, mortgage, loan origination).
Operations.
KRBS was notable as the only member of the UK building society sector to have offshored administrative work to India, via its wholly owned subsidiaries, Easiprocess and EasiOption (now known as OSBI). The KRBS Group employed significantly more staff in India than it did in the UK.
Its operations include "Kent Reliance for Intermediaries" which offers loans for residential properties and "Precise Mortgages" which offers loans for new new build customers.
OneSavings Bank is made up of a number of specialist financial services businesses, each serving a distinct audience and need:
Sponsorship.
OneSavings Bank charity partners include Great Ormond Street Hospital, and the KM Charity Team. OneSavings Bank is a sponsor of the Kent County Football Association.

</doc>
<doc id="6957243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957243" title="Ike Reilly Assassination">
Ike Reilly Assassination



</doc>
<doc id="6957249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957249" title="Art Institute of California - San Francisco">
Art Institute of California - San Francisco



</doc>
<doc id="6957267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957267" title="The Virgin of Zesh">
The Virgin of Zesh

The Virgin of Zesh is a science fiction novella by American writer L. Sprague de Camp, the fourth book of his "Viagens Interplanetarias" series and the third of its subseries of stories set on the fictional planet Krishna. Chronologically, it is the fifth Krishna novel. It was originally published in the magazine "Thrilling Wonder Stories" for February 1953. It was first published in book form together with "The Wheels of If" in the paperback collection "The Virgin &amp; the Wheels" by Popular Library in 1976. For the later standard edition of Krishna novels it was published together with "The Tower of Zanid" in the paperback collection "The Virgin of Zesh &amp; The Tower of Zanid" by Ace Books in 1983. The first English language stand-alone edition was published as an E-book by Gollancz's SF Gateway imprint on September 29, 2011, as part of a general release of de Camp's works in electronic form. The novel has also been translated into German.
As with all of the "Krishna" novels and novellas, the title of "The Virgin of Zesh" has a "Z" in it, a practice de Camp claimed to have devised to keep track of them. Short stories in the series do not follow the practice, nor do "Viagens Interplanetarias" works not set on Krishna.
Plot and storyline.
Herculeu Castanhoso, assistant security officer at the Terran spaceport of Novorecife, looks on disapprovingly as his detested boss, security chief Afanasi Gorchakov, fraternizes in the spaceport bar with three new arrivals to the backward planet Krishna: the vainglorious amateur poet Brian Kirwan, psychologist Gottfried Barr, and missionary Althea Merrick. Althea has been left stranded and without resources because the unreliable Bishop Harichand Raman, her superior in the Ecumenical Monotheist Church, has failed to meet and provide her with her first assignment. Kirwan, bound with Barr for a utopian Terran colony on the island of Zesh, is trying to persuade her to join them, while Gorchakov is pressuring her to marry him. Trying to prevent a fight between the two, Althea is caught between them and knocked out, whereupon the security chief fells Kirwan and peremptorily orders Castanhoso to get the other men out of the bar. He is last seen pouring "kvad" down teetotaler Althea's throat in an effort to revive her.
Althea awakens in Gorchakov's apartment to discover that she consented to marry him while drunk and is now hitched. Panicking, she rejects him and tries to escape. Enraged, he strips and whips her until she breaks free and brains him with an alarm clock. Slipping out, she seeks Kirwan and Barr, who agree to spirit her out of Novorecife with Castanhoso's help and take her with them to Zesh. She is to be Barr's assistant in his project of measuring the intelligence of the primitive tailed Krishnans of Zá, the island adjacent to Zesh, whose culture has recently made startling advances. The three take flight by buggy down the Pichide River to the coastal fishing village of Qadr, whence they cross by ferry to the Free City of Majbur. There they seek the aid of Krishnan Gorbovast Bad-Sár, resident commissioner of the king of Gozashtand and well-known benefactor of Terran travelers. He gets them on the next ship out to Zesh, the "Labághti", captained by Memzadá of Darya.
During the voyage, Althea is nearly raped by a sailor, who is keelhauled by Memzadá as punishment. Emerging with his lungs full of water, the sailor is revived by Althea via artificial respiration. He is perplexed by her benevolence. Later he brings her a note, asking that she not read it until after she and her companions are landed on Zesh. She complies, only to find it contains a warning: the Dasht of Darya intends to conquer both Zesh and the neighboring island of Zá, and they should leave the island. They realize the threat is serious, as Kirwan had previously discovered the "Labághti" is carrying a large load of weapons. But by this time the ship has sailed, and they are stranded.
The trio is greeted by a welcoming party from the utopian colony of Elysion, including its leader, Diogo Kuroki, who calls himself Zeus. The colonists, a group of Roussellian naturalists, have all taken new names from Classical myth, legend or history. Kuroki redubs Kirwan, who has come to join the colony, Orpheus. The others are told they can work for their keep until they gain permission to continue on to Zá. Althea tells Kuroki of the coming attack, but he refuses either to leave Zesh, take any defensive measures, or even to warn the Záva from whom the colony rents its land, citing his group's principles of pacifism and neutrality. In the days that follow all three grow increasingly disenchanted with the colony, and decide to inform the Záva of the impending invasion themselves in return for passage out of the war zone. To do so they secretly visit the Záva oracle the Virgin of Zesh, but she takes off precipitously on hearing their news, without responding to their request.
The next morning the island is visited by Yuruzh, chief of the Záva, ostensibly to visit the oracle, but actually to contest the Daryava invasion, of which he has been informed by the Virgin of Zesh. He reprimands Kuroki for having withheld the intelligence. Yuruzh is much more human-looking than the rest of the apelike Záva, and Althea finds herself attracted to him. The invasion fleet is sighted, and she is recruited to set a trap for the enemy. At Yuruzh's direction, she swims out to the flagship pretending to have escaped the chief and claiming that he is on Zesh with just a few followers. Sofkar, the Dasht of Darya, has her bound to the mast with orders that she be killed if her story proves false, and takes his ships into the harbor. They founder on a line of submerged stakes set by Záva hiding in the water, who then swarm aboard. Yuruzh takes the Dasht captive and rescues Althea as his main fleet issues forth from Zá to take the Daryava from behind. After the battle the people of Elysion, having overthrown Kuroki, deliver him to Yuruzh to assuage his displeasure with the colony.
At this point a merchant ship appears and lands two unwelcome interlopers: Bishop Raman and Afanasi Gorchakov. The latter claims Althea; she appeals to Raman but he declines to defend her on the grounds that she is married to the security chief and has compromised her reputation by running off with Kirwan and Barr, as well as by going around naked (which is common behavior in this tropical climate). Gorchakov abducts her at gunpoint, killing Kirwan when he tries to intervene. Barr has already fled. Abandoning Raman, Gorchakov forces Althea aboard his ship, the "Ta'zu", and puts out to sea. In his cabin he prepares to torture and murder her for abandoning him, but is interrupted by a thrown knife and then Yuruzh, who swings in through the porthole. The Terran and Krishnan fight, struggling for the knife. Yuruzh prevails and kills Gorchakov.
Yuruzh explains to Althea that he had followed the "Ta'zu" and quietly taken the ship. After sounding her out on her current plans and prospects, he proposes marriage, stating he has admired her since first laying eyes on her. He also reveals the secret of the Záva's intelligence; when younger, he had been taken to Earth and given the experimental "Pannoëtic treatment", which turns lower primates into geniuses while driving human beings mad. (The rationale behind the treatment spoofs pseudo-scientific ideas current in the 1950s, particularly those of L. Ron Hubbard.) As a Krishnan and a hybrid between the advanced tailless and the primitive tailed races, Yuruzh might have gone either way, but in the event gained super-intelligence. Feigning that the treatment wore off, he was permitted to return to Krishna, where he has been uplifting his tailed compatriots by giving them the same treatment. He asks Althea to be his wife, and partner in his civilizing mission.
Althea, after some thought, accepts both of Yuruzh's offers, and the two proceed out to the captive ship's captain to be married. Though they cannot have children, there is every indication that they will have a happy and harmonious life.
Setting.
The planet Krishna is de Camp's premier creation in the Sword and Planet genre, representing both a tribute to the Barsoom novels of Edgar Rice Burroughs and an attempt to "get it right", reconstructing the concept logically, without what he regarded as Burroughs' biological and technological absurdities. De Camp intended the stories as "pure entertainment in the form of light, humorous, swashbuckling, interplanetary adventure-romances — a sort of sophisticated Burroughs-type story, more carefully thought out than their prototypes."
As dated in the 1959 version of de Camp's essay "The Krishna Stories" and James Cambias's "GURPS Planet Krishna" (a 1997 gaming guide to the "Viagens" series authorized by de Camp), the action of "The Virgin of Zesh" takes place in A.D. 2150, falling between "The Prisoner of Zhamanak" and "The Bones of Zora", and making it the ninth story set on Krishna in terms of internal chronology. Internal evidence in "The Bones of Zora" confirms the relative sequence of the stories.
Yuruzh may have been the unnamed tailed Krishnan resident at an Earthly scientific institute in de Camp's earlier "Viagens" story "The Colorful Character".
Relation to other works.
Another instance of de Camp's use of a "lower" species raised to intelligence by scientific means can be found in his earlier short story "The Blue Giraffe" (1939). He also addressed the theme of future idealists attempting to create a primitive utopia on another planet in his later short story "New Arcadia" (1956). Yuruzh's back-story bears a striking resemblance to the basic plot of Daniel Keyes's story "Flowers for Algernon" (1959, expanded to novel-length in 1966), though Yuruzh, unlike Keyes's protagonist Charlie Gordon, merely feigns losing his newly gained intelligence. "The Virgin of Zesh" predates Keyes's story.

</doc>
<doc id="6957271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957271" title="Burma Digest">
Burma Digest

The Burma Digest is a weekly bilingual online journal, published by the Democracy for Burma Alliance, a web-based campaign group set up by Burmese refugees and human rights activists worldwide. It features articles written both in English and Burmese.
The Burma Digest, as well as all other campaign activities of the Democracy for Burma Alliance are 100% non-profit and volunteering-based. The publication is fully available for reading on Democracy for Burma Alliance's main page [www.tayzathuria.org.uk ]and on blog [www.burmadigest.wordpress.com]. Printable booklets are also offered for downloading and free distribution. 
The first edition of the Burma Digest appeared in June 2005, featuring only three articles, in English. Nowadays, the average issue of the Burma Digest features more than ten articles in English, and ten in Burmese, as well as interviews with personalities involved in the struggle for democracy in Burma and political dissidents, a newsroom and photo gallery 
Visions and beliefs.
"As a pro-democracy journal, the Burma Digest makes a strong statement against totalitarian regimes, considering the currently ruling military junta as illegitimate and defending Burmese people's right to fundamental freedoms. The beliefs the Burma Digest is aimed to represent and to support are stated on the journal's website and blog:"
Political and social impact.
As a campaign journal for democracy and human rights, the Burma Digest publishes articles mostly (though not exclusively) on social and political issues. However, the Burma Digest, as well as the Democracy for Burma Alliance is not directly affiliated to any political party, ethnic group or organization. It is a space of freedom of speech, reuniting diverse views and opinions. If certain articles show either support or disagreement towards certain organisations or issues, it is only based on the publication's values and beliefs concerning democracy and human rights.
The Burma Digest Human Rights Literature award.
Each year, (starting from August 8, the day of the commemoration of 8888 Uprising, until the next August 8, the Burma Digest offers an award for Burmese language articles and poetry. Each month, two articles and two poems are nominated, then the winner is chosen out of 5 finalists articles/poems.
The prize for the best article is US$250. The prize for the best poem is US$150. This project and the prizes are funded by donations. 

</doc>
<doc id="6957276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957276" title="Deus Ex characters">
Deus Ex characters



</doc>
<doc id="6957284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957284" title="Idiot Diode">
Idiot Diode



</doc>
<doc id="6957286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957286" title="The Politics of Ecstasy">
The Politics of Ecstasy

The Politics of Ecstasy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6957288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957288" title="Bombonera">
Bombonera



</doc>
<doc id="6957290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957290" title="NATO Medal for Yugoslavia">
NATO Medal for Yugoslavia



</doc>
<doc id="6957291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957291" title="Recovery (music show)">
Recovery (music show)



</doc>
<doc id="6957294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957294" title="Tor Hogne Aaroy">
Tor Hogne Aaroy



</doc>
<doc id="6957296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957296" title="Coupland, Texas">
Coupland, Texas

 
Coupland ( ) is a city in southeastern Williamson County, Texas, United States. According to the 2020 census, its population was 289.
The Coupland Independent School District serves area students. Coupland ISD serves kindergarten through grade 8. Upon graduation, the students go to Elgin, Pflugerville, or Taylor, Texas for high school courses. Coupland's athletic teams are the "Cowboys".
History.
In 1859, Morgan C. Hamilton bought large tracts of land along Brushy Creek from Shiloh to Rice's Crossing. Hamilton died in 1883, willing the land to his nephew, Theodore Van Buren Coupland. Mr. Coupland sold a 100-ft right-of-way to the Taylor, Bastrop and Austin Railroad in 1887. Two Taylor men subsequently formed the Coupland City Corporation to subdivide and sell land for the newly formed unincorporated community of Coupland.
Coupland residents voted overwhelmingly to incorporate on November 6, 2012, the 125th anniversary of its founding. The City of Coupland held its first city council elections on May 13, 2013, with Jack Piper running unopposed for mayor.
Williamson County Emergency Services District No. 10 operates as the Coupland VFD. The department was established in 1979 and serves Coupland and the surrounding district.
Geography.
Coupland is located at (30.456924, –97.392367), which is just south of the city of Taylor, just east of the city of Pflugerville, and north of the city of Manor.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total land area of 1.926 square miles (4.989 km) and a total water area of 0.026 sq mi (0.067 km).

</doc>
<doc id="6957297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957297" title="Coupland, TX">
Coupland, TX



</doc>
<doc id="6957298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957298" title="Tore Andre Dahlum">
Tore Andre Dahlum



</doc>
<doc id="6957304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957304" title="Iloilo, Panay Island">
Iloilo, Panay Island



</doc>
<doc id="6957309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957309" title="Constituancy">
Constituancy



</doc>
<doc id="6957312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957312" title="Elvis Abbruscato">
Elvis Abbruscato

Elvis Abbruscato (born 14 April 1981) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a forward; he was a youth coach at Arezzo as of 2016–17 season.
Club career.
Abbruscato played for Arezzo, Torino, Chievo (loan), Vicenza Virtus, Pescara, Cremonese, and FeralpiSalò in his career.
Verona.
After making his professional debut with his hometown club Reggiana, he joined Verona in 1999. He went on loan to Livorno and Triestina from 2000 to 2002. In July 2002 he was included in the pre-season camp of the first team of Verona, making his club debut during 2002–03 Serie B season.
Arezzo.
In summer 2003 he was signed by Serie C1 club Arezzo on a co-ownership deal. On 22 June 2004 Arezzo signed Abbruscato outright from Verona.
Torino.
In January 2006 Abbruscato was signed by Torino on a temporary basis, for €800,000 fee. In June 2006 he was signed outright for €3.6 million, on a four-year contract. However, in summer 2007 he was sold to Lecce on a co-ownership deal for €1.65 million. In June 2008, Torino bought back the 50% registration rights of Abbruscato from Lecce for €2 million.
In summer 2009, he left Turin again for Chievo on a temporary basis for free.
Vicenza.
In summer 2010, Abbruscato was signed by Vicenza on a three-year contract for €1.2 million fee, as part of a swap that Alessandro Sgrigna went to Turin for €1.32 million.
Late career.
In June 2012, Abbruscato was sold to Pescara from Vicenza for a cashless swap with Stefano Giacomelli. Both players were tagged for €2.3 million. Abbruscato signed a two-year contract.
However, Abbruscato was released at the end of season. He joined Cremonese on a free transfer.
In July 2014 he moved from Cremonese to join FeralpiSalò.
Managerial career.
Abbruscato became the head coach of Seconda Categoria team ViaEmilia in the second half of 2015–16 season. He was signed by Arezzo for their under-19 team on 19 July 2016.
In June 2017 he was enrolled in a course for UEFA A Licence.

</doc>
<doc id="6957313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957313" title="Capital Pride">
Capital Pride

Capital Pride as the name of an LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender) pride event may refer to:
Pride events with similar names:

</doc>
<doc id="6957314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957314" title="Northwest Passages">
Northwest Passages



</doc>
<doc id="6957316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957316" title="Northwestern Passages">
Northwestern Passages



</doc>
<doc id="6957319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957319" title="5th Cavalry Regimental Combat Team">
5th Cavalry Regimental Combat Team



</doc>
<doc id="6957320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957320" title="Jangalapatty">
Jangalapatty



</doc>
<doc id="6957323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957323" title="Ottawa Pride">
Ottawa Pride



</doc>
<doc id="6957325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957325" title="Valentin Badoi">
Valentin Badoi



</doc>
<doc id="6957329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957329" title="Martin Skrtel">
Martin Skrtel



</doc>
<doc id="6957330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957330" title="Morrish Medal">
Morrish Medal

The Morrish Medal is an award presented to the best and fairest player in the premier Victorian underage Australian rules football competition during the home-and-away season. Boasting an uninterrupted lineage from 1947 onwards, the medal is currently awarded to the highest vote-getter in the Talent League Boys competition.
History.
The Morrish Medal was first inaugurated in 1947, the year after the formation of the Victorian Football League's thirds competition. Named in honour of reserve grade treasurer Tom Morrish, who had held the position since 1922, the medal was to be awarded to the best-performing player across the season as adjudged by the field umpires. This continued throughout the history of the League's thirds, which was renamed to the under-19s in 1960. When the under-19s competition was wound up at the conclusion of the 1991 Australian Football League season, to be replaced by the new Victorian State Football League under-18s competition, the decision was made to continue awarding the Morrish Medal in that new competition.
Voting format.
In the style of the Brownlow Medal and Gardiner Medal medals already awarded in the seniors and seconds competitions respectively, the presiding field umpire would cast a 3–2–1 vote at the conclusion of each match. The player with the most votes tallied following the end of the home-and-away season would then be presented with the medal. The initial voting method continues to this day, albeit with multiple field umpires now conferring to present a single set of votes for each match.
Until 1981, a count back rule identical to that of the Brownlow was used to split winners based on the amount of three-vote games they were awarded, followed by two-vote games, etc. until a solitary winner could be found. In 1992, the League recognised three players who initially lost by count back – Jim McGowan (1961), Phillip Friedman (1974) and Jack Dinatale (1976) – and awarded them retrospective medals.
Ineligible players who polled more votes than winner.
A player guilty of an offence deemed worthy of a suspension is ineligible to win the Morrish Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="6957334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957334" title="Uniformed Services Employment and Re-employment Rights Act of 1994">
Uniformed Services Employment and Re-employment Rights Act of 1994

The Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA, , codified as amended at ) was passed by U.S. Congress and signed into law by U.S. President Bill Clinton on October 13, 1994 to protect the civilian employment of active and reserve military personnel in the United States called to active duty. The law applies to all United States uniformed services and their respective reserve components.
General purpose.
USERRA clarifies and strengthens the Veterans' Reemployment Rights (VRR) Statute by protecting civilian job rights and benefits for veterans, members of reserve components, and even individuals activated by the President of the United States to provide Federal Response for National Emergencies. USERRA also makes major improvements in protecting service member rights and benefits by clarifying the law, improving enforcement mechanisms, and adding Federal Government employees to those employees already eligible to receive U.S. Department of Labor assistance in processing claims of noncompliance.
Throughout its history, the United States government has enacted legislation protecting the men and women who serve in times of armed conflict. During the Civil War, Congress passed legislation protecting service members from legal proceedings they could not attend due to their military commitment. Congress passed the Soldiers' and Sailors' Civil Relief Act during World War I as a means of offering similar protections to service members fighting in Europe. Shortly before the United States entered World War II, Congress passed the Selective Training and Service Act of 1940.
The rationale behind the law lay partly in providing a means for drafted individuals to return to their jobs at the cessation of hostilities. After the war, the United States Supreme Court upheld the spirit of the law's protections in "Fishgold v. Sullivan Drydock" 328 U.S. 275,284 (1946) when it held that the Act allowed the reemployment of an employee drafted to fight the war. 
The Supreme Court in Fishgold not only allowed the reemployment of a service person but also held that, with regards to advancement opportunities the service person missed while serving abroad, the service person "step[ped] back on at the precise point he would have occupied had he kept his position continuously during the war." The Court further held that the Act be "liberally construed" to aid those who left their occupations to serve their country during a time of great peril. The Court rationalized its holdings by stating that a citizen called to defend the United States should not, upon discharge, be hindered from advancement in their civilian job because of the service-related absence. The Court further noted that the returning veteran was "to gain by his service for his country an advantage which the law withheld from those who stayed behind."
The holding, requiring that legislation providing protections to uniformed service members be "liberally construed," is affirmatively followed by courts and the Department of Labor in construing USERRA today.
At the end of World War II, a federal court in the State of Washington decided a case similar to Fishgold. In "Niemiec v. Seattle Rainier Baseball Club, Inc.," 67 F. Supp. 705, 711 (W.D. Wash. 1946), the court applied Fishgold's holding by requiring a professional baseball club (now the Seattle Mariners) to rehire a former player who was absent from the team for three years because of World War II required service. While acknowledging "the seriousness to baseball of having the judge dictate as to the team's players," the judge concluded his opinion stating that had the veteran and his comrades failed in their service overseas "there would be no American manager of any baseball if such should be played at the stadium this year. If the Nazis permitted baseball, it would not be an exhibition that any of us liked."
As the threat of the Axis powers passed, Congress used the geopolitical realities of the Cold War to justify further veteran-friendly legislation. During the Cold War, the Selective Service and Training Act of 1940 underwent a series of modifications including the Selective Service Act of 1948 and the Universal Military Training and Service Act of 1967. The protections set out in the Selective Service and Training Act of 1940 generally remained the same while the modifications supported the conscript-based military of the Cold War era.
Reservists received their first affirmative statutory protection as part of an amendment to the Military Selective Service Act in 1968 often referred to as the Veterans' Reemployment Rights Act ("VRRA"). The VRRA protects reservists against reemployment discrimination caused by their military duty. The Veterans' Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974 re-codified provisions of VRRA but included similar provisions protecting reservists from employment discrimination with an emphasis on inducing individuals separating from active military service to serve in the reserve components of the post-Vietnam all volunteer military.
Congress, in enacting these protections, recognized reservists were experiencing increased discrimination from employers because reservists were required to "attend weekly drills or summer training. Expanding VRRA legislation to cover reservists soon led to legal battles regarding the statute's scope and the burden of proof a reservist/employee must show to establish discriminatory action by an employer due to an employee's reserve status.
The Supreme Court addressed VRRA's burden of proof standard in "Monroe v. Standard Oil Co.," 452 U.S. 459, 551, 559-560 (1981). The Court held that in order for a reservist/employee to prove that an employer violated the VRRA, the reservist/employee must show the employer's discriminatory actions against the reservist/employee were "motivated solely by reserve status." The Court's holding in Monroe resulted in the enactment of USERRA, which was written, in part, to overrule Monroe' burden of proof requirement. The burden of proof under USERRA today is much easier.
USERRA, which was passed in 1994, provides many protections. Two of those protections are protection against discrimination and protection of one's pre-deployment job.
Eligibility criteria.
USERRA establishes the cumulative length of time that an individual may be absent from work for military duty and retain reemployment rights to five years. The exceptions to the five-year limit include initial enlistments lasting more than five years, periodic United States National Guard and reserve training duty, and involuntary active duty extensions and recalls, especially during a time of national emergency. USERRA clearly establishes that reemployment protection does not depend on the timing, frequency, duration, or nature of an individual's service as long as the basic eligibility criteria are met.
USERRA also provides protection for disabled veterans by requiring employers to make reasonable efforts to accommodate the disability. Service members convalescing from injuries received during service or training may have up to two years from the date of completion of service to return to their jobs or apply for reemployment.
The USERRA also protects a member of the armed services from employment discrimination relating to one's military service. Under USERRA an employee must show that their military service was a "substantial" or "motivating factor" in the employer's adverse employment action, like firing or demotion. Since employers rarely tell reservist/employees that they are being fired because of their military service, the USERRA allows a party to establish discrimination by, among other things, examining the proximity in time between the adverse act (like firing) and the military service event (like an employee informing an employer of the employee's military obligation), whether the employer followed its internal policies, and whether the military employee was treated differently than other non-military employees.
Public and private employer responsibilities.
USERRA applies to all employers in the United States. This includes Federal, State, Local, Private and even Foreign Companies operating within the United States and its territories. USERRA also applies to all United States employers operating in Foreign countries.
Returning service-members are to be reemployed in the job that they would have attained had they not been absent for military service, this is known as the "escalator principle" (See FISHGOLD v. SULLIVAN DRYDOCK &amp; REPAIR CORP., 328 U.S. 275 (1946) ), with the same seniority, status and pay, as well as other rights and benefits determined by seniority. USERRA also mandates that reasonable efforts (such as training or retraining) be made to enable returning service members to refresh or upgrade their skills to help them qualify for reemployment. The law clearly provides for alternative reemployment positions if the service member cannot qualify for the "escalator" position. USERRA also provides that while an individual is performing military service, he or she is deemed to be on a furlough or leave of absence and is entitled to the non-seniority rights and benefits accorded other individuals on comparable types of non-military leaves of absence.
Health and pension plan coverage for service members is provided for by USERRA. Individuals performing military duty of more than 30 days may elect to continue employer sponsored health care for up to 24 months; however, they may be required to pay up to 102 percent of the full premium. For military service of less than 31 days, health care coverage is provided as if the service member had remained employed. USERRA clarifies pension plan coverage by making explicit that all pension plans are protected.
Employee responsibilities.
The period an individual has to make application for reemployment or report back to work after military service is based on time spent on military duty. For service of less than 31 days, the service member must return at the beginning of the next regularly scheduled work period on the first full day after release from service, taking into account safe travel home plus an eight-hour rest period. For service of more than 30 days but less than 181 days, the service member must submit an application for reemployment within 14 days of release from service. For service of more than 180 days, an application for reemployment must be submitted within 90 days of release from service.
USERRA also requires that service members provide advance written or verbal notice to their employers for all military duty unless giving notice is impossible, unreasonable, or precluded by military necessity. An employee should provide notice as far in advance as is reasonable under the circumstances. Additionally, service members are able to use accrued vacation, sick, or annual leave while performing military duty. Another Federal law (5 U.S.C. 6323) gives federal civilian employees the right to 120 hours (15 days) per fiscal year of paid military leave.
Complaint resolution process.
The U.S. Department of Labor, through the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Veterans' Employment and Training (VETS) provides assistance to all persons having claims under USERRA, including Federal and Postal Service employees. If resolution is unsuccessful following an investigation, the service member may have their claim referred to the Department of Justice for consideration of representation in the appropriate District Court, at no cost to the claimant. Federal and Postal Service employees may have their claims referred to the Office of Special Counsel for consideration of representation before the Merit Systems Protection Board (MSPB). If violations under USERRA are shown to be willful, the court may award liquidated damages. Individuals who pursue their own claims in court or before the MSPB may be awarded reasonable attorney and expert witness fees if they prevail. Because USERRA is a relatively recent statute, not much case law interpreting it or its corresponding regulations has been developed.
On January 1, 2008, a five-year pilot project ended that had given the Office of Special Counsel shared responsibility with The Department of Labor for assisting federal employee USERRA claimants in initial claims. All claims must now be filed directly with the Department of Labor 
Sources.
"This article contains information that originally came from a US Government website, in the public domain."

</doc>
<doc id="6957339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957339" title="Vasile Pacuraru">
Vasile Pacuraru



</doc>
<doc id="6957345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957345" title="Capital Pride (Ottawa)">
Capital Pride (Ottawa)

Ottawa Capital Pride is an annual LGBTQ pride event, festival, and parade held in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, and Gatineau, Quebec, from mid to late August. Established in 1986, it has evolved into a 7- to 9-day celebration of the 2SLGBTQIA+ community, advocating for equality, diversity, and inclusion in the National Capital Region. The festival offers bilingual events in English and French, known as 'Capital Pride / "", blending local pride with national importance.
The Ottawa Pride Parade, initiated in 1989 and now held on the fourth Sunday of August, has significantly expanded in size and impact. Serving as a platform for LGBTQ+ rights and visibility, it has achieved notable milestones in legal victories and inclusivity initiatives. Despite facing challenges, including financial hardships and occasional controversies, Ottawa Pride remains a prominent symbol of LGBTQ+ pride and unity in the Ottawa community. It also extends a warm welcome to 2SLGBTQIA+ diversity from around the world, bridging local and national pride with global significance.
Mission.
Capital Pride's mission is to create opportunities to celebrate, advocate, educate and connect people, respecting the full diversity of the 2SLGBTQ+ community.
History.
Emergence and advocacy (1970s).
August 28, 1971: About 100 people from Ottawa, Montreal, Toronto, and surrounding areas gathered on Parliament Hill amidst pouring rain for the historic 'We Demand Rally,' the first-ever protest in Canada advocating for LGBT rights. Ten demands for equal rights within the burgeoning queer community were presented.
September 14, 1971: A small group of gay men gathered for the first time, inspired by the We Demand protest. This meeting led to a crucial development on October 13, 1971, when the Gays of Ottawa (GO) / organization was formally established. GO emerged as Ottawa's inaugural queer rights organization, advocating for LGBT rights, community education, and empowerment.
May 19 to 20, 1973: Gays of Ottawa (GO) hosted the inaugural national interprovincial conference of Gay Liberation groups in Canada. Activists from Quebec City, Halifax, Toronto, Vancouver, Saskatoon, and Montreal gathered in Ottawa.
October 15, 1974: Gays of Ottawa picketed the Immigration Department to protest screening policies discriminating against gays and lesbians seeking entry to Canada. Based in Ottawa they were frequently called on to wage the national battle for gay rights. On October 23, the federal government changed its policy after the immigration minister met with GO officials.
July 1, 1975: The National Gay Rights Coalition (NGRC) was founded at a national conference in Ottawa, with active involvement from Gays of Ottawa. The NGRC emerged as a civil rights organization, aiming for the "removal of all federal legislation which permits, condones, or encourages discrimination against homosexuals" and the "implementation of legislatively guaranteed civil rights for gay people."
May 22, 1976: The Ottawa Police conducted the city's first bathhouse raid at Club Baths, resulting in the arrest of 27 men on charges such as 'found-ins' and 'gross indecency.' Financial papers and a membership list with over 3,000 names were seized. Similar raids occurred in Toronto and Montreal as part of a broader 'clean-up' campaign before the 1976 summer Olympics.
May 24, 1976: In response to the raid, Gays of Ottawa organized a press conference, followed by a protest at the Ottawa Police Headquarters at 60 Waller Street on May 28, with approximately 50 participants. Drawing lessons from the 1975 'Vice Ring' case, which resulted in the death of Warren Zufflet, the Ottawa Citizen chose not to publish the names of the arrested individuals.
Feb 16, 1979: A fire completely destroyed the Gays of Ottawa GO Centre, consuming the building along with the majority of paperwork, erasing much of the records from the first decade.
From June 27 to July 2, 1979, the seventh annual Canadian Lesbian and Gay Rights Coalition (CLGRC) conference, titled "Celebration '79: Celebrating Ten Years of Lesbian/Gay Liberation", took place in Ottawa with support from the Gays of Ottawa (GO). Over 200 delegates attended, and Mayor Marion Dewar designated June 27 as "Human Rights Day". The conference aimed to commemorate a decade of gay liberation in Canada, coinciding with the tenth anniversary of the Omnibus Bill.
However, the event received mixed reviews, marked by tensions between advocates of local grassroots action and those favouring a national strategy. Heated debates emerged on the issue of lesbian participation, mirroring broader discussions within the gay liberation movement and reflecting the evolving landscape of the Canadian LGBTQ+ rights movement during that period.
Evolution and challenges (1980s).
During the 1980s, Ottawa's lesbian and gay community experienced a unification. The Gays of Ottawa (GO) saw greater female participation and membership. This transformed GO into a co-sexual organization, empowering women in prominent roles. The AIDS crisis further increased opportunities for women. Heidi McDonell notes that Ottawa's smaller size fostered closer collaboration between men and women.
On July 3, 1981, Barry Deeprose, a volunteer with Ottawa's Gayline, came across an unusual article on the organization's notice board. The article, sourced from "The New York Times", July 3, 1981, "Rare Cancer Seen in 41 Homosexuals", highlighted a rare cancer found in gay men. "I had the sense that something dreadful had gone wrong," Deeprose recalls.
The Gayline faced an influx of anxious callers seeking information about AIDS. Operators, while uncertain, advised callers to shower before sex and avoid engaging in sexual activities with individuals displaying skin lesions. Barry Deeprose recalls, "People would be calling us to find out symptoms; people would be calling us with symptoms."
On August 24, 1982, Gays of Ottawa (GO) organized a public meeting with officials from Health and Welfare Canada's Laboratory Centre for Disease Control. Around seventy individuals attended seeking information, despite the limited knowledge available.
On September 11, 1982, Mayor Marion Dewar cut the pink ribbon at Ottawa's first feminist bookstore, the Ottawa Women's Bookstore, symbolizing a period of growth in the women's community. The mayor of Ottawa at that time was sincerely supportive of the lesbian and gay community.
In 1983, another emergency community meeting on AIDS at the Gays of Ottawa GO Centre drew a full house. Dr. Gordon Jessamine, chief epidemiologist at the Laboratory Centre for Disease Control in Ottawa, shared early, reliable information about AIDS. GO activist Lloyd Plunkett noted, "We had people standing in the hallways. They couldn't even see the speaker. People were really scared and wanted to know what was happening."
In 1983, Linda Wilson a 27-year-old chemist become the first female president of Gays of Ottawa (GO). She passed a bylaw that mandated equal representation between men and women on the board.
On July 19, 1983, 28-year-old Peter Evans became Ottawa's first identified AIDS patient, publicly disclosing his diagnosis to counter the recent flood of media misinformation.
During an August 28 radio show, Peter Evans engaged with host Bill Prankard, correcting misinformation and advocating for increased AIDS funding over shutting down establishments. Prankard suggested the epidemic might be a "judgment of God", prompting Peter to highlight the broader impact on patients with cancer and multiple sclerosis. The exchange led to complaints from Gays of Ottawa (GO) to the Canadian Radio-Television and Telecommunication Commission, citing the host's dissemination of false information and unbalanced coverage.
On October 1, 1983, the first AIDS Walkathon fundraiser took place, with Peter Evans leading the initial blocks of the walk. The route stretched from Ottawa to Kingston, raising over $5,000.
As of October 13, 1983, there were 44 reported cases of AIDS in Ottawa, according to Dr. Clayton. Among them, 40 cases involved men, and 4 cases involved women.
In November 1983, Gays of Ottawa (GO) co-founds the Ottawa-Hull Coalition against Bill C-157 and presents a brief on behalf of the Coalition for Gay Rights in Ontario (CGRO) to a Senate Committee examining Bill C-157 and federal government security provisions, including the RCMP and CSIS, which granted significant powers against the LGBT community.
On January 7, 1984, the LGBT community mourned the death of Peter Evans, Ottawa's first recorded AIDS casualty and the 35th Canadian reported to have died of AIDS. He passed away at the Ottawa General Hospital, which later became a prominent AIDS treatment center for the region.
July 9, 1985, the AIDS Committee of Ottawa (ACO) was established as a community-based organization co-founded by Barry Deeprose and Bob Read to respond to the emerging HIV/AIDS crisis. The ACO played a crucial role in providing support, education, and advocacy for individuals affected by HIV/AIDS in the Ottawa area. On August 7, 1987, the organization achieved a milestone by officially incorporating as a non-profit charity, coinciding with increased funding availability.
On October 9, 1985, the inaugural community information meeting, led by Barry Deeprose and featuring Dr. Gilles Melanson, who was the first openly gay doctor in Ottawa, drew a full house. The gathering occurred a month before the virus test became available in Canada, underscoring the attendees' palpable anticipation and concerns.
In 1986, the AIDS Committee of Ottawa (ACO) initiated various educational campaigns to promote safe sex:
These multifaceted efforts reflect ACO's comprehensive strategy, combining condom distribution, visual campaigns, and engaging demonstrations to advocate safer sex practices and raise awareness about AIDS.
Established in 1986, the Canadian AIDS Society (CAS) emerged during the peak of the AIDS crisis with 16 initial members, including the AIDS Committee of Ottawa. Initially operating from a shared office in Edmonton, CAS achieved charitable status in 1988 and relocated to Ottawa. CAS serves as a national representative for its members, guided by the perspectives of people living with HIV/AIDS.
In May 1986, a gay student at Gloucester High School challenged homophobia by coming out in a letter to the school paper. Many students were outraged, and a petition was sent to the principal. Oscar's letter was one of many courageous acts in which gay, lesbian and bisexual students were coming out in Ottawa.
On June 28, 1986, Ottawa hosted its first lesbian and gay Pride event, where around 50 individuals gathered at Strathcona Park for a picnic organized by the members of Gays of Ottawa. The event featured music, dancing, and vibrant balloons adorned with messages such as 'gay pride' and gender symbols representing the lesbian and gay community.
Following this historic moment, Ottawa Pride picnic events continue to this day, taking place in various parks across the city. Here is a list of the previous Pride picnics and their respective locations:
In 1987, the province of Ontario allocates $164,000 to the AIDS Committee of Ottawa (ACO) for prevention and health services. ACO appoints Grant MacNeil as an interim executive director, succeeded by David Hoe in March 1988. During the first year, five staff members are hired.
On July 1, 1987, Martin Mallon, a gay man, was thrown off a cliff at Major's Hill Park in Ottawa and passed away two days later.
In July 1987, the Coalition for Gay Rights in Ontario acquires a draft of the Ministry of Education guidelines and ensures copies are sent to the Ontario AIDS Network. The AIDS Committee of Ottawa is able to respond, and the Ontario Human Rights Commission is requested to intervene to address the blatant homophobia in the document.
In September 1987, the Coalition for Gay Rights in Ontario (CGRO) changed its name to the Coalition for Lesbian &amp; Gay Rights in Ontario (CLGRO).
On October 16, 1987, Regional Chair Andrew Haydon opposed AIDS funding, expressing reluctance to support programs targeting a specific group. Later, he proposed mandatory AIDS testing for all regional employees. In response, Federal Health Minister Perrin Beatty rebuked Haydon's call for compulsory testing.
In May 1988, AIDS Action Now activists organized a press conference in front of Parliament Hill in Ottawa, publicly consuming non-approved drug treatments to protest the government's restrictions through the Emergency Drug Release Program. They published a guide with information obtained from the Fourth International Conference on AIDS in Stockholm, held from June 12 to 16, 1988.
In September 1988, Bruce House, an AIDS hospice located in Ottawa, was established to provide housing assistance and hospice care for individuals affected by AIDS. The AIDS Committee of Ottawa hired five employees to manage its growing services. Originating as a sub-committee of the AIDS Committee of Ottawa, known as the AIDS Housing Group, Bruce House sought funding and a home to support primarily gay men in the advanced stages of the disease. Officially incorporated on October 6, 1989, Bruce House remains active today.
On December 1, 1988, the World Health Organization officially declared World AIDS Day.
In 1989, the AIDS Committee of Ottawa (ACO) played a pivotal role in advocating for the introduction of anonymous HIV testing in the province. This initiative aimed to provide a crucial incentive for gay men to undergo testing, contributing to the broader efforts in HIV/AIDS prevention and support in the Ottawa community. In October 1989, the ACO reported 52 deaths and identified 46 individuals living with AIDS in Ottawa.
On June 9, 1989, the first-ever Lesbian and Gay Pride Week in Ottawa unfolded from June 9 to June 18, culminating in the city's first-ever Ottawa Pride Parade on Sunday, June 18. Organized by the members of Gays of Ottawa (GO), the parade kicked off at Somerset and Metcalfe, concluding at the picnic site in Jack Purcell Park. Organizers estimated around 300 marchers participated in this historic event for the local community.
Pride Week Exhibit: June 15 to 18, 1989, organized by the AIDS Committee of Ottawa, the U.S. Names Project AIDS Memorial Quilt exhibit was featured at Lansdowne Park in the Coliseum building. Showcasing 1,200 panels, including 268 from Canadian contributors, and attracted approximately 4,000 visitors, marking a significant chapter in the commemoration of those impacted by AIDS in Ottawa.
On June 27, 1989, Gays of Ottawa (GO) changed its name to the Association of Lesbians and Gays of Ottawa (ALGO).
From June 18 to July 31, 1989, a series of tragic incidents unfolded at Major's Hill Park in Ottawa. On June 18, Peter Vainola, a local plumber and singer, met an unfortunate death after falling from the cliffs. Subsequently, on July 1, Norman Chenier and Phillip Jennings both experienced falls from the same cliffs, with Chenier requiring intensive care and Jennings in serious condition. Charles Papps suffered non-life-threatening injuries on July 15. Another violent attack happened on July 31 when John Richard Miller lost his life after being thrown off the cliff.
On August 21 to 22, 1989, Alain Brosseau was thrown off the Alexandra Bridge into the Ottawa River, resulting in his death. On the same night, Alain Fortin and Wilfred Gauthier were brutally attacked in their home by a gang of six youths, the same group involved in Brosseau's murder. Gauthier suffered a throat slash, and Fortin was stabbed in the eye and hand; fortunately, both survived the assault.
LGBT community faced discrimination, violence, and inadequate police protection.
Challenges and legal victories (1990s).
In 1990, the second Ottawa Pride Parade encountered an unexpected hurdle when the City Council initially proclaimed it as "Lesbian and Gay Pride Day" on June 17, 1990. However, this proclamation was later withdrawn due to its coinciding with Father's Day. Despite this setback, Pride Week coordinator Graham Haig took swift legal action, leading to a favorable ruling by an Ontario Supreme Court judge. This triumph not only reinstated the proclamation but also ensured the Parade proceeded as planned. Nevertheless, this legal victory marked the beginning of a challenging period for Ottawa Pride in the 1990s, as the organization became embroiled in local political battles over proclamations.
In 1991, the city opted to omit the term "Pride" from its declaration, choosing "Lesbian and Gay Day" over the initially used "Lesbian and Gay Pride Day" in 1990. The organizers reluctantly accepted this decision, expressing concern over City Council's failure to acknowledge the significance and empowerment linked with the concept of pride within the Lesbian and Gay community.
In 1992, tensions escalated when Mayor Jacquelin Holzman, responding to the proclamation request, explicitly excluded "bisexuals" by rewriting the declaration. The Ottawa City Council voted against the inclusion of "bisexuals" in the official proclamation, opting instead for the stigmatizing phrase "alternative lifestyles.”
This controversial decision prompted activist Kathryn Payne to file a complaint with the Ontario Human Rights Commission. This marked the beginning of a prolonged legal battle to advocate for the inclusion of bisexuality in the naming and mayoral proclamation for Ottawa's Pride Week. The dispute persisted for five years before a settlement was finally reached, and Payne emerged victorious shortly before Mayor Jacquelin Holzman's retirement in 1997.
Amidst this struggle, in 1996 the Chief Commissioner Maxwell Yalden made the following statement: "... the Universal Declaration of the United Nations on Human Rights, and indeed the Canadian Human Rights Act, says all human beings are equal in their rights. All. That doesn't mean all minus homosexuals."
On April 29, 1996, the federal Justice Minister Allan Rock introduced Bill C-33 to include sexual orientation as a prohibited ground of discrimination covered in the Canadian Human Rights Act; Royal Assent was granted on June 20, 1996.
In 1997, the Regional Chair of Ottawa-Carleton Peter Clark proclaimed "Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Week." The settlement with the Ontario Human Rights Commission and the amendment to the Canadian Human Rights Act strengthened LGBT rights. It's noteworthy that these advancements occurred just before the retirement of Mayor Holzman, concluding a five-year battle for recognition and equal rights with the City of Ottawa.
In 1994, Ottawa Pride events, encompassing the week-long festival, Pride Picnic, and the Pride Parade, made a move to July, a shift that endured until the conclusion of 2004, spanning the following 10 years.
On July 17, 1994, Joanne Law and Diana Coltridge walked in the Ottawa Pride Parade under the Gender Mosaic banner, marking a significant first.
The Ottawa Pride Picnic and some of the festival events occur at Festival Plaza at Ottawa City Hall from 1996 to 2001.
On May 9, 1997, the Pride Week Committee (National Capital Region) / was incorporated in Ottawa, Ontario. It operates as a Not-for-Profit Corporation and is currently listed as active.
May 21, 1997, marked a significant decision by the Ottawa City Council, voting 8 to 2 in favor of adding "bisexual" and "transgender" to the Pride Week proclamation. This choice designated July 12 to 20, 1997, as the inaugural Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender (LGBT) Pride Week in Ottawa.
On July 13, 1997, the Pride flag was raised for the first time at Ottawa City Hall.
In 1998, Prime Minister Jean Chrétien, in a letter for Pride Week, emphasized the significance of diversity as a source of strength in Canadian society. He underscores Canada's commitment to being a nation where individuals can be different and equal simultaneously. The letter emphasizes the importance of the Canadian Human Rights Act, advocating for equal opportunities without discrimination based on various factors. Chrétien calls for the continued effort to nurture and protect these principles, ensuring Canada remains a country of inclusiveness, tolerance, and justice. The Ottawa Pride Week Committee further ensured its visibility by printing PM Chrétien's letter on page three of the Ottawa-Hull July 10–19, 1998 Pride Week Festival guide, themed "Pride for All Seasons!" This allowed the message to reach a broader audience within the LGBTQ community.
Transformation and challenges (2000s).
In 2002 the Pride Committee moved the Pride event from the Festival Plaza to Bank Street (Ottawa's Gay Village) with support from the Bank Street BIA.
From July 8 to 14, 2002, Ottawa Police and the LGBT Police Liaison Committee actively participated in Pride events. They reported a historic milestone with a record-breaking attendance of over 55,000 people at the July 14th Pride parade.
On June 11, 2003, Renée Sauve and Tracey Braun made history as the first same-sex couple to be married in Ottawa.
Commencing on November 20, 2003, the first Transgender Day of Remembrance vigil in Ottawa was held at the Human Rights Monument on Elgin Street. Approximately 50 attendees, including various transgender individuals, were present, alongside members from Pink Triangle Services, Pflag, Egale, the Ottawa Police Service, and local union representatives. The vigil was organized by Melanie P.
On July 10, 2004, the inaugural Ottawa Dyke March took place, signifying solidarity with dyke marches globally. Over the years, this event has expanded from a march, rally, and community picnic to also serve as a deliberate and peaceful political protest. The Ottawa Dyke March aims to enhance the visibility of dykes, advocate for political change, and protest against the corporatization of the Pride Parade, among other vital causes. In 2006, for instance, after the march, participants had a picnic complemented by a variety show and other events, furthering the event's alignment with its core values. The theme for 2018 was 'Dykes Shaping the Arts,' placing a spotlight on dyke artists for the first time.
In 2005, the Pride Festival was relocated from Bank Street back to Festival Plaza due to high costs and Pride Committee's outstanding debts. Additionally, the festival dates were rescheduled from July to August due to availability constraints at the Festival Plaza. This is why Ottawa's Pride festival takes place in mid-August, hosting its Pride Parade in late August.
Published on August 25, 2005, Allendria Brunjes of The Charlatan newspaper at Carleton University interviews Tamara Stammis, the chair of planning and events for Ottawa Pride Week:
Allendria Brunjes states in her article:
Allendria Brunjes quotes Tamara Stammis:
Starting in 2006, the Pride Week Committee of Ottawa-Gatineau faced financial challenges, leading to a five-year hiatus in printing the Pride Guide. Capital Xtra stepped in, publishing the Ultimate Pride Guide during this period until the end of 2010.
Between 2006 and 2008, the Ottawa Pride festival underwent a rebranding, changing its name from Ottawa Pride to Capital Pride.
Evolution and milestones (2010s).
In 2010, Pride Week included a rugby match between Canada's only two predominantly gay rugby teams, the Toronto Muddy York and the Ottawa Wolves. The historic match was played on the main lawn of Parliament on August 28, 2010.
On November 20, 2010, Ottawa's Transgender Day of Remembrance featured the inaugural use of the "Trans Flag", designed by Michelle Lindsay. The event marked its significance with official unveilings by Ottawa Police, Paramedics, and City Halls in both Ottawa and Gatineau in 2010 and 2011.
August 2011 marked a significant moment as, for the first time in five years, the Pride Week Committee produced its official Pride Guide for the Capital Pride Festival in Ottawa and Gatineau.
On October 14, 2011, Jamie Hubley, son of Ottawa city councillor Allan Hubley, tragically took his own life after enduring relentless anti-gay bullying. His struggles, starting in Grade 7, included incidents like students attempting to force batteries into his mouth due to his preference for figure skating over ice hockey|hockey. In response, numerous Canadian media and political figures contributed videos to the online It Gets Better Project. Additionally, spurred by Jamie Hubley's heartbreaking experience, the Legislative Assembly of Ontario passed a 2012 act imposing stricter penalties for bullying in schools.
On November 4, 2011, Ottawa officially designates Bank Street in Centretown as the 'Gay Village,' adorned with rainbow signs.
In 2014, Capital Pride ran into financial troubles after 'accounting irregularities' kept the organization from paying vendors over $100,000. The organization declared bankruptcy in December 2014.
In early 2015, Ottawa Capital Pride implemented a new governance structure, introducing the Community Advisory Committee for direction and policies, and the Festival Operations Committee for managing the annual festival. They rebranded, adopting the term 'Rainbow Community' and a 'Super Rainbow' logo, while naming the festival Fierté dans la Capital(e) Pride Festival.
On June 1, 2016, a historic moment unfolded on Parliament Hill in Ottawa as Prime Minister Justin Trudeau raised the Pride flag for the first time in Canadian history. This symbolic gesture acknowledged the persistent efforts of those who tirelessly fought for equal rights for LGBT Canadians.
In July 2017, Ottawa Capital Pride requested off-duty Ottawa Police attending the August festival not to wear uniforms during the parade to foster inclusivity. Initially opposed, Chief Bordeleau later agreed, fostering dialogue with LGBTQ2 police. The request aimed to address discomfort in marginalized communities, showcasing a commitment to progress despite disagreements and acknowledging complexities in building trust and inclusivity.
On August 27, 2017, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau made history as the first sitting prime minister to participate in the Ottawa Capital Pride parade. Additionally, General Jonathan Vance, the Chief of the Defence Staff, joined other senior members of the Canadian Armed Forces, including heads of the army and navy. A substantial LGBTQ2 contingent of approximately 100 uniformed military personnel contributed to the parade, celebrating the strength found in diversity.
On November 28, 2017, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau delivered a historic apology in the House of Commons, acknowledging the injustices faced by LGBTQ Canadians during the Gay Purges. Many were criminally charged or dismissed from the Canadian military, mounted police, or federal public service due to their sexual orientation.
From August 19 to 26, 2018, Ottawa Pride hosted its largest pride celebration to date, drawing a record-breaking attendance of over 105,000 festival-goers.
On August 17, 2019, Ottawa Mayor Jim Watson publicly came out as gay, marking a historic moment just before Pride Week. His revelation made history as he became Ottawa's first openly gay mayor.
Capital Pride announced the appointment of its first-ever executive director, Osmel Guerra Maynes, on January 6, 2020.
COVID-19 pandemic (2020-2021).
On May 11, 2020, Ottawa's in-person Pride festival and parade were cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Canada. Ontario's state of emergency extension and the City of Ottawa's prohibition on city-led mass events, parades, and festivities prompted this decision.
Capital Pride opted for an online 'Virtual Festival' held from August 23 to 30, 2020, themed 'Wherever We Are.' The event featured a Miss Capital Pride pageant, won by Icesis Couture, who later triumphed in the second season of "Canada's Drag Race" in 2021.
The Virtual Capital Pride Festival took place from August 22 to 29, 2021, with the theme 'We Still Demand!' commemorating the 50th anniversary of the historic 'We Demand Rally' for LGBT rights on Parliament Hill on August 28, 1971.
On August 11, 2021, it was announced that a limited-capacity, one-day, in-person event would be held outdoors on the Great Lawn at Lansdowne Park, taking place on Sunday, August 29, 2021, from 3:00 pm to 10:00 pm.
After the pandemic (2022-present).
On June 1, 2022, the Ottawa Trans Library opened in the Hintonburg neighbourhood as a non-profit lending library and community center focused on trans issues. Its collection includes works by trans authors and fiction with trans characters, serving as an educational resource hub for both the Ottawa trans community and the general public.
Hate Crimes Surge: Reported hate crimes against transgender, agender, and sexual orientation have surged in recent years, according to Statistics Canada.
Chief Eric Stubbs emphasized the likelihood of underreporting of hate crimes and hate-and-bias-motivated incidents against the 2SLGBTQIA+ community, acknowledging their actual prevalence is higher. He stressed the importance of reporting these incidents, noting that police data provides only a partial understanding of the issue.
On August 25, 2023, in downtown Ottawa, the March for Trans Rights took place, advocating for increased support and visibility for transgender individuals. Co-organizer Fae Johnstone, also the Grand Marshal of the 2023 Capital Pride Parade, emphasized the importance of solidarity and action amidst ongoing challenges faced by the trans community. The march highlighted concerns regarding safer schools, refugee support, healthcare access, and discrimination.
Speakers at the trans rally included Fae Johnstone, Jade Peek, co-organizer and Director of Operations with Kind Space, Celeste Trianon, a trans advocate and organizer of the Montreal Trans March, Tara Sypniewski, a trans historian and founder of the Ottawa Trans Library, and Sharp Dopler, a carrier of ceremony and LGBT Purge survivor. They collectively discussed the importance of inclusive policies and societal acceptance, reaffirming their commitment to fostering a safe and inclusive environment for all participants despite potential challenges.
On August 27, 2023, the annual Pride Parade attracted thousands of participants and spectators to downtown Ottawa streets adorned with rainbow colours. Approximately 10,000 individuals took part in the parade, with thousands more lining the route along Elgin Street, Gladstone Avenue, and Kent Street. Participants highlighted the significance of attending the parade in light of concerns over increasing anti-trans hate across Canada. Fae Johnstone, the Grand Marshal of the parade, stressed the importance of solidarity and advocacy within the 2SLGBTQIA+ community.
In conjunction with the parade, the federal government announced funding of up to $1.9 million for seven 2SLGBTQI+ organizations in the Ottawa area. This funding coincided with the parade and underscores the government's commitment to supporting 2SLGBTQI+ initiatives and organizations in the region.
On August 6, 2024, Ottawa Capital Pride published a statement on their website expressing solidarity with Palestinians, including references to an "ongoing genocide" in Gaza. This statement became the focal point of significant controversy, particularly drawing backlash from several Jewish organizations.
In response, Ottawa Mayor Mark Sutcliffe announced that he would not attend any Capital Pride events in 2024. Following this, the Children's Hospital of Eastern Ontario (CHEO) and the Ottawa Hospital also decided to withdraw their participation from the parade. CHEO's CEO, Alex Munter, cited concerns that the Pride Parade had shifted from supporting the 2SLGBTQ+ community to protesting Israel, making some members of the community feel unsafe or unwelcome.
Ottawa Pride Festival timeline.
The first recorded Ottawa Pride event took place on June 28, 1986, and marked the beginning of Pride celebrations in the city.
The first Ottawa Pride Parade took place on Sunday June 18, 1989.
The second Ottawa Pride Parade occurred on June 17, 1990. Initially, City Council proclaimed it "Lesbian and Gay Pride Day", but later withdrew the proclamation due to its conflict with Father's Day. Nevertheless, following legal action led by Pride Week coordinator Graham Haig, an Ontario Supreme Court judge ruled in favor of Ottawa Pride, reinstating the day and allowing the parade to proceed. Despite this legal victory, Ottawa Pride was not immune to the local political disputes that characterized much of the 1990s, which included ongoing conflicts over proclamations.
Over the years, the Ottawa Capital Pride Parade has grown in size and significance, attracting participants and spectators from various backgrounds who come together to show their support and solidarity.
While Ottawa Pride Parades typically take place on the fourth Sunday of August, there may be occasional variations due to factors such as event planning, logistics, and community considerations.
Winter Pride.
Winter Pride is an annual festival in Ottawa and Gatineau, collaborating with Winterlude, managed by Canadian Heritage since 1979. Ottawa Pride joined in 2019.
Stay informed about the latest 2SLGBTQI+ events during Winterlude by using the official calendar filter on the Winterlude website.

</doc>
<doc id="6957352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957352" title="Stand Up Australia">
Stand Up Australia

Stand Up Australia was an Australian comedy TV program locally produced by The Comedy Channel from 2006 to 2008.
It was hosted by Cameron Knight, and featured four Australian or international comedians on each one-hour show. Season two was produced in Melbourne, previously the first season was shot at Foxtel's Sydney studios located in North Ryde, where the set and studio was named "The Troubled Bison".
The first season went for a marathon 95 episodes and showcased Australia's top comedic talent. For the week of the 2006 Melbourne Cup carnival, there was a number of episodes that had a "racing" theme for each show. This included the set, audience and host being dressed up in horse racing themes.
Comedians who appeared on the show include John Burgos, Tom Rhodes, Monty Franklin, Fiona O'Loughlin, Doug Chappel, Sam Simmons, Greg Fleet, Simon Kennedy Rod Quantock, Terri Psiakis, Michael Chamberlin, Subby Valentine, Justin Kennedy, Charlie Pickering, Jackie Loeb, Steady Eddy, Chris Franklin, Elliot Goblet, Pommy Johnson, Scott Brennan, Eddie Ifft, Simon Palomares, Dave Grant, Tommy Dean, Sam Bowring and Bev Killick.

</doc>
<doc id="6957353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957353" title="Vasilica Cristocea">
Vasilica Cristocea



</doc>
<doc id="6957354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957354" title="Oxford University cricket team">
Oxford University cricket team



</doc>
<doc id="6957355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957355" title="Symphony No. 2 (Rachmaninov)">
Symphony No. 2 (Rachmaninov)



</doc>
<doc id="6957356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957356" title="USERRA">
USERRA



</doc>
<doc id="6957357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957357" title="C3A1 mine">
C3A1 mine

The C3A1 and C3A2 (collectively known as the Elsie) are Canadian minimum metal anti-personnel mines. The difference between them is very minor and hard to distinguish visually. Elsie mines were first deployed by Canada in 1962, by the United States in 1965 and by Japan in 1967.
Appearance.
The mine resembles a short, stubby carrot in appearance. Generally, Elsie mines are either coloured black or khaki for use in desert environments. Elsie mines can easily be spray painted to blend in with an arctic or jungle scenario. The training version of the Elsie mine is coloured blue.
Operation.
An Elsie mine has a small raised pressure plate on the top surface of the mine which is covered with a small pad of flock material. The flocking material is designed to act as camouflage. Sustained downward pressure on the small pressure plate (by the victim's foot) cocks a spring-loaded striker. When the pressure plate has been pressed down approximately 2.5 cm, a single retaining ball bearing flips side-ways into a recess. When the ball bearing flips side-ways, it frees the striker (held under tension by a coiled spring beneath it) which snaps upwards into the stab detonator, thereby detonating the explosive charge.
Construction.
An Elsie mine is constructed mainly from plastic, which makes it difficult to detect. The mine comprises two separate items; the body and charge. The body is fitted with a protective dust cap, which is removed in order to insert the charge. Around the shaft of the charge there is a restraining safety clip to prevent it moving downwards whilst in transit, which could accidentally trigger detonation. The safety clip is removed when the mine is emplaced, at which point the mine becomes armed and will detonate if someone steps on it. Elsie mines are supplied with an aluminium detector ring fitted. However, the ring is designed to be easily removed, and without it the mine becomes a minimal metal mine.
The Elsie mine is one of very few anti-personnel mines which use a shaped charge. As can be seen from the specification below, the explosive filling is unusually small (i.e. weighs 9.45 grams) compared to most other anti-personnel mine designs, which generally contain a minimum of 30 grams of high explosives. However, the shaped charge in the Elsie mine ensures that most of the force of detonation is directed upwards. As a result, it can penetrate a 12 ply vehicle tyre or 3/8 inch (approx 9 mm) mild steel plate. A person who has been injured by an Elsie mine generally has a small, deep, circular penetration wound which extends all the way through the bones of their foot and out the other side. The wound is generally severe and debilitating, though rarely fatal - assuming that prompt emergency medical care is provided. In contrast to other anti-personnel mines (e.g. the PMN series), the Elsie is designed primarily to disable its victims, rather than kill them.
Due to the simplicity of the firing mechanism, the Elsie mine is not resistant to blast-clearing methods, unlike other designs such as the VS-MK2 mine.
The Elsie mine was formerly in service with the Canadian and British armed services, and was manufactured by both nations. However, all stocks of anti-personnel mines (together with any component parts and equipment related to their manufacture etc.) have been destroyed by Canada and the UK, in order to comply with the Ottawa Treaty.

</doc>
<doc id="6957358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957358" title="March of Flames">
March of Flames



</doc>
<doc id="6957359" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957359" title="Moomin museum">
Moomin museum



</doc>
<doc id="6957361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957361" title="Tooticky">
Tooticky



</doc>
<doc id="6957363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957363" title="C3A2 mine">
C3A2 mine



</doc>
<doc id="6957366" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957366" title="Richard Martini (director)">
Richard Martini (director)

Richard Martini (born 12 March 1955) is an American film director, producer, screenwriter and freelance journalist.
Early life and education.
Martini was born in 1955 and grew up in Northbrook, Illinois. He attended local public schools. He graduated magna cum laude from Boston University with a degree in Humanities, attended University of Southern California Film School and is a 2008 graduate of the Master of Professional Writing Program at USC. His student short film, "Lost Angels," was the film debut of fellow Chicago native, actress Daryl Hannah. He took improv classes at Second City in Chicago under Jo Forsberg, and with the Harvey Lembeck Workshop in Los Angeles.
His first documentary film, "Special Olympians," won the top prize at the 1980 Mexico City International Film Festival. He made his feature film directorial debut with "You Can't Hurry Love," which featured the debut of Bridget Fonda. TNT described it as the "quintessential 80's comedy."
Martini left USC to work for writer/director Robert Towne ("Chinatown," "Mission: Impossible"); he served as an acting coach for Robert Evans on the original "The Two Jakes." After that Martini wrote his first feature "My Champion," which starred Christopher (son of Robert) Mitchum and Yoko Shimada (Shogun). He wrote the comedy "Three For the Road" for Vista Films, which starred Charlie Sheen.
Martini directed a comedy short, "Video Valentino," shot by fellow USC alum John Schwartzman (DP of "The Amazing Spider-Man") and produced by Jonathan D. Krane. The short led to a deal with Vestron Pictures, where he made "You Can't Hurry Love" starring Bridget Fonda, Charles Grodin and Kristy McNichol based on the short.
Martini co-wrote and directed two films for producer Jonathan D. Krane: the Faustian comedy "Limit Up", set in Chicago, starring Nancy Allen and blues icon Ray Charles, and "Point of Betrayal" (1996) starring Dina Merrill, Rod Taylor and Rebecca Broussard, which won the Palm Beach International Film Festival as Best Film. Martini then co-wrote and co-directed "Cannes Man" (released on iTunes in 2010) starring Francesco Quinn and Seymour Cassel, with appearances by Johnny Depp and the "cast of characters who inhabit the film festival each year".
Martini wrote and directed the Dogme 95 film "Camera – Dogme #15,"shot on digital video; it follows the life of a video camera around the world.
He has also directed documentaries: "Tibetan Refugee" explores the Tibetan community in Dharamsala, "White City/Windy City" explores the relationship between Chicago and Casablanca in the Eisenhower "Sister Cities" program, and "Journey Into Tibet", follows Buddhist scholar and author Robert Thurman on a sacred journey around Mount Kailash in western Tibet.
Martini co-wrote and produced "My Bollywood Bride" starring Jason Lewis and Sanjay Suri (released as "My Faraway Bride").
Martini's television credits include producing segments and appearing on the award-winning "Charles Grodin Show" on CNBC. He wrote an upcoming miniseries for HBO about the notorious House of Medici. He has also written freelance articles for "Variety", "Premiere", Inc.com, edited and wrote Epicurean Rendezvous' "Best 100 Restaurants in Los Angeles" and appeared in "USA Today" as a commentator about "American Idol." He also contributed a chapter to Charles Grodin's book "If I Only Knew Then... Learning from our mistakes." (Springboard Press.)
He worked on the films "Amelia" and "Salt" as a digital media curator, pioneering a method of pre-visualizing a film online. Film director Phillip Noyce hired him to work on both films.
Based on his documentary about hypnotherapy and between life therapist Michael Newton's work "Destiny of Souls," Martini's book on the afterlife, "Flipside: A Tourist's Guide on How To Navigate the Afterlife," has become a best seller at Amazon. The documentary based on the book was picked up by Gaiam TV for distribution in 2014. The book went to #1 at Amazon in all its genres twice. The series "It's a Wonderful Afterlife: Further Adventures into the Flipside Volume One" and Volume Two includes interviews with Dr. Bruce Greyson on consciousness and the near-death experience, Gary Schwartz on his research into consciousness, and Mario Beauregard on his research in neurotheology. Martini compares accounts of near-death experiences with transcripts of hypnotherapy sessions of people under deep hypnosis to highlight their similarities. His book "Hacking the Afterlife," examines mediumship claims of "new information" from people no longer on the planet and compares these accounts to the near death experiences and afterlife reports from subjects under hypnosis. He also penned "Backstage Pass to the Flipside: Talking to the Afterlife with Jennifer Shaffer" which includes a foreword by Luana Anders.
Martini has taught film directing at Loyola Marymount University, the Maine Media Workshops, and the John Felice Rome Center.
He is married and has two children. The family lives in Santa Monica, California.
Filmography.
Documentaries.
- Director. (2019)

</doc>
<doc id="6957367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957367" title="Too-Ticky">
Too-Ticky



</doc>
<doc id="6957371" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957371" title="Vedran Corluka">
Vedran Corluka



</doc>
<doc id="6957373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957373" title="Žilvinas">
Žilvinas



</doc>
<doc id="6957376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957376" title="Suenaga Haruka">
Suenaga Haruka



</doc>
<doc id="6957379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957379" title="Eglė">
Eglė

Eglė is a Lithuanian feminine given name. Individuals bearing the name Eglė include:

</doc>
<doc id="6957385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957385" title="Eglė žalčių karalienė">
Eglė žalčių karalienė



</doc>
<doc id="6957390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957390" title="Eglė the Queen of Grass Snakes">
Eglė the Queen of Grass Snakes



</doc>
<doc id="6957391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957391" title="Chewang Rinchen">
Chewang Rinchen

Colonel Chewang Rinchen MVC &amp; Bar, SM (Kalon Tsewang Rigdzin, 1931–1997) was a highly decorated officer in the Indian Army from the Union territory of Ladakh. He was the youngest ever recipient of the Maha Vir Chakra, the second highest Indian gallantry decoration, for his role in the defence of Ladakh in the First Kashmir War. He received the Maha Vir Chakra for a second time after Indo-Pakistani War of 1971, for his role in the conquest of the Turtuk and Tyakshi (a small village of the Chorbat. valley), in what came to be known as the Battle of Turtuk. He was one of only six Indian service personnel to have the Maha Vir Chakra twice.
He was awarded a Sena Medal for gallantry in the 1962 India-China War. and Mention in dispatches for gallantry in the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965
Early life.
Chewang Rinchen was born in the village of Sumur in Nubra in 1931 in an illustrious family. One of his ancestors had the title of "Stak" (Lion of Ladakh) for his bravery and his mother was known as "Mother of Nubra Valley" for her compassion. Rinchen was educated in Sumur by a Ladakhi Christian missionary by name Stanzin. At age 13, he attracted the attention of a "kalon" (duke) of Ladakh, who took him to Leh for secondary education. Four years later, the First Kashmir War started, placing Ladakh in grave jeopardy from the raiders from Gilgit-Baltistan.
Military career.
Rinchen joined the Nubra Guards in 1948 at the age of 17 years. It is said that Major Prithi Chand had requested the local people of Ladakh for their support in repelling the invasion, and Chhewang was the first man to enlist in the newly formed Nubra Guards. He served in the Indo-Pakistani War of 1947 alongside Indian Army units.He later received a formal enlistment in the Indian Army as a Jemadar.He was trained by (then) Subedar Bhim Chand, VrC &amp; bar, of Lahaul. For his role in this war, Chewang Rinchen is regarded among the 'Saviours of Ladakh', alongside Bhim Chand, Col. Thakur Prithi Chand, MVC, and Lt. Col. Kushal Chand, MVC. Fighting in the Nubra Valley, Rinchen was promoted through the ranks and was awarded a Mahavir Chakra for bravery. At 17 years of age, he was the youngest recipient of the award.
Maha Vir Chakra.
The citation for the first Maha Vir Chakra awarded to him reads: 
Between wars.
Rinchen also served in the 1962 India-China War, where he was awarded a Sena Medal. On 1 April 1964, he was granted a permanent commission in the regular Indian Army with the rank of second lieutenant (seniority from 21 August 1962), and relinquished his commission in the Jammu and Kashmir Militia. He was promoted to lieutenant on 21 August 1964. 
Bar to Maha Vir Chakra.
In the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971, Rinchen, now a major in the Ladakh Scouts, led the capture of the Chalunka complex of the Pakistani Army and the strategic outpost of Turtuk. For these actions, he was awarded a bar to his MVC, being one of only six Indian soldiers so honoured. This battle was known as the Battle of Turtuk.
The citation for the second Maha Vir Chakra awarded to him reads:
Later career.
Promoted to the substantive rank of major on 6 February 1978, Rinchen retired from active service with effect from 1 May 1980, when he transferred to the reserves. On 1 October 1983, he was re-employed and assigned to command 246 Transit Camp with the local rank of lieutenant-colonel, while serving with the Jammu and Kashmir Rifles. Rinchen finally retired as a full colonel in 1984.
Legacy.
The Indian Army has named an army shopping complex after him in Leh. On 21 October 2019 Defense Minister Rajnath Singh inaugurated the Col Chewang Rinchen Setu, India's highest altitude all-weather permanent bridge, in eastern Ladakh just 45 km from border with China. The 1400-ft long bridge on Shyok River, at 14,650 ft is strategically located on the Darbuk–Shyok–DBO Road between Leh and Karakoram Pass. 
Personal life.
Chewang Rinchen married Shema Choskit Dolma of Leh Khangsar, an aristocratic family from Leh.He had 4 siblings and one of Rinchen's younger brother P. Namgyal is a former Union Minister and Member of Parliament (Lok Sabha).

</doc>
<doc id="6957392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957392" title="Bälinge (Luleå)">
Bälinge (Luleå)



</doc>
<doc id="6957393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957393" title="Trygve Borno">
Trygve Borno



</doc>
<doc id="6957395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957395" title="Egle the Queen of Serpents">
Egle the Queen of Serpents



</doc>
<doc id="6957396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957396" title="The People's Choice (Agar book)">
The People's Choice (Agar book)

The People's Choice: From Washington to Harding; A Study in Democracy is a book by historian Herbert Agar, published by Houghton Mifflin, 1933. It won the 1934 Pulitzer Prize for History.

</doc>
<doc id="6957397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957397" title="Wędrynia">
Wędrynia

Wędrynia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lasowice Wielkie, within Kluczbork County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kluczbork and north-east of the regional capital Opole.

</doc>
<doc id="6957399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957399" title="Egle the Queen of Grass Snakes">
Egle the Queen of Grass Snakes



</doc>
<doc id="6957400" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957400" title="Absolute Poker">
Absolute Poker



</doc>
<doc id="6957411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957411" title="Tulio de Melo">
Tulio de Melo



</doc>
<doc id="6957413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957413" title="Sophia A.B. Akuffo">
Sophia A.B. Akuffo



</doc>
<doc id="6957421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957421" title="Egle zalciu karaliene">
Egle zalciu karaliene



</doc>
<doc id="6957429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957429" title="IP over Avian Carriers with Quality of Service">
IP over Avian Carriers with Quality of Service



</doc>
<doc id="6957434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957434" title="YouGov plc">
YouGov plc



</doc>
<doc id="6957437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957437" title="Army General Staff Badge">
Army General Staff Badge



</doc>
<doc id="6957453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957453" title="Rinchen">
Rinchen

Rinchen, meaning "treasure", is a Tibetan name, used by speakers of various Tibetic languages. It is also used as a given name by Mongols, seen as early as the Yuan dynasty. As a Mongolian name, it has various spellings such as Rinchin, Renchin, or Erinchin. People with Rinchen as one of their given names, or as a patronymic, include:

</doc>
<doc id="6957457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957457" title="Pimpl idiom">
Pimpl idiom



</doc>
<doc id="6957458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957458" title="The Sunday Times - Scotland">
The Sunday Times - Scotland



</doc>
<doc id="6957460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957460" title="The Sunday Times Scotland">
The Sunday Times Scotland



</doc>
<doc id="6957461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957461" title="Committee for the Prevention of Torture">
Committee for the Prevention of Torture

The European Committee for the Prevention of Torture and Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment or shortly Committee for the Prevention of Torture (CPT) is the anti-torture committee of the Council of Europe. Founded to enforce the European Convention for the Prevention of Torture and Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, the CPT visits places of imprisonment in signatory countries and issues reports on violations of the convention.
Founding.
The CPT was founded on the basis of the European Convention for the Prevention of Torture and Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (1987), which came into force in February 1989. It allows the CPT to visit all "places of detention" of the member states of the Council of Europe. Places of detention, as defined by the convention, are all places in which people are held without their consent. In the first place, this covers police cells, jails, prisons and closed psychiatric institutions, but also immigration detention centres, old people's homes and the like. The visits are carried out by small teams of CPT members, who usually call-in additional experts. After each visit, a report about the findings and recommendations is drawn up and sent to the respective government. The findings deal not so much with individual cases of torture but with the identification of situations at risk that may lead to torture. The CPT reports are confidential and are published only if the government so requests. But political pressure on the governments is strong to make the report public. Only in the rare case in which governments refuse to publish and the CPT has clear evidence of a practice of torture, the CPT may make a unilateral "public statement".
All Council of Europe member states have ratified the Convention for the Prevention of Torture. Protocol No. 1 to the convention, which entered into force on 1 March 2002, provides for non-member states of the Council of Europe to accede to the convention, but none have been invited to do so to date.
After 20 years of experience, this European model was adapted and generalised by the United Nations through the OPCAT optional protocol to the UN Convention Against Torture (2006).
Members of the CPT are independent and impartial experts from a variety of backgrounds, including law, medicine and the justice system. They are elected for a four-year term by the Committee of Ministers, the Council of Europe's decision-making body, and can be re-elected twice. One member is elected in respect of each member state.
A system of visits.
Visits are carried out by delegations, usually of two or more CPT members, accompanied by members of the committee's Secretariat and, if necessary, by experts and interpreters. The member elected in respect of the country being visited does not join the delegation.
CPT delegations visit contracting states periodically but may organise additional "ad hoc" visits if necessary. The committee must notify the state concerned but need not specify the period between notification and the actual visit, which, in exceptional circumstances, may be carried out immediately after notification. Governments' objections to the time or place of a visit can only be justified on grounds of national defence, public safety, serious disorder, the medical condition of a person or that an urgent interrogation relating to a serious crime is in progress. In such cases the state must immediately take steps to enable the committee to visit as soon as possible.
Unlimited access, co-operation, and confidentiality.
Under the convention, CPT delegations have unlimited access to places of detention and the right to move inside such places without restriction. They interview persons deprived of their liberty in private and communicate freely with anyone who can provide information.
The recommendations which the CPT may formulate on the basis of facts found during the visit, are included in a report which is sent to the state concerned. This report is the starting point for an ongoing dialogue with the state concerned.
The CPT has two guiding principles: co-operation and confidentiality. Co-operation with the national authority is at the heart of the convention, since the aim is to protect persons deprived of their liberty rather than to condemn states for abuses. The committee therefore meets in camera and its reports are strictly confidential. Nevertheless, if a country fails to co-operate or refuses to improve the situation in the light of the committee's recommendations, the CPT may decide to make a public statement.
Of course, the state itself may request publication of the committee's report, together with its comments. In addition, the CPT draws up a general report on its activities every year, which is made public.
External links.
Prevention of Torture. Standards. Case Law. Approaches. Opinions. Comments

</doc>
<doc id="6957462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957462" title="Col rinchen">
Col rinchen



</doc>
<doc id="6957464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957464" title="Scottish Parliament election 2003">
Scottish Parliament election 2003



</doc>
<doc id="6957465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957465" title="Hughes Stadium">
Hughes Stadium

Hughes Stadium may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6957476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957476" title="Committee on Trade, Customs and Immigration Matters">
Committee on Trade, Customs and Immigration Matters



</doc>
<doc id="6957477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957477" title="Committee on Cooperation, International Relations and Conflict Resolutions">
Committee on Cooperation, International Relations and Conflict Resolutions



</doc>
<doc id="6957478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957478" title="Committee on Transport, Industry, Communications, Energy, Science and Technology">
Committee on Transport, Industry, Communications, Energy, Science and Technology



</doc>
<doc id="6957479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957479" title="Committee on Health, Labour and Social Affairs">
Committee on Health, Labour and Social Affairs



</doc>
<doc id="6957481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957481" title="Committee on Education, Culture, Tourism and Human Resources">
Committee on Education, Culture, Tourism and Human Resources



</doc>
<doc id="6957482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957482" title="Committee on Gender, Family, Youths and People with Disabilities">
Committee on Gender, Family, Youths and People with Disabilities



</doc>
<doc id="6957483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957483" title="Committee on Rules, Privileges and Discipline">
Committee on Rules, Privileges and Discipline



</doc>
<doc id="6957484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957484" title="ESP 400 Series">
ESP 400 Series



</doc>
<doc id="6957486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957486" title="Committee on Rural Economy, Agriculture, Natural Resources and Environment">
Committee on Rural Economy, Agriculture, Natural Resources and Environment



</doc>
<doc id="6957487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957487" title="North-West passage">
North-West passage



</doc>
<doc id="6957488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957488" title="ESP AX Series">
ESP AX Series



</doc>
<doc id="6957491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957491" title="Northwestern Passage">
Northwestern Passage



</doc>
<doc id="6957496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957496" title="Collapse of wtc towers">
Collapse of wtc towers



</doc>
<doc id="6957502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957502" title="Alto Malcantone">
Alto Malcantone

Alto Malcantone is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was formed on 13 March 2005 from the earlier municipalities of Arosio, Breno, Fescoggia, Mugena and Vezio.
History.
Arosio is first mentioned in 1335 as "Aroxio". Breno is first mentioned in 1140 as "Breno". Fescoggia is first mentioned in 1296 as "Fescozia". Mugena is first mentioned in 1214 as "Megiadina". In 1270 it was mentioned as "Migena". Vezio is first mentioned in 1355 as "Vecio".
Arosio.
According to tradition, the Roman road leading from Ponte Tresa to Monte Ceneri Pass ran through Arosio. By the Middle Ages it was a central town in the upper Magliasina valley, which was at that time was known as the Valle d'Arosio. The villages of Arosio, Breno, Cademario, Mugena Tortoglio and Vezio formed an economic and political unit.
The Church of San Michele is first mentioned in 1217. In 1640-47 it was totally rebuilt. It contains a cycle of frescoes by Antonio da Tradate and notable stucco work by local artists from the 17th and 18th centuries. At one time, the architects and master builders of Arosio operated throughout Europe.
The local economy was based on agriculture and herding in the alpine meadows. In recent decades the services sector dominated the local economy. After 1960, a number of new houses were built in the village.
Breno.
Archaeological digs have uncovered items from the Roman era in Breno. The village name is Celtic in origin, though the exact meaning is unknown. At some time after the year 1000, the Abbey of S. Abbondio in Como acquired some rights and land in Breno. The municipality bought itself out from under those rights in 1579. Modernly, the village includes the south land that once belonged to the municipality of Tortoglio. This land was abandoned in the wake of a plague in the 15th century. The village was involved in a land dispute with Miglieglia until 1890.
The parish was established as Fescoggia parish in 1592. The Parish Church of S. Lorenzo was built in 1233, rebuilt in 1596 and expanded in 1852.
The local economy included both agriculture and herding in alpine pastures. "Alp Rettaiola" (alpine pasture) was lost after a century-long dispute with the Italian Valle Veddasca, following a by a decision of the Varese Congress in 1752. In the upper Malcantone Valley many of the farmers own land both in the Valley and in the lower, hilly area between Neggio and Bosco Luganese. Before winter sets in, they move their animals down into the hills to their winter pastures. The seasonal migration began in the 16th century and was very common until the beginning of the 19th century. Between 16th and 19th centuries, limited land and resources led to a large exodus of construction workers from Breno. A strong philanthropic attitude and community life, often supported by grants from wealthy villagers who had emigrated, allowed the village to build a number of institutions in the 19th century. The most important is the school of drawing from 1883. By the end of the 20th century, many of the workers in Breno commuted to Lugano for work.
Fescoggia.
According to a 1296 document Fescoggia was one of only two villages that was in the Lugano area, but was totally owned by Como Cathedral. The Monastery of S. Abbondio in Como owned the tithe right in the village, but sold it in 1579 to Breno.
Fescoggia belongs to the parish of Breno. The Chapel of S. Silvester was built in the late 13th century, over the ruins of a church dedicated to Madonna of the snows. It was renovated in the late 18th century.
In the 15th century, the village area also included Monti di Lot and Alp Firinesc. Until the end of the 19th century, the inhabitants also drove their animals in a seasonal migration to alpine pastures to the east slopes of the mountains of Santa Maria and Cervello. On Monte Torri, in the 19th century, an iron ore (hematite) mine opened a furnace for smelting operation was built. In 2000, more than four-fifths of the workers living in Fescoggia were commuters.
Mugena.
A random discovery led to the excavation of a Roman cremation cemetery. In the Middle Ages, Como Cathedral possessed property, tithes and rights to use alpine meadows over half of Nisciora Alp. Some documents mention a castrum, probably a supply camp, but his determination remains controversial. In the 13th century, Mugena belonged to the "Valle d'Arosio" (upper Magliasina Valley), an economic and administrative unit, which included Arosio, Breno, Cademario, Mugena, Tortoglio and Vezio.
The parish church of S. Agata is first mentioned in 1361. In 1636 it was, after Mugena separated from Breno, promoted to a vice parish. The church was renovated and toward the end of the 17th century, completely rebuilt. The current church features valuable stucco work from the 18th century.
The village has retained its rural appearance. Historically, farming and grazing in the alpine meadows of S. Maria and Cervello were the main source of income. At the beginning of the 21st century, most residents in the valley work in Lugano.
Vezio.
In the Early Middle Ages, the Bishop and monastery of St. Abbondio in Como owned property and rights in Vezio. It was part of the parish of Breno until 1626, when it became part of the Mugena parish. It was established in 1684 as a vice-parish.
The parish church of St. Bartholomew was built in 1745 on the grounds at a former building, which dates from 1444. Inside the church there are fine stucco by artists from the Malcantone Valley.
Until the Second World War there was a strong migration of construction workers to jobs outside Switzerland. Until the late 19th century, part of the population seasonally migrated to the eastern slopes of the mountains of S. Maria and Cervello. In the early 20th century a small hydroelectric plant was built near the village.
Coat of arms.
In 2005, superseding the 5 coats of arms used by the earlier communes, the newly formed Alto Malcantone adopted a new coat of arms: Azure, a chestnut leaf in bend sinister or.
Chestnut was a staple food in Ticino until the 20th century.
Geography.
Alto Malcantone has an area, , of . Of this area, 18.9% is used for agricultural purposes, while 67.5% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 3.1% is settled (buildings or roads) and 10.4% is unproductive land.
Demographics.
Alto Malcantone has a population () of . , 6.3% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 16%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (87.1%), with German being second most common (9.0%) and French being third (2.2%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 47.8% male and 52.2% female. The population was made up of 572 Swiss men (44.2% of the population), and 47 (3.6%) non-Swiss men. There were 645 Swiss women (49.8%), and 31 (2.4%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 12 live births to Swiss citizens and 1 birth to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 12 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens remained the same while the foreign population increased by 1. There was 1 Swiss man who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there was 1 non-Swiss man and 1 non-Swiss woman who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 13 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 3 people. This represents a population growth rate of 0.8%.
The age distribution, , in Alto Malcantone is; 134 children or 10.3% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 133 teenagers or 10.3% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 118 people or 9.1% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 168 people or 13.0% are between 30 and 39, 224 people or 17.3% are between 40 and 49, and 174 people or 13.4% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 164 people or 12.7% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 103 people or 8.0% are between 70 and 79, there are 77 people or 5.9% who are over 80.
Historic Population.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 30.03% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (23.52%), the SP (21.25%) and the Ticino League (10.01%). In the federal election, a total of 464 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 46.0%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 951 registered voters in Alto Malcantone, of which 623 or 65.5% voted. 6 blank ballots and 3 null ballots were cast, leaving 614 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 180 or 29.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD+GenGiova (with 115 or 18.7%), the PS (with 107 or 17.4%) and the SSI (with 94 or 15.3%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 8 blank ballots and 3 null ballots were cast, leaving 612 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 166 or 27.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 122 or 19.9%), the PPD (with 111 or 18.1%) and the LEGA (with 107 or 17.5%).
Education.
In Alto Malcantone about 78.5% of the population (between age 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Alto Malcantone there were a total of 182 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Alto Malcantone there were children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 66 students attended the standard primary schools and 3 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 56 students in the two-year middle school, while 17 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 14 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 22 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 4 students in the professional program.
Economy.
, Alto Malcantone had an unemployment rate of 3.16%. , there were 24 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 10 businesses involved in this sector. 41 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 14 businesses in this sector. 61 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 22 businesses in this sector. Of the working population, 10.6% used public transportation to get to work, and 70.6% used a private car.
, there were 2 hotels in Alto Malcantone.
Housing.
 the average number of residents per living room was 0.53 which is fewer people per room than the cantonal average of 0.6 per room. In this case, a room is defined as space of a housing unit of at least as normal bedrooms, dining rooms, living rooms, kitchens and habitable cellars and attics. About 60.3% of the total households were owner occupied, or in other words did not pay rent (though they may have a mortgage or a rent-to-own agreement).
, there were 501 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.2 persons per household. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. , the construction rate of new housing units was 7.1 new units per 1000 residents.
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Parish Church of Di S. Michele and is listed as a Swiss heritage site of national significance. The entire village of Breno is part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.

</doc>
<doc id="6957503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957503" title="Felantix">
Felantix



</doc>
<doc id="6957507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957507" title="Mathieu Chantelois">
Mathieu Chantelois

Mathieu Chantelois (born July 4, 1973) is a Canadian television personality, journalist, magazine editor, and marketing executive.
Early life and education.
Mathieu Chantelois was born and raised in Mascouche, a suburb just outside Montreal, Quebec. He studied at Pierre Laporte Secondary School, a musical academy in Montreal. He is a graduate of Carleton University's journalism program, and in 2018, he completed a certificate in strategic perspectives in nonprofit management at Harvard Business School.
Career.
Television.
Chantelois was one of the original housemates on the Canadian reality television series "". The first season's only openly gay resident, Chantelois created the series "So Gay TV" for PrideVision. "So Gay TV" was nominated for Best Talk Series at the 2002 Gemini Awards.
Following the end of his term on "The Lofters", Chantelois continued hosting programming for PrideVision and its successor channel OUTtv, including "Read Out!", featuring authors from the LGBT community, and the reality series "COVERguy". Chantelois has also worked as a cultural reporter for TFO's "Panorama".
The 519.
In 2006, Chantelois was named chair of the board at The 519 Church St. Community Centre in Toronto, Ontario. He stepped down from the position in 2009, but is still involved with the organization in other capacities. In October 2020, he hosted the 16th 519 Annual Gala, which included guests Elton John, k.d. lang, and Kim Cattrall.
Green Space Festival.
In 2007, Chantelois created the Green Space Festival, a fundraising event for an LGBT community centre in Canada. He was named one of eight local heroes by the "Toronto Star". The festival has raised over $2.5 million in the last 10 years.
Cineplex.
In 2009, Chantelois became editor of the movie magazine "Famous Quebec". Under his leadership, in 2010 "Famous Quebec" became "Le magazine Cineplex".
Pride Toronto.
In 2015, Chantelois was named the new executive director of Pride Toronto.
In 2016, under his leadership, the first Pride Month in Canada was launched, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau was the first sitting prime minister to march in the Pride parade, and for the first time ever the official Pride and Trans flags were raised at the same time to help kick off Pride Month.
Guests at Pride Toronto during Chantelois's tenure included RuPaul, Pussy Riot, Cyndi Lauper, Chaz Bono, John Waters, George Takei, and Margaret Atwood. The event also got Guinness World Record recognition for the world's largest stage show of drag artists, with 73 drag queens and kings taking to the stage.
He resigned the position on August 11, 2016, to take a position at Cineplex Media, approximately six weeks after both receiving praise and facing criticism over his handling of the Black Lives Matter demand that Toronto Police officers be barred from participating in Pride events in uniform. His resignation was amidst staff allegations of racism, sexism, and sexual harassment; however, the allegations were never substantiated and he was never officially accused of any wrongdoing.
Boys and Girls Clubs of Canada.
In 2016, Chantelois was hired as vice-president of marketing and development at Boys and Girls Clubs of Canada , where he had previously worked as director of marketing and communications.
He was responsible for the launch of the PSAs "Great Futures Start Here" in 2014 and "Kid of Privilege" in 2018. He served as vice president of development and external affairs for the organization until June 2019.
Canada Media Fund.
Chantelois currently serves as vice president, communications and promotion at the Canada Media Fund, a position he has held since June 2019.
He has been a spokesperson for Made / Nous, promoting Canadian content in the entertainment industry. In April 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic, he launched a virtual Canadian road trip where actors Jay Baruchel and Marc-Andre Grondin tweeted their recommended Canadian TV shows or movies every day for a month. He also partnered with actors Simu Liu and Maitreyi Ramakrishnan to highlight notable Asian Canadians as part of Asian and South Asian Heritage month. He has been a vocal advocate for more inclusivity in Canadian children's content.
In 2021, Chantelois led the rebranding of Canada Media Fund, with a focus on equity, inclusion, and decolonization, including representation of 12+ Indigenous languages, such as Dene, Gwich'in, Inuvialuit, Maliseet, Mi’kmaq, Mitchif, Northern Cree, Ojibway, Oji-Cree, Plains Cree, Sḵwxw̱ú7mesh sníchim (Squamish), and Woodland Cree.
Chantelois was also responsible for the launch of the Made | Nous #SeekMore campaign, which encourages Canadians to seek out Canadian film, television, and video games created by underrepresented and marginalized voices. The campaign was promoted by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to his 5.6 million Twitter followers.
Personal life.
Chantelois married Marcelo Gomez in 2003 in Toronto, Ontario. They were one of the first gay couples to be married in Canada following the legalization of same-sex marriage in Ontario, so soon after the court decision that the city of Toronto had not yet produced gender-neutral marriage licence forms.
In March 2019, he wrote an op-ed piece, published by several media outlets, about his own evolution from seeing himself as a Québécois who lived in Toronto to seeing himself as a true Franco-Ontarian.
In March 2020, with the help of a surrogate, Chantelois and Gomez became the fathers of Oscar-James, a baby boy.

</doc>
<doc id="6957513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957513" title="Dynastes">
Dynastes

Dynastes is a genus of large beetles belonging to the family Scarabaeidae. They occur in the Nearctic realm and in the Neotropical realm, from the United States to Brazil; four North American species (including Mexico), three with distributions extending from Central America either north or south, and two species endemic to South America.
Description.
Males of "Dynastes" bear two long horns, one on the head, and the other on the pronotum, forming a "plier"; the pronotal horn has reddish setae on its underside. This pronotal horn is absent in females. Some species have an iridescent colouration to their elytra. Certain species of the genus "Dynastes" also have the ability to change colour. Specific species have been noted to occur with either black or yellowish to khaki green elytra. This variation in colour is due to a spongy layer below the transparent cuticle; this spongy layer is a network of filamentous strands made up of three-dimensional photonic crystals lying parallel to the cuticle surface. When the cuticle is filled with gas this layer can show through, presenting the yellow to khaki green colour, but when filled with fluid the cuticle appears black. This is due to the change in refraction index allowing us to see the difference in colours. This system is known as a hygrochromic effect. Female "Dynastes" can change colour but not as completely as males, which is not yet explained as the mechanism for the colour change is still not completely understood. What is known is that changes in humidity affect the levels of moisture in the cuticle which leads to a change in colour in most cases. Since the change is due to humidity it is a reversible process, however, it has been observed that after multiple colour changes or high stress the beetles will maintain some dark spots on their cuticle. Some hypotheses for why this colour change occurs at all are the ability to blend with surroundings depending on the time of day (black for nighttime and yellow for daytime) to best avoid their main predator, the tropical screech owl ("Megascops choliba"). Another theory has to do with thermoregulation in the sense that a black beetle heats up faster than yellow and then once they have warmed up theoretically there will be less moisture in the cuticle which leads to changing to a colour which does not heat as quickly so they won't overheat.
Species.
There are eight species currently recognized in the genus, not counting putative subspecies of "D. hercules (Hercules beetle)":
Hybridization.
Although there are numerous species under the genus "Dynastes", some are able to produce viable offspring with one another. This has been observed in captivity, but it is unclear if wild beetles will engage in acts of hybridization. Certain species such as "D. grantii" and "D. hyllus" are believed to be sister species, while "D. tityus" is thought to be a sister taxon to the Central American "white Hercules" lineage. The intermediate species that bridges the "white Hercules" and the "giant Hercules" lineages is thought to be "D. maya".
Life cycle.
The larval stage of "Dynastes hercules" will last one to two years, with the larva growing up to in length and weighing more than . Much of the life of the larva is spent tunneling through rotting wood. After the larval period, transformation into a pupa, and moulting, the beetle then emerges as an adult. Adults of most species can live from two to ten months and some can even live one or two years. Eastern Hercules beetles, "D. tityus", can live six to twenty-three months in captivity with a hibernation period. Western Hercules beetles, "D. grantii", tend to have a shorter adult lifespan in the wild (two to four months), but in captivity they live for about the same amount of time as the eastern species. It has also been noted that captive longevity is possible without a hibernation period.

</doc>
<doc id="6957520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957520" title="Victor Piţurcǎ">
Victor Piţurcǎ



</doc>
<doc id="6957521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957521" title="Charles C. Hughes Stadium">
Charles C. Hughes Stadium

Charles C. Hughes Stadium (commonly referred to as Hughes Stadium) is an outdoor stadium in the Western United States, located at Sacramento City College in Sacramento, California. The stadium opened in 1928 and was initially known as "Sacramento Stadium" and "Sacramento College Stadium". It was renamed in November 1944 in honor of Charles Colfax Hughes, the first superintendent of the Sacramento City Unified School District, who died a month earlier.
In 2012, the stadium underwent a major overhaul, installing an artificial turf field surface, a new track surface, and a major refurbishment of the facilities documented in this video. Its present seating capacity 
Location.
Hughes Stadium is located on the eastern portion of the Sacramento City College campus. The Union Pacific (ex Western Pacific) railroad tracks are to the east and Sutterville Road is to the south; its bridge over the tracks is visible from the western seats. The City College station of Sacramento Regional Transit District's Blue Line is to the northeast, and the stadium's parking lots are to the northwest and northeast.
The football field has a near north–south alignment, but slightly northwest-southeast. The open end of the U-shaped grandstand is to the south, with the scoreboard. The elevation of the field is approximately above sea level.
Events and teams hosted.
Football.
Sacramento Surge.
Former World League of American Football football team the Sacramento Surge, the only American team to ever win the World Bowl, played its inaugural season at Hughes Stadium in 1991, before relocating to Hornet Stadium on the Sacramento State University campus in 1992. The Sacramento Surge played five home games at Hughes Stadium, with ticket prices ranging from $40 to $100.
The Sacramento Surge, which played in the World League of American Football (WLAF) in 1991 and 1992, featured many notable football stars. The team was coached by Kay Stephenson, former Buffalo Bills quarterback and head coach, with Charlie Sumner as the defensive coordinator and Jim Haslett as the defensive assistant coach. Mike Keller served as General Manager, while Special Projects was led by Jack Youngblood, who also partnered with Joe Starkey and Ronnie Lott on the Surge radio broadcasts KRAK. Future professional wrestler Bill Goldberg also played for the team.
In 1992, the Surge played in the World Bowl. The Surge won the game, 21–17, behind quarterback David Archer's MVP performance (22 completions of 33 attempts for 286 yards, two touchdowns and one interception). The game would be the only World Bowl involving two North American-based WLAF teams, as well as the only World Bowl played on North American soil.
The Surge was owned by Fred Anderson, who, upon the WLAF going on hiatus after the 1992 season, continued Sacramento's professional football presence by forming the Sacramento Gold Miners, which played in the Canadian Football League for three years, albeit at Hornet Stadium.
Camellia Bowl.
Hughes Stadium hosted sixteen college football bowl games known as the Camellia Bowl between 1961 and 1980. The first three games were for the NAIA national football championship. The 1964–72 games were one of four regional bowls that led up to a poll to determine the NCAA College Division championship, prior to the current Division II playoff structure, initiated in 1973. It was also the site of the third Division I-AA championship game in 1980, in which Boise State defeated defending champion Eastern Kentucky with a late touchdown in the fog on 
Sacramento Capitols.
The Sacramento Capitols of the Continental Football League used Hughes Stadium as their home field in 1968 and 1969, before the league folded.
Causeway Classic.
Though Sacramento State and UC Davis traditionally switched stadiums for the annual Causeway Classic football game, Hughes Stadium was used as a third-party venue for several games in the 1970s, 1980s, 1990s, and last in 2002. It was the host of the famous "mud bowl" in 2000, where wind and rain was so strong that a UC Davis punt actually flew backwards during the game.
Pig Bowl.
For many years the "Pig Bowl" was played at Hughes Stadium, an annual football game between police officers. The teams were composed of the Sacramento City Police Officers and the Sacramento County Sheriff's Deputies, and these games were mostly played in the 1970s.
Sacramento Mountain Lions.
During the 2012 season, the Sacramento Mountain Lions of the United Football League used Hughes Stadium as their practice facility.
Sacramento Solons.
The Sacramento Solons, a Triple-A Minor League Baseball team affiliated with the Milwaukee Brewers played three seasons in Hughes Stadium from 1974 to 1976. In 1976, the Solons' affiliation changed to the Texas Rangers. As a football and track stadium, the field was expectedly unsuitable for baseball, with a left field foul line reportedly at just , or 17 feet shorter than the minimum requirement of , but baseballs hit over the high screen were still counted as home runs. This photo, though somewhat exaggerated due to the zoom lens, provides a sense of the closeness of the left field area.
Track and field championships.
Hughes Stadium was the site of the AAU National Championships in 1968; on the evening of June 20, Jim Hines, Ronnie Ray Smith, and Charlie Greene all bettered the world record (hand timed) of ten seconds in the 100 metres (and several others were very and is famous amongst track and field historians as the It was also host to the 1995 NCAA Men's Outdoor Track and Field Championships as well as several other championship events. The stadium was the host of most long-distance races at the 2011 World Masters Athletics Championships .
Hughes Stadium was one of the regular sites that would host the California Interscholastic Federation State Track and Field Championships on a rotational basis. The meet was held on ten different occasions from 1979 to 2007. (1979, 1982, 1985, 1987, 1997, 1999, 2001, 2004, 2005, 2007) 
Boxing.
On September 9, 1978, Pete Ranzany fought for the world (WBA) welterweight title against champion José "Pipino" Cuevas. A crowd of over 17,000 saw Cuevas knock out Ranzany in the 
Motor racing.
Hughes Stadium's track has been used for Midget car racing.Hughes Stadium's legacy began more than 80 years ago | Valley Community Newspapers, Inc.
Hughes Stadium's track has been used for Speedway Motorcycle Races 1957/58
Sacramento Republic FC.
The expansion USL Pro soccer club Sacramento Republic FC played the first few home games of 2014 at Hughes Stadium, where their per-game attendance dwarfed that of the rest of the league, and where they recorded three sellouts. The team left Hughes in June 2014 for Bonney Field, a newly built facility in Cal Expo with a full-sized soccer field and lower capacity.
Concerts.
Sacramento Pop Festival.
The Sacramento Pop Festival was held at Hughes in 1967 on Sunday, October 15, headlined by Jefferson Airplane, Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, Strawberry Alarm Clock, and It was held four months after the Monterey Pop Festival.
Pink Floyd.
In 1988, Hughes Stadium was the venue for Pink Floyd during their "Momentary Lapse of Reason" tour, with a sold-out crowd of 27,000 on April 20.
Doobie Brothers/Santana.
On August 16, 1981, 21,041 fans attended the "Rockin' the Capital" concert, according to Billboard Magazine. The Doobie Brothers headlined the concert and were joined by Santana, Rick Springfield, Gamma and Ranger.

</doc>
<doc id="6957528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957528" title="ESP Navigator Series">
ESP Navigator Series



</doc>
<doc id="6957537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957537" title="Liberty Hill Independent School District">
Liberty Hill Independent School District

Liberty Hill Independent School District is a 5A public school district based in Liberty Hill, Texas, United States. Their mascot is a panther.
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="6957538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957538" title="Liberty Hill ISD">
Liberty Hill ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6957543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957543" title="Astano">
Astano

Astano is a former municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 6 April 2025, the former municipalities of Astano, Bedigliora, Curio, Miglieglia and Novaggio merged to form the new municipality of Lema.
History.
Astano is first mentioned in 1272 as "Astanum". The old village center has some architecturally notable buildings, such as the Ca' da Roma. In the Middle Ages the monastery of S. Pietro in Ciel d'Oro owned land in Astano. In the 13th century, there was a Humiliati monastery in the village. When it was abandoned in the mid-15th century, the property passed to the Humiliati monastery of S. Caterina in Lugano. In 1612 it became a separate parish. The parish church of S. Pietro was built in 1654 on the ruins of an old chapel.
The village produced a number of architects who emigrated to other countries for work, including Domenico Trezzini and members of the De Marchi and Donati families. Traditional agriculture included the use of the Alpe di Monte (alpine pasture) on Monte Rogoria. The gold-bearing strata of the Monte Sceree was mined, starting in the early 19th century and running until after World War II, when the mine stopped producing. Today is a spa town with good tourist infrastructure and many commuters to the Lugano valley.
Geography.
Astano has an area, , of . Of this area, or 13.5% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 84.9% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 9.0% is settled (buildings or roads) and or 0.5% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 6.6% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.1%. while parks, green belts and sports fields made up 1.3%. Out of the forested land, 81.5% of the total land area is heavily forested and 3.4% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 6.3% is used for growing crops and 6.6% is used for alpine pastures.
The municipality is located in the Lugano district, in the middle Malcantone Valley.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Gules a goat rampant between two bezants in bend."
Demographics.
Astano has a population () of . , 10.6% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 15.2%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (67.2%), with German being second most common (24.1%) and French being third (3.1%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 70 speak German, 9 people speak French, 195 people speak Italian, and 1 person speaks Romansh. The remainder (15 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 51.1% male and 48.9% female. The population was made up of 135 Swiss men (43.4% of the population), and 24 (7.7%) non-Swiss men. There were 137 Swiss women (44.1%), and 15 (4.8%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 3 live births to Swiss citizens and were 4 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 1 while the foreign population remained the same. At the same time, there was 1 non-Swiss man and 1 non-Swiss woman who emigrated from Switzerland to another country. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 2 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 1 people. This represents a population growth rate of 0.3%.
The age distribution, , in Astano is; 25 children or 8.0% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 21 teenagers or 6.8% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 26 people or 8.4% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 32 people or 10.3% are between 30 and 39, 46 people or 14.8% are between 40 and 49, and 57 people or 18.3% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 32 people or 10.3% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 42 people or 13.5% are between 70 and 79, there are 30 people or 9.6% who are over 80.
, there were 137 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.1 persons per household. there were 177 single family homes (or 81.6% of the total) out of a total of 217 inhabited buildings. There were 17 two family buildings (7.8%) and 14 multi-family buildings (6.5%). There were also 9 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.99%. there were 292 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 3 room apartment of which there were 85. There were 10 single room apartments and 85 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 137 apartments (46.9% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 150 apartments (51.4%) were seasonally occupied and 5 apartments (1.7%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Sights.
The entire village of Astano is designated as part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 24.31% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (20.86%), the Ticino League (16.57%) and the FDP (15.88%). In the federal election, a total of 97 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 37.6%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 257 registered voters in Astano, of which 130 or 50.6% voted. The most popular party was the LEGA which received 26 or 20.0% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 25 or 19.2%), the SSI (with 20 or 15.4%) and the PLRT (with 16 or 12.3%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, The most popular party was the PS which received 31 or 23.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 30 or 23.1%), the SSI (with 20 or 15.4%) and the PPD (with 15 or 11.5%).
Economy.
, Astano had an unemployment rate of 4.67%. , there were 2 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 1 business involved in this sector. 2 people were employed in the secondary sector and there was 1 business in this sector. 25 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 9 businesses in this sector. There were 114 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 31.6% of the workforce.
, there were 4 workers who commuted into the municipality and 75 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 18.8 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 4.4% used public transportation to get to work, and 62.3% used a private car.
, there was one hotel in Astano.
Religion.
From the , 182 or 62.8% were Roman Catholic, while 53 or 18.3% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 49 individuals (or about 16.90% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 6 individuals (or about 2.07% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Astano about 69.7% of the population (between age 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Astano there were a total of 35 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Astano there were 5 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years. In the municipality, 14 students attended the standard primary schools. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 8 students in the two-year middle school, while 4 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 2 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 2 who attend part-time.
, there were 40 students from Astano who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6957549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957549" title="Love Song (Tesla)">
Love Song (Tesla)



</doc>
<doc id="6957551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957551" title="ESP SV Series">
ESP SV Series



</doc>
<doc id="6957554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957554" title="Barbengo">
Barbengo

Barbengo is a quarter of the city of Lugano, Switzerland. It includes the settlements of Cadepiano, Campagnore, Casaccia, Cernesio, Garaverio and Figino. Barbengo was formerly a municipality of its own, having been incorporated into Lugano in 2008.
The population of Barbengo dropped by 3.9% between 2015 and 2020. 

</doc>
<doc id="6957557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957557" title="Bedano">
Bedano

Bedano is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
History.
During the Middle Ages it was under the jurisdiction of the monastery of S. Ambrogio in Milan, while the Bishop of Como possessed the right to tithe in Bedano.
It is part of the parish of Gravesano. In the village there are two chapels, the Chapel of Santa Maria (built in 1365, rebuilt before 1636) and S. Rocco from the 16th Century. North of Bedano are ruins of a small castle, which may have belonged to the Rusca family. Under Swiss Confederation rule, it was as a part of the district of Lugano.
At times, a large percentage of the population emigrated, due to poor conditions in the village. It is the original home of the artist and architect family, Albertolli, including Giocondo Albertolli. Like the rest of Vedeggio valley, in recent decades it has experienced, industrial growth, aided by a freight rail station at Bioggio.
Geography.
Bedano has an area, , of . Of this area, or 29.4% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 53.5% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 27.8% is settled (buildings or roads), or 3.2% is either rivers or lakes and or 1.6% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, industrial buildings made up 6.4% of the total area while housing and buildings made up 13.9% and transportation infrastructure made up 6.4%. Power and water infrastructure as well as other special developed areas made up 1.1% of the area Out of the forested land, 46.5% of the total land area is heavily forested and 7.0% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 15.0% is used for growing crops and 13.9% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water.
The municipality is located in the Lugano district, on the right bank of the Vedeggio. The old village center lies on the old Ponte Tresa to Monte Ceneri Pass road.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Argent a fir tree vert trunked and fructed proper issuant from a base of the second."
Demographics.
Bedano has a population () of . , 17.8% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 27%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (88.1%), with German being second most common (7.4%) and French being third (1.3%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 89 speak German, 15 people speak French, 1,054 people speak Italian, and 2 people speak Romansh. The remainder (36 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 48.2% male and 51.8% female. The population was made up of 557 Swiss men (39.1% of the population), and 130 (9.1%) non-Swiss men. There were 629 Swiss women (44.1%), and 109 (7.6%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 13 live births to Swiss citizens and 3 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 5 deaths of Swiss citizens and 3 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 8 while the foreign population remained the same. There were 2 Swiss men who emigrated from Switzerland and 1 Swiss woman who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 4 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 18 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 13 people. This represents a population growth rate of 0.4%.
The age distribution, , in Bedano is; 167 children or 11.7% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 170 teenagers or 11.9% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 121 people or 8.5% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 211 people or 14.8% are between 30 and 39, 266 people or 18.7% are between 40 and 49, and 164 people or 11.5% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 168 people or 11.8% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 97 people or 6.8% are between 70 and 79, there are 61 people or 4.3% who are over 80.
, there were 441 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.5 persons per household. there were 240 single family homes (or 71.4% of the total) out of a total of 336 inhabited buildings. There were 64 two family buildings (19.0%) and 20 multi-family buildings (6.0%). There were also 12 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.58%. there were 469 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 171. There were 8 single room apartments and 157 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 439 apartments (93.6% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 22 apartments (4.7%) were seasonally occupied and 8 apartments (1.7%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 29.69% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (19.98%), the SP (19.63%) and the Ticino League (14.13%). In the federal election, a total of 382 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 45.2%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 849 registered voters in Bedano, of which 561 or 66.1% voted. 11 blank ballots were cast, leaving 550 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 128 or 23.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 109 or 19.8%), the SSI (with 102 or 18.5%) and the PS (with 85 or 15.5%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 5 blank ballots and 1 null ballot were cast, leaving 555 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the LEGA which received 148 or 26.7% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 115 or 20.7%), the PS (with 103 or 18.6%) and the SSI (with 87 or 15.7%).
Economy.
, Bedano had an unemployment rate of 3.14%. , there were 25 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 5 businesses involved in this sector. 607 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 45 businesses in this sector. 521 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 46 businesses in this sector. There were 583 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 41.0% of the workforce.
, there were 1,193 workers who commuted into the municipality and 455 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net importer of workers, with about 2.6 workers entering the municipality for every one leaving. About 25.2% of the workforce coming into Bedano are coming from outside Switzerland. Of the working population, 10.5% used public transportation to get to work, and 66.4% used a private car.
, there was one hotel in Bedano.
Religion.
From the , 968 or 80.9% were Roman Catholic, while 94 or 7.9% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 102 individuals (or about 8.53% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 32 individuals (or about 2.68% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Bedano about 76.1% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Bedano there were a total of 273 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Bedano there were 45 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 83 students attended the standard primary schools and 4 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 59 students in the two-year middle school and 1 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 30 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 19 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 28 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 4 students in the professional program.
, there were 185 students from Bedano who attended schools outside the municipality.
Transport.
Bedano is served by the Taverne-Torricella station, situated on the border with the adjoining municipality of Lamone and Torricella-Taverne. The station is on the Gotthard railway.

</doc>
<doc id="6957564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957564" title="Bedigliora">
Bedigliora

Bedigliora is a former municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 6 April 2025, the former municipalities of Astano, Bedigliora, Curio, Miglieglia and Novaggio merged to form the new municipality of Lema.
History.
Bedigliora is first mentioned in 1335 as "Bedaliola". The settlement of Banco is first mentioned as "Bango" in 1421.
Traces of prehistoric settlements in the area include a Neolithic era ax, tombs from the Iron Age, a stele with northern Etruscan inscriptions and a domed grave. During the Middle Ages, Bedigliora and Banco along with Curio and Novaggio formed a "Kastlanei".
The provost's Church of St. Roch was consecrated in 1644, however it was built over an older chapel. The church of San Salvatore in Banco goes back to the Middle Ages and was originally the religious and secular center of the "Kastlanei". In 1612, Bedigliora became the seat of the parish church.
The temporary emigration of earlier centuries has been replaced by a largely commuting population. In 1990, about two-thirds of the population commuted, mostly to Lugano.
Bedigliora has a primary and a secondary school.
Geography.
Bedigliora has an area, , of . Of this area, or 17.7% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 77.0% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 13.3% is settled (buildings or roads).
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 8.5% and transportation infrastructure made up 3.6%. Out of the forested land, 69.8% of the total land area is heavily forested and 7.3% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 8.5% is used for growing crops and 8.5% is used for alpine pastures.
The municipality is located in the Lugano district, on the southern slope of Monte Bedeglia in the mid-Malcantone valley. It consists of the village of Bedigliora and the hamlets of Nerocco, Beride and Banco.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Per pale gules a nail argent and or an owl sable." Both the nail () and the owl () refer to the nicknames of the settlements of Bedigliora and Banco, respectively."
Demographics.
Bedigliora has a population () of . , 9.1% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 17.5%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (85.2%), with German being second most common (10.2%) and French being third (1.9%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 55 speak German, 10 people speak French, 460 people speak Italian, and 1 person speaks Romansh. The remainder (14 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 47.6% male and 52.4% female. The population was made up of 278 Swiss men (42.6% of the population), and 33 (5.1%) non-Swiss men. There were 318 Swiss women (48.7%), and 24 (3.7%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 2 live births to Swiss citizens, 3 deaths of Swiss citizens and 1 non-Swiss citizen death. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 1 while the foreign population decreased by 1. There was 1 non-Swiss man who emigrated from Switzerland to another country. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 5 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 3 people. This represents a population growth rate of 0.3%.
The age distribution, , in Bedigliora is; 62 children or 9.5% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 90 teenagers or 13.8% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 61 people or 9.3% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 75 people or 11.5% are between 30 and 39, 139 people or 21.3% are between 40 and 49, and 93 people or 14.2% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 60 people or 9.2% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 40 people or 6.1% are between 70 and 79, there are 33 people or 5.1% who are over 80.
, there were 233 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.3 persons per household. there were 201 single family homes (or 74.7% of the total) out of a total of 269 inhabited buildings. There were 41 two family buildings (15.2%) and 17 multi-family buildings (6.3%). There were also 10 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 347 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 5 room apartment of which there were 125. There were 18 single room apartments and 125 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 232 apartments (66.9% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 110 apartments (31.7%) were seasonally occupied and 5 apartments (1.4%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 8 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Sights.
The entire village of Bedigliora is designated as part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 24.15% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (23.75%), the FDP (21.5%) and the Ticino League (14.9%). In the federal election, a total of 170 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 36.3%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 470 registered voters in Bedigliora, of which 249 or 53.0% voted. 2 blank ballots were cast, leaving 247 valid ballots in the election. The most popular parties were the PLRT and PS both of which received 56 or 22.7% of the vote. The next two most popular parties were; the PPD+GenGiova (with 45 or 18.2%) and the LEGA (with 31 or 12.6%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 1 blank ballot was cast, leaving 249 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PS which received 63 or 25.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 54 or 21.7%), the PLRT (with 49 or 19.7%) and the PPD (with 41 or 16.5%).
Economy.
, Bedigliora had an unemployment rate of 3.31%. , there were 8 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 5 businesses involved in this sector. 10 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 5 businesses in this sector. 86 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 16 businesses in this sector. There were 242 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 45.9% of the workforce.
, there were 55 workers who commuted into the municipality and 175 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 3.2 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 7.3% of the workforce coming into Bedigliora are coming from outside Switzerland. Of the working population, 6.6% used public transportation to get to work, and 63.6% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 411 or 76.1% were Roman Catholic, while 34 or 6.3% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 66 individuals (or about 12.22% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 29 individuals (or about 5.37% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Bedigliora about 81% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Bedigliora there were a total of 136 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Bedigliora there were 22 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 35 students attended the standard primary schools and 2 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 42 students in the two-year middle school and 1 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 11 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 7 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 15 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There was 1 student in the professional program.
, there were 310 students in Bedigliora who came from another municipality, while 21 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6957569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957569" title="List of Type 97 Chi-Ha variants">
List of Type 97 Chi-Ha variants

This is a list of vehicles developed from the Japanese Type 97 Chi-Ha medium tank and its direct lineage.

</doc>
<doc id="6957572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957572" title="Bidogno">
Bidogno

Bidogno was a municipality in the district of Lugano, in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Coat of arms.
The municipality's coat of arms was: "Gules a he-goat sable passant and in base two ears of oat issuant."

</doc>
<doc id="6957575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957575" title="ESP Lakland Series">
ESP Lakland Series



</doc>
<doc id="6957580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957580" title="Bioggio">
Bioggio

Bioggio is a municipality in the district of Lugano, in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
The municipality was created in 2004 with the union of old town of Bioggio with Bosco Luganese and Cimo. In 2008, Iseo chose to be part of the municipality and be aggregated with the other old municipalities.
History.
Bioggio is first mentioned in 1335 as "Biegio". Finds from the Roman era bear witness to the former importance of Bioggio. In 1962 a farm house from the 3rd century was discovered, and in 1992 a market building with baths was discovered. Equally important are the recent discoveries made in the restoration of the chapel of S. Ilario, where the remains of a wooden religious building from the 8th century were found. In the Middle Ages noble families from Comacina and Lugano owned extensive property in Bioggio. The old mansions of the counts of Riva and Rusca, and a country estate for the Avogadro family from Como. The church had extensive holdings as well. In the 13th century the monastery of S. Maria in Torello (Carona) owned numerous rental houses and farms. In the 17th century these holdings were transferred to the monastery of S. Antonio in Lugano. In 1852 this property was confiscated by the Canton and auctioned.
In 1261, the church of S. Maurizio is mentioned. A series of excavations in 1997–98 discovered that the foundations can be dated back to the 5th–6th century. The new parish church rebuilt in 1773–91 in a classicist style, but the tower is from the older church. The S. Ilario chapel on the hill of the same name was extended in 1680 and remained unchanged since then.
Historically, Bioggio was located on the transit axis (Strada Regina) from Ponte Tresa to Monte Ceneri pass. Today, it has highway access and part of the Lugano-Agno airport and a freight station of the Swiss Federal Railways are located in the municipality. Since 1912, it has been served by the regional railway Lugano-Ponte Tresa line. In the 1960s, a major industrial zone was built in the valley. It is now part of the agglomeration between Ponte Tresa and Rivera.
Geography.
Bioggio has an area, , of . Of this area, or 20.7% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 12.4% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 18.5% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.8% is either rivers or lakes and or 0.3% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, industrial buildings made up 3.9% of the total area while housing and buildings made up 5.4% and transportation infrastructure made up 7.0%. Power and water infrastructure as well as other special developed areas made up 1.9% of the area Out of the forested land, 9.6% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.8% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 13.1% is used for growing crops, while 2.2% is used for orchards or vine crops and 5.4% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water.
The municipality is located in the Lugano district, in the lower Vedeggio valley. It consists of the village of Bioggio and the hamlets of Gaggio and Mulini. In 2004 Cimo and Bosco Luganese merged into Bioggio.
Coat of arms.
The present coat of arms of the municipality was adopted in 2004, replacing the arms of the three previous municipalities. The blazon, which combines elements from the older arms, is "Per pale gules a sword point downwards or and azure an ash tree of the second, in base a barrulet wavy abased argent and in centre base a fleur de lis of the same banded or."
Demographics.
Bioggio has a population () of . , 17.9% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 13.5%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (85.1%), with German being second most common (9.7%) and French being third (1.6%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 118 speak German, 22 people speak French, 1,312 people speak Italian, and 1 person speaks Romansh. The remainder (51 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 47.1% male and 52.9% female. The population was made up of 912 Swiss men (37.8% of the population), and 225 (9.3%) non-Swiss men. There were 1,081 Swiss women (44.8%), and 197 (8.2%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 15 live births to Swiss citizens and 1 birth to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 15 deaths of Swiss citizens and 1 non-Swiss citizen death. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens remained the same while the foreign population remained the same. There was 1 Swiss man who immigrated back to Switzerland and 1 Swiss woman who emigrated from Switzerland. At the same time, there were 6 non-Swiss men and 11 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 18 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 17 people. This represents a population growth rate of 0.1%.
The age distribution, , in Bioggio is; 222 children or 9.2% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 262 teenagers or 10.8% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 241 people or 10.0% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 334 people or 13.8% are between 30 and 39, 449 people or 18.6% are between 40 and 49, and 336 people or 13.9% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 270 people or 11.2% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 178 people or 7.4% are between 70 and 79, there are 123 people or 5.1% who are over 80.
, there were 861 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.4 persons per household. there were 242 single family homes (or 63.7% of the total) out of a total of 380 inhabited buildings. There were 75 two family buildings (19.7%) and 39 multi-family buildings (10.3%). There were also 24 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.28%. there were 690 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 200. There were 20 single room apartments and 191 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 625 apartments (90.6% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 26 apartments (3.8%) were seasonally occupied and 39 apartments (5.7%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0.9 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Heritage Sites of national significance.
The Roman Cult Site and Church of S. Maurizio are listed as Swiss heritage sites of national significance. The entire village of Iseo is listed on the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 28.66% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (25.5%), the Ticino League (15.99%) and the SP (14.4%). In the federal election, a total of 727 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 47.4%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 1,520 registered voters in Bioggio, of which 997 or 65.6% voted. 14 blank ballots and 4 null ballots were cast, leaving 979 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 267 or 27.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD+GenGiova (with 189 or 19.3%), the SSI (with 159 or 16.2%) and the LEGA (with 137 or 14.0%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 9 blank ballots and 8 null ballots were cast, leaving 979 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 244 or 24.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 210 or 21.5%), the PPD (with 179 or 18.3%) and the SSI (with 153 or 15.6%).
Economy.
, Bioggio had an unemployment rate of 2.76%. , there were 23 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 8 businesses involved in this sector. 1,482 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 58 businesses in this sector. 1,340 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 123 businesses in this sector. There were 738 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 43.5% of the workforce.
, there were 3,276 workers who commuted into the municipality and 537 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net importer of workers, with about 6.1 workers entering the municipality for every one leaving. About 24.8% of the workforce coming into Bioggio are coming from outside Switzerland. Of the working population, 11.1% used public transportation to get to work, and 63% used a private car.
, there was one hotel in Bioggio.
Darwin Airline has its headquarters in Bioggio.
Religion.
From the , 1,215 or 80.8% were Roman Catholic, while 119 or 7.9% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 128 individuals (or about 8.51% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 42 individuals (or about 2.79% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Bioggio about 77.6% of the population (between age 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Bioggio there were a total of 402 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Bioggio there were 72 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 106 students attended the standard primary schools and 3 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 92 students in the two-year middle school and 2 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 55 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 27 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 42 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 3 students in the professional program.
, there were 75 students in Bioggio who came from another municipality, while 143 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Transport.
Bioggio is served by Bioggio station and Bioggio Molinazzo station, both of which are on the metre gauge Lugano–Ponte Tresa railway that connects to Lugano. The stations are served by regular trains, operating every 15 minutes during weekday daytime, and every half-hour at other times. Bioggio is also served by buses of the Autopostale.

</doc>
<doc id="6957587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957587" title="Florence Independent School District">
Florence Independent School District

Florence Independent School District is a public school district based in Florence, Texas (USA).
Located in Williamson County, a small portion of the district extends into Bell County.
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="6957588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957588" title="Florence ISD">
Florence ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6957598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957598" title="Bogno">
Bogno

Bogno is a former municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013 the former municipalities of Bogno, Cadro, Carona, Certara, Cimadera, Valcolla and Sonvico merged into the municipality of Lugano.
History.
Bogno is first mentioned in the 13th century as "Bonio". It grew into a permanent settlement from the seasonal herding camps around the alpine pastures. The pastures were originally used by the inhabitants of the settlements of Sonvico, Colla, Insone, Scareglia, Signora and Piandera.
The church of S. Rocco is first mentioned in 1591. It was renovated and extended in 1780. In 1811, it was demolished by the parish of Colla.
The agricultural community maintained close relations with the neighboring Italian villages of the Val Cavargna which were reached by crossing the high S. Lucio pass. Throughout most of its history the village was isolated from most of the rest of the country. This changed in 1854 when the first road was built into the valley. About three decades later, in 1886, another road was completed. The new roads tied the village more closely with the city of Lugano. In the 20th century, the population dropped sharply because fewer agriculture jobs forced the residents to migrate to Lugano. Many houses have been converted to second homes and vacation homes. The main businesses in the municipality are a carpenter and an inn.
Geography.
Bogno is located in the upper Val Colla, at the confluence of the streams that make up the Cassarate River, and below the San Lucio Pass.
Before the merger, Bogno had a total area of . Of this area, or 6.4% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 53.7% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 3.1% is settled (buildings or roads) and or 6.7% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 1.2% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.7%. Out of the forested land, 49.6% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.1% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 5.2% is used for growing crops and 1.2% is used for alpine pastures. Of the unproductive areas, 6.4% is unproductive vegetation and .
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Or an oak vert trunked sable issuant from a mount of the second with a bar wavy argent."
Demographics.
Bogno had a population (as of 2011) of 144. , 12.9% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 8.4%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (84.9%), with German being second most common (11.8%) and French being third (1.1%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 11 speak German, 1 person speaks French, 79 people speak Italian. The remainder (2 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 55.0% male and 45.0% female. The population was made up of 63 Swiss men (48.1% of the population), and 9 (6.9%) non-Swiss men. There were 50 Swiss women (38.2%), and 9 (6.9%) non-Swiss women.
In there was 1 live birth to Swiss citizens and . Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 1 while the foreign population remained the same. There was 1 Swiss woman who emigrated from Switzerland. At the same time, there was 1 non-Swiss man and 2 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 3 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 8 people. This represents a population growth rate of -3.9%.
The age distribution, , in Bogno is; 10 children or 7.6% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 15 teenagers or 11.5% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 15 people or 11.5% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 19 people or 14.5% are between 30 and 39, 18 people or 13.7% are between 40 and 49, and 16 people or 12.2% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 18 people or 13.7% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 14 people or 10.7% are between 70 and 79, there are 6 people or 4.6% who are over 80.
, there were 41 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.2 persons per household. there were 105 single family homes (or 93.8% of the total) out of a total of 112 inhabited buildings. There were 3 two family buildings (2.7%) and 2 multi-family buildings (1.8%). There were also 2 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 117 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 38. There were 10 single room apartments and 26 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 41 apartments (35.0% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 75 apartments (64.1%) were seasonally occupied and 1 apartment (0.9%) was empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the Ticino League which received 27.75% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (23.7%), the FDP (21.1%) and the SP (16.76%). In the federal election, a total of 44 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 42.7%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 92 registered voters in Bogno, of which 59 or 64.1% voted. The most popular party was the LEGA which received 16 or 27.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT and the PPD+GenGiova ( both with 10 or 16.9%) and the PS (with 9 or 15.3%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 1 null ballot was cast, leaving 58 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the LEGA which received 20 or 34.5% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD (with 12 or 20.7%), the PLRT (with 10 or 17.2%) and the PS (with 8 or 13.8%).
Economy.
, Bogno had an unemployment rate of 4.82%. , there were people employed in the primary economic sector and about businesses involved in this sector. 2 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 2 businesses in this sector. 11 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 5 businesses in this sector. There were 37 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 40.5% of the workforce.
, there were 7 workers who commuted into the municipality and 22 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 3.1 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 0% used public transportation to get to work, and 78.4% used a private car. , there were 0 hotels in Bogno.
Religion.
From the , 78 or 83.9% were Roman Catholic, while 3 or 3.2% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 10 individuals (or about 10.75% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 2 individuals (or about 2.15% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Bogno about 58.3% of the population (between age 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Bogno there were a total of 15 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Bogno there were children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years. In the municipality, 2 students attended the standard primary schools. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 8 students in the two-year middle school, while 0 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There was 1 vocational student who was attending school full-time and 4 who attend part-time.
, there were 4 students from Bogno who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6957599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957599" title="Bočiar">
Bočiar

Bočiar () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1249.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 210 metres and covers an area of 4.721 km2. It has a population of about 220 people.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6957602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957602" title="Bociar">
Bociar



</doc>
<doc id="6957604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957604" title="ESP Italia Series">
ESP Italia Series



</doc>
<doc id="6957605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957605" title="Brusino Arsizio">
Brusino Arsizio

Brusino Arsizio (Lombard: "Brüsin Sciss") is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland on the Lake of Lugano.
History.
The village has been inhabited since the Roman era. In 1970, a plundered Roman grave was found with grave goods. The modern municipality of Brusino Arsizio is first mentioned in 1167 as "Bruxia".
In the 8th Century the Totoniden family of Campione d'Italia possessed land in the village. Around 1227, the monastery of S. Ambrogio in Milan acquired property. They built a tower or other fortification to help support the fortifications of Campione. In 1671 it was mentioned as "Castrum Brugini Arsitii".
The parish church of San Michele, which was built during the era of the Lombard kings, broke away in 1508 from the mother church of Riva San Vitale.
Until the beginning of the 20th century, the activity of the population were linked with small cultivation, fishing and the cut of wood that was afterward brought to Lugano by boat and then sold at the local market. From the second half of the 19th century innovations were brought to Brusino. In 1875, the street that linked Brusino with Riva San Vitale was built, and then, in 1906 the street that linked Brusino with Porto Ceresio (Italy) was also finished.
In 1910 the drinking water was available in Brusino, and in 1914 also the electricity. From the post-war period, with the beginning of the mass tourism, hotel business started to become really important in this village (in 1958 the overnight stayings reached its climax with 33700 stayings). Nowadays Brusino is still a touristic village with almost 50% of the houses that are second-residence for tourist.
Coat of arms.
The municipal coat of arms is: "Azure a tower argent flammant gules."
Geography.
Brusino Arsizio has an area, , of . Of this area, or 7.2% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 89.6% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 7.7% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.0% is either rivers or lakes and or 0.2% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 5.0% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.7%. Out of the forested land, all of the forested land area is covered with heavy forests. Of the agricultural land, 1.7% is used for growing crops and 5.0% is used for alpine pastures. Of the water in the municipality, 0.7% is in lakes and 0.2% is in rivers and streams.
The municipality is located in the Lugano district along the road from "punta di Poiana" (in Riva San Vitale) along Lake Lugano to the Italian border at Porto Ceresio. It consists of the village of Brusino Arsizio and the settlements of and Serpiano.
Demographics.
Brusino Arsizio has a population () of . , 8.6% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 4.1%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (80.0%), with German being second most common (12.1%) and French being third (2.6%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 55 speak German, 12 people speak French, 363 people speak Italian. The remainder (24 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.0% male and 50.0% female. The population was made up of 209 Swiss men (44.1% of the population), and 28 (5.9%) non-Swiss men. There were 214 Swiss women (45.1%), and 23 (4.9%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 3 live births to Swiss citizens and were 3 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens remained the same while the foreign population remained the same. There was 1 non-Swiss man who immigrated from another country to Switzerland and 2 non-Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland to another country. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 9 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 11 people. This represents a population growth rate of −0.4%.
The age distribution, , in Brusino Arsizio is; 36 children or 7.6% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 42 teenagers or 8.9% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 43 people or 9.1% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 53 people or 11.2% are between 30 and 39, 81 people or 17.1% are between 40 and 49, and 88 people or 18.6% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 59 people or 12.4% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 39 people or 8.2% are between 70 and 79, there are 33 people or 7.0% who are over 80.
, there were 205 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.1 persons per household. there were 215 single family homes (or 73.6% of the total) out of a total of 292 inhabited buildings. There were 48 two family buildings (16.4%) and 23 multi-family buildings (7.9%). There were also 6 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 425 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 121. There were 30 single room apartments and 94 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 202 apartments (47.5% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 221 apartments (52.0%) were seasonally occupied and 2 apartments (0.5%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 2.2 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Sights.
The entire village of Brusino Arsizio is designated as part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 27.45% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (21.86%), the SP (21.01%) and the Ticino League (12.35%). In the federal election, a total of 165 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 48.2%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 356 registered voters in Brusino Arsizio, of which 237 or 66.6% voted. 2 blank ballots were cast, leaving 235 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 55 or 23.4% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 52 or 22.1%), the PLRT (with 42 or 17.9%) and the SSI (with 34 or 14.5%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 4 blank ballots were cast, leaving 233 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PS which received 58 or 24.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD (with 49 or 21.0%), the PLRT (with 45 or 19.3%) and the LEGA (with 37 or 15.9%).
Economy.
, Brusino Arsizio had an unemployment rate of 3.44%. , there were 9 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 1 business involved in this sector. 5 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 2 businesses in this sector. 126 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 23 businesses in this sector. There were 207 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 40.6% of the workforce.
, there were 126 workers who commuted into the municipality and 148 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.2 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 40.5% of the workforce coming into Brusino Arsizio are coming from outside Switzerland. Of the working population, 5.3% used public transportation to get to work, and 72.5% used a private car.
, there were 3 hotels in Brusino Arsizio with a total of 119 rooms and 175 beds.
Religion.
From the , 361 or 79.5% were Roman Catholic, while 40 or 8.8% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 41 individuals (or about 9.03% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 12 individuals (or about 2.64% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Brusino Arsizio about 78.2% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Brusino Arsizio there were a total of 54 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Brusino Arsizio there were 5 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years. In the municipality, 12 students attended the standard primary schools. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 14 students in the two-year middle school, while 9 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 7 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 4 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 3 students in the professional program.
, there were 49 students from Brusino Arsizio who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6957613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957613" title="Cadempino">
Cadempino

Cadempino is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
History.
Cadempino is first mentioned in 1004 as "Cadampinus". Originally, it was owned by the Totoniden family of Campione d'Italia. In 844 their lands, including Cadempino, were given to the monastery of S. Ambrogio in Milan. By 1004, Como Cathedral and the Abbey of San Pietro in Ciel d'Oro in Pavia, also owned property in the village.
In the 14th century the Church of SS Gervasio e Protasio was mentioned for the first time. It was part of the parish of Lamone in 1468 and in 1910 was raised to a Vicariate.
The grazing rights to the alpine meadows of Alp Traverno and Alp Guzzala were originally shared by Cadempino and Lamone. In 1507 Cadempino's rights were given to Isone. The shared grazing lands and disagreements over the border between Cadempino and Lamone led to a long-running disagreement. The two municipalities continued to fight over their mutual border until 1887.
Historically Cadempino was a farming community, with a little income from seasonal migrations and exploitation of sand pits. However, in the 20th century it changed as many industrial and commercial enterprises have settled in the municipality along the highway. The population has tripled since World War II, and is nearly one-third non-Swiss citizens. In 2001, a majority of workers (36 companies with 948 employees) worked in the industrial sector while the services sector had 75 companies but only 531 employees.
Geography.
Cadempino has an area, , of . Of this area, or 47.4% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 25.0% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 57.9% is settled (buildings or roads).
Of the built up area, industrial buildings made up 6.6% of the total area while housing and buildings made up 30.3% and transportation infrastructure made up 14.5%. while parks, green belts and sports fields made up 6.6%. Out of the forested land, 15.8% of the total land area is heavily forested and 9.2% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 14.5% is used for growing crops, while 2.6% is used for orchards or vine crops and 30.3% is used for alpine pastures.
The municipality is located in the Lugano district, on the left bank of the Vedeggio near the Lugano Nord exit of the A2 motorway.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Azure a sword downpointing and a palm in saltire argent and in base a church of the same roofed gules and a fir tree vert."
Demographics.
Cadempino has a population () of . , 30.2% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 7.5%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (87.3%), with German being second most common (6.3%) and French being third (1.9%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 83 speak German, 25 people speak French, 1,150 people speak Italian, and 2 people speak Romansh. The remainder (57 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.8% male and 49.2% female. The population was made up of 501 Swiss men (33.4% of the population), and 261 (17.4%) non-Swiss men. There were 554 Swiss women (36.9%), and 184 (12.3%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 5 live births to Swiss citizens and 4 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 5 deaths of Swiss citizens and 1 non-Swiss citizen death. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens remained the same while the foreign population increased by 3. There were 3 Swiss men who immigrated back to Switzerland and 2 Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland. At the same time, there were 6 non-Swiss men and 7 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 16 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 63 people. This represents a population growth rate of 5.7%.
The age distribution, , in Cadempino is; 147 children or 9.8% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 167 teenagers or 11.1% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 154 people or 10.3% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 278 people or 18.5% are between 30 and 39, 269 people or 17.9% are between 40 and 49, and 189 people or 12.6% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 167 people or 11.1% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 77 people or 5.1% are between 70 and 79, there are 52 people or 3.5% who are over 80.
, there were 528 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.5 persons per household. there were 149 single family homes (or 58.7% of the total) out of a total of 254 inhabited buildings. There were 45 two family buildings (17.7%) and 42 multi-family buildings (16.5%). There were also 18 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.66%. there were 559 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 223. There were 19 single room apartments and 123 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 526 apartments (94.1% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 27 apartments (4.8%) were seasonally occupied and 6 apartments (1.1%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 5.1 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 25.63% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (25.49%), the SVP (16.01%) and the Ticino League (13.79%). In the federal election, a total of 395 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 48.8%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 839 registered voters in Cadempino, of which 509 or 60.7% voted. 7 blank ballots and 2 null ballots were cast, leaving 500 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 122 or 24.4% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD+GenGiova (with 115 or 23.0%), the LEGA (with 80 or 16.0%) and the SSI (with 78 or 15.6%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 8 blank ballots and 1 null ballot were cast, leaving 500 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the LEGA which received 126 or 25.2% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD (with 118 or 23.6%), the PLRT (with 115 or 23.0%) and the PS (with 70 or 14.0%).
Economy.
, Cadempino had an unemployment rate of 4.35%. , there was 1 person employed in the primary economic sector and about 1 business involved in this sector. 691 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 24 businesses in this sector. 833 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 71 businesses in this sector. There were 705 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 41.1% of the workforce.
, there were 1,637 workers who commuted into the municipality and 556 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net importer of workers, with about 2.9 workers entering the municipality for every one leaving. About 34.1% of the workforce coming into Cadempino are coming from outside Switzerland. Of the working population, 10.4% used public transportation to get to work, and 67.7% used a private car.
, there were 2 hotels in Cadempino.
Religion.
From the , 1,067 or 81.0% were Roman Catholic, while 77 or 5.8% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 121 individuals (or about 9.19% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 52 individuals (or about 3.95% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Cadempino about 67.3% of the population (between age 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule").
In Cadempino there were a total of 256 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Cadempino there were 41 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years. In the municipality, 76 students attended the standard primary schools. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 70 students in the two-year middle school and 2 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 22 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 14 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 31 who attend part-time.
, there were 185 students from Cadempino who attended schools outside the municipality.
Transport.
Cadempino is served by the Lamone-Cadempino station, situated on the border with the adjoining municipality of Lamone, which is on the Gotthard railway.

</doc>
<doc id="6957614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957614" title="Salhad Union Council">
Salhad Union Council

Salhad is one of the 51 union councils (sub-divisions) of Abbottabad District in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.
The Union Council of Salhad is named after what was the main village of the area, but has now effectively become a suburb of Abbottabad city.
It is situated about two kilometers south of the current city limits of Abbottabad.
History of Salhad.
Salhad is a historic and culturally rich village located in the city of Abbottabad, within the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It holds the status of a Union Council, playing a vital role in the local administrative framework. Nestled amidst the picturesque hills of Abbottabad, Salhad has evolved from a small rural settlement into a vibrant and well-connected community while preserving its traditional values and heritage.
Origins and Early History.
The name "Salhad" has deep-rooted historical significance, possibly derived from local linguistic influences or early settlers. The village has long been inhabited by indigenous Pashtun and Hindko-speaking communities, whose ancestors were primarily engaged in agriculture, livestock farming, and trade. Over time, Salhad became an important stopover for traders and travelers due to its strategic location near Abbottabad city.
British Colonial Era.
During the Second Sikh War James Abbott chasing Chatar Singh's forces arrived in the village of Salhad, Abbot wrote the following about arriving in the village:
"I had reached the village of Sulhud, wearied with a march of thirty miles, under the scorching sun of August a march in which one of my men died of thirst. Released for a few hours from the sultry and oppressive atmosphere of Nara, I had inhaled with delight the pure, cold breeze rushing down that cleft of the mountains where I had halted, had dined luxuri-ously upon the fresh bread and milk which the peasant of Huzara readily shares with travellers, and after posting my matchlockmen in the pass, had fallen asleep in the open air as I watched the beautiful stars tracing their circles in the Heaven."
The respite was short-lived however as Abbott received word from Nicholson that Chatar Singh had outwitted him and thus he needed to leave Salhad and march with his troops once more.
During the British rule in the 19th and early 20th centuries, Abbottabad gained prominence as a cantonment and an administrative center. As part of Abbottabad’s development, Salhad also saw infrastructural growth, benefiting from roads, schools, and other public services introduced by the colonial administration. The British influence can still be seen in some of the old structures and educational institutions in the region.
Post-Independence Development.
After Pakistan’s independence in 1947, Salhad continued to grow, benefiting from the expansion of Abbottabad as an educational and military hub. The establishment of Pakistan Military Academy and the rise of Abbottabad as a center for education and commerce contributed to Salhad’s progress. Over the decades, better connectivity, improved educational facilities, and an increase in trade opportunities enhanced the quality of life in the area.
Cultural and Social Aspects.
Salhad is known for its rich cultural heritage, deeply influenced by Pashtun and Hindko traditions. The local population is primarily composed of Hindko speakers and consists of the Jadoon, Mughal, Gujjar, Awan, Tanoli, Qureshis and Gakhar communities. In addition, a smaller number of Syeds, and Karlals also reside here. Some families of Afghan refugees have also settled in the area., with a strong sense of community and hospitality. Traditional festivals, weddings, and social gatherings remain integral to the village’s cultural identity. The influence of modernization is visible, yet the people of Salhad maintain their customs and values with great pride.
Modern-Day Salhad.
Today, Salhad is a well-established union council with access to essential facilities such as schools, healthcare centers, markets, and roads. It has become a desirable residential area due to its proximity to Abbottabad city. Many residents are involved in business, government jobs, and overseas employment, contributing to the economic stability of the region.

</doc>
<doc id="6957622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957622" title="Cadro">
Cadro

Cadro is quarter of the city of Lugano and a former municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013 the former municipalities of Bogno, Cadro, Carona, Certara, Cimadera, Valcolla and Sonvico merged into the city of Lugano.
History.
Cadro is first mentioned in 735 as "Cadelo". Under the Lombards kings, Cadro was mentioned in connection with the Totoniden from Campione d'Italia as a Vicus in 854. Some of the major landholders during the Middle Ages included the monastery of S. Ambrogio in Milan, the Benedictine monastery of S. Abbondio in Como and the Hospital of S. Maria in Lugano. The village of Dassone was originally part of Cadro, and was mentioned in 1591, but it was later abandoned, probably after a plague epidemic.
The village church of S. Agata was first mentioned in 1366. The rich stucco work is also from around that time. It was renovated in 1603 and again in the 20th Century. Until 1599, it was part of the parish of Sonvico. However, some of the houses in the village were part of the parish of Pazzalino-Pregassona. Cadro later became an independent parish, which, until 1801, also included Davesco-Soragno.
Agricultural income was supplemented by income sent home from emigrants. In 1911 Cadro was connected to the regional Lugano–Cadro–Dino railway. Since 1960, the population has tripled, and Cadro has become a municipality in the municipal agglomeration in Lugano.
Geography.
Before the merger, Cadro had a total area of . Of this area, or 15.3% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 72.6% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 17.7% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.2% is either rivers or lakes and or 0.7% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, industrial buildings made up 2.2% of the total area while housing and buildings made up 9.7% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.8%. Power and water infrastructure as well as other special developed areas made up 2.7% of the area while parks, green belts and sports fields made up 1.3%. Out of the forested land, 70.6% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.0% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 4.2% is used for growing crops, while 1.3% is used for orchards or vine crops and 9.7% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the quarter is flowing water.
The former municipality is located in the Lugano district at the foot of the Denti della Vecchia in the Cassarate valley. It consists of the village of Cadro.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Vert a unicorn salient argent gorged with a crown or."
Demographics.
Cadro had a population (as of 2011) of 2,037. , 13.9% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 20.9%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (85.9%), with German being second most common (7.2%) and Albanian being third (1.3%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 129 speak German, 13 people speak French, 1,543 people speak Italian. The remainder (112 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.2% male and 49.8% female. The population was made up of 826 Swiss men (41.4% of the population), and 175 (8.8%) non-Swiss men. There were 872 Swiss women (43.7%), and 122 (6.1%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 14 live births to Swiss citizens and 2 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 12 deaths of Swiss citizens and 1 non-Swiss citizen death. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 2 while the foreign population increased by 1. There was 1 Swiss woman who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 13 non-Swiss men and 7 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 18 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 23 people. This represents a population growth rate of 2.1%.
The age distribution, , in Cadro is; 188 children or 9.4% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 223 teenagers or 11.2% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 214 people or 10.7% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 241 people or 12.1% are between 30 and 39, 385 people or 19.3% are between 40 and 49, and 303 people or 15.2% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 242 people or 12.1% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 138 people or 6.9% are between 70 and 79, there are 61 people or 3.1% who are over 80.
, there were 639 private households in the quarter, and an average of 2.5 persons per household. there were 388 single family homes (or 74.5% of the total) out of a total of 521 inhabited buildings. There were 73 two family buildings (14.0%) and 41 multi-family buildings (7.9%). There were also 19 buildings in the quarter that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the quarter, , was 0%. there were 774 apartments in the quarter. The most common apartment size was the 5 room apartment of which there were 248. There were 50 single room apartments and 248 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 637 apartments (82.3% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 134 apartments (17.3%) were seasonally occupied and 3 apartments (0.4%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 3.1 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following timeline:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Parish Church of S. Agata is listed as a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SP which received 23.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (19.85%), the Ticino League (17.23%) and the CVP (14.79%). In the federal election, a total of 664 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 49.8%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 1,260 registered voters in Cadro, of which 917 or 72.8% voted. 15 blank ballots and 3 null ballots were cast, leaving 899 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PS which received 186 or 20.7% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 181 or 20.1%), the LEGA (with 176 or 19.6%) and the SSI (with 150 or 16.7%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 9 blank ballots and 2 null ballots were cast, leaving 906 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the LEGA which received 268 or 29.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 225 or 24.8%), the PLRT (with 165 or 18.2%) and the SSI (with 111 or 12.3%).
Economy.
, Cadro had an unemployment rate of 2.87%. , there were 16 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 5 businesses involved in this sector. 89 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 20 businesses in this sector. 362 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 44 businesses in this sector. There were 933 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 33.8% of the workforce.
, there were 422 workers who commuted into the municipality and 708 workers who commuted away. The quarter is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.7 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 17.3% of the workforce coming into Cadro are coming from outside Switzerland, while 0.6% of the locals commute out of Switzerland for work. Of the working population, 7.7% used public transportation to get to work, and 56.2% used a private car.
, there was one hotel in Cadro.
Religion.
From the , 1,358 or 75.6% were Roman Catholic, while 128 or 7.1% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 222 individuals (or about 12.35% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 89 individuals (or about 4.95% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Cadro about 73.7% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule").
In Cadro there were a total of 341 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Cadro there were 55 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 90 students attended the standard primary schools and 1 student attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 97 students in the two-year middle school, while 49 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 16 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 29 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 4 students in the professional program.
, there were 30 students in Cadro who came from another municipality, while 195 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6957623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957623" title="Marta Argerich">
Marta Argerich



</doc>
<doc id="6957625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957625" title="Hačava">
Hačava

Hačava (; ) is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
First mention of the village is to be found in records dating back to 1409 when it was funded by German settlers driven here by a certain Master Wagner. In the 16th century it belonged to the noble family of Széchy. During that period, it was destroyed by Turks and suffered greatly because of the Polish-Lithuanian War. The place remained almost deserted. In the 18th century some Rusyn colonists contributed to repopulate the village.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 660 meters and covers an area of 36.918 km2. It has a population of about 225 people. It lies in Hajska-dolina underneath Jeleni Vrch. There is a bike trail available that begins at the town of Moldava-nad-Bodvou, travelling through the nearby village of Haj and ends at Knizna Polona. It is surrounded by a mountainous forest area and a cave is located a few kilometres away.
Genealogical resources.
Records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6957631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957631" title="Hacava">
Hacava



</doc>
<doc id="6957632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957632" title="Camignolo">
Camignolo

Camignolo is a former municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. The municipalities of Medeglia, Bironico, Camignolo, Rivera and Sigirino merged on 21 November 2010 into the new municipality of Monteceneri.
History.
Camignolo is first mentioned in 1296 as "Camigiollo". In the Middle Ages Camignolo appears as part of the parish of Bironico and valley community of Valle Carvina. Como Cathedral had properties in the village. San Ambrogio castle is mentioned in 1348. It was probably destroyed around the beginning of Swiss Confederation rule in the 16th century.
It was a vice-parish in 1670, and became a full parish in 1809. The parish church of S. Pietro e Paolo is first mentioned in the 15th century. Its present form comes from a reconstruction in 1670. The 10th century chapel of S. Ambrogio (first mentioned in 1348) is rich in frescoes from the late Romanesque and the 15th century. It was restored in 1976–79.
The inhabitants are still mainly employed in agriculture, though there was constant, large-scale emigration before the industrialization of the valley. Only in recent decades, has there been was a modest development in construction, industry and trade. Camignolo is the seat of a secondary school.
Geography.
Camignolo has an area, , of . Of this area, or 9.7% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 71.7% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 7.3% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.3% is either rivers or lakes and or 7.1% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 4.4% and transportation infrastructure made up 2.2%. Out of the forested land, 66.4% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.6% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 4.4% is used for growing crops and 4.4% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water.
The village is located in the Lugano district, around a bridge over the Vedeggio at the end of the Valle d'Isone. The municipality stretches from the left side of the valley to Gola di Lago and includes the alpine pasture, Alp Santa Maria in Lago.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Quartered argent and vert a key and a sword counterchanged both palewise."
Demographics.
Camignolo has a population () of 664. , 8.6% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997-2007) the population has changed at a rate of 20.3%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (91.6%), with German being second most common (5.2%) and French being third (1.8%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 31 speak German, 11 people speak French, 546 people speak Italian. The remainder (8 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.1% male and 49.9% female. The population was made up of 336 Swiss men (45.8% of the population), and 31 (4.2%) non-Swiss men. There were 341 Swiss women (46.5%), and 25 (3.4%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 10 live births to Swiss citizens and were 3 deaths of Swiss citizens and 1 non-Swiss citizen death. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 7 while the foreign population decreased by 1. There were 2 Swiss men and 4 Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland. At the same time, there was 1 non-Swiss man who emigrated from Switzerland to another country and 1 non-Swiss woman who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 6 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 6 people. This represents a population growth rate of 1.6%.
The age distribution, , in Camignolo is; 90 children or 12.3% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 79 teenagers or 10.8% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 57 people or 7.8% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 128 people or 17.5% are between 30 and 39, 111 people or 15.1% are between 40 and 49, and 93 people or 12.7% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 94 people or 12.8% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 48 people or 6.5% are between 70 and 79, there are 33 people or 4.5% who are over 80.
 the average number of residents per living room was 0.58 which is about equal to the cantonal average of 0.6 per room. In this case, a room is defined as space of a housing unit of at least as normal bedrooms, dining rooms, living rooms, kitchens and habitable cellars and attics. About 66.2% of the total households were owner occupied, or in other words did not pay rent (though they may have a mortgage or a rent-to-own agreement).
, there were 237 private households in the village, and an average of 2.5 persons per household. there were 203 single family homes (or 78.7% of the total) out of a total of 258 inhabited buildings. There were 34 two family buildings (13.2%) and 7 multi-family buildings (2.7%). There were also 14 buildings in the village that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the village, , was 0%. there were 297 apartments in the village. The most common apartment size was the 5 room apartment of which there were 100. There were 11 single room apartments and 100 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 237 apartments (79.8% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 59 apartments (19.9%) were seasonally occupied and 1 apartments (0.3%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 10.8 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 37.2% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (18.03%), the FDP (16.41%) and the Ticino League (13.76%). In the federal election, a total of 269 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 51.1%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 521 registered voters in Camignolo, of which 354 or 67.9% voted. 10 blank ballots and 1 null ballot were cast, leaving 343 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 115 or 33.5% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 59 or 17.2%), the LEGA (with 52 or 15.2%) and the PS (with 48 or 14.0%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 8 blank ballots and 1 null ballot were cast, leaving 345 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 114 or 33.0% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 71 or 20.6%), the PLRT (with 59 or 17.1%) and the PS (with 50 or 14.5%).
Economy.
, Camignolo had an unemployment rate of 3.07%. , there were 2 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 2 businesses involved in this sector. 31 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 10 businesses in this sector. 34 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 9 businesses in this sector. There were 270 residents of the village who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 32.6% of the workforce.
, there were 46 workers who commuted into the village and 199 workers who commuted away. The village is a net exporter of workers, with about 4.3 workers leaving the village for every one entering. Of the working population, 7.8% used public transportation to get to work, and 68.5% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 520 or 87.2% were Roman Catholic, while 35 or 5.9% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 26 individuals (or about 4.36% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 15 individuals (or about 2.52% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Camignolo about 71.9% of the population (between age 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule").
In Camignolo there were a total of 146 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Camignolo there were 20 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the village, 52 students attended the standard primary schools and 3 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 41 students in the two-year middle school, while 17 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 4 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 8 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There was 1 student in the professional program.
, there were 375 students in Camignolo who came from another village, while 22 residents attended schools outside the village.

</doc>
<doc id="6957651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957651" title="Háj, Košice-okolie District">
Háj, Košice-okolie District

Háj () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
The first mention about Háj is from 1357 and 1409. In last decades 
of 18th century was property of family Keglevich.
In the year 1715, there were 14 lieges families.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of and covers an area of . It has a population of about 280 people.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6957657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957657" title="Mars Hill Church">
Mars Hill Church

Mars Hill Church was a non-denominational evangelical Christian megachurch, founded in 1996 by Mark Driscoll, Lief Moi, and Mike Gunn. It was a multi-site church based in Seattle, Washington and grew from a home Bible study to 15 locations in 4 U.S. states. In addition to services offered at its 15 locations, the church also podcast content of weekend services, and of conferences, on the Internet, with more than 260,000 sermon views online every week. In 2013, Mars Hill had a membership of 6,489 and average weekly attendance of 12,329. Following controversy in 2014 involving founding pastor Mark Driscoll, attendance dropped to 8,0009,000 people per week.
At the end of September 2014, an investigation by the church elders found "bullying" and "patterns of 
persistent sinful behavior" by Driscoll. The church elders crafted a "restoration" plan to help Driscoll and save the church. Instead, Driscoll declined the restoration plan and resigned. On October 31, 2014, lead pastor Dave Bruskas announced plans to dissolve the church's 13 remaining campuses into autonomous entities, with the option of continuing, merging with other congregations, or disbanding, effective January 1, 2015. The Mars Hill network dissolved on January 1, 2015.
History.
Early years.
Mars Hill Church was founded in spring 1996 by Mark Driscoll, Lief Moi and Mike Gunn. The church started at the rental house of Driscoll and his wife Grace with the blessing of Antioch Bible Church and the exodus of about 30 of its students. They outgrew the apartment and started meeting in the youth rooms of another church. The church had its first official service October 1996, with 160 people attending; attendance quickly fell to around 60 because of discussions about the visions and mission of the church.
In the spring of 1997, the church expanded to two evening services. The transition to two different congregations resulted in some anxiety and stir by members who didn't want the church to grow bigger, but it resulted in growing attendance. Later that same year Mark Driscoll was invited to speak at a pastors' conference in California. Driscoll's speech influenced the emerging church movement, and changed the focus from reaching Generation X to reaching the postmodern world. The speech resulted in media coverage of Mars Hill Church and Mark Driscoll, and put Driscoll in connection with Bob Buford's Leadership Network.
The church continued growing. Inspired by Alan Roxburgh, Driscoll settled on an emerging and missional ecclesiology, and a complementarian view on women in ministry. The church installed the first team of elders and they took over much of the work teaching classes, counseling and training new leaders. Furthermore, the church started a course for new members, called the Gospel Class, to ensure that members were focused on the mission of the church and that they agreed with the central doctrinal statements of the church. The class had been running every quarter since. In the fall of 1999 the church had grown to 350 in attendance every week and was able to pay Driscoll full-time. Prior to 1999, Driscoll operated as an unpaid pastor for three years.
Multisite church.
In 2003, Mars Hill Church moved into a renovated hardware store in the Ballard neighborhood of Seattle. In 2006, in an effort to reduce the overcrowding at its services, Mars Hill opened its first satellite campus in Shoreline a few miles north of Seattle. This change also marked their transition to a multi-site church, using video sermons and other multimedia improvements to the church's web site to connect the campuses. Later in 2006 Mars Hill acquired two new properties in West Seattle and Wedgwood, which became their West Seattle and Lake City campuses.
Since then, new Mars Hill locations were added using a multi-campus "meta-church" structure, connecting Driscoll's sermons via high-definition video to the remote campuses during weekly worship services. This format allowed each location to retain local leadership and ministries while under the leadership of the main campus. A fourth and fifth Mars Hill location opened in 2007, and in 2008 a sixth location was added in downtown Seattle. A seventh campus, in Olympia, Washington, opened in Fall 2008 and an eighth campus, the first outside of Washington state, opened in Albuquerque, New Mexico in Fall 2009. The church launched four new churches on January 15 in Portland (Oregon), Rainier Valley (Seattle), Sammamish (near Seattle), and Orange County (California), the same day as the first sermon in the "Real Marriage" sermon series, based on Mark and Grace Driscoll's book, "Real Marriage".
On October 16, "black-clad demonstrators" gathered in front of the Mars Hill Church in Southeast Portland to "protest the church's stance on homosexuality." Approximately 20 protesters, "some of whom wore kerchiefs to cover their faces, shouted profanities at adults and children," and briefly blocked the entrance of the church. Mars Hill Church Portland lead pastor Tim Smith expressed disagreement with the conduct of the protesters, but expressed defense of their right to free speech.
In 2008, the church launched an online community-building network, called The city, to improve communication on all levels in the church. The city was purchased by the Christian publishing brand, Zondervan, before Christmas 2008.
Growth and influence.
In 2013, The Church Guide released a list of the "Top Churches to Watch in America". The link ranked churches according to how much churches could learn from the ranked churches on particular topics. They ranked Mars Hill Church as #3 to learn from about church growth, #3 for innovation, #2 for church planting, and #4 overall. The list considered data from "Outreach" magazine's annual lists from 2004 to 2012 and other sources.
In 2006, Mars Hill Church claimed $31,110,000 in assets.
Acts 29 Church Planting Network.
Acts 29 Church Planting Network is an interdenominational network of pastors and churches from around the world founded by David Nicholas with funding from Spanish River Church planting network but with a substantial early association with Mark Driscoll and Mars Hill Church. Their focus is to assess and equip qualified leaders, plant new churches, and rejuvenate declining churches. The current president of Acts 29 is Brian Howard. The offices and leadership of Acts 29 moved from Mars Hill Church in Seattle to The Village Church in Texas in March 2012.
In August 2014, Acts 29 removed Mark Driscoll and Mars Hill Church from the network.
Church leadership controversies.
Dealing with dissent.
As a result of the large growth of the church, its bylaws were rewritten more than once. The outcome of this process led to changes in leadership organization in November 2007. The new bylaws installed lead pastor Jamie Munson, preaching pastor Mark Driscoll, and pastors Scott Thomas and Tim Beltz as "executive pastors" who led the objectives of the church "under the authority of the Board of Directors," on which the executive pastors also served as directors. This change precipitated the firing of two pastors.
Mars Hill leaders said in forum postings that one fired pastor was removed, in part, for "displaying an unhealthy distrust in the senior leadership." They said the other was removed for "disregarding the accepted elder protocol for the bylaw deliberation period" and "verbally attacking the lead pastor" — charges the fired pastor denied, the leaders added.
Church leadership instructed members of the congregation to shun the two former elders as unrepentant. Former Mars Hill Church elders and members have criticized the church for its harshness in dealing with dissent within its leadership. Additionally, members who openly questioned or dissented with Mars Hill leaders were asked to leave the church. This policy of church discipline was discussed during a lecture given on April 20, 2009, by Mark Driscoll for The Gospel Coalition.
In early 2012, the church once again became a source of controversy over shunning and disciplinary proceedings when a young man under discipline released documents from his disciplinary contract to blogger and author Mathew Paul Turner. The documents included a discipline contract and an email from church leaders to the congregation directing them to shun him.
ResultSource contract for the "Real Marriage" Book.
On March 5, 2014, evangelical magazine "World" published an article claiming that Mars Hill Church paid a $25,000 fee to marketing firm ResultSource, to manipulate sales numbers of Mark Driscoll's book "Real Marriage" and thereby attain a place on the "New York Times" bestseller list. ResultSource accomplished this objective—the book briefly reached #1 in the "Advice How-to" category—by buying 11,000 copies of the book, using $210,000 of Mars Hill Church's money, from a variety of online sources and payment methods.
The Evangelical Council for Financial Accountability stated that buying a place on bestseller lists violates its ethical standards, but that because this happened before Mars Hill Church joined they were unable to take action. "Christianity Today" described the arrangement as "ethically questionable", and Carl Trueman of religion journal "First Things" decried the revelation, writing, "the overall picture is one of disaster" and "[it] has raised questions not simply about personal integrity but also the very culture of American Evangelicalism."
Driscoll had used the apparent success of "Real Marriage" to negotiate a multi-book deal with Christian publisher Tyndale House. The first book under Driscoll's "Resurgence" imprint was "A Call to Resurgence," with plans to publish five to seven books per year. Tyndale House defended Driscoll's alleged plagiarism in "A Call to Resurgence", and affirmed their continuing relationship with Driscoll.
Mars Hill Church responded with a statement, writing, "while not uncommon or illegal, this unwise strategy is not one we had used before or since, and not one we will use again." Mars Hill also claimed that the "true cost" of the effort was less than "what has been reported."
On March 17, 2014, Driscoll posted an open letter of apology in response to this controversy and others, writing that he will no longer claim to be a "New York Times" bestselling author, and that he now sees the ResultSource marketing campaign as "manipulating a book sales reporting system, which is wrong." He wrote that he was giving up his status as a "celebrity pastor", that he considered his "angry young prophet" days to be over, and that he was reducing his public presence in speaking engagements and on social media.
On March 28, 2015, Sutton Turner, a former elder of the church who signed the ResultSource contract, explained that he disapproved of the marketing plan to use ResultSource, but the decision to use it had already been made before he began work at Mars Hill, so he signed the contract anyway. Turner revealed that Driscoll had not been involved in initiating nor signing the contract with ResultSource. Turner stated that the business relationship with the marketing firm was initiated by a pastor who resigned shortly thereafter, and remaining church leaders disagreed over the completion of the contract, stating that it would reflect badly on the church and Mark Driscoll.
Plagiarism allegations.
On November 21, 2013, radio host Janet Mefferd accused Driscoll of plagiarism. Mefferd claimed that 14 pages of Driscoll's book "A Call to Resurgence" quoted "extensively and without citation" from Peter Jones' 1999 book, "Gospel Truth/Pagan Lies: Can You Tell the Difference?" and Jones' 2010 book "One or Two: Seeing a World of Difference." Driscoll's publisher Tyndale House stated that they performed a "thorough in-house review" and disagreed that this was a case of plagiarism. Neil Holdway, a plagiarism expert with the American Copy Editors Society, concluded that "Driscoll had not adequately indicated the extent to which he had borrowed Jones' work."
More allegations of plagiarism in other Driscoll works soon surfaced, including passages from a sermon series companion text, "Trial: 8 Witnesses From 1&amp;2 Peter", which were copied verbatim from passages written by David Wheaton in the "New Bible Commentary". InterVarsity Press, publisher of the "New Bible Commentary", stated that Driscoll failed to properly provide quotation or attribution for the material. The relevant passages were posted online. The allegations soon expanded to include claims that Driscoll used ghostwriters and researchers without giving them proper attribution. As of December 2013, neither Peter Jones, D.A. Carson, nor Janet Mefferd had made any further statements pertaining the case.
Syndicator Salem Radio subsequently removed both the broadcast interview with Driscoll and associated materials from Mefferd's program website and apologized for raising the matter in a broadcast interview. This attempt to shut down the story provoked the resignation of Mefferd's producer, Ingrid Schlueter. In explaining her resignation, Schlueter wrote the following regarding herself and Mefferd:
Driscoll apologized for "mistakes" related to the allegations in a statement released to "The Christian Post" on December 18, 2013. Mefferd eventually left Salem Radio in April 2015.
Mars Hill Global Fund.
In June 2014 an online petition asked Sutton Turner of Mars Hill Church and Dan Busby of the Evangelical Council for Financial Accountability where the money raised through Mars Hill Global Fund actually went. The church reported that "Mars Hill Church began to use the term 'Global Fund' to solicit gifts restricted for 'capital development and expansion'. As communicated in the Global Newsletter on July 7, 2009, the Global Fund was used to raise resources for the following purposes: 'start new Mars Hill campuses, plant new Acts 29 churches, and equip leaders at the Resurgence Training Center'. In the 2009-2011 time frame, over 80% of the funds given to the "Global Fund" went to Acts 29 church planting, with additional funds used for the Resurgence Training Center and church planting in India." Additionally, "subsequent to June 1, 2012, in early July 2014, Mars Hill Church sent approximately 6,000 letters and 3,765 emails to individuals who had made gifts as a global donor subsequent to June 1, 2012. In these communications, Mars Hill Church offered to redirect the donor's gifts, made as a global donor during this time period, specifically for planting churches in Ethiopia or India."
Former leaders and members protest Mark Driscoll (2014).
Michael Paulson, writing for "The New York Times", wrote that while Driscoll had endured criticism from the American political left and liberal Christianity for many years, recent years leading up to and including 2014 saw the rise of criticism from conservative Christians, including Driscoll's former "allies and supporters." According to the "Seattle Times", plagiarism accusations against Driscoll made by Janet Mefferd were a "crucial turning point" that drew outside interest into Mars Hill's internal affairs, and prompted inquiries from new critics about the church and how it handled its finances. After hearing of Mefferd's plagiarism accusations, evangelical Christian and Grove City College psychology professor Warren Throckmorton took interest and became a prominent critic of Driscoll and Mars Hill, documenting other examples of perceived plagiarism, abuse reported by former Mars Hill members, and questionable uses of church finances.
"Repentant Pastors".
On March 29, 2014, four former Mars Hill elders (Kyle Firstenberg, Dave Kraft, Scott Mitchell, and co-founder Lief Moi) created a blog titled "Repentant Pastor" and posted online "confessions and apologies" related to their leadership roles in Mars Hill. In a joint statement, they wrote, "we recognize and confess that Mars Hill has hurt many people within the Mars Hill community, as well as those outside the community." "Salon" summarized the statements, writing that the former leaders emphasized their failures to "rein Driscoll in" and their complicity with Driscoll's "autocratic" management style. Firstenberg wrote that while the church appeared to flourish, employees lived in constant stress, and "success was to be attained regardless of human and moral cost."
Megachurch pastors come to Driscoll's defense.
Several prominent pastors publicly defended Driscoll from allegations made against him. Those pastors included mega-church pastor Rick Warren, author of "The Purpose Driven Life", and Gateway Church's founding pastor Robert Morris. At the 2014 Gateway Conference, Morris told the audience that he counseled Mark Driscoll directly, and that media reports were largely untrue. Morris cited recent media reports of lead pastor Steven Furtick of Elevation Church as experiencing similar coverage. At the conference, Mark Driscoll was invited up to the stage where he told the audience that he received death threats and that his children allegedly had rocks thrown at them. Driscoll stated that "I'm just trying to figure out how to be a good pastor to my family first."
Driscoll addresses former members' complaints.
In a recorded message shown to church members on July 27, 2014, Driscoll discussed the various controversies of 2014. He said that he could "not address some members' discontent ... because the complaints were anonymous." According to Rob Smith, former program director at the church, the anonymity assertion "really touched a nerve" with former members. In response, dissenters organized a Facebook group called "Dear Pastor Mark &amp; Mars Hill: We Are Not Anonymous."
The following Sunday, "dozens of demonstrators" organized and picketed the Mars Hill Church Bellevue campus (where Driscoll preached live), calling for Driscoll's resignation. Demonstrators carried placards reading "We Are Not Anonymous" and "Question Mark", and accused Driscoll of bullying, misogyny, inadequate transparency in church finances, and harsh discipline of members. Driscoll was away for his annual summer vacation. A church elder, Anthony Iannicielo, responded that the criticism of Driscoll and Mars Hill "goes with the territory" of running a large church with a long history. In a pre-recorded message, Driscoll said that he had been deliberately "rather silent" during the criticism, that he found it "a little overwhelming and a bit confusing", and that he had no intention of resigning.
Removal from Acts 29 Network.
On August 8, 2014, the board of Acts 29 Network removed both Driscoll and Mars Hill Church from membership. Chairman Matt Chandler wrote, "it is our conviction that the nature of the accusations against Mark, most of which have been confirmed by him, make it untenable and unhelpful to keep Mark [Driscoll] and Mars Hill [Church] in our network." The board of directors of Acts 29 expressed gratitude for Driscoll's work with the Network as co-founder and former president, but declared his recent actions "ungodly and disqualifying behavior." To Driscoll, they wrote, "our board and network have been the recipients of ... dozens of fires directly linked to you ... we are naturally associated with you and feel that this association discredits the network and is a major distraction." They further advised him to "step down from ministry for an extended time and seek help."
Acts 29 had attempted to "lean on" the Mars Hill's Board of Advisors and Accountability (BOAA) to discipline Driscoll, but lost confidence in the board. The BOAA had been set up by Driscoll as his accountability board, rather than the elders of the church. (Members of the BOAA were for the most part professional clergy and businessmen who were not members of the church and hand picked by Driscoll.) The previous month, evangelical leaders and Acts 29 associates Paul Tripp and James MacDonald resigned from the BOAA. Religion correspondent Sarah Pulliam Bailey described Acts 29's decision as "unusual" since "ministries usually leave matters of church discipline up to local churches."
BOAA Chairman Michael Van Skaik responded, "Men, I told the lead pastors ... that we are making real progress in addressing the serious reconciliation and unhealthy culture issues that have been part of Mars Hill Church for way too long. And we are. ... " He further added that Acts 29 leaders did not contact Mars Hill before acting, and that Driscoll had "changed his ways", and described Acts 29's actions as "divisive." Van Skaik also addressed the formal charges brought against Driscoll under the Mars Hill bylaws, writing "the formal charges that were filed were serious, were taken seriously, and were not dismissed by the board lightly."
Driscoll's hiatus from ministry.
On August 24, 2014, Driscoll announced he would take a six-week "extended focus break" from his pastorship while charges against him were investigated. Later that week, a letter signed by nine current Mars Hill pastors which severely criticized Driscoll was leaked to the public. The letter, written days before Driscoll stepped down, urged him to step down from all aspects of ministry. It included a quote from "internationally recognized" author, pastor and former BOAA member Paul Tripp saying, "This is without a doubt, the most abusive, coercive ministry culture I've ever been involved with." One of the pastors who signed the letter was fired five days later for "rebellion against the church." By September 9, eight of the nine pastors who signed the letter had resigned or been terminated, including worship director Dustin Kensrue. The last of the nine pastors was demoted from pastor to lay elder.
Staff layoffs and closure of church branches.
On September 7, 2014 (the second week of Driscoll's hiatus), Mars Hill officials, citing "financial pressures in the wake of recent negative media attention", announced layoffs and closures of a few church branches. Weekly attendance at the start of the year for all branches was 12,000–13,000, but had dropped to 8,000–9,000. Donations also had a "steep decline." In response, the church planned to lay off "30 to 40 percent" of their 100 paid staff members, and close their downtown Seattle branch and University District branch, consolidating both congregations into the Ballard location. Two other branches outside Washington state were marked for possible closure if their finances did not improve. Mars Hill also announced the resignation of Sutton Turner, executive elder since 2011, effective at the end of September 2014.
Driscoll's resignation.
In the fall of 2014, a group of elders released a report on an investigation into accusations of bullying and intimidating behavior by Driscoll made by 21 former church elders. The investigation involved "some 1,000 hours of research, interviewing more than 50 people and preparing 200 pages of information." The report concluded that Driscoll had never been charged with "immorality, illegality or heresy," and considered "some of the accusations against Pastor Mark to be altogether unfair or untrue." Additionally, the report found that many of the "other charges had previously been addressed by Pastor Mark, privately and publicly. Indeed, he had publicly confessed and apologized for a number of the charges against him, some of which occurred as long as 14 years ago." However, elders did find "bullying" and "patterns of persistent sinful behavior" by Driscoll. The Board also concluded that Driscoll had "been guilty of arrogance, responding to conflict with a quick temper and harsh speech, and leading the staff and elders in a domineering manner", but was not charged with anything immoral or illegal. Driscoll maintained that he had not disqualified himself from ministry.
Church leadership crafted a "restoration" plan to help Driscoll and save the church. Instead, Driscoll declined the restoration plan and resigned on October 14, 2014, citing concerns for his health and safety. His resignation came as a "surprise" to the church's Board of Overseers, who said in a statement that they had not asked Driscoll for his resignation.
In 2015, after the disbanding of Mars Hill, an executive elder of the church stated that "There has been much talk about the abusive and coercive culture at Mars Hill. What many people do not realize is that some of the very people who were calling for an end to this type of abuse were using abusive tactics." The executive elder stated that he was blackmailed by a staff who asked for more severance pay. He also stated that "former Mars Hill elders were working to file formal charges against me also. I was told that a former lead pastor was approached to lead a group of people who hoped to force my resignation so that I 'could not help Pastor Mark Driscoll'."
Pastor and theologian John Piper referred to the controversies and subsequent church closure as a "Satanic victory."
It was a defeat for the gospel, it was a defeat for Mark [Driscoll], it was a defeat for evangelicalism, for Reformed Theology, for complementarianism ... It was a colossal Satanic victory.Driscoll's resignation is extensively discussed in the podcast "The Rise and Fall of Mars Hill".
Closing.
On October 31, 2014, lead pastor Dave Bruskas announced plans to dissolve the church's 13 remaining campuses into autonomous entities, with the option of continuing, merging with other congregations, or disbanding, effective January 1, 2015.
On December 28, 2014, Rick Warren gave the final Sunday sermon at Mars Hill, encouraging its remaining members to "give grace" to its leaders, "You need to be grateful for all the ways that God used Mars Hill Church. Be grateful for all the ways God used Mark Driscoll." Driscoll had previously delivered a sermon at Saddleback Church the weekend Rick Warren grieved the loss of his son.
The Mars Hill Church network officially disbanded Thursday, January 1, 2015. Eleven of the Mars Hill Churches became independent churches and the remaining churches were dissolved. Prior to the churches disbanding, Mars Hill transferred the majority of its content from its website to where the church's sermons remain. The Mars Hill website now contains a history of the church and a church directory of the previous Mars Hill churches locations with their new names and websites.
Prior to disbanding on January 1, 2015, Mars Hill Church met at twelve locations, mostly in Seattle and Washington state, with three out of state locations in New Mexico, California, and Oregon. A few locations were closed or consolidated on October 12, 2014. After January 1, 2015, each church location dissolved into an independent congregation. The remaining members of Mars Hill Ballard reorganized as Cross and Crown Church Seattle, led by former Mars Hill Downtown pastor Matthias Haeusel; and the remaining members of the Bellevue main campus reorganized as DOXA Church, led by Eddie Williams.
In February 2016, a federal racketeering lawsuit was filed by former Mars Hill members against both Mars Hill and Driscoll. That lawsuit was dismissed in November 2016 after the plaintiffs said they did not have the money to continue the suit. The plaintiffs' online fundraising campaign on GoFundMe had raised $34,660, which was approximately half of its goal.

</doc>
<doc id="6957658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957658" title="P/t">
P/t



</doc>
<doc id="6957662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957662" title="Ebbsfleet International">
Ebbsfleet International



</doc>
<doc id="6957668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957668" title="Hýľov">
Hýľov

Hýľov () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1318.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 490 metres and covers an area of 23.861 km2. It has a population of about 430 people.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Levoca,
Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6957670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957670" title="Hylov">
Hylov



</doc>
<doc id="6957672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957672" title="Binding over">
Binding over

In the law of England and Wales and some other common law jurisdictions, binding over is an exercise of certain powers by the criminal courts used to deal with low-level public order issues. Both magistrates' courts and the Crown Court may issue binding-over orders in certain circumstances.
In the United Kingdom.
In a 1988 article in the "Cambridge Law Journal", British legal commentator David Feldman describes the power to "bind people over to be of good behaviour or to keep the peace" as a useful and common device used in the British criminal justice system, and explains the process as follows: 
The origins of the binding-over power are rooted in (1) the takings of sureties of the peace, which "emerged from the peace-keeping arrangements of Anglo-Saxon law, extended by the use of the royal prerogative and royal writs" and (2) the separate device of sureties of good behaviour, which originated as a type of conditional pardon given by the king. The statutory authorization for binding-over powers is found in the Justices of the Peace Act 1361 (34 Edw. 3. c. 1) and Justices of the Peace Act 1968(c. 69). Section 150 of the Powers of Criminal Courts (Sentencing) Act 2000 empowered the criminal courts to "bind over a parent/guardian of a convicted youth to take proper care and exercise proper control" over the youth.
Outside the UK.
Binding-over orders are a feature of the law of Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="6957673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957673" title="Granger Independent School District">
Granger Independent School District

The Granger Independent School District is a public school district based in Granger, Texas, United States. The district has a combined High School and Elementary School serving students in grades pre-kindergarten through twelve that come from north central Williamson County.
TEA Ratings.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
In 2022, the school district's Report Card was rated an overall "B", Student Achievement was rated a "B", School Progress was rated a "B", and Closing In The Gaps was rated a "C" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="6957675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957675" title="Granger ISD">
Granger ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6957682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957682" title="Hosťovce, Košice-okolie District">
Hosťovce, Košice-okolie District

Hosťovce () is a village and municipality in the Greater Košice District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia. The village has a Hungarian population.
History.
The village was first mentioned in historical records in 1360. From 1964 to 1990, together with the villages of Chorváty and Turnianska Nová Ves, Hosťovce was part of the village of Nová Bodva.
Geography.
The village lies at an elevation of 171 meters and covers an area of 4.83 km2. It has a population of about 195.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6957687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957687" title="Hostovce">
Hostovce



</doc>
<doc id="6957690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957690" title="Crazy For You (TV Series)">
Crazy For You (TV Series)



</doc>
<doc id="6957693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957693" title="Politics of the US">
Politics of the US



</doc>
<doc id="6957698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957698" title="Capriasca">
Capriasca

Capriasca is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
The municipality was created in 2001 by a merger of Cagiallo, Lopagno, Roveredo, Sala Capriasca, Tesserete and Vaglio.
History.
Cagiallo is first mentioned in the 13th Century as "Guzallo". In 1335 it was mentioned as "Cazallo". Sala Capriasca is first mentioned in 1078 as "Sale". In 1467 it was mentioned as "Salla". Lopagno is first mentioned in 1335 as "Lopagnio". Roveredo is first mentioned in 1583 as "Roveretro".
Cagiallo.
Together with Lopagno and Campestro, Cagiallo formed a "Bürgergemeinde" from the Middle Ages through the modern era.
The late medieval church of S. Matteo was rebuilt 1672, but retained the romanesque clock tower. The village was part of the parish of Tesserete. The Chapel of St. Lucia is first mentioned in 1606, and the Chapel of St. Sebastian in Almatro was built in 1682.
The pre-industrial economy was based on agriculture and emigration. In the 18th and 19th Centuries, the Battaglini family played an important role throughout the valley. Cagiallo supports the tourist facilities and hotels of the village of Tesserete, and has become a suburb of it in recent years.
Sala Capriasca.
Sala Capriasca was originally a Lombard walled village. In the 15th century, it formed a "Vicinanza" with Bigorio. In the first half of the 16th century, had rights to the commons in the parish of Capriasca. It was part of the Tesserete parish until 1933.
The parish church of St. Anthony was first mentioned in 1413. In the 15th and 16th Centuries it was totally rebuilt. The monastery of Bigorio was founded in 1535 as the first seat of the Capuchins in Switzerland.
Economically the village was dominated by agriculture and rural handicrafts. The traditional seasonal migration brought extra income. In the second half of the 20th century, it developed into a bedroom community. In 2000, four-fifths of the working population were commuters, especially to Lugano.
Lopagno.
Lopagno, together with Cagiallo and Campestro, formed a "Vicinanza" since the Middle Ages. In the 16th and 17th Centuries there were several large-scale emigrations from the village. The economy of the village was based on agriculture, trade and construction activities. The inhabitants of Lopagno were among the leaders of the popular uprising against the authorities of the Helvetic Republic on 26 January 1802. Since 1952, the Institute Don Orione for the care of the mentally disabled, is active in Lopagno.
The S. Apollonia chapel dates back to the 16th century and is a dependent of the parish of Tesserete.
In 2000 about three-quarters of the working population worked outside the village.
Roveredo.
Roveredo belonged to the Pieve of Capriasca and the parish church of Tesserete. The local Chapel of St. Bernard of Clairvaux was built in 1403.
Agriculture and pastoralism were once the main sources of income. Starting in the 1960s, Roveredo developed into a residential community, due to its proximity to Lugano and Tesserete. In 2000, approximately four-fifths of the workforce in Roveredo commutes.
Geography.
Capriasca has an area, , of . Of this area, or 1.0% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 5.9% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 1.1% is settled (buildings or roads) and or 0.2% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 0.8% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.2%. Out of the forested land, all of the forested land area is covered with heavy forests. Of the agricultural land, 0.2% is used for growing crops.
Cagiallo village also contained the settlements of Sarone, Almatro, Bettagno and San Matteo-Muralta. The village of Sala Capriasca is located in the Capriasca valley at the foot of Mount Bigorio and includes the settlements of Sala, Bigorio, Lelgio and Pezzolo. The village of Lopagno is located in the Capriasca valley at the entrance to Val Colla and includes the hamlets of Treggia, Somazzo and Oggio. The village of Roveredo is located in the upper Capriasca valley on the right side of the entrance to the Val Colla.
Demographics.
Capriasca has a population () of . , 10.0% of the population are resident foreign nationals. , the gender distribution of the population was 49.6% male and 50.4% female. The population was made up of 2,765 Swiss men (44.1% of the population), and 347 (5.5%) non-Swiss men. There were 2,874 Swiss women (45.8%), and 288 (4.6%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 50 live births to Swiss citizens and 7 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 58 deaths of Swiss citizens and 3 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 8 while the foreign population increased by 4. There were 16 Swiss men and 6 Swiss women who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 13 non-Swiss men and 14 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 90 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 49 people. This represents a population growth rate of 2.3%.
The age distribution, , in Capriasca is; 664 children or 10.6% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 694 teenagers or 11.1% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 607 people or 9.7% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 815 people or 13.0% are between 30 and 39, 1,101 people or 17.5% are between 40 and 49, and 922 people or 14.7% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 728 people or 11.6% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 459 people or 7.3% are between 70 and 79, there are 284 people or 4.5% who are over 80.
Historic population.
The historical population is given in the following timeline:
Politics.
In the federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 25.87% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (22.35%), the SP (19.08%) and the Ticino League (15.1%). In the federal election, a total of 1,708 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 49.2%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 3,471 registered voters in Capriasca, of which 2,208 or 63.6% voted. 26 blank ballots and 5 null ballots were cast, leaving 2,177 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 451 or 20.7% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD+GenGiova (with 414 or 19.0%), the SSI (with 362 or 16.6%) and the PS (with 361 or 16.6%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 18 blank ballots and 9 null ballots were cast, leaving 2,182 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the LEGA which received 505 or 23.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 434 or 19.9%), the PLRT (with 429 or 19.7%) and the PPD (with 423 or 19.4%).
Education.
In Capriasca there were a total of 1,133 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Capriasca there were 193 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 323 students attended the standard primary schools and 11 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 280 students in the two-year middle school, while 136 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 67 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 114 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 9 students in the professional program.
, there were 416 students in Capriasca who came from another municipality, while 99 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Economy.
There were 590 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 42.2% of the workforce. , there were 432 workers who commuted into the municipality and 442 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.0 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 10.0% of the workforce coming into Capriasca are coming from outside Switzerland.
, there were 7 hotels in Capriasca with a total of 48 rooms and 103 beds.

</doc>
<doc id="6957700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957700" title="Zilvinas">
Zilvinas



</doc>
<doc id="6957706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957706" title="Social Security (US)">
Social Security (US)



</doc>
<doc id="6957707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957707" title="Geča">
Geča

Geča () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia. As of 2022, it has a population of about 1862 people.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1255.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 185 metres and covers an area of 5.481 km2.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6957708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957708" title="Carabbia">
Carabbia

Carabbia is a quarter of the city of Lugano, Switzerland. Carabbia (founded 1213) was formerly a municipality of its own, having been incorporated into Lugano in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="6957712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957712" title="Geca">
Geca

Geca can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6957713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957713" title="Karlsplatz Metropolitan Railway Station">
Karlsplatz Metropolitan Railway Station



</doc>
<doc id="6957714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957714" title="Carabietta">
Carabietta

Carabietta is a former municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, it was incorporated into the municipality of Collina d'Oro.
History.
Carabietta is first mentioned in 1335 as "Carabio". In 1375 it was mentioned as "La Carabieta".
At the end of the 14th Century it belonged to the Pieve of Agno, and in the 15th-16th Centuries to the Pieve of Lugano. It eventually became a dependent of the parish church of Morcote. Between 1803-16, Carabietta belonged to the political municipality of Morcote. During the Middle Ages (documented first in 1355) and under the Swiss Confederation (reconfirmed in 1664 and 1784), the village was granted the status as an imperial "cassina" or a village that was exempt from taxes.
The church of San Bernardo was built in 1634 and stands on the foundations of a late-medieval church.
The residents of the village supplemented their income from agriculture through money sent back by emigrants.
Carabietta is one of the smallest municipalities of Ticino. It is developing gradually into a small commuter town. It shares financial and school obligations with Barbengo and Grancia.
Geography.
Carabietta has an area, , of . Of this area, or 13.0% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 73.9% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 17.4% is settled (buildings or roads).
Of the built-up area, housing and buildings made up 13.0% and transportation infrastructure made up 4.3%. Out of the forested land, all of the forested land area is covered with heavy forests. Of the agricultural land, all of it is used for alpine pastures.
The municipality is located in the Lugano district, on the Agno arm of Lake Lugano.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Gules, a wall throughout argent masoned sable embattled with three fishtail merlons of the second, on a base azure two bars wavy of the same."
Demographics.
Carabietta had a population () of . , 15.5% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 22.4%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (72.0%), with German being second most common (17.0%) and English being third (5.0%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 17 speak German, 4 people speak French, 72 people speak Italian. The remainder (7 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 45.0% male and 55.0% female. The population was made up of 42 Swiss men (35.0% of the population), and 12 (10.0%) non-Swiss men. There were 54 Swiss women (45.0%), and 12 (10.0%) non-Swiss women.
In there was 1 death of a Swiss citizen and 1 non-Swiss citizen death. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 1 while the foreign population decreased by 1. There were 2 non-Swiss men and 1 non-Swiss woman who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was a decrease of 5 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 1 people. This represents a population growth rate of -3.3%.
The age distribution, , in Carabietta is; 4 children or 3.3% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 19 teenagers or 15.8% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 9 people or 7.5% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 6 people or 5.0% are between 30 and 39, 35 people or 29.2% are between 40 and 49, and 20 people or 16.7% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 7 people or 5.8% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 7 people or 5.8% are between 70 and 79, there are 13 people or 10.8% who are over 80.
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 89 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 5 room apartment of which there were 32. There were 1 single room apartments and 32 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 44 apartments (49.4% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 44 apartments (49.4%) were seasonally occupied and 1 apartment (1.1%) was empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 63.59% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (11.52%), the SP (9.22%) and the Ticino League (6.68%). In the federal election, a total of 57 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 73.1%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 76 registered voters in Carabietta, of which 58 or 76.3% voted. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 36 or 62.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 13 or 22.4%), the PS (with 6 or 10.3%) and the PPD+GenGiova (with 2 or 3.4%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, The most popular party was the PLRT which received 34 or 58.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 11 or 19.0%), the PS (with 6 or 10.3%) and the LEGA (with 5 or 8.6%).
Economy.
, Carabietta had an unemployment rate of 5.21%. , there were 3 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 3 businesses in this sector. There were 38 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 28.9% of the workforce.
, there were 5 workers who commuted into the municipality and 31 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 6.2 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 5.3% used public transportation to get to work, and 68.4% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 71 or 71.0% were Roman Catholic, while 13 or 13.0% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 15 individuals (or about 15.00% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 1 individuals (or about 1.00% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Carabietta about 81.7% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule").
In Carabietta there were a total of 24 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Carabietta there were children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years. In the municipality, 3 students attended the standard primary schools. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 14 students in the two-year middle school, while 2 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There was 1 vocational student who was attending school full-time and 3 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There was 1 student in the professional program.
, there were 9 students from Carabietta who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6957715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957715" title="History of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation">
History of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation

The Australian Broadcasting Corporation had its origins in a licensing scheme for individual radio stations administered by the Postmaster-General's Department established in 1923 into a content provider in radio, television and new media. From 1928 the National Broadcasting Service was established to take over 12 radio licences as a national broadcaster, while the Australian Broadcasting Company (a private company established in 1924) was responsible for supplying programs to the service.
The Australian Broadcasting Commission was established on 1 July 1932, funded by the Australian Government and bound by legislation enshrined in the "Australian Broadcasting Commission Act 1932". During and after the war, the ABC was given statutory powers that reinforced its independence from the government and enhanced its news-gathering role. From July 1946, the broadcaster was required by new legislation to broadcast parliamentary sessions from the Australian Parliament, and its news services were expanded.
A national television service was introduced in November 1956, and ABC news bureaus were established in several countries through the 1960s and 1970s. During those decades too, ABC TV showcased rock 'n roll music on music programmes "Six O'Clock Rock" and "Countdown".
The "Australian Broadcasting Corporation Act 1983" changed the name of the organisation from the "Australian Broadcasting Commission" to the "Australian Broadcasting Corporation", effective 1 July 1983. The ABC Multimedia Unit was established in 1995, to manage the new ABC website.
Origins.
Background.
The first public radio station in Australia opened in Sydney at 8:00pm on 23 November 1923 under the call sign 2SB (later 2BL), which was the first full-time radio station in Australia. Other stations in Melbourne, Brisbane, Adelaide, Perth and Hobart followed. A licensing scheme administered by the Postmaster-General's Department was soon established, allowing certain stations government funding, albeit with restrictions placed on their advertising content.
In 1924, the licensing system was changed. The Postmaster-General's Department collected all licence fees and broadcasters were funded as either A-Class or B-Class stations. A-Class stations (funded largely by listeners' subscriptions) received government funding and were able to take limited advertising, while B-Class stations received no government funding but could carry more advertising.
A 1927 Royal Commission into wireless broadcasting recommended that radio licence fees be pooled to fund larger A-Class stations. The government established the National Broadcasting Service to take over the 12 A-Class licences as they came up for renewal from 1928 through to 1930, at the same time acquiring the stations transmitters and studios. The original legislation permitted advertising, but this was removed from the Act before it came into effect. At the same time, the government contracted the Australian Broadcasting Company, a private company established in 1924, to supply programs to the new national broadcaster.
Initially the Postmaster-General's Department, which operated postal and telephone services, was responsible for operating the National Broadcasting Service, but this arrangement did not have universal political support.
Establishment of the ABC.
The Australian Broadcasting Commission was established on 1 July 1932 by the "Australian Broadcasting Commission Act 1932", to take over the Australian Broadcasting Company and run the National Broadcasting Service. The ABC was to be based on the BBC model, funded primarily from listener license fees with some direct government grants.
The Australian Broadcasting Commission's original twelve radio stations were:
These formed the basis for the present-day ABC Local Radio and Radio National networks.
At its inception, the commission was headed by five commissioners appointed by the Governor-General. From these five commissioners, one was appointed to the office of chairperson and another to the office of vice-chairperson. This board of directors then appointed a General Manager that did not have the office of commissioner. International broadcaster Radio Australia was incorporated into the Australian Broadcasting Commission in 1932.
The opening-day program included the first Children's Session with 'Bobby Bluegum', the first sports program, 'Racing Notes', with WA Ferry calling the Randwick races, 'British Wireless News', received by cable from London, weather, stock exchange and shipping news, the ABC Women's Association session (on 'common-sense housekeeping' and needlecraft), a talk on goldfish and their care, as well as 'Morning Devotions' and music. Conductor Sir Bernard Heinze was appointed part-time musical adviser to the ABC in 1934, while in 1937, the network was further expanded with the purchase of Brisbane's 4BC. Two years later, the commission began publishing the "ABC Weekly" – a radio magazine promoting the ABC's local radio, and later television, programs.
Over the next four years, the stations were reformed into a cohesive broadcasting organisation through regular program relays, coordinated by a centralised bureaucracy. The Australian broadcast radio spectrum at the time was made up of the ABC and the commercial sector.
During the broadcaster's first decades, programs generally consisted of music, news and current affairs, sport, drama, religion, children's educational supplements and school broadcasts. Because recording technology was still relatively primitive, all ABC programs (including music) were broadcast live until 1935, when the first disc-based recorder was installed at the commission's Sydney studios. For this purpose, the ABC established broadcasting orchestras in each state, and in some centres employed choruses and dance bands.
Among the other early programs were the stations' famous "synthetic" cricket broadcasts – when tests were played in England, commentators in the ABC's Sydney studios used cables from London and sound effects to recreate the match in play. In addition, all 38 of William Shakespeare's plays were performed live between 1936 and 1938. Local drama was also produced, with a competition for plays and sketches from Australian authors held in 1934. Talks from prominent figures of the time such as King George V, Pope Pius XI, British Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald, German Chancellor Adolf Hitler and H. G. Wells were also broadcast.
By 1933, regular program relays were in place between the ABC's stations in Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth – it was not until 1936 that Hobart was connected with the mainland, through a cable under the Bass Strait. News bulletins, however, continued to be read in each state from local newspapers (by agreement with the Newspaper Proprietors Association). It was not until 1934 that the ABC hired its first journalist – the service continued to be expanded, with the appointment of a Federal News Editor in 1936, and in 1939 a Canberra correspondent to cover national politics.
In November 1935, Sir Charles Moses was appointed general manager at the age of 35, a position he would hold until his retirement in 1965.
News broadcasts were initially restricted, due to pressure from Sir Keith Murdoch, who controlled many Australian newspapers. However, journalists such as Frank Dixon and John Hinde began to subvert the agreements in the late 1930s. in 1939, Warren Denning was appointed to Canberra as the first ABC political correspondent, after Murdoch had refused to allow his newspapers to cover a speech by Joseph Lyons.
World War II.
During World War II, the ABC continued to recruit staff, including a greater proportion of women to replace men who had joined the armed forces. In 1941 Margaret Doyle became the first female radio announcer on Australian national radio. The organisation established reporting and recording facilities in a number of overseas locations, including the Middle East, Greece and around the Asia-Pacific region. An early challenge to its independence came in June 1940 when wartime censorship was imposed, meaning that the Department of Information (headed by Sir Keith Murdoch) took control of the ABC's 7pm nightly national news bulletin. This lasted until September, when control of the news was returned to the ABC after listeners expressed a preference for independent news presented by the commission.
In 1940 one of the ABC Board's most prominent members, Dick Boyer, was appointed to the ABC, becoming chairman on 1 April 1945. Today known for the continuing series of Boyer Lectures initiated by him in 1959, he had a good but not too close with the general manager Sir Charles Moses, and remained chair until his retirement in 1961.
During the war, the ABC's news bulletins attained a reputation for authority and independence, and from 1942 onwards, were broadcast three times daily through all national and most commercial transmitters. During and after the war, the ABC was given statutory powers that reinforced its independence from the government and enhanced its news-gathering role.
On 7 January 1941, the ABC revived the Children's Session as a national program, including the "Argonauts Club", which was first broadcast in 1933–34 in Melbourne. The Argonauts Club proved hugely popular with young Australians – by 1950 there were over 50,000 members, with 10,000 new members joining each year through 1950s. The Club encouraged children's contributions of writing, music, poetry and art, and became one of the ABC's most popular programs, running six days a week for 28 years.
In 1942, "The Australian Broadcasting Act 1942" was passed, giving the ABC the power to decide when, and in what circumstances, political speeches should be broadcast. Directions from the Minister about whether or not to broadcast any matter now had to be made in writing, and any exercise of the power had to be mentioned in the commission's Annual Report. It was used only once, in 1963. In the same year, "Kindergarten of the Air" began on ABC Radio in Perth. The Act required that one of the commissioners be a woman. It was later broadcast nationally and became one of the ABC's most popular programs.
Boyer was determined to maintain the autonomy of the ABC and not allow it to be subject to interference by politicians, and was able to persuade Prime Minister John Curtin in 1945 to issue a public statement recognising the ABC's "special independence of judgement and action".
Post-war.
In December 1945, the long-running rural and regional affairs program "The Country Hour" premiered. The ABC's coverage of rural affairs was significantly enhanced by the deployment of journalists and "extension officers" to major country areas. The increasing availability of landlines and teleprinters allowed the organisation to gather and broadcast news and other program material with much greater efficiency than in the previous two decades. By this time, as many as 13 national news bulletins were broadcast daily.
Legislation passed in 1946 (the "Parliamentary Proceedings Broadcasting Act 1946") requiring the ABC to broadcast Parliament live when in session. The first broadcast from Parliament was of Question Time on 10 July 1946. The broadcasts were put onto the interstate network; however, the Commission frequently commented on the disruption this caused to its programming in its annual reports. The ABC was also required to "secure its news for broadcasting purposes within the Commonwealth by its own staff, and abroad through such overseas news agencies and other overseas sources as it desired" (along with its own foreign correspondents). The news department continued to expand, and was inaugurated on 1 June 1947.
Prime Minister Ben Chifley pledged that his government would aim to introduce television to the country as soon as possible. Changes to the ABC's funding structure took place in 1948. Amendments were made to the Broadcasting Act with the effect that the ABC would no longer receive its finances from licenses, but from a government appropriation. These amendments also increased the number of commissioners to seven, specifying that two must be public servants – one each from the Treasury departments and the Postmaster-General's Department. Boyer however continued to insist on the ABC's independence. (The requirement for public servants was dropped in the "Broadcasting and Television Act 1956", but the need for seven commissioners was retained – this allowed for each state and territory to be represented.)
Changes made in the post-war moved "serious" programming such as news, current affairs, and features – early forms of what became known as documentaries to the commission's national network, with lighter entertainment programming left for the metropolitan stations. A Light Entertainment department was formed, to produce programs such as "ABC Hit Parade", the "Wilfrid Thomas Show", Bob Dyer's "Dude Ranch" and "The Village Glee Club".
In 1956, the ABC had three international bureaux in London, New York and Port Moresby. In the same year, a new office opened in Singapore.
The television era: 1956.
In 1953, the federal "Television Act" was passed, providing the initial regulatory framework for both the ABC and commercial television networks. Over the next three years, planning for the introduction of a national television service was put in place – land for studios and transmitters in Sydney and Melbourne was acquired, and overseas tutors were brought to Australia to assist with training.
The first national public television station in Australia opened in Sydney at 7:00pm on 5 November 1956 under the call sign ABN-2. It was opened by Prime Minister of Australia Robert Menzies, with the first television broadcast presented by Michael Charlton, and James Dibble reading the first television news bulletin. ABV-2 (Melbourne, Victoria) followed two weeks later at 7:00pm on 18 November 1956. Stations in other capital cities followed: ABQ-2 (Brisbane, Queensland) (1959), ABS-2 (Adelaide, South Australia) (1960), ABW-2 (Perth, Western Australia) (1960), and ABT-2 (Hobart, Tasmania) (1960). ABC-3 (Canberra) opened in 1961, and ABD-6 (Darwin, Northern Territory) opened in 1971, both named after the base city.
Although radio programs could be broadcast nationally by landline, television relay facilities were not put in place until the early 1960s. This meant that news bulletins had to be sent to each capital city by teleprinter, to be prepared and presented separately in each city, with filmed materials copied manually and sent to each state.
A purpose-built television studio was built in Sydney, and opened on 29 January 1958, replacing temporary sound studios used since the ABC's television services launched in 1956. In the same year, technical equipment was also moved to permanent locations, while main transmitters were introduced to Melbourne and Sydney in 1957 and 1958 respectively.
1960s and 1970s.
Weekly current affairs program "Four Corners" began in 1961, followed in the same year by "Profiles of Power", a series of interviews with prominent Australians. Direct relays between Sydney and Melbourne, as well as Canberra, were also established in 1961, replacing temporary microwave relays as a means of simultaneously airing programs across multiple stations., Videotape equipment, allowing the sharing of footage with much greater ease and speed, was installed in each state capital by 1962.
The ABC was one of the first television networks to embrace the rock'n'roll revolution of the late 1950s, most notably with "Six O'Clock Rock", hosted by Johnny O'Keefe. During the 60s and early 70s the ABC continued to produce programs on popular music, including the pop show "Hitscene", performance specials by groups such as Tully and Max Merritt &amp; The Meteors, as well as the magazine-style program "GTK", which premiered in 1969 and screened for 10 minutes, four nights per week at 6.30pm, immediately prior to Bellbird and the 7pm news bulletin.
Although it was long thought that most of this priceless material had been erased – much like the BBC, an "economy drive" undertaken in the late 1970s led to the erasure of large amounts of videotaped material, including most of the first two years of "Countdown". However, extensive archival research within the ABC following the closure of the old Gore Hill studios in Sydney revealed that, although some early videotape-only content was erased, much of the primary footage had been shot on film and most of it was retained.
In the early years of television, the ABC had been using Lissajous figures as fillers in-between programs. A staff competition was conducted in 1963 to create a new logo. Graphic designer Bill Kennard submitted a design in 1965 which was part of the waveform of an oscilloscope. Kennard was paid £25 for his design, and it was officially adopted on 1 May 1964.
In 1967, the weeknightly television current affairs program, "This Day Tonight", and its counterpart on radio, "PM", were introduced. The ABC also focused on producing radio and television talk programs that explored a wide range of national and international issues. Prominent among these was "The Science Show", which began in 1975, hosted by Robyn Williams. In the same year radio program, "Coming out ready or not" (later known simply as "The Coming Out Show"), produced by the Australian Women's Broadcasting Cooperative, launched, dealing with women's issues.
The ABC also opened a number of new overseas news bureaux – new offices were opened in Jakarta and Kuala Lumpur in 1964, New Delhi and Tokyo in 1966, Washington in 1967, and Bangkok in 1972. Radio Australia also broadcast special news bulletins to Australian and New Zealand armed forces in Vietnam, with 20 correspondents covering the conflict between 1965 and 1972.
The number of commissioners was increased once again in 1967 to nine. In 1975 the Whitlam government introduced, without legislation, a staff elected commissioner position, subsequently discontinued by the Fraser government. Another amendment to the Act was passed in 1976 which raised the number of commissioners to eleven. In addition to mandating a commissioner from each state, it required two women to be on the commission.
In 1975, colour television was introduced in Australia. Within a decade, the ABC had moved into satellite broadcasting, enhancing its ability to distribute content nationally. In the same year, the ABC introduced a 24-hour-a-day AM rock station in Sydney, 2JJ (Double Jay), which was eventually expanded into the national Triple J FM network. A classical music network was established a year later on the FM band, broadcasting from Adelaide. It was initially known as ABC-FM – referring both to its "fine music" programming and radio frequency.
In 1973, New South Wales Rugby League boss Kevin Humphreys negotiated the rugby league's first television deal with the ABC. The first ABC Shop opened in 1974.
ABC budget cuts began in 1976 and continued until 1985. In 1978, the ABC NSW Staff Association organised a strike against budget cuts and political interference. Sydney ABC was off air for four days. A packed free concert in support was held at the Regent Theatre and compered by Bob Hudson. It featured Fred Dagg and Robyn Archer. In 1991, Tom Molomby wrote:
1980s.
In 1981, ABC Radio began carrying Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander broadcasts in Alice Springs and later Northern Queensland, while at the same time comedy and social history units were set up, and news and current affairs output expanded.
Sir Talbot Duckmanton resigned as general manager in 1982, the same year that the commission was host broadcaster for the Commonwealth Games, held in Brisbane. 1982 was also the Australian Broadcasting Commission's fiftieth anniversary, an event celebrated around the country.
The "Australian Broadcasting Corporation Act 1983" changed the name of the organisation from the "Australian Broadcasting "Commission"" to the "Australian Broadcasting "Corporation"" effective 1 July 1983. At the same time, the newly formed Corporation underwent significant restructuring – program production in Indigenous affairs, comedy, social history and current affairs was significantly expanded, while the corporation's output of drama was boosted. Local production trebled from 1986 to 1991 with the assistance of co-production, co-financing, and pre-sales arrangements.
The changes also resulted in the split of television and radio operations into two separate divisions, with an overhaul of management, finance, property and engineering undertaken. Geoffrey Whitehead was managing director; however, following his resignation in 1986, David Hill (at the time chair of the ABC Board) took over his position.
Teletext services were introduced to ABC-TV in 1983 to allow hearing-impaired viewers access to closed captions. "Nationwide", the successor to "This Day Tonight", was replaced in turn by a new, hour-long, national news program called "The National". Having proved unsuccessful, it reverted to a state "ABC News" bulletin at , with a state-based edition of "The 7.30 Report" following afterwards. "Lateline" and "Media Watch" also launched in the 1980s.
New guidelines passed by the ABC Board in 1984 led to increased Australian content on ABC-TV, particularly in prime time. New programs such as "The Investigators", "Quantum", and "Bush Tucker Man" were launched to large audiences. Other popular programs included "The D Generation", "Australia You're Standing In It", "The Big Gig", and long-running music program "Rage".
A new concert music department was formed in 1985 to coordinate the corporation's six symphony orchestras, which in turn received a greater level of autonomy in order to better respond to local needs. Open-air free concerts and tours, educational activities, and joint ventures with other music groups were undertaken at the time to expand the orchestras' audience reach.
ABC Radio was restructured significantly in 1985 – ABC Radio 1 became the ABC Metropolitan Network, while ABC Radio 2 became known as Radio National (callsigns, however, were not standardised until 1990). New programs such as "The World Today", "Australia All Over", and "The Coodabeen Champions" were introduced, while ABC-FM established an Australian Music Unit in 1989. Radio Australia began to focus on the Asia-Pacific region, with coverage targeted at the south west and central Pacific, south-east Asia, and north Asia. Radio Australia also carried more news coverage, with special broadcasts during the 1987 Fijian coups d'état, the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989, and (in the early 1990s) the Gulf War.
A government initiative undertaken in 1987 known as the Second Regional Radio Network established 19 new studios in regional areas (with an additional 16 upgraded), as well as approximately 300 additional transmitters. At the same time, Radio National and ABC-FM were expanded into these areas.
In August 1988 the Parliamentary Broadcast Network (PBN), was established under the National Metropolitan Radio Plan, as a dedicated network to carry the ABC's mandatory Parliamentary broadcasts on AM transmitters in each state capital as well as Newcastle and Canberra.
1990s.
The 1990s also saw the expansion of the ABC's network of ABC shops, which sell a wide range of program-related merchandise, including books, CDs and DVDs. During the same decade, "ABC Online" was established as a complement to the organisation's broadcasting endeavours, providing transcripts, podcasts, and other related material. Triple J, meanwhile, had grown to cover all state capitals in addition to Darwin, Canberra and Newcastle.
Increasing pressure throughout the 1980s led the ABC to divest its orchestras in 1990. It formed Symphony Australia, an umbrella organisation that coordinates the now independent state-based orchestras (still owned by the ABC). The Sydney Symphony Orchestra was the first to be corporatised in 1996 when Sydney Symphony Orchestra Holdings Pty Ltd was formed.
In Melbourne, the ABC Southbank Centre was completed in 1994, and now houses the radio division in Victoria as well as the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra.
The ABC Multimedia Unit was established in July 1995, to manage the new ABC website (launched in August). Funding was allocated later that year specifically for online content, as opposed to reliance on funding for television and radio content. The first online election coverage was put together in 1996, and included news, electorate maps, candidate information and live results.
By the early 1990s, all major ABC broadcasting outlets moved to 24-hour-a-day operation, while regional radio coverage in Australia was extended with 80 new transmitters. Live television broadcasts of selected parliamentary sessions started in 1990. The Parliamentary and News Network (PNN), forerunner of ABC NewsRadio, was launched in August 1994, adding a rolling news service to the former Parliamentary Broadcast Network. PNN was expanded to Darwin in 1996 to complete its coverage to all capital cities.
Trials for digital radio began in the 1990s, using the popular Eureka 147 standard. At the same time, the majority of operations were upgraded to fully digitised systems for program playout and storage, as well as a word processing system adapted specifically for the needs of the division's news services.
International television service Australia Television International was established in 1993, while at the same Radio Australia increased its international reach. Reduced funding in 1997 for Radio Australia resulted in staff and programming cuts.
ABC-FM relaunched in 1994 as ABC Classic FM, accompanied by major changes to the station's music and programming. In 1995, D-Cart digital technology developed by ABC Radio attracted worldwide interest and was sold to European, North American and Asian markets. The ABC used D-Radio, the first fully digital audio system, for Triple J.
Australia Television was sold to the Seven Network in 1998, however the service continued to show ABC news and current-affairs programming up until its closure in 2001.
2000s.
The 2001 centenary of the Federation of Australia was celebrated across a number of outlets on 6 May. In the same year, digital television commenced after four years of preparation. In readiness, the ABC had fully digitised its production, post-production and transmission facilities – heralded at the time as 'the greatest advance in television technology since the introduction of colour'. The first programs to be produced in widescreen were drama series "Something in the Air", "Grass Roots" and "In the Mind of the Architect".
At the same time, the ABC's Multimedia division was renamed 'ABC New Media', becoming an output division of the ABC alongside Television and Radio. Legislation allowed the ABC to provide 'multichannels' – additional, digital-only, television services managed by the New Media division. Soon after the introduction of digital television in 2001, Fly TV and the ABC Kids channel launched, showing a mix of programming aimed at teenagers and children. The division also experimented with interactive television in 2001, on the Optus Television subscription platform.
In July 2002, to celebrate ABC's 70th anniversary, the corporation launched a new logo across all media. Also, 3 new television idents are created for ABC TV to feature a silver ring transforming to the ABC logo.
In 2002, the ABC launched ABC Asia Pacific – the replacement for the defunct Australia Television channel operated previously by the Seven Network. Much like its predecessor, and companion radio network Radio Australia, the service provided a mix of programming targeted at audiences throughout the Asia-Pacific region. Funding cuts in 2003, meanwhile, led to the closure of Fly and the ABC Kid's Channel.
Meanwhile, ABC Radio continued to upgrade its studio and transmitter facilities. The ABC attracted large audiences for its non-commercial radio coverage of the 2000 Summer Olympics, with a range of programming across its various networks. All networks celebrated 100 years of radio in 2001 with special broadcasts marking the event and a limited edition CD released, with highlights of the ABC's output since 1932.
ABC NewsRadio began to continue its news programming online while its radio network broadcast parliament in 2002 – amongst the first of the corporation's radio networks to offer live, exclusive, streaming online. The service also expanded into the Gold Coast – the first new coverage area for the network in five years. The ABC launched a digital radio service, ABC DiG, in November 2002, available though the Internet and digital television, but not available through any other terrestrial broadcast until DAB+ became available in 2009.
In 2003, former Communications Minister Senator Richard Alston lodged 68 complaints with the Independent Complaints Review Panel against ABC's "AM" radio program for its coverage of the US-led invasion of Iraq. The panel upheld 17 of the lodged complaints, overall finding no evidence of biased and anti-Coalition coverage. Of the 17 complaints by the Minister that were upheld, 12 displayed serious bias on the part of the reporters or the program's presenter Linda Mottram. In 2003 the ABC's Sydney operations moved from Gore Hill to new building built by Leighton Contractors in Ultimo.
ABC2, a second attempt at a digital-only television channel, launched on 7 March 2005. Unlike its predecessors the new service was not dependent on government funding, instead running on a budget of $3 million per year. Minister for Communications Helen Coonan inaugurated the channel at Parliament House three days later. Genre restrictions limiting the types of programming the channel could carry were lifted in October 2006 – ABC2 was henceforth able to carry programming classified as comedy, drama, national news, sport and entertainment.
In 2006, a revised and updated version of Ken Inglis' 1983 history of the ABC, "This is the ABC – 1932–1983", was published by Black Inc., entitled "Whose ABC? The Australian Broadcasting Corporation 1983–2006".
A restructure of the ABC board, undertaken in 2006 by the Howard government, abolished the position of staff-elected director. The elected director was previously nominated and elected by employees of the ABC. Nominees for this director office were to have been employed at least 24 hours a week by the ABC and the term of office was two years with eligibility for re-election to a second term. An elected director was not eligible for a third term of office. This move drew criticism from the Labor Party, Australian Greens, and the Democrats, who saw it as a 'revenge measure' taken against the corporation. In the same year, managing director Mark Scott formally released a new set of editorial guidelines covering news and current affairs, opinion programs, factual programs and performance pieces. The ABC must express "a full range of views in opinion-based programs and ensure that when an opinion is expressed, it is clearly marked as an opinion". The guidelines came into effect in March 2007.
A high incidence of breast cancer in female staff working at the ABC's offices in the Brisbane suburb of Toowong led to the closure of the site in December 2006, with TV and radio operations being moved to alternative locations around the city. The ABC's Managing Director, Mark Scott, announced in August 2007 that new studios would be built on the site, following the final release of the Review and Scientific Investigation Panel's report. However, in January 2012 the staff were moved into purpose-built accommodation in Brisbane's South Bank.
In the lead up to the 2007 federal election, the Howard government endorsed a proposal submitted to the Australian Communications &amp; Media Authority by the ABC to launch a second digital channel targeted at children. The new channel, titled ABC3, would aim to provide at least 50% Australian-made content. On 8 February 2008, ABC TV was rebranded as ABC1, and a new channel for children, ABC3, was funded and announced by the Rudd government in June.
ABC iview, an online video-on-demand service, launched in 2007 as "ABC Playback". It was renamed "ABC iview" in July 2008, it allows viewers to watch shows from ABC1 and ABC2, as well as news updates and previews from the ABC Shop. The service offers full-screen video through a Flash-based interface, building on the 55 shows already podcasted or released online.
ABC3 and ABC News 24 moved to new digital channels in 2009.
2010s.
ABC News, a dedicated news channel, was launched on 22 July 2010, It became the ABC's fifth domestic TV channel and the fourth launched within the previous 10 years.
On 20 July 2014, ABC1 reverted to its original name of ABC TV. In October 2014, the ABC ran its first "Mental As" week focusing on improving awareness of mental health issues, as part of Mental Health Week.
In November 2014, a cut of to funding over the following five years meant that the ABC would have to shed about 10% of its staff, around 400 people. There were several programming changes, with regional and local programming losing out to national programs, and the Adelaide TV production studio had to close (apart from news and current affairs). ABC websites were cut, along with state-based sports broadcasting and the state editions of "7.30". A new Digital Network Division would oversee online operations, and the Regional Division was promised.
In December 2015, it was announced that former BSkyB (UK), Star TV (Hong Kong), and Google executive Michelle Guthrie would take over from managing director Mark Scott, who was to retire in April 2016.
ABC3 was rebranded as ABC ME in 2016. Also in that year, the ABC's coverage of the issue of sexual abuse in the Catholic Church won praise, including the awarding of the Melbourne Press Club 2016 Quill for Coverage of an Issue or Event for the report "George Pell and Sexual Abuse in the Catholic Church", and the 2016 Golden Quill award to Louise Milligan and Andy Burns for their extensive coverage of Cardinal George Pell's evidence given at the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse.
In November 2016, the ABC announced that ABC News 24 and ABC NewsRadio would be rebranded under a unified ABC News brand. The relaunch occurred on 10 April 2017.
In August 2017, refurbished premises in the Melbourne Arts Precinct in Southbank were opened, incorporating both TV and radio teams. Occupying four floors, the offices include 5 TV studios, 19 radio studios, extensive production facilities and a sound and film archive. Studio 31, known as the Ripponlea studio (although situated in Gordon Street in the adjoining suburb of Elsternwick in Melbourne) and nicknamed "The Dream Factory", closed in November 2017, with the new state-of-the-art Studio 31 relocated to the Southbank ABC Centre.
Between July 2017 and June 2018, the "Regional Connecting Communities" program was launched, which provided funding for increased jobs in the regions, as well as more resources for local news, weather and live reporting.&lt;ref name="ar2017/8"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; Also during this financial year, the whole of the ABC underwent an organisational restructure, after which the Radio and Television Divisions were no longer separate entities each under a director, instead being split across several functional divisions, with different teams producing different genres of content for television, radio and digital platforms. The Entertainment &amp; Specialist (E&amp;S) team focussed on comedy, kids' programs, drama, Indigenous-related programs, music, other entertainment and factual content; the new ABC Specialist team created content across the arts, science, religion &amp; ethics, education and society &amp; culture; while the Regional &amp; Local team focussed on regional and local content.
In June 2018, the Liberal Party's annual federal council voted to privatise the ABC. The decision is not binding on the federal government, so is seen as unlikely to impact government policy.
Around 23 September 2018, Guthrie was sacked from her role as managing director, and David Anderson stepped in as the acting managing director, initially as a temporary measure. A leadership crisis ensued after allegations arose that ABC Chair, Justin Milne, had, according to the MEAA, engaged in "overt political interference in the running of the ABC that is in clear breach of the ABC charter and the role of the chairperson" by interfering in editorial and staffing matters. After pressure for an independent inquiry or statement from Milne, or his resignation, following meetings by ABC staff in various locations, on 27 September Milne resigned.
In February 2019, after the roles of ABC chair and managing director had been vacant for over four months, Ita Buttrose was named chair. Buttrose named the acting managing director, David Anderson as the official managing director in May 2019.
Coverage of the lead-up to Cardinal Pell's 2018–19 trials and subsequent acquittal in 2020 was criticised by prominent Catholics, including Pell himself, and conservative commentators, such as Paul Kelly, Greg Craven, Gerard Henderson and Greg Sheridan.
On 5 June 2019, Australian Federal Police (AFP) raided the headquarters of the ABC looking for articles written in 2017 about alleged misconduct by Australian special forces in Afghanistan, later dubbed the Afghan Files. Search warrants naming two journalists and news director Gaven Morris were issued. The raid was countered by lawyers for the ABC in litigation against the AFP, challenging the examination of over 9,200 documents, including internal emails. In February 2020 the case was dismissed by the federal court. In June 2020, the AFP sent a brief of evidence to the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions (CDPP), the federal public prosecutor, recommending charges be laid against journalist Dan Oakes for breaking the Afghan Files story, but in October 2020, the CDPP dropped the case. This raid, along with another AFP raid on the home of News Corp journalist Annika Smethurst in the same month, became the subject of a Senate inquiry by the Environment and Communications References Committee on press freedom. The final report, published in May 2021, made 17 recommendations, including proposed reforms to laws that have the potential to criminalise public interest journalism, as well as proposals to improve federal protections for whistleblowers.
2020s.
In June 2020, the ABC announced it needed to cut 250 jobs, a number of programs, and reduce its travel and production budgets after the Morrison government cut its budget by following multi-year indexation freezes. Existing television and radio channels would remain, but transmission cuts would occur in the future. Radio news would be cut back and ABC Life would be rebranded as ABC Local, and most staff would be moving outside of Sydney.
Also in June 2020, ABC TV's flagship Sunday morning current affairs program "Insiders" received criticism regarding a lack of diversity when it became apparent the program had likely never had a non-white person on its panel in its history. Subsequently, Indigenous Affairs editor Bridget Brennan became the first person of colour to appear on the show when she was invited onto the program, a week after an all-white panel had discussed the Black Lives Matter movement.
In 2021, the former Attorney-General in the Morrison government, Christian Porter, sued the ABC for defamation over an article written by Louise Milligan about an historic rape allegation. Porter discontinued the action in May 2021.
In June 2021, the ABC partnered with First Nations Media Australia, with the two organisations sharing knowledge and staff to bring more Indigenous voices and stories to Australian media over a period of 12 months. The partnership is part of the ABC's overall "Elevate" Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP), which also includes a project to focus on Indigenous sport on ABC Digital Radio. In November 2022, Suzanne Dredge was appointed as the first Head of Indigenous News at the ABC.
In June 2021, the ABC announced its plan to move around 300 staff to offices in Parramatta, in a plan which would see 75% of journalists and producers moving out of the Ultimo building by 2025 in order to reduce costs. Rental from some of the vacant space in the city centre would earn additional income to offset the ongoing effects of the significant funding cuts since 2014 and the recent indexation freeze.
An "AM" report broadcast on 31 January 2023 regarding a town meeting that had been held in Alice Springs to address youth crime in the town prompted a number of complaints from listeners. Complainants took issue with the impartiality of the report, particularly suggestions that there had been elements of white supremacy at the meeting. The Ombudsman's Office upheld 19 complaints, finding the "AM" report had breached impartiality standards. The story was re-edited, an editor's note attached and the error acknowledged on the "Corrections and Clarifications" webpage. David Anderson later admitted during a Senate Estimates hearing that there had been a failure in the ABC's processes during production, and did not contain the necessary perspectives for a balanced report.
In April 2023, criticism was levelled at the ABC, including by its own "Media Watch" program, for seemingly ignoring a legitimate news story about the conduct of independent senator Lidia Thorpe. Thorpe had been caught engaged in an altercation with members of the public outside a Melbourne strip club in the early hours of 16 April 2023. Despite it being covered by many other media outlets, the ABC largely ignored the story until several days later when it published an online story on 19 April 2023 after prime minister Anthony Albanese urged Thorpe to seek help. "Media Watch" host Paul Barry described the ABC's decision not to report the story earlier as "pathetic".
The ABC was widely criticised in May 2023 for deciding to commence its live coverage of the Coronation of Charles III and Camilla by holding a largely anti-monarchy panel discussion instead of reporting directly on the event as it got underway in London. "The Coronation: A discussion about the Monarchy in 2023" was hosted by Jeremy Fernandez and Julia Baird and featured anti-monarchists Stan Grant, Craig Foster and Teela Reid as well as monarchist Julian Leeser. Much time was spent during the discussion criticising the monarchy and the affect the institution has had on First Nations Australians.
In 2024, ABC controversially sacked journalist Antoinette Lattouf. A group known as Lawyers for Israel had advocated for the ABC to fire her, after Lattouf shared a post from Human Rights Watch critical of Israel.
Notes and references.
Notes
References

</doc>
<doc id="6957721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957721" title="Colimarena">
Colimarena

Colimarena is a genus of spiders in the family Zodariidae (ant spiders), found in the state of Colima, Mexico.
Description.
"Colimarena" species are medium-sized spiders, with a body length of 3.5–6.0 mm. The fourth leg is longest. The cephalothorax (prosoma) is pale orange to pale brown in colour; the abdomen is mostly darker with a paler pattern of chevrons and spots.
Taxonomy.
The genus was erected in 2005 by Rudy Jocqué and Léon Baert for two new species from the Mexican state of Colima. The generic name is based on this location. "Colimarena" is distinguished from related genera by the very high clypeus and the shape of the male palpal bulb: the tegulum is horseshoe-shaped and the embolus is mostly hidden in a hollow in the tegulum. The genus name was changed from "Colima" to "Colimarena" in 2021 on account of "Colima" being preoccupied in Opiliones.
Species.
, the World Spider Catalog accepted the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="6957723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957723" title="Bind over for sentence">
Bind over for sentence



</doc>
<doc id="6957731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957731" title="Dvorníky-Včeláre">
Dvorníky-Včeláre

Dvorníky-Včeláre () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6957735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957735" title="ABC TV (Australian TV channel)">
ABC TV (Australian TV channel)

ABC TV, formerly known as ABC1, is an Australian national public television network. It is owned and operated by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, and is the flagship ABC Television network. The headquarters of the ABC TV channel and the ABC are in Ultimo, an inner-city suburb of Sydney.
The network began operating on 5 November 1956 as the ABC National Television Service, starting in Sydney, followed by Melbourne, with other stations being established in state capitals and regional areas in the following years. In the 1960s and 1970s, the network was also referred to as ABC National Television, or ABC Television. Until the introduction of digital television in 2001, the network was the only domestic television service broadcast by the ABC. On 8 February 2008, the channel was renamed ABC1, before being rebranded as ABC TV on 20 July 2014.
As of 2024, the ABC is the third-rated television network and primary channel in Australia, behind the Seven Network and Nine Network but ahead of Network 10 and SBS TV.
History.
Origins.
In 1953 the "Television Act" was passed, providing the initial regulatory framework for both ABC Television and commercial television networks under the ABC. The ABC's 1956 Annual Report stated that it aimed to create a "television service as truly national in character as its resources will permit".
The first ABC station was launched in Sydney, ABN-2, followed by ABV-2 in Melbourne, in time to cover the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, with the first television broadcast was inaugurated by prime minister Robert Menzies on 5 November 1956 at the Gore Hill studios in Sydney, followed two weeks later by transmission in Melbourne. A purpose-built television studio opened in Sydney on 29 January 1958, replacing the temporary sound studios used the service's inception. In the same year, technical equipment was also moved to permanent locations, while main transmitters were introduced to Melbourne and Sydney in 1957 and 1958 respectively. Services had expanded to all of the other states by the end of June 1960.
1960s to the 1990s.
Direct television relays between Sydney, Melbourne and Canberra were established in 1961, and in 1963, using microwave transmission as a temporary measure, television programs from Adelaide were viewed simultaneously across the four eastern capitals. Videotape equipment, allowing the sharing of footage with much greater ease and speed, was installed in each state capital by 1962.
Teletext services were introduced to the television service in 1983 to allow hearing impaired viewers access to closed captions. "Nationwide", successor to "This Day Tonight", was replaced in turn by a new, hour-long, national news program called "The National". Having proved unsuccessful, it reverted to a state "ABC News" bulletin at 7:00pm, with a state-based edition of "The 7.30 Report" following afterwards. "Lateline" and "Media Watch" also launched in the 1980s.
2000s.
In 2001 a new logo was launched, featuring a modification to a three-dimensional metallic design, to celebrate the introduction of digital terrestrial television in Australia, when digital television was introduced to most of the network's coverage area on 1 January 2001, soon followed by the gradual introduction of widescreen and high definition programming. On 1 August 2001 on channel 21, ABC Kids was launched, becoming the first digital multi-channel service, with Fly TV following soon afterwards, but both had limited availability, and were closed in a round of funding cuts in 2003.
2005–2008: Change of status and rebranding.
On 7 March 2005 a new digital channel called ABC2 (now ABC Family) was launched, according to then Director of ABC New Media and Digital Services Lynley Marshall, "like the 'younger sibling' of ABC main channel", running on a very low budget. A large amount of its schedule was dedicated to regional issues, with programs such as "Australia Wide", "Landline" and "Stateline".
At midday on 8 February 2008 ABC TV was re-branded as ABC1, with the standard-definition redirect channel moved from LCN22 to LCN2. Further cementing the change in identity was the change from the slogan "There's more to television" to "It begins with 1". After concerns in some sections of the media that the 43-year-old Lissajous curve brand was to disappear completely, ABC management reaffirmed that it would remain in use by the corporation.
2010–present: Rebranding and renaming.
In May 2010, ABC1 announced its first channel controller, BBC Worldwide's Brendan Dahill. He commenced in August 2010. 
As part of the digital television transition in Australia, the ABC gradually ended its transmissions on analogue TV which commenced in July 2010 and concluded on 10 December 2013 when the transmitters switched off in Melbourne and remaining remote areas.
On 6 February 2011, ABC1 launched its new branding via idents featuring a range of channel personalities, including the face of the channel Adam Hills, with the new tagline "Think Entertainment", designed by design agency The Lab. The network's famous Lissajous curve logo was modified by adding a "1".
ABC1 channel controller Brendan Dahill moved to ABC1 / ABC2 Head of Programming on 1 January 2014.
On 20 July 2014, ABC1 reverted to just "ABC" and introduced new idents featuring the 1975 Lissajous curve logo being drawn by itself of videos of people doing activities (taken from ABC Open's video library). Then, the words "It's (Insert Words Here)'s ABC" (the words change depending on the ident) fade in on the left side of the logo. The words then change to "#OurABC", which was the network's then-new slogan. The "#OurABC" slogan at the end of each ident was changed to "Yours" on 31 December 2017. The 1975 logo was reinstated in February 2019.
Programming.
The ABC is required by charter to meet certain programming obligations. Although it has a strong focus on news and current affairs, it also presents documentaries and educational programs, drama, light entertainment comedy and variety, and sports. unlike the other Australian commercial television networks, it doesn't do deals with international branches of major American film and television studios, but instead airs a few programs from different companies, mainly from British, Canadian and Western European and Asian companies and some American companies, it has aired programs from BBC, Channel 5, Teletoon, YTV, Nelvana and Treehouse (both subsidiaries of Corus Entertainment), Nickelodeon/Paramount (since the early 90s even though certain Nick shows aired on Network 10, Nine Network, 10 Peach, 9Go! and now Nickelodeon), The Walt Disney Company/Disney Channel/Disney XD, (many usually aired on Seven Network), NBCUniversal, DreamWorks Animation/DreamWorks Classics, PBS/WGBH, Decode Entertainment, Cinar, Cookie Jar, Ragdoll Productions, and DiC (both subsidiaries of and/or now DHX Media-now WildBrain), Sesame Workshop, The Jim Henson Company, 20th Television/FX Networks, Toei Animation and HiT Entertainment,among various others, nowadays it airs shows from Warner Bros. and it's subsidiaries Warner Bros. Animation and Cartoon Network/Warner Bros. Discovery Global Networks(previously Warner/CN content aired on Nine Network and its sister channels 9Go!, and 9Gem) and Sony Pictures Television.
News, analysis and investigations.
"ABC News", broadcast on the ABC, is a national news service produced by the News, Analysis &amp; Investigations division of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
A number of bulletins and updates are shown throughout the day, which include the flagship state-based evening bulletins of "ABC News" at 7.00pm, focused on local, national and international news relevant to their entire respective state or territory. In addition, "News Breakfast" is broadcast each morning from 6.00am, and it is also shown on the ABC News channel, "ABC News at Noon", a national edition of ABC News, is broadcast at noon live from the ABC's studios in Ultimo, Sydney. News updates are presented nationally only on both the ABC News channel and ABC throughout the day; however evening updates are shown in most states by their respective presenters.
Other flagship programs, which include the weeknightly "7.30" and the weekly "Four Corners", "Australian Story" and "Foreign Correspondent", are broadcast in prime-time. "Landline", "Insiders", "Offsiders", "Media Watch" cover rural, political and business, sport and media affairs respectively.
Sport.
ABC Television, Radio, News and Online cover many sports. It was the first broadcaster of the W-League (football), a partnership that remained from 2008 to 2017. From October 2019 for the first time, ABC Television was the official free-to-air partner of the A-League, as well as returning to the W-League, in a deal which included the Socceroos and Matildas and lasted for two years. ABC TV broadcast one A-League game a weekend live, and has had the right to broadcast delayed coverage of some finals matches and the Grand Final. The deal included 14 rounds of the W-League's 2019/20 Season and the whole W-League 2020 Finals Series, and many games played by the Socceroos and Matildas. However, from August 2021, both the A-League and W-League begin a five-year deal with ViacomCBS giving broadcast rights to Network 10.
Availability.
ABC varies depending on state and territory in terms of what 7:00pm news bulletin, state-edition of "7.30", and some promotions, are shown. National programming is often interrupted to show state election coverage. Each state and territory's individual station is based on that of its capital city, meaning that in the state of Victoria, all programmes originate from either Melbourne or Sydney, where the remainder of programmes are broadcast from. ABC is broadcast nationally via ABC Television transmitters, in a standard definition format.
ABC HD.
The ABC HD multi-channel was launched on 1 January 2008. The service provided a 720p simulcast of ABN Sydney nationwide. The channel was closed on 22 July 2010 and its HD channel space was re-purposed for the ABC News channel. ABC HD was relaunched on 6 December 2016 as a simulcast of ABC, localised to each state, reducing the news channel to SD.
Following the government's decision to remove SD primary channel limitations, ABC Director of Television Richard Finlayson announced in November 2015 that the ABC would recommence simulcasting in high definition in June 2016. However, the launch date was later pushed back to an indefinite time in late 2016 due to technical reasons, with the launch date finally announced as 6 December 2016. However, in contrast to its past, ABC HD provided region-specific simulcasting, not just a nationwide simulcast of ABN Sydney. Additionally, the channel broadcast in MPEG-4 format as opposed to the traditional MPEG-2 format. As a result of the channel's revival, the ABC News channel was reduced to a standard definition broadcast.
ABC iview.
Most ABC TV programs are also available on demand via ABC iview, a video-on-demand and catch-up TV service which became available on 24 July 2008.
Logo history.
In the early years, ABC TV had been using Lissajous curves with its initials, ABC TV, inside it as fillers in-between programmes. At the time, lissajous patterns (a waveform used by oscilloscopes) were used by broadcast engineers to help tune both radio and television frequencies, before more sophisticated electronic tools had been invented. The 3:1 ratio was chosen because the 2:1 ratio was being used by the University of Sydney at the time. Space engineer Doug Rickard claims to have suggested and demonstrated the waveform in the early 1960s and wrote in his memoir that he had been paid for it. A staff competition was conducted in July 1963 to create a new logo for the ABC. Bill Kennard, who was senior graphic designer at the ABC between 1956 and 1974, came up with the winning design, praised as "crisp, functional and of its age", for which he was paid £25. On 1 May 1964, the logo was officially adopted by the ABC. 
The logo has been adapted and modified several times over the years, 

</doc>
<doc id="6957737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957737" title="Carona, Ticino">
Carona, Ticino

Carona is a former municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013 the former municipalities of Bogno, Cadro, Carona, Certara, Cimadera, Valcolla and Sonvico merged into the municipality of Lugano.
History.
Carona is first mentioned in 926 as "Calauna". The hamlet of Ciona was first mentioned in 1213.
During the Middle Ages the village of Carona and the hamlet of Ciona formed a "Kastlanei" of the Bishop of Como. During the Middle Ages, the Church of Santa Maria was built in the hamlet of Torello. After 1349, the church was supported by a community of Augustinians Canons from the nearby monastery (built in 1217 by Guglielmo Della Torre). For the village's loyalty to the Visconti and Guelph families, it received its coat of arms. According to Swiss Confederation law, it enjoyed a special status ("terra separata") which included exemption from certain laws and taxes. The old, medieval statutes were renewed in 1470.
The Carona romanesque village church of San Giorgio was first mentioned in 1425. Two years later it was raised to become a parish church. The church of S. Marta was built in the 14th century, and was formerly known as the Church of SS Pietro e Paolo. The Baroque pilgrimage church of Madonna d'Ongero was built in 1624, to the west of the village in the forest. The church of S. Maria delle Grazie was built in Ciona. The last two churches as well as the homes of the village from the 17th and 18th centuries represent the growing wealth of the village, through emigration of artists from Carona. The Carona artist families, including the Aprile, Casella, Scala and Solari families, were active throughout Europe during the 15th-18th centuries.
The village remained an agricultural and grazing village until the beginning of the 19th century, when Lugano developed into a tourist destination. In 1943, the S. Grato hill was cleared and farming began on the hill. However, the buildings were later converted into a vacation complex. After centuries of decline, the population doubled in the 1970s and 80s, as new homes were built outside the historic core village. In 2000 21% of the population spoke German. There is a major swimming pool and sports center, that serve the surrounding communities.
Geography.
Before the merger, Carona had a total area of . Of this area, or 9.7% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 84.6% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 12.0% is settled (buildings or roads) and or 1.3% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 7.2% and transportation infrastructure made up 2.1%. while parks, green belts and sports fields made up 2.5%. Out of the forested land, 80.8% of the total land area is heavily forested and 3.8% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 2.5% is used for growing crops and 7.2% is used for alpine pastures.
The former municipality is located in the Lugano district, between the S. Salvatore and Arbostora mountains near Lake Lugano. It consists of the village of Carona and the hamlets of Ciona and Torello.
Carona also features Parco San Grato, a park with views over Lake Lugano and a collection of azaleas, rhododendrons and conifers.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Azure a church argent with widowns and doors gules on a clif of the second issuant from a lake proper in the base."
Demographics.
Carona had a population (as of 2011) of 827. , 19.5% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 10.1%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (69.8%), with German being second most common (21.0%) and English being third (4.0%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 143 speak German, 19 people speak French, 475 people speak Italian. The remainder (44 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 46.5% male and 53.5% female. The population was made up of 276 Swiss men (35.7% of the population), and 84 (10.9%) non-Swiss men. There were 342 Swiss women (44.2%), and 72 (9.3%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 6 live births to Swiss citizens and 1 birth to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 5 deaths of Swiss citizens and 1 non-Swiss citizen death. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 1 while the foreign population remained the same. There was 1 Swiss man who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 6 non-Swiss men and 3 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 4 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 5 people. This represents a population growth rate of -0.1%.
The age distribution, , in Carona is; 79 children or 10.2% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 64 teenagers or 8.3% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 99 people or 12.8% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 79 people or 10.2% are between 30 and 39, 134 people or 17.3% are between 40 and 49, and 130 people or 16.8% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 110 people or 14.2% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 46 people or 5.9% are between 70 and 79, there are 33 people or 4.3% who are over 80.
, there were 298 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.3 persons per household. there were 292 single family homes (or 80.0% of the total) out of a total of 365 inhabited buildings. There were 41 two family buildings (11.2%) and 21 multi-family buildings (5.8%). There were also 11 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 505 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 5 room apartment of which there were 174. There were 20 single room apartments and 174 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 297 apartments (58.8% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 194 apartments (38.4%) were seasonally occupied and 14 apartments (2.8%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 2.6 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Church of Della Madonna D’Ongero, the parish church of SS. Giorgio e Andrea with a community center and the Complex of S. Maria Assunta di Torello are listed as Swiss heritage site of national significance. The village of Carona and the settlements of Ciona and Torello are listed as part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SP which received 33.52% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (23.68%), the CVP (14.29%) and the Green Party (10.18%). In the federal election, a total of 232 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 44.9%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 518 registered voters in Carona, of which 280 or 54.1% voted. 2 blank ballots were cast, leaving 278 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PS which received 73 or 26.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 62 or 22.3%), the SSI (with 36 or 12.9%) and the Greens (with 32 or 11.5%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 1 blank ballot and 2 null ballots were cast, leaving 277 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PS which received 84 or 30.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 58 or 20.9%), the SSI (with 37 or 13.4%) and the LEGA (with 36 or 13.0%).
Economy.
, Carona had an unemployment rate of 3.07%. , there were 2 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 1 business involved in this sector. 7 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 2 businesses in this sector. 41 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 18 businesses in this sector. There were 301 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 42.5% of the workforce.
, there were 35 workers who commuted into the municipality and 219 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 6.3 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 25.7% of the workforce coming into Carona are coming from outside Switzerland. Of the working population, 11.3% used public transportation to get to work, and 61.1% used a private car.
, there was one hotel in Carona.
Religion.
From the , 402 or 59.0% were Roman Catholic, while 83 or 12.2% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 161 individuals (or about 23.64% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 35 individuals (or about 5.14% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Carona about 81% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule").
In Carona there were a total of 98 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Carona there were 4 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 39 students attended the standard primary schools and 1 student attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 23 students in the two-year middle school, while 15 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 6 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 9 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There was 1 student in the professional program.
, there were 116 students from Carona who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6957738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957738" title="Dvorniky-Vcelare">
Dvorniky-Vcelare



</doc>
<doc id="6957742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957742" title="Eugene Delmar">
Eugene Delmar

Eugene Delmar (September 12, 1841, New York – February 22, 1909, New York), was one of the leading United States chess masters of the 19th century and the four-time New York State champion in 1890, 1891, 1895 and 1897. He won a match against Robert Henry Barnes with only a single draw (+7 –0 =1).

</doc>
<doc id="6957743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957743" title="Dvaitadvaita">
Dvaitadvaita



</doc>
<doc id="6957747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957747" title="Gyňov">
Gyňov

Gyňov () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1255.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 200 metres and covers an area of 5.38 km2. It has a population of about 570 people.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6957748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957748" title="Vannius">
Vannius

Vannius (flourished in 1st century AD) was the king of the Germanic tribe Quadi.
According to The Annals of Tacitus, Vannius came to power following the defeat of the Marcomannic King Catualda by the Hermunduri King Vibilius, establishing the ("regnum Vannianum"). It was the first political unit in the area that is now Slovakia. Vannius was a client king of the Roman Empire and ruled from 20 AD to 50 AD. Tacitus writes that he was "renowned and popular with his countrymen," but after a long reign, he "became a tyrant, and the enmity of neighbours, joined to intestine strife, was his ruin." Joined by Vangio and Sido, sons of a sister of Vannius, Vibilius of the Hermunduri again led the deposition. Emperor Claudius, decided to stay out of the conflict, fearing that the Lugii and other Germanic tribes would be attracted by the "opulent realm which Vannius had enriched during thirty years of plunder and tribute."
Vannius was easily defeated by the Lugii and the Hermunduri, although he won some credit through being wounded in battle. Vannius managed to flee to his fleet on the Danube, and was awarded lands in Pannonia by Claudius. His realm was subsequently divided between his nephews Vangio and Sido. Tacitus writes that Vangio and Sido were "admirably loyal" to the Romans, but among their subjects, by whom they were "much loved" while seeking to acquire power, they became "yet more hated when they acquired it."

</doc>
<doc id="6957749" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957749" title="Gynov">
Gynov



</doc>
<doc id="6957751" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957751" title="Hawierzów">
Hawierzów



</doc>
<doc id="6957753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957753" title="Mitsubishi Cyclone engine">
Mitsubishi Cyclone engine



</doc>
<doc id="6957755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957755" title="Nattika">
Nattika

Nattika is a small village in Thrissur district of Kerala state, South India. It is centrally located about 25 km from Thrissur, Kodungallur, Irinjalakuda, Chavakkad, Kunnamkulam and Guruvayur. Nattika is beside the Arabian Sea. There is a beach in this village called Nattika Beach. Nattika Beach was previously known as "Attakuzhi Bandhar Kadapuram". Nattika is on the west coast of Thrissur. Conolly Canal is the eastern border of Nattika. There is a private bus stand in Thriprayar. Nattika is 60 km away from Cochin International Airport and 25 km away from Thrissur railway station. Modern transportation and better communication facilities are available in the village. This is an assembly constituency.
History.
In November 2024, it was reported that several persons from Govindapuram were crushed to death in an accident in Nattika.
Places of worship.
The Sree Rama temple of Triprayar is in Nattika Panchayat. This temple has the biggest Sree Rama shrine in south India. This Temple has brought glory and fame to the place. This is considered to be a holy place for Hindus. Nattika Sree Arikiri Bhagavathy temple is the famous Bhadra Kali temple in Nattika. There are many temples in Nattika including the Eyyani Annapoorneswari Temple,Panaparambil Temple, Sree Durga Devi Kshethram, Nattika (Vaily), Netrakovil Siva Temple, Vazhakulam Temple, Arayamparambil Temple, Panakkal Pandikasalakkal Durga Bhagavati Temple, Nagadevata Temple, Eran Samajam Temple, Erachan Sree Bhadrakali temple, Thottupura Temple, etc. There exists a famous mosque at Nattika Beach which was believed to be built at least three hundred years ago and was renovated around 1985. Nattika beach Yaseen masjid is another mosque in this area.
Educational Institutions.
There exists a TSGA Indoor Stadium at Thriprayar which hosts many state and national level events.
Famous Personalities.
MA Yusuf Ali - Indian Businessman
TN Prathapan-Indian Politician
Society.
People from all religions &amp; castes co-exists in harmony at Nattika including Hindus, Muslims and Christians. There are a lot of people belonging to the Dheevara Community.
Fishing was an important economic activity and source of income in the past. The major source income of the people is the remittance from Middle east. 
At Nattika Beach, every year a big fest, Oruma, is held by the Kerala Government for promoting tourism. This programme runs for a week and thousands of people come to see and participate in this festival. Many elephants are decorated and brought for this festival and there are different types of cultural programmes performed by famous artists from different fields.
Nattika beach is a 3 km long White sandy beach and fishing is carried on here and now, there are many Ayurveda resorts and many tourists from different parts of world visit these resorts. East Tipu Sultan road and west Tipu Sulthan road pass through the village. Another claim to fame is that the evergreen classic Malayalam Movie "Chemmeen" was shot here.
Politics.
Nattika assembly constituency is part of Trichur (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="6957759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957759" title="Janík">
Janík

Janík () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
The village is first mentioned in historical records in 1285.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 203 meters and covers an area of 19.868 km². It has a population of about 580 people.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6957767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957767" title="Makuzu Kōzan">
Makuzu Kōzan

Miyagawa Kōzan I (宮川香山) (1842–1916) was a Japanese ceramist. He was appointed artist to the Japanese Imperial household and was one of the major potters of the Meiji Era. From 1876 to 1913, Kōzan won prizes at 51 exhibitions, including the World's Fair and the National Industrial Exhibition. His name was originally Miyagawa Toranosuke. Outside Japan he is also known as Makuzu Kōzan. 
Early life.
Miyagawa came from a long line of potters based in Kyoto: his father Miyagawa Chōzō (宮川長造, 1797–1860), known as Makuzu Chōzō (真葛長造), had studied with Aoki Mokubei (青木木米, 1767–1833). After Aoki's death, he set up at Makuzugahara, in the Gion district of Kyoto. The title Makuzu was given by Yasui no Miya, a Shingon monk; the artistic name Kōzan by Kachō no Miya of Chion-in. Both the givers of the names were "monzeki" (prince-abbots) connected to the Imperial family. 
Miyagawa Toranosuke was the fourth son of the family. As Makuzu Kōzan, he took over the family business in 1860, at the age of 18. He had studied with a local "bunjinga" artist, the future Taigadō IV of the Ike no Taiga line, from age nine. Initially he made tea utensils, as his father had. By the late 1860s he had invitations to move elsewhere. One, from Komatsu Tatewaki, came to nothing; another, to work at the Igi family kiln near Bizen, was from Igi Tadazumi, as head of the family, and he accepted in 1867. It was at Mushiage, located in what is now Oku-chō, part of Setouchi. Kōzan worked there for two years, on blue-and-white wares.
Yokohama years.
Kōzan's period in Bizen had coincided with the political changes of the Meiji Restoration. In 1870 he set up a workshop in Yokohama, newly opened as a treaty port. He moved to the Kantō at the invitation of Umeda Hannosuke, a Tokyo merchant who was interested in exporting Satsuma ware. The deal involved Suzuki Yasubei, brother-in-law to Umeda, on the business side, and Suzuki helped finance the kiln. After a serious fire in 1876, Kōzan rebuilt out of his own pocket, freeing himself from the partnership. After a few years, Suzuki was bankrupted, and Kōzan then sold what he manufactured on his own account.
At this time Yokohama still resembled the fishing village it had been, and there was no ceramic or even craft tradition. Suzuki found for Kōzan a site (about 0.3 ha) in Nishiōta (present-day Kanoedai in the central ward of Yokohama). The kiln built there took the name Ōta. The Kantō was also poor in suitable clay, and initially Kōzan had to prospect widely for his materials. Bringing four apprentices from Kyoto, Kōzan by 1872 had overcome the initial problems, and expanded his workshop with a large recruitment of local men and women. This was the period at which modern Satsuma ware was distressed for export as antique, and Pollard considers that, up to 1876 at least, there was truth in the allegation of Frank Brinkley that the Makuzu workshop participated in the fraudulent trade. Johannes Justus Rein visited the business in the mid-1870s.
The Meiji Restoration had brought about a collapse of the old regulation and financing of kilns. Kōzan was at the forefront of the successor policy of industrial development, which included crafts, called "shokusan kōgyō". He exhibited at the Centennial Exposition of 1876, in Philadelphia, a wide range of ceramic wares, including high relief vessels presaging later work. In the aftermath, much attention was paid to Japanese ceramics for the next few years in Cincinnati, and the "Japonisme" reached the Rookwood Pottery Company. Kōzan also showed much development of lines quite independent of the Satsuma ware at First National Industrial Exposition of 1877 in Tokyo. This exposition was where the Emperor touched a Kōzan vase; a moment which made the artist famous. At the Paris Exposition Universelle of 1889, he won a gold medal for his "yohen" (transmutation) glazes. The 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago won an Honorary Gold Medal for the workshop for a pair of elaborate stoneware vases.
At the Exposition Universelle (1900) in Paris, Japanese ceramics in general did not fare well. Kōzan was the only "grand prix" winner, for a pair of large stoneware vases and basin. The technically demanding manufacture was supported by the Ministry of Agriculture and Commerce. His other exhibits showed innovative design, and an appreciation of Western taste. He continued to experiment for the rest of his life, particularly with glazes, despite some health and money problems.
At the Japan-British Exhibition of 1910, a vase by Kōzan was described as "a perfect piece both artistically and technically, very simple in line, and classic in shape, and quite artistic in the design of the matchless chrysanthemums, the pride of our country." In 1911, the Imperial family commissioned a vase as a gift for the King of the Belgians.
Style.
The most distinctive feature of Kozan's works in the early period was the unprecedented amount of three-dimensional sculptures applied to them. This three-dimensional decoration technique was called "Takaukibori" (高浮彫). This was an epoch-making technique that was able to create three-dimensional shapes at a low cost compared to Satsuma ware, which requires a high production cost to create three-dimensional shapes using gold. Birds such as raptors and Pigeons, mammals such as bears and cats, crustaceans such as crabs, plants such as cherry blossoms and grapes, and fictional creatures such as "oni" and anthropomorphic frogs were frequently used as motifs for sculptures. During the 1890s Kōzan developed a style of decoration that combined multiple underglaze colours on each item. The technical sophistication of his underglazes increased during this decade as he continued to experiment. In the decade from 1900 to 1910 there was a substantial change in the shape and decoration of his works, reflecting Western influences. And his vigorous pursuit of glaze research and perfection transformed his work into a flat, colorful, transparent design. His work strongly influenced Western perceptions of Japanese design. He sometimes used designs from the Qing dynasty, especially dragon motifs.
Legacy.
Kōzan's successor was his adopted son Miyagawa Hannosuke (Hanzan) (1859–1940), known as Makuzu Kōzan II. Hannosuke's father was Chōhei (長平), heir to the house, who had died shortly after his own father of Miyagawa Chōzō. The Makuzu business in Yokohama was destroyed by bombing in 1945. Makuzu Kōzan IV (Miyagawa Tomonosuke, 1884–1959) did continue the business, with difficulty, after World War II.
After Kōzan had left Kyoto, the Makuzu business there was continued by Zen-ō Jihei Kōsai (1846–1922), an employee of Chōzō. He took the name Miyagawa Kōsai, and maintained the traditional line of tea utensils. The family was still active at the end of the 20th century.
The largest collector of Kōzan's works is Tetsundo Tanabe, who owns hundreds of works. In 2016, the Suntory Museum of Art held the largest exhibition of works by Kōzan, almost exclusively for works owned by Tanabe. Hirosi Yamamoto, a collector living in Yokohama, runs the Makuzu ware Museum, displaying some of his collection and publishing some photo books of Makuzu ware.
More than eighty of Kōzan's works are today in the Khalili Collection of Japanese Art. Some were included in the 1999 "Splendours of Meiji: Treasures of Imperial Japan" exhibition in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="6957769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957769" title="Makuzu kozan">
Makuzu kozan



</doc>
<doc id="6957770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957770" title="Namboodithiri">
Namboodithiri



</doc>
<doc id="6957771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957771" title="Janik">
Janik

Janik or Janík may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6957772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957772" title="Michele Newman">
Michele Newman

Michele Newman (born 8 March 1956) is an English journalist and television producer, previously a television presenter.
Biography.
After studying at the University of York from 1977 to 1980, Newman worked at the "Liverpool Echo". Between 1981 and 1983, she lived in Italy and France to learn the languages, teaching English as a private tutor. During this time, she spent a year at the College International de Cannes in France. Her French language qualifications include the Alliance française (language and literature), the equivalent of an English A-Level.
On returning to Britain in 1983, Newman began a presenting career on the regional BBC news programme "Look East" in Norwich, and in 1989 moved to ITV's "Central News" in Birmingham. Between 1993 and 1998, she was also a presenter on the BBC motoring programme "Top Gear". She also presented ITV's motoring magazine "Pulling Power" and Carlton TV's live weekly political debate "It's Your Shout", broadcast from a variety of locations around the Carlton TV region, now known as ITV London.
Newman has also written a motoring column for "Women’s Journal" and contributed to the "London Evening Standard." She had her own TV production company, Newman Productions Ltd, which produced "House Race" for ITV in 2004. This was dissolved in 2010. After leaving TV she studied Mandarin Chinese at the School of African and Oriental Studies in London and later in Beijing. She is an active volunteer for Beanstalk (formerly known as Volunteer Reading Help) in Birmingham's primary schools. Also she is a photographer.

</doc>
<doc id="6957776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957776" title="Ted Clamp">
Ted Clamp

Edward Clamp (13 November 1922 – 2 June 1990) was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Derby County and Oldham Athletic in the Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="6957779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957779" title="Tristram speedy">
Tristram speedy



</doc>
<doc id="6957781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957781" title="Leander ISD">
Leander ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6957784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957784" title="Mokrance">
Mokrance

Mokrance () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records, the village was first mentioned in 1317.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 212 metres and covers an area of 23.411 km2. It has a population of about 1340 people.

</doc>
<doc id="6957789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957789" title="USC Athletics">
USC Athletics



</doc>
<doc id="6957805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957805" title="Tomas Netopil">
Tomas Netopil



</doc>
<doc id="6957811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957811" title="Bulgarian Super Cup">
Bulgarian Super Cup



</doc>
<doc id="6957814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957814" title="Mudrovce">
Mudrovce

Mudrovce (; ) is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1406.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 410 metres and covers an area of 5.889 km². The municipality has a population of only 84 people.

</doc>
<doc id="6957815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957815" title="Ludek Frybort">
Ludek Frybort



</doc>
<doc id="6957818" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957818" title="Ultra low power">
Ultra low power



</doc>
<doc id="6957821" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957821" title="2006 Progressive Enterprises Dispute">
2006 Progressive Enterprises Dispute



</doc>
<doc id="6957828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957828" title="Ruzena Jesenska">
Ruzena Jesenska



</doc>
<doc id="6957832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957832" title="Tim Wylton">
Tim Wylton

Tim Wylton (born Timothy Higginson; 27 February 1940) is a British actor best known for his television roles as Stanley Dawkins in "My Hero", and Lol Ferris in "As Time Goes By".
Career.
As a stage actor he appeared in Zeffirelli's noted 1961 Old Vic production of "Romeo and Juliet" and was a "mainstay" of the Royal Shakespeare Company between 1963 and 1977.
Wylton attended Strathallan School, Perthshire and RADA. He has been acting on British television since 1964, when he made an appearance on "The Comedy of Errors". Other early appearances include "The Liver Birds", "The Sweeney", "Maybury", "The Dustbinmen", "On Giant's Shoulders" and "Juliet Bravo". Wylton also had a role in the BBC's 1979 adaptation of "Henry V", playing the rather lovable Fluellen.
During the 1980s he acted on programmes such as "Bergerac", "To Serve Them All My Days", "Campion", "The Citadel" and "A Bit of a Do" (as Rodney Sillitoe). In 1983, he appeared in the film "Curse of the Pink Panther". During the 1990s, he had roles in "All Creatures Great and Small", "Agatha Christie's Poirot", "Lovejoy", "Rumpole of the Bailey", "A Touch of Frost", "The Darling Buds of May", "French &amp; Saunders", "Peak Practice", "Annie's Bar", "Cadfael", "C.A.T.S. Eyes" and "Wycliffe". In 1995, he appeared as Elizabeth Bennet's Uncle Gardiner in the adaptation of "Pride and Prejudice".
From 1996 to 2002 he appeared in "As Time Goes By" as Lol Ferris. From 2000, he has appeared in "My Hero" as Stanley Dawkins. Since 2000, he has appeared in "Absolutely Fabulous", "Coronation Street", "Casualty", "Heartbeat" and "The Royal".
He is the father of actor Huw Higginson.

</doc>
<doc id="6957841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957841" title="Midsummer Murders">
Midsummer Murders



</doc>
<doc id="6957842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957842" title="Peder, Košice-okolie District">
Peder, Košice-okolie District

Peder () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1275.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 182 metres and covers an area of 11.279 km². The municipality has a population of about 405 people.

</doc>
<doc id="6957849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957849" title="Simula Research Laboratory">
Simula Research Laboratory

Simula Research Laboratory (also known as Simula) is a Norwegian non-profit research organisation located in Oslo, Norway.
Simula was founded in 2001 by the Norwegian government to conduct fundamental, long-term research within information and communication technology (ICT). Simula's research is concentrated on five areas: communication systems, scientific computing, software engineering, cyber security, and machine learning.
In addition to conducting research at a high international level, Simula works to apply research in both industry and the public sector, and to educate students at the masters, graduate, and postdoctoral levels in collaboration with Norwegian and international partner universities. 
As of 2024, the organisation includes five subsidiaries, employing over 185 employees from more than 41 countries. 
Organization.
Ownership.
Simula Research Laboratory is registered as a limited company owned by the state and managed by the Norwegian Ministry of Education and Research. It is governed by a board of directors appointed by the owner. The board appoints a managing director (CEO), who, in turn, decides how Simula should operate daily. Professor Aslak Tveito led Simula from 2002 to 2022. Dr. Lillian Røstad began as managing director in 2023.
Simula companies.
Since the establishment of Simula Research Laboratory in 2001, several subsidiaries have been created to organise Simula's activities in research, education and innovation. The group currently comprises five companies, spread over three locations in Norway. These companies are
Funding.
Simula is funded from several different sources. About 35% of Simula's funding is allocated in the form of basic funding and long-term projects from the Norwegian government, in particular from the Ministries of Education and Research, Local Government and Modernisation, Transport, and Justice and Public Security. The remaining 65% of funding is secured from external sources, mainly research grants from the European Union and the Research Council of Norway.
Name.
Simula Research Laboratory is named after the programming language Simula, which was developed by the Norwegian scientists Kristen Nygaard and Ole-Johan Dahl. Both men received the A. M. Turing Award in 2001 and the IEEE John von Neumann Medal in 2002 for their contribution to the development of object-oriented programming.
Simula was named after the language to honour the outstanding scientific achievement of Nygaard and Dahl, and to encourage research that meets the highest standards of quality.
Activities.
Simula's main objective is to conduct basic and applied research and provide education in select areas of information and communications technology (ICT), thereby contributing to innovation in society.
Research.
Simula conducts long-term, fundamental research in the following five fields: Communication Systems, Cryptography, Scientific Computing, Software Engineering and Machine Learning. The research is focused on core challenges that combine technological development, with utility for industry and society overall.
Most of Simula's research on software engineering, scientific computing, and high-performance computing occurs at Simula Research Laboratory. Research on cybersecurity, cryptography, and information theory occurs at Simula UiB. Research on communication systems and machine learning occurs at SimulaMet.
Simula is host for the national infrastructure "Experimental Infrastructure for Exploration of Exascale Computing" (eX3), a national research infrastructure funded by the Research Council of Norway. The eX3 allows high-performance computing (HPC) researchers throughout Norway and their collaborators abroad to experiment hands-on with emerging HPC technologies: hardware and software.
Simula has hosted prior centres of excellence and innovation including the Centre for Biomedical Computing () and Certus (), and been a partner in the Center for Cardiological Innovation and SIRIUS HPC. Currently Simula is a partner in ProCardio (Precision Health Center for optimised cardiac care; SFI).
Innovation.
Simula's innovation and applied research activities are mainly organised through one wholly owned subsidiary, Simula Innovation, which manages Simula's investment portfolio, while R&amp;D consulting services to organisations is offered through the Department of Applied AI. As of 2024, Simula Innovation has a portfolio of 32 companies. 
Education.
Through the Simula Academy and in collaboration with national and international degree-awarding institutions, Simula supervises master students, PhD students, and postdoctoral fellows. Simula annually supervises about 30 master students and 10 PhD students to the completion of their degree.
Major international collaborations.
Simula and the University of California, San Diego (UCSD) collaborate on educating master- and PhD-students through the PhD program "SUURPh", and through the joint Summer School in Computational Physiology (SSCP).
Simula also collaborates with Technische Universität Berlin (TU Berlin) on several PhD programs.
Simula@BI is a collaboration between Simula and BI that focuses on applied and fundamental research in within statistics, machine learning and artificial intelligence, with focus on applications in the intersection between business and data science. Simula@BI educates Masters students, and is hosted by BI (Norwegian Business School).
Inria (French Institute for Research in Computer Science and Automation) and Simula have a long-standing collaboration with a wide scientific footprint. Currently, several departments at Simula are also connected with Inria through associated teams. Inria is France’s leading research institute within computer science and applied mathematics. With a headcount of around 3500 researchers and engineers, Inria is a European research institute with a strong track record of excellence in basic research and applied industrial research.
Simula is one of the founding partners of NORA (Norwegian Artificial Intelligence Research Consortium), which aims to strengthen Norwegian research, education and innovation within artificial intelligence, machine learning and robotics, as well as other relevant research that supports the development of artificial intelligence applications.
Continuing education offers.
In addition to research education, Simula offers training to research fellows and scientists, to prepare them for careers in academia or industry, and offers professional development training such as programming courses for teachers. 

</doc>
<doc id="6957854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957854" title="Ruskov">
Ruskov

Ruskov () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1303.
Geography.
The village lies at an elevation of 223 m and covers an area of 20.208 km². The municipality has a population of about 1,350 people.
Transport.
The village has a railway station on the line from Košice to Čierna nad Tisou.

</doc>
<doc id="6957863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957863" title="ESP EX Series">
ESP EX Series



</doc>
<doc id="6957867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957867" title="Valaliky">
Valaliky

Valaliky is a relatively new village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
Valaliky´s municipality was established in 1961.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 190 metres and covers an area of 8.625 km². The municipality has a population of about 4000 people.
Originally, the earliest documents mentioning this village of about 3 890 inhabitants are from 14th century.

</doc>
<doc id="6957869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957869" title="Fabian Pena">
Fabian Pena



</doc>
<doc id="6957870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957870" title="Fabio Deivison Lopes Maciel">
Fabio Deivison Lopes Maciel



</doc>
<doc id="6957873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957873" title="Sachin Pilot">
Sachin Pilot

Captain Sachin Rajesh Pilot (born 7 September 1977) is an Indian politician. A member of the Indian National Congress, he has been serving as Member of Rajasthan Legislative Assembly from Tonk since 2018. He has previously served as Minister of State (Independent Charge) of Corporate Affairs and Communication and IT in the Government of India under Manmohan Singh. Additionally he served as the Deputy Chief Minister of Rajasthan from 2018 to 2020 under Ashok Gehlot. Pilot became the youngest citizen of India to become Member of Parliament at the age of 26.
Pilot was born to late Congress leader Rajesh Pilot and Rama Pilot. He was previously a member of the Indian Parliament for Ajmer in 2009 and Dausa constituencies of Rajasthan, becoming the youngest member of parliament when he was elected from the latter seat in 2004, aged 26. He was unseated from the Lok Sabha during the 2014 election from Ajmer constituency. He served as the Minister of Corporate Affairs in the UPA-2 government tenure (2012–2014).
He studied at Air Force Bal Bharati School, New Delhi, and holds a B.A. from St. Stephens College, University of Delhi, a diploma in marketing from I.M.T. Ghaziabad and an MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, USA. He was employed with the Delhi Bureau of the British Broadcasting Corporation, and then with American multinational corporation General Motors for two years.
Early life.
Pilot was born to late Congress leader Rajesh Pilot and Rama Pilot. His father was a Union minister of India. His ancestral village is Vaidpura in Greater Noida (West), Uttar Pradesh.
Career.
In the 2004 Lok Sabha elections, Pilot was elected from the Dausa constituency. At the age of 26, he became the youngest MP in India.
In the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, he defeated the Bharatiya Janata Party's Kiran Maheshwari by a margin of 76,596 votes and won the seat of Ajmer.
Pilot was a member of the Lok Sabha's Standing Committee on Home Affairs and member of the Consultative Committee in the Ministry of Civil Aviation.
In 2012, he became the Minister of Corporate Affairs in the second Manmohan Singh ministry.
In the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, he was again nominated from the Ajmer constituency and was defeated by a margin of 1,71,983 votes by Bharatiya Janata Party's sitting MLA Sanwarlal Jat.
In 2014, he was appointed the President of the Rajasthan Pradesh Congress Committee.
Deputy Chief Minister of Rajasthan.
Early times.
In the 2018 Legislative Assembly elections, Pilot won from the Tonk seat, after defeating Yunus Khan by a margin of 54,179 votes. It was speculated that Pilot, who was considered instrumental in the Congress's victory in the state, would be given the post of chief minister. On 17 December 2018, he was sworn in as Deputy chief Minister of Rajasthan under Ashok Gehlot.
2020 political crisis.
On 13 July 2020, Pilot's office issued a statement saying that the government of chief minister Ashok Gehlot was in a minority. An aide of Pilot's indicated that he would not be joining the Bharatiya Janata Party.
On 14 July 2020, the Indian National Congress sacked Pilot as the Deputy Chief Minister and Rajasthan Congress President for his revolt against the party and its leadership.
After his revolt there was speculation that he would join the BJP, like his former colleague Jyotiraditya Scindia, but on 15 July 2020 he rejected the rumours and stated: "I am still a member of the Congress party".
The Rajasthan Speaker, C.P. Joshi, issued notices to 19 dissident Congress MLAs including Pilot on 14 July 2020 after the Rajasthan Congress passed a resolution that they be disqualified from the state Assembly as they had defied a party whip to attend two Congress Legislature Party meetings. Pilot challenged this notice in the Rajasthan High Court on 17 July 2020. The High Court asked the Speaker to defer action on disqualification notices till 21 July 2020. The High Court ordered "status quo" to be maintained, essentially putting the disqualification procedure on hold, on 24 July 2020.
Post 2020.
In 2023, before the 2024 Indian general elections Pilot was appointed the general secretary for the Chhattisgarh Congress.
Personal life.
Pilot married Sara Abdullah on 15 January 2004. She is the daughter of Farooq Abdullah, president of Jammu &amp; Kashmir National Conference and ex-Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir. Together they have two sons. Later Sachin Pilot and Sara Abdullah have separated after nearly two decades of marriage, according to his poll affidavit for Rajasthan Assembly Election 2023.
His father, Rajesh Pilot, was also member of parliament and was also union minister. The 2023 Rajasthan Legislative Assembly election nomination paper filed by Pilot revealed that he is divorced from his wife.
Army service.
On 6 September 2012, Pilot became the first Union minister of India to be commissioned as an officer in the Territorial Army, fulfilling his desire to follow his father's footsteps to be in the armed forces. He is known as Captain Pilot for being an officer in the Territorial Army. After being commissioned he said, "This has been my desire to join the army for very long as I wanted to have my links with the armed forces, like my father and grandfather. I am honored to be part of this family."

</doc>
<doc id="6957878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957878" title="Long march">
Long march



</doc>
<doc id="6957879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957879" title="Court injunction">
Court injunction



</doc>
<doc id="6957884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957884" title="River Bela">
River Bela

The River Bela is a short (approximately ) river in the county of Cumbria, England. It is in the ancient county of Westmorland.
The river is formed by the confluence of Peasey Beck and Stainton Beck at Overthwaite. It runs through Beetham where it powers the Heron Corn Mill, and then flows through the deer park of Dallam Tower before skirting around the south of the village of Milnthorpe and joining the River Kent estuary between Sandside and Milnthorpe.
At its mouth it was formerly crossed by the Bela Viaduct on the Hincaster Branch Line railway from Arnside to Hincaster, demolished after the line was closed to passengers in 1942 and the track lifted in 1966.
During World War II a prisoner of war camp was built beside the river near Whasset. After the war the camp became an open prison, and there is now a residential school on the site.
Hydro power.
The river has been used for power since at least 1096 when there was a watermill at or near the present Heron Corn Mill. It is now used both to power the corn mill and to generate electricity using a Kaplan turbine. 

</doc>
<doc id="6957889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957889" title="Siege of Kastania">
Siege of Kastania

The siege of Kastania was fought in July 1780 between the Maniots and the klephts under Konstantinos Kolokotronis and Panagiotaros Venetsakis and the Ottoman Empire under Ali Bey.
Prelude.
The Orlov Revolt of 1770 was a disaster for the Greeks that revolted against the Ottomans and the Maniots, who were the only free Greeks in mainland Greece. The Ottomans forced the Maniots to pay tribute annually and to have a bey who came from Mani. Even though the Maniots were bottled by the fierce Turko-Albanian soldiers who ravaged the Peloponnese they still managed to cause damage to the Ottomans with their pirate ships and with raids into Laconia. Amongst the most prominent were Konstantinos Kolokotronis and Panagiotaros Venetsakis.
From their towers in Kastania they attacked Ottoman lands and caused much damage. The pasha of the Peloponnese, Cezayirli Gazi Hasan Pasha, was preparing his invasion of Mani and decided that it was necessary to exterminate the Kastania menace. When his fleet arrived at Gytheio he sent 10,000 men under the command of his second in command, Ali Bey, to deal with them.
Siege.
The Maniots had heard that Ali Bey and Panagiotaros sent a man to his father-in-law Tzanetos Grigorakis to bring a relief force. But Tzanetos was busy preparing the rest of the Maniot army with his uncle Exarchos Grigorakis near their home town of Skoutari. They resigned to the fact that they would have to fight alone.
By the time the Ottomans reached Kastania from Gytheio the defenders were ready for the siege. The Maniots had gathered ammunition and food to last for around a dozen days. They tried to evacuate the children and women but their attempt were thwarted by the fact that they refused to go. The defence was mainly concentrated around Kolokotronis', Panagiotaros' and Panagiotaros' father's tower-houses. The elder Panagiotaros was over 80 years old at the time and had been a renowned klepht when he was younger.
Ali Bey sent a man to the defenders offering to call off the siege if Kolokotronis and Panagiotaros each gave him one of their children. The Maniots refused and the Ottomans began the siege. The Ottomans had trouble bombarding the tower-houses because they were well built and had been strengthened before the Ottomans arrived. They also had trouble because the Maniots were shielded from the artillery while the Ottomans were exposed to the Maniot fire.
The siege had dragged on for ten days and the situation was becoming grave for the defenders. During the night of the tenth day, Panagiotaros, his father and Kolokotronis met to discuss the situation. They only had ammunition to last for two days and after that ran out the defence was doomed. They came to the conclusion that on the twelfth night at midnight when the moon didn't shine they would sneak out and make for the forests around the town with a group of men covering the rear and the vanguard while the women and the children were in the middle. Panagiotaros' father however said that he would stay behind and with his wife and one attendant would place his remaining gunpowder on the top floor and wait until the tower was full of Turko-Albanians then he would detonate the gunpowder and kill as many enemies as possible.
On the twelfth night they broke out from the tower-houses and tried to make it to the forests. The Ottomans heard the movements and they attacked the fleeing Maniots. The men tried to hold off the Ottomans while the women and the children escaped. Kolokotronis fell fighting seven Ottomans with his sword and pistol in hand. His head was cut off and put on a spear. His wife with his young son Theodoros Kolokotronis, the future hero of the Greek War of Independence, escaped. Panagiotaros died while protecting his family from the Ottomans. Only 100 people made it to safety. The elder Venetsakis was betrayed by his attendant and had both his feet cut off along with one of his hands. The Ottomans then hung him from the mast of one of their ships.
Aftermath.
The victorious Ottomans then were routed by the combined Maniot forces under the command of Tzanetos and Exarchos Grigorakis. Exarchos was treacherously captured and hung. In retaliation the Maniots sacked the Ottoman castle of Passavas. Panagiotaros' children were captured and were given an Ottoman education and later on became officers in the Ottoman army. All of Kolokotronis' children except for Theodoros were captured but they were ransomed later on. Panagiotaros' and Kolokotronis' heads were sent to the sultan.

</doc>
<doc id="6957898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957898" title="ABC TV (Australia)">
ABC TV (Australia)



</doc>
<doc id="6957907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957907" title="Anatoly Demiyanenko">
Anatoly Demiyanenko



</doc>
<doc id="6957916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957916" title="Gennadi Litovchenko">
Gennadi Litovchenko



</doc>
<doc id="6957917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957917" title="ESP Original Series">
ESP Original Series



</doc>
<doc id="6957919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957919" title="Valeri Lobanovski">
Valeri Lobanovski



</doc>
<doc id="6957925" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957925" title="Earthworm jim">
Earthworm jim



</doc>
<doc id="6957930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957930" title="2010 renumbering of national highways in India">
2010 renumbering of national highways in India

On 28 April 2010, the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways officially notified the rationalized number system of the national highway network in the Gazette of the Government of India. It is a systematic numbering scheme based on the orientation and the geographic location of the highway. This was adopted to ensure more flexibility and consistency in the numbering of existing and new national highways. According to the system all north–south oriented highway will have even numbers increasing from the east to the west. Similarly all east–west oriented highways will be odd numbered increasing from the north to the south of the country.
The longest National Highway in new numbering scheme is National Highway 44.
The longest National Highway under the old numbering scheme was the NH 7 which was from Varanasi to Kanyakumari passing through Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu covering a distance of , as of Sep 2011 as per National Highways Authority of India. 
The shortest National Highway was the NH 47A (), which connected Kundanoor Junction of Maradu in Kochi city to the Kochi port at Willingdon Island. India has the distinction of having the world's highest drivable highway connecting Manali to Leh in Ladakh, Kashmir.
The table below shows the list of National Highways, "prior" to their renumbering in 2010–11 and their newly assigned numbers. For the list of "current" highway numbers see List of national highways in India.

</doc>
<doc id="6957931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957931" title="Pebble Mill studios">
Pebble Mill studios



</doc>
<doc id="6957934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957934" title="Bram">
Bram

Bram may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6957939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957939" title="District Attorneys Association of the State of New York">
District Attorneys Association of the State of New York

The District Attorneys Association of the State of New York, previously the New York State District Attorneys Association was created in 1909 as a professional organization for prosecuting attorneys (both district attorneys and assistant district attorneys) practicing in New York State.
The membership of the association is all of the elected district attorneys, as well as many assistant district attorneys, from the 62 New York State counties. In 2002, the association reported its total membership to be approximately 1,000.
History.
The association's founding was the idea of Beecher S. Clother, the district attorney in Glen Falls (Warren County), New York. At its first meeting in Albany, on September 2, 1909, the association elected William Travers Jerome, of New York County, as president, Clother as vice president, and Rollin B. Sanford, of Albany County, as secretary.
As of 1910 the association had approximately 30 members. Issues it addressed at its annual meetings in 1910 and 1911 included oral bookmaking (the taking of racetrack bets without writing), the need to curb reckless automobile driving, and the proper place of the insanity defense. The association evidently became inactive in the period from 1913 through 1921. It was revived in 1922 at the initiative of New York attorney general Charles D. Newton, who, acting on the suggestion of United States attorney general Harry M. Daugherty, called a meeting of the state's district attorneys that January, in order to discuss legal means to stop profiteering on food and fuel, as well as to foster better law enforcement, in the face of what was perceived as a crime wave afflicting the country.
Lobbying.
The association lobbies the New York Legislature on behalf of its members.
The association once resisted change to the Rockefeller drug laws, but came to favor the idea of alternative courts and treatment for addicts and substance abusers, including the Drug Treatment Alternative to Prison or program, first implemented by District Attorney Charles J. Hynes from Kings County, New York. All 62 district attorneys operate drug treatment courts. The association has at times requested that the legislature fund more prosecutors to staff these courts. As of 2009, the association disseminated information on its website about the existing network of drug courts, and how the courts seek justice for addicts through education, intervention and diversion programs, and treatment, in order to reduce recidivism and related criminal conduct.

</doc>
<doc id="6957940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957940" title="Georghios Pikis">
Georghios Pikis

Georghios Pikis (born 22 January 1939 in Larnaca) is a Cypriot judge and a former member of the International Criminal Court. He was President of the Supreme Court of Cyprus from 1995 to 2004, and he has also served as an "ad hoc" judge of the European Court of Human Rights and as a member of the United Nations Committee against Torture.
He was elected to the International Criminal Court in 2003 for a six-year term, and he was assigned to the Appeals Division.

</doc>
<doc id="6957943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957943" title="NH 4">
NH 4



</doc>
<doc id="6957946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957946" title="Telamonia dimidiata">
Telamonia dimidiata

The two-striped jumper, or Telamonia dimidiata, is a jumping spider found in various Asian tropical rain forests, in foliage in wooded environments.
Description.
Females can reach a body length of , males can reach a length of . The female is light yellowish, with a very white cephalus and red rings surrounding the narrow black rings around the eyes. Two longitudinal bright red stripes are present on the opisthosoma. The male is very dark, with white markings, and red hairs around the eyes. They appear in Singapore, Indonesia, Pakistan, Iran, India, and Bhutan. "T. dimidiata" produces no toxin significant to humans.
Email hoax.
Since 1999, the spider has been the subject of an email hoax claiming that it was a fatal spider found lurking under toilet seats in North Florida. This hoax was a rehashing of an older email circulated in 1999 with similar claims, except under the name "South American Blush Spider (arachnius gluteus)" - literally "butt spider". Similar email hoaxes (with details of the original changed) occurred in other parts of the world, alleging the same falsity in the recipients' countries. Lately it has also appeared on Facebook, also including a picture of the arachnid. Posts commonly report of it being found world-round, suggesting everyone must take precautions. No such events appear to have occurred, and the story is considered an urban legend. The false rumor has since spread to websites such as Twitter, Facebook and Tumblr in 2012. Now the same hoax is circulating on WhatsApp (2018).
The hoax has also been seen on Facebook in 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="6957948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957948" title="NH 8">
NH 8



</doc>
<doc id="6957949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957949" title="Ahmad I">
Ahmad I



</doc>
<doc id="6957955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957955" title="NH NEI">
NH NEI



</doc>
<doc id="6957958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957958" title="David Currie (broadcaster)">
David Currie (broadcaster)

David Currie (born 1967) is a Scottish television presenter and journalist who currently presents "Sportscene" on BBC Scotland, alongside Jonathan Sutherland. He also appears on the sport section of BBC Reporting Scotland. Currie's earliest job was as Jim Traynor's sidekick on "Your Call" on BBC Radio Scotland.
He began presenting "Sportscene" in August 2005 and presented "Sportscene Results" until that programme's demise at the start of 2025.
A former journalist with "The Sunday Post", with an Honours degree in politics and philosophy, he moved on to become a television reporter at Border Television and joined BBC Scotland in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="6957965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957965" title="CADR (computing system)">
CADR (computing system)



</doc>
<doc id="6957968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957968" title="David H. Kelley">
David H. Kelley

David Humiston Kelley (April 1, 1924 in Albany, New York – May 19, 2011) was an American archaeologist and epigrapher. He was associated with the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, and later with the University of Calgary. He is most noted for his work on the phonetic analysis and major contributions toward the decipherment of the writing system used by the Maya civilization of pre-Columbian Mesoamerica, the Maya script.
Work and interests.
David Kelley was a descendant of Amos Humiston, a Union Army soldier who was killed at the Battle of Gettysburg in 1863.
He graduated from Harvard University with a PhD in 1957. From the late 1950s, he was one of the first Mayanist scholars to give credence to the theories of the Russian linguist and ethnographer Yuri Knorozov concerning the phonetic and syllabic nature of the Maya script, which would later lead to breakthroughs in the script's decipherment. Kelley's landmark 1962 paper, "Phoneticism in the Maya Script", would provide important corroborating data of the phonetic interpretation of Maya glyphs, which ran counter to the then-prevailing view that the script lacked phonetic elements.
In addition to his work on scripts and linguistics, he worked on calendrics and archaeoastronomy, particularly on application of archaeoastronomical data to the Maya calendar correlation problem. Kelley and Eugene Milone co-authored "Exploring Ancient Skies: An Encyclopedic Survey of Archaeoastronomy" (Springer, 2005).
He was also interested in long-range cultural contacts, including trans-Pacific and trans-Atlantic voyages ("Diffusionism").
He also published frequently on mediaeval and ancient genealogies, publishing papers on the Carolingians, the Jewish Exilarchs and the Nibelungs. He was elected a Fellow of the American Society of Genealogists in 1970.
Kelley was a professor emeritus in the Department of Archaeology at the University of Calgary. Before teaching at the University of Calgary, he taught during the 1960s at the University of Nebraska, and before that at Texas Tech. Studying under Alfred M. Tozzer, his doctoral dissertation (1957) at Harvard was entitled "Our Elder Brother Coyote".
He met his wife Jane while they were both students at Harvard, where she also earned a doctorate; hers in Southwestern archaeology. She was also a professor in the department of archaeology in Calgary.
Published works.
Academic papers and books published by Kelley include:

</doc>
<doc id="6957971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957971" title="Fabio Felicio">
Fabio Felicio



</doc>
<doc id="6957978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957978" title="Košický Klečenov">
Košický Klečenov

Košický Klečenov (; ) is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1427.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 324 metres and covers an area of 13.4 km². The municipality has a population of about 270 people.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6957981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957981" title="Athirapilly Water Falls">
Athirapilly Water Falls



</doc>
<doc id="6957984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957984" title="Kosicky Klecenov">
Kosicky Klecenov



</doc>
<doc id="6957987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957987" title="Punnathur Kotta Elephant Sanctuary">
Punnathur Kotta Elephant Sanctuary



</doc>
<doc id="6957991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957991" title="Ahmad II">
Ahmad II

Ahmed II is a dynastic name. Among others it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6957996" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957996" title="Chavakad Beach">
Chavakad Beach



</doc>
<doc id="6957997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6957997" title="Rankovce, Slovakia">
Rankovce, Slovakia

Rankovce () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1332.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 364 metres and covers an area of 14.842 km². The municipality has a population of about 600 people.

</doc>
<doc id="6958009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958009" title="Svinica">
Svinica

Svinica may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6958012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958012" title="Ahmad III">
Ahmad III



</doc>
<doc id="6958016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958016" title="Alfredo De Quesada">
Alfredo De Quesada

Alfredo de Quesada is a Puerto Rican film, television and theatre actor.
Born in San Juan, Puerto Rico to Cuban immigrants who resettled in Puerto Rico, De Quesada was raised in San Juan where he attended Colegio San Ignacio de Loyola and went on to graduate with double major in General Management and Theatre Arts from the Carroll School of Management of Boston College (Chestnut Hill, MA). During college he was part of the second oldest collegiate improv comedy troupe in the United States, My Mother's Fleabag, and upon graduation moved to New York City. There he worked regularly with the premiere Hispanic theater company Repertorio Español, and was cast in the internationally acclaimed Argentinean aerial experimental theatre troupe De La Guarda.
Most of his national recognition came when competing in the Telemundo produced reality show "Protagonistas de Novela 2", which showcased him as a superior actor in contrast to the rest of the contestants.
He has had guest starring roles in many TV series including "Strangers with Candy", "Upright Citizens Brigade", "One Life to Live", "", "Law &amp; Order", "The Knick", and "Orange Is the New Black".
He played the part of Israel Pardo in the film "Che" by Steven Soderbergh.

</doc>
<doc id="6958023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958023" title="Sir Charles Haddon Cave">
Sir Charles Haddon Cave



</doc>
<doc id="6958024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958024" title="Federico Insua">
Federico Insua



</doc>
<doc id="6958029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958029" title="Slanec">
Slanec

Slanec (; ; ) is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1230 ("Castrum" "Salis") as an important fortress. In 1270 King Stephen V of Hungary gave the castle to Master Reinhold. The new lords of Slanec supported King Přemysl Otakar II against King Ladislav in the conquest of the Bohemian throne. King Ladislav conquered Slanec in 1281. In 1299 the castle passed to the Szalanczyi noble family and, successively, to landowners by the surnames of Lossonczy and Forgách. In 1649, it was besieged by the rebel condottiere György Rákoczi.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 345 metres and covers an area of 20.459 km². The municipality has a population of about 1310 people.
Transportation.
The village has a railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="6958039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958039" title="ESP Deluxe Series">
ESP Deluxe Series



</doc>
<doc id="6958042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958042" title="Ta Khmau municipality">
Ta Khmau municipality

Ta Khmau ( ; ) is the capital and largest city of Kandal province in central Cambodia.
The city is about 11 km (7 mi) south of Phnom Penh (directly borders Phnom Penh).
Approximately 60% of the people of Ta Khmau travel to work in Phnom Penh.
Administrative divisions.
Ta Khmau is divided into 10 communes.
Education.
Below are list of some institutions in Ta Khmau.

</doc>
<doc id="6958045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958045" title="Peasey Beck">
Peasey Beck

Peasey Beck is a beck flowing through Cumbria, England. It rises on Lambrigg Fell where it is known as the Sparishaw Beck, flows through Killington Reservoir and converges with Stainton Beck to form the River Bela at Milnthorpe. Prior to 1913, it was known as the River Beela throughout its length.
Course.
The source of the beck is on Lambrigg Fell, close to the contour () between Kendal and Sedbergh, where it is known as the Sparishaw Beck. It heads towards the south, and is crossed by the A684 road, the M6 motorway and Fairthorns Road to reach Killington Reservoir.
Two dams impound the water of Killington Reservoir, and the main outflow for Peasey Beck runs through the longer of the two. The beck is crossed by Reservoir Road, a minor road that follows the southern shore of the reservoir, and then by another unnamed road at Low Bendrigg. Near Crooks Plantation, it turns to the east before sweeping round in a large loop to head westwards. It is joined by Gillsmere Sike on its left bank, which flows northwards, passing close to a small lake called Tarneybank Tarn, the outflow from which supplements that of Gillsmere Sike.
Peasey Beck is crossed by another minor road as it approaches the hamlet of Little Brunthwaite, after which it is crossed by the M6 motorway. The next crossing is the B6254 at Bridge End, and there are waterfalls as it passes to the south of Old Hutton. A minor road from Old Hutton crosses at Beckside, and then Popplemire Lane is carried over the waterway by Blaystone Bridge. Shortly afterwards, the beck turns to the south. Gatebeck Bridge carries Gatebeck Lane over the river at Gatebeck, and there is a weir to the south of the bridge.
Beyond the bridge on the eastern bank of the river are the remains of Low Gatebeck gunpowder works. Although the northern part of the site has been demolished and levelled, much of the southern part of the site remains, and is one of the better preserved gunpowder works dating from the 19th and early 20th centuries in northern England. Many of the buildings still stand, as well as parts of the water management system. The weir by Gatebeck Bridge provided water power for some of the production processes, and fed waterwheels and turbines.
The beck passes to the east of Endmoor, where there is another weir, and is crossed by a minor road carried by Challon Hall Bridge, near to Challon Hall. At Kaker Mill or Preston Patrick, there is another weir, and the beck turns to the south-west. The beck falls over a weir where the feeder for the Lancaster Canal diverges, before it passes through a sluice, and runs parallel to the river for most of the way to the canal. Peasey Bridge carries the A65 road over the river, and immediately beyond it, Peasey Beck passes under the Lancaster Canal through an aqueduct. The aqueduct dates from around 1818, and consists of two shallow arches, built at an angle to the line of the canal, with curved retaining walls at either side. It is about wide, and is a grade II listed structure. The canal feeder continues a little further south around the back of Crooklands coach garage, before passing under the A65 road and through the grounds of Mill Outstation, a depot for National Highways, to enter the canal.
Beyond the canal there are weirs associated with a water mill at Millness and another at Milton. The mill at Millness was a corn mill, and was fed by a long lade which began at a weir at Crooklands. At Milton, the mill is attached to the rear of the former miller's house, built in the early 18th century, with an extension constructed in 1863 for Jacob Wakefield, whose initials appear on the end gable. The water wheel and internal machinery remain in situ. The beck passes under the A590 road and Wath Sutton Bridge at Wath Sutton. It is joined by Farleton Beck on its left bank, and the combined flow join that of Stainton Beck to the east of Ackenthwaite and Milnthorpe, to become the River Bela, which flows into the estuary of the River Kent.
Killington Reservoir.
Killington Reservoir or Killington Lake was built to supply water to the Lancaster Canal. The proprietors for the Lancaster Canal were empowered by an Act of Parliament obtained in 1807 to deviate from their original route, and to extract water from Farleton Beck, Stainton Beck and Crooklands Beck (later called Peasey Beck), rather than the River Mint. They bought of land in 1810, in order to build the reservoir, but over-stretched themselves, and construction had to wait until they had raised more money. William Crossley was the Canal company's engineer from 10 May 1817, while James Briggs was the superintendent. Crossley oversaw the construction of the reservoir. The contract was initially awarded to Millington, Bainbridge &amp; Kelly, but there was a problem with their tender, and William Seed carried out the work. Two dams were required to impound the water, both of which had clay cores. The larger one () crossed the valley of the Peasey Beck, and was long and high. The second dam further to the west () was long and just high. The reservoir was eventually completed in 1819. It now covers an area of , as its banks have been raised twice. A wave wall was built along the top of the dams in the late 1970s, to prevent erosion of the face of the dam in high winds. When full the reservoir holds 3,236 Ml of water, and supplies around 22.7 Ml per day to the Lancaster Canal.
Land for the reservoir consisted of parts of the parishes of New Hutton, to the west, Old Hutton and Holmescales to the south-west, and Killington to the south-east. Landowners who had grazing rights on the land were compensated for their loss, and the rights of turbary were also lost, as the main peat workings for the villages were flooded. The New Hutton, Old Hutton, Killington, Mansergh and Lupton Enclosure Award Act was obtained in 1841, allowing further common land to be divided into fields which were given to those with grazing rights. The canal company obtained an additional at this time, and the original three parishes received payment. Old Hutton received £321 9s 3d (£321.46) as part of the deal, which they used to set up a Mole Fund, and to employ Thomas Woodhouse, a mole catcher resident in Preston Patrick, from December 1853.
Landowners in the three parishes maintained that although they had sold the land, that did not include the fishing rights, and appointed a bailiff to enforce this in 1840. However, the canal company claimed they owned the fishing rights in 1880, and a long-running dispute followed, which was finally settled in November 1912, when the High Court ruled that the canal company did not inherit the fishing rights. The rights are managed by the Killington Reservoir Fishery Charity, which has three trustees, one appointed by each of the parishes. They have been rented by the Kent Angling Association for many years, and the £750 income is split between the Old Hutton Mole Fund, the New Hutton Institute and Killington Village Hall. Residents of the parishes can obtain fishing licences at reduced fees. By 1976, Old Hutton's income from the fishing rights was no longer adequate to employ a full-time mole catcher, and the trust deed governing the Mole Fund was amended, with funds now being used for the benefit of residents in Old Hutton and Homescales.
The M6 motorway passes immediately to the west of the reservoir, and Killington Lake Services, which is only accessible to southbound drivers, is situated on the bank. When it was being planned, the Ministry of Transport were keen that service areas in Cumbria should be notable for their scenery, and the views over the reservoir were the main factor for the services only catering for southbound travellers. They were built in 1972, soon after the motorway opened, and were officially opened on 17 May 1972. The buildings were sited as far away from the motorway as possible, but were quite small, initially having parking for 64 cars and 13 heavy goods vehicles. The building was replaced in 1985, using a standard design, but with larger windows to take advantage of the views across the reservoir. The service area gained a hotel in 1994 and a tourist information centre in 1997. Planning permission to expand the amenity building was granted in 2019.
The reservoir contains populations of both game fish and coarse fish, and fishing rights are rented by the Kent (Westmorland) Angling Association. For game fishing, the association stocks the reservoir with brown trout between March and June each year, and the game fishing season runs from 15 March until 30 September. Coarse fishing is available all year round, and the reservoir contains roach, pike, perch and bream. Season tickets and day tickets are available for those who are not members of the association, and fishing is only allowed from the banks of the reservoir, with no fishing from boats.
Water sports also take place on the reservoir. The Killington Sailing Association has a clubhouse and floating jetty on the east side of the lake, next to the main dam, and has facilities for dinghy sailing, canoeing, paddle-boarding and wind-surfing. They are affiliated to the Royal Yachting Association and offer training to members, youth groups and people with disadvantages.
Below the dam, the water is not carried to the canal in an aqueduct; the reservoir merely controls the flow in the beck. A small dam about downstream near Crooklands diverts water into the canal.
Hydro-electric power.
Since 2017, the outflow from the reservoir has been used to generate hydro-electric power. Killington was chosen as a potential site for a community hydro-electric project because of its size, as it impounds some 3.2 billion litres of water, rainfall data for over 30 years was available, and there was already an outflow pipe running through the dam below the surface level of the reservoir. The scheme was initiated by Cumbria Action for Sustainability, who funded the feasibility studies, with engineering design carried out by Ellergreen Hydro of nearby Burneside. A lease for 40 years was negotiated with the Canal and River Trust, and planning permission was obtained in September 2013, to which there were no objections, in part due to the level of community involvement.
Divers installed a fish pass to prevent bottom feeding fish from entering the outflow pipe during 2014, and in 2015 a community benefit society called Community Energy Cumbria was formed. Around 100 people subscribed to the share issue launched in July 2015, most from the local community. Construction of the scheme began in 2016, with 86 per cent of the materials and labour being procured locally. The total cost of the project was £240,000, including the design work. A crossflow turbine was installed into the existing drawdown pipe, designed to produce 30 kW from a flow of 300 litres per second.
The scheme was switched on in January 2017, and formally opened by Tim Farron MP. During its first year of operation it generated income of £33,500. Of this, £21,500 was available to fund interest payments and repayment of capital to the shareholders, as well as for community benefits, which are expected to be around £50,000 over the first 20 years.
Mills.
Despite its relatively small size, the waters of Peasey Beck have powered at least eight watermills. Furthest upstream was Hutton mill (), just above Bridge End Bridge. A mill race left the river on its left bank and fed a mill much closer to the bridge. In the late 1600s, it was a corn mill and some of the first machinery for cleaning grain to be used in the region was described by Thomas Machell, the rector of Kirkby Thore, who collected a huge amount of data about Cumbria until his death in 1698. At that time, the mill was used for grinding the barrels of guns as well as grinding, threshing and winnowing corn. It had become a bobbin mill and woollen worsted mill by the mid-19th century, and was processing Italian flax in 1885. At Beckside Bridge (), a weir and mill race was constructed for a corn mill which was by the bridge.
At Gatebeck, there was a network of weirs and channels which supplied water to industrial buildings to the north of the Gatebeck Bridge. Four weirs are marked on old maps, and the buildings are also served by the Gatebeck Tramway. Below Gatebeck Bridge there is another weir and a long mill race to the east of the main channel within the powder works. Gatebeck Mill produced gunpowder. Production of gunpowder for use in mines and quarries began in 1852 and around 20 tons were manufactured each week. It was shipped to northern England and Wales, and was also exported to West Africa and India. The site occupied around , with the area now occupied by Gatebeck Caravan Park and Millbrook Caravan Park being used first. Mills were built on both sides of Peasey Beck, which were linked together by internal tramways. Peasey Beck provided the power, but later on, steam engines were used. The finished product was packed into barrels, which were manufactured by Gatebeck Cooperage, and was transported to Milnthorpe railway station by closed horsedrawn carts. From 1874, a tramway was used to move the gunpowder to the station. It ran alongside Peasey Beck to the A65 road, but motive power was still provided by horses, which were shod with brass shoes to prevent the risk of sparks. The site closed in 1937, the last such facility in the area to do so, and the caravan parks opened in the early 1970s.
Kaker Mill () is known to have been in existence since 1184, and during the 14th century was worked by monks who owned Challon Hall. It was a corn mill, and closed during the Second World War. The wheel was fed from a weir at Challon Hall, which ran along the eastern edge of the road, and passed under the road near the mill. The mill race was supplemented by water from Birks Beck. At Park End Mill, just below Kaker Mill, marble was cut and polished. Crooklands Mill () started as a corn mill. The wheel was driven by a long leat which left the beck around upstream, and provided a fall of . From 1805 it was used to mill flax and to produce ropes. This continued for 50 years, and it was then used to produce bobbins for the Lancashire cotton industry, until its closure in the 1930s. The mill race ran along the right bank of the river, and the weir was just downstream of the point at which the Lancaster Canal feeder left the river. Both Millness Mill () and Milton Mill () were corn mills, and were fed by long leats. The weir for Millness Mill was next to Peasey Bridge, which now carries the A65 road. The mill race for Milton Mill started at the point where the tail race of Millness Mill discharged water back into the river. Milton Mill was a lowder mill, where the high breast-shot water wheel is located inside the building. An annular ring was attached to the side of the wheel, which meshed with a wallower, fixed to a vertical shaft. On the floor above the wheel, a great spur wheel was attached to the vertical shaft, and a triangular lowder frame carried three smaller cogs or stone nuts, which drove the three pairs of stones resting on the frame. A fourth pair of stones was added around 1900, giving the lowder frame a bulge on one side. When the mill was listed in 1962, the mill wheel and all of the machinery were still in situ, and this was still the case in 1978.
Water quality.
The Environment Agency measure water quality of the river systems in England. Each is given an overall ecological status, which may be one of five levels: high, good, moderate, poor and bad. There are several components that are used to determine this, including biological status, which looks at the quantity and varieties of invertebrates, angiosperms and fish. Chemical status, which compares the concentrations of various chemicals against known safe concentrations, is rated good or fail.
The water quality of the Peasey Beck was as follows in 2019. The data only includes a short section above Killington Reservoir.
Like many waterways in the UK, the chemical status changed from good to fail in 2019, due to the presence of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDE) and mercury compounds, neither of which had previously been included in the assessment.

</doc>
<doc id="6958046" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958046" title="Battle of Bruderholz">
Battle of Bruderholz

The Battle of Bruderholz took place on 22 March 1499 in the Swabian War between Swabian troops and forces of the Old Swiss Confederacy. The Swabians had raided several Swiss villages and were on their way back when they met troops from Lucerne, Solothurn, and Bern, who also came back from a raid in the Alsace. Anticipating the likely route of the Swabian troops, the Swiss soldiers concealed themselves in the woods at "Bruderholz" hill, near Basel. When the three times more numerous Swabians passed the woods, the Swiss attacked. The Swabian infantry quickly broke and fled the battlefield. The cavalry fought a delaying action allowing the infantry to escape before retreating also. Some of the fleeing soldiers ran approximately to the Rhine river before swimming across to continue their retreat. Others fled to Basel but were refused entry. The Confederation lost only a single soldier while the Swabians lost about 80 men. The leader of the Confederacy's troops was from the House of Bubenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="6958048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958048" title="Col Chhewang Rinchen">
Col Chhewang Rinchen



</doc>
<doc id="6958049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958049" title="Editorial independence">
Editorial independence

Editorial independence refers to the freedom of journalists and media organizations to make content decisions—such as what to report, how to report it, and when to report it—without external influence from owners, governments, advertisers, or other outside forces. This principle ensures that news reporting is guided by journalistic ethics and the public interest, rather than by political or commercial agendas.
Discussion.
Editorial independence has been at the center of debates when labeling outlets as state media. Journalists and public broadcasters with editorial independence object to labeling that focuses on whether or not they get funding from a government as misleading audiences to believe that it impacts their coverage. Before Elon Musk, Twitter did not label media like The BBC as 'state-affiliated' because of that independence explaining that the independence is what readers really wanted to know. Elon Musk's move to change that in 2023 drew backlash from critics arguing it represented a false equivalence between outlets tightly-controlled by the state and those free to criticize their own government. YouTube also faced similar criticisms in 2018 and 2019 for its label attempts that focused on funding instead of editorial independence. The transition away from editorial independence also led to protests in Hungary in 2024.

</doc>
<doc id="6958051" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958051" title="Severn Valley Limited">
Severn Valley Limited



</doc>
<doc id="6958056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958056" title="MMNA">
MMNA



</doc>
<doc id="6958063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958063" title="Severn Valley Venturer">
Severn Valley Venturer



</doc>
<doc id="6958068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958068" title="Egg butter">
Egg butter

Egg butter (, , ) is a mixture of butter and chopped hard boiled eggs. It is a well known spread in Finnish cuisine and Estonian cuisine. 
In Finland, egg butter is typically spread over hot Karelian pasties. In Estonia, egg butter and "leib" (dark rye bread) are traditionally included in the Easter Sunday meal.

</doc>
<doc id="6958069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958069" title="Shuddhadvaita">
Shuddhadvaita

Shuddadvaita (Sanskrit: "pure non-dualism") is the "purely non-dual" philosophy propounded by the Hindu philosopher Vallabha (1479-1531 CE), the founder of ("The path of grace"), a Vaishnava tradition focused on the worship of the deity Krishna. Vallabhacharya's pure form (nondualist) philosophy is different from Advaita.
The Shrinathji temple at Nathdwara, and compositions of eight poets (), including Surdas, are central to the worship by the followers of the sect.
Location.
The tradition is founded by Vishnu swamy in Southern India. He is known as the early founder of the Rudra sampradaya, one of the four main traditions of Vaishnavaites.
Vallabhacharya founded the Krishna-centered Pushti-Marga sect of Vaishnavism in the Braj(Vraj) region of India.
In modern times followers of Shuddadvaita are concentrated in the states of Rajasthan and Gujarat.
Central Topics.
In the ancient Vedic tradition of knowledge and comprehension of reality, the central theme would be experiencing the Supreme Entity or Brahman. Vedas primarily contain references to the "advaita" nature of Brahman. However, depending on how a scholar perceives those verses, they might see duality— "dvaita" aspect as well. This ambiguity has led to several philosophical traditions in the Indian history, such as:
Vallabhacharya.
Vallabhacharya was a devotional philosopher, who founded the Pushti sect in India. He won the title of acharya by traveling and debating advaita scholars from a young age.
In 1493-94 Vallabhacharya is said to have identified an image of Krishna at the Govardhan hill at Braj. This image, now called Shrinathji and located at Nathdwara, Rajasthan, is central to the worship by Vallabha followers.
Initiating mantra.
According to Vallabha tradition, one night in 1494, Vallabhacharya received the "Brahmasambandha mantra" (the mantra that binds one with Brahman, or Krishna) from Krishna himself (hence the name, ) at Gokula. The eight-syllable mantra, "" (Lord Krishna is my refuge), is passed onto new initiates in Vallabh sampradaya. It is believed that the divine name has the power to cleanse the recipient of all impurities of the soul ().
Philosophy.
Metaphysics.
The school of in-essence monism or purified non-dualism of Vallabha sees equality in "essence" of the individual self with God. There is no real difference between the two (like the analogy of sparks to fire). However, unlike Shankara's Advaita, Vallabha does not deny God as the whole and the individual as the part. The individual soul is not the Supreme (Satcitananda) clouded by the force of avidya, but is itself Brahman, with one attribute (ananda) rendered imperceptible. The soul is both a doer and enjoyer. It is atomic in size, but pervades the whole body through its essence of intelligence (like sandalwood makes its presence felt through its scent even if sandalwood can't be seen).
Unlike Advaita, the world of Maya is not regarded as unreal, since Maya is nothing else than a power of Ishvara. Ishvara is not only the creator of the universe but is the universe itself. Vallabha cites the Chandogya Upanishad sections 6.1 - 6.4, that Brahman desired to become many, and he became the multitude of individual souls and the world. Although Brahman is not known, He is known when He manifests Himself through the world .
As is customary in Vaishnavism, bhakti is the means of salvation, though Jnana is also useful. Karmas (understood as daily and occasional ritual acts) precede knowledge of the Supreme, and are present even when this knowledge is gained. The liberated perform all karmas. The highest goal is not Mukti or liberation, but rather eternal service of Krishna and participation along with His activities in His Divine abode of Vrindavana. Vallabha distinguishes the transcendent consciousness of Brahman as Purushottama. Vallabha lays a great stress on a life of unqualified love and devotion towards God. Devotees are to serve God without any personal motives.
In all the philosophical traditions, it is common practice to describe how the Supreme Entity Brahman is related to us and our surroundings. In Suddhadavaita, otherwise known as Brahmvaad, the One, secondless Ultimate Reality is the only category. Every other thing has proceeded from it at the time of creation, is non-different from it during creation and merges into it at the time of dissolution. The two other well known categories namely the animate souls and the inanimate objects are respectively its parts and modifications. The animate souls are its parts because they retain to some extent the essential qualities thereof namely consciousness and joy. The inanimate objects are its modification because the above said qualities are absent therein.
"Moksha" (liberation).
Followers of Vallabhacharya maintain that if one wants to obtain moksha and the bliss given by Krishna, the only path to do so is bhakti. In the Kali Yuga, it is believed that the forms of bhakti mentioned in the scriptures are nearly impossible to practice, so the followers of Vallabhacharya recommend "pushti bhakti" – which is the end itself and not means to an end, giving moksha, joy and oneness with Shree Krishna. It illustrates oneness with Shree Krishna can be achieved merely by having true belief and love for Shree Krsna and recitation of the Brahmasambandha mantra.
Vallabhacharya established that liberation is only possible due to God's grace.
Everything is Krishna's Leela.
According to the version of Vaishnava Theology Vallabhacharya espoused; the glorious Krishna in His "Satcitananda" form is the Absolute, Svayam Bhagavan. He is permanently playing out His sport (leela) from His seat in the Goloka which is even beyond the divine Vaikuntha, the abode of Vishnu and Satya-loka, the abode of Brahma the Creator, and Kailas, the abode of Shiva. Creation is His sport.
Atma-nivedana.
It is that bhakti which gives itself up body, heart and soul to the cause of God. It is considered to be the fullest expression of what is known as Atma-nivedana (= giving-up of oneself) among the nine forms of bhakti (Navadha Bhakti). It is the bhakti of the devotee who worships God not for any reward or presents but for His own sake. Such a devotee goes to Goloka after leaving this body and lives in eternal bliss enjoying the sports of the Lord. The classical example of this complete self-effacement is that of the cow-herdesses towards Krishna. They spoke no word except prayer and they moved no step except towards Krishna. Their supreme-most meditation was on the lotus-feet of Krishna.Thus it is by God's grace alone that one can obtain release from bondage and attain Krishna's heaven, Goloka.
Ashta-chhaap.
In V.S. 1602, Vallabhacharya's son Vitthalnath, also known as Gusainji, established the eight-fold system of singing the name and glory of Shrinathji (Kirtana) and entrusted this responsibility to eight poet-disciples of Vallabhacharya and his own, called the ashta-chhaap after the eight divine services to Shrinathji from morning until going to sleep. Foremost among them was Surdas, the blind poet of Agra.
These are Surdas, Krishna Das, Paramanand Das, Kumbhan Das, Chaturbhuj Das, Nand Das, Chhitswami, and Govind Das. The first four poets and singers were Vallabhacharya's disciples, while the other four were Gusainji's.
Shuddhadwait Martand.
Shuddhadwait is defined more thoroughly in verse 27-28 from Shuddhadwait Martand:
शुद्धाद्वैतापदे ज्ञेय: समास: कर्मधारय: I
अद्वैतं शुद्धयो: प्राहुः षष्ठी तत्पुरुषमं बुधा: II
मायासंबंधरहितमं शुद्धमित्युच्यते बुधै: I
कार्यकरणरूपमं हि शुद्धं ब्रह्म न मायिकम़् II 
The Shuddhadvaita philosophy has also been explained by various scholars of the sect, such as Devarshi Ramanath Shastri, who has enunciated the tenets of this philosophy in his books ‘Shuddhadvait Siddhantasaar’ (Hindi and Gujarati) and Shuddhadvaita Darshan.

</doc>
<doc id="6958071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958071" title="John Batchelor (politician)">
John Batchelor (politician)

John Batchelor (10 April 1820 – 29 May 1883) was a prominent Welsh Victorian businessman and politician, who earned the epithet "Friend of Freedom".
Life and career.
Although born in Newport, Monmouthshire, Batchelor became a prominent Cardiff figure, having moved there in his early twenties. He set up business as a timber merchant and, later, slate merchant and also played a key role in establishing the Mount Stuart Dry Dock.
He was an active Liberal politician and served as a Liberal Councillor and, later, Mayor of Cardiff, in addition to being Chairman of the Cardiff School Board. He also campaigned against slavery.
Conflict with the Butes.
However, John Batchelor's political activity brought him into conflict with the Bute family (John Crichton-Stuart, 3rd Marquess of Bute), who had significant land-holdings in Cardiff, including Cardiff Castle, and had built much of the docks.
The Butes supported the Tory party and many believed that their conspiring led to the collapse of Batchelor's shipbuilding business.
Death and legacy.
John Batchelor died in 1883 and was buried at Cathays Cemetery, alongside his son Tom Eustace, who had died in infancy. 
Statue.
A subscription fund was established to erect a statue in his memory. This was followed by a petition of 12,000 signatures, started by his opponents, campaigning against the statue. The statue, created by the sculptor James Milo Griffith, was finally unveiled on 16 October 1886 and stands in The Hayes, Cardiff. Its plinth is inscribed “JOHN BATCHELOR B.1820 D.1883 THE FRIEND of FREEDOM”.
A Conservative solicitor, T. H. Ensor, wrote a scathing piece in the "Western Mail", suggesting the words "Friend of Freedom" be replaced with "traitor to the Crown... hater of the clergy... sincerely mourned by unpaid creditors". He was sued unsuccessfully for libel. The case set a legal precedent in British law that the dead could not be libelled.

</doc>
<doc id="6958075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958075" title="Brendon Grylls">
Brendon Grylls

Brendon John Grylls (born 5 June 1973) is an Australian politician who was a National Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 2001 to 2017. Grylls became leader of the National Party in Western Australia from 2005 to 2013, and again from 2016, however he lost his seat at the state election in 2017.
Grylls was born in Perth, but was raised in Corrigin, a small town in Western Australia's Wheatbelt region. A farmer and small business owner, he was elected to the Corrigin Shire Council in 2000, but resigned the following year to contest the 2001 state election, winning the seat of Merredin. Grylls was elected state leader of the National Party in 2005, replacing Max Trenorden. At the 2008 state election, his seat was abolished in a redistribution, and he transferred to the new seat of Central Wheatbelt. The Nationals won the overall balance of power, and Grylls subsequently chose to support Colin Barnett as premier, allowing the Liberal Party to form a minority government. Grylls was appointed Minister for Regional Development and Minister for Lands in the Barnett ministry.
At the 2013 state election, Grylls transferred from ultra-safe Central Wheatbelt to the traditionally Labor-held seat of Pilbara; the move by Grylls would later prove to be the turning point in his bid to hold a seat in the Western Australia MLA and was prompted by a political strategy to test the National's appeal to the regions. He was the first National to win the seat, which has historically been a safe seat for the Labor Party. Grylls resigned both from the ministry and as leader of the National Party in November 2013, citing a desire to focus on his personal life. He returned as party leader in August 2016, replacing Terry Redman, and was re-appointed to the ministry. He was defeated by the |Labor candidate Kevin Michel when re-contesting Pilbara at the 2017 state election.
Biography.
Early life.
Brendon Grylls was born on 5 June 1973 in Perth, Western Australia. He was educated at Corrigin District High School and Wesley College, Perth.
Career.
His political career began in November 2001 when he contested and won a by-election caused by the retirement of the member for Merredin, former Nationals leader Hendy Cowan. Following a redistribution in 2008, Merredin was largely incorporated into the new seat of Central Wheatbelt.
Grylls served as the Shadow Minister for Environment and the Wheatbelt in the Liberal-National Coalition prior to the 2005 election. In June 2005 he successfully challenged then leader Max Trenorden to become the new leader of the WA Nationals. Two years later, he tore up the Coalition agreement and announced the Nationals would contest the next state election as a separate party.
After the 2008 state election, Grylls found himself in a position of power. The Labor Party government lost its majority, resulting in a hung parliament. Neither Premier Alan Carpenter nor Liberal opposition leader Colin Barnett could form a government without the support of the Nationals, leaving Grylls in a position where he could effectively choose the next premier. The WA Nationals do not necessarily follow the lead of their federal counterparts, so there was a possibility that Grylls would support Labor.
Ultimately, Grylls opted to throw his support to the Liberals. In return for his support, Grylls and two other Nationals, Terry Redman and Terry Waldron, accepted posts in Barnett's cabinet. Unlike past Liberal-National Coalitions in Western Australia, however, the National ministers had only limited cabinet collective responsibility, and reserved the right to break with the Liberals on matters affecting their electorates. Additionally, in another departure from past Coalitions, Grylls declined to become Deputy Premier, a post that instead went to Liberal deputy leader Kim Hames, another departure from past Coalitions.
He vacated Central Wheatbelt at the 2013 state election, and contested the traditionally Labor-held seat of Pilbara against Labor's Kelly Howlett, who had replaced the retiring sitting member Tom Stephens. Grylls easily won with seat with 61.5% of the two-party-preferred vote.
On 17 November 2013, Grylls announced he would be resigning as leader of the WA Nationals and returning to the backbench. He retook the leadership in August 2016, and subsequently introduced a plan to tax BHP and Rio Tinto $5 for every tonne of iron ore mined (as opposed to $0.25 currently). a poll conducted found that 39.4% of voters surveyed supported the policy, 37.1% opposed and 23.5% undecided.
Grylls was defeated in Pilbara by the Labor candidate, Kevin Michel, and was subsequently replaced as leader of the National Party by Mia Davies, who had earlier succeeded him in Central Wheatbelt.
Political views.
After becoming party leader, Grylls pushed for an independent National Party and refused to enter into a coalition with either of the major parties before the 2008 state election.
During vote counting on election night, when it was apparent that the party was likely to hold a balance of power, possibly in both houses, Grylls reiterated his stance of requiring that the government deliver 25 per cent of mining and petroleum royalties for reinvestment in regional projects, as outlined in the Royalties for Regions policy. He also said that he would have no problem forming a coalition with the Labor Party if it promised to deliver under the policy.
After the Liberal–National Coalition came to power, he implemented the Royalties for Regions scheme, which sees the equivalent of 25 per cent of the state's mining and petroleum royalty revenue (capped at $1 billion per annum) invested into Western Australia's regional infrastructure, services and projects.

</doc>
<doc id="6958076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958076" title="Llucmayor">
Llucmayor



</doc>
<doc id="6958079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958079" title="Home carbonation systems (HCS)">
Home carbonation systems (HCS)



</doc>
<doc id="6958083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958083" title="Timok Vlachs">
Timok Vlachs



</doc>
<doc id="6958086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958086" title="Fabian Cancelarich">
Fabian Cancelarich



</doc>
<doc id="6958090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958090" title="Zaman (Cypriot newspaper)">
Zaman (Cypriot newspaper)



</doc>
<doc id="6958098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958098" title="Jazz Gillum">
Jazz Gillum

William McKinley "Jazz" Gillum (September 11, 1902 or 1904 – March 29, 1966) was an American Chicago blues harmonica player and singer.
Biography.
Gillum was born in Indianola, Mississippi. He ran away from home at age seven and for the next few years lived in Charleston, Mississippi, working and playing for tips on street corners. He moved to Chicago in 1923, where he met the guitarist Big Bill Broonzy. The duo started working at nightclubs around the city. By 1934 Gillum was recording for ARC Records and Bluebird Records.
Gillum's recordings, under his own name and as a sideman, were included on many of the highly popular "Bluebird beat" recordings produced by Lester Melrose in the 1930s and 1940s. In 1940, he recorded "Key to the Highway" (featuring Broonzy on guitar), utilizing the now-standard melody and eight-bar blues arrangement. The song had first been recorded a few months earlier by Charlie Segar, with a different melody and a 12-bar blues arrangement. Gillum's styling of the song was copied by Broonzy a few months later, and his version became the standard arrangement of this now-classic blues track.
Gillum's records were some of the earliest featuring blues with electric guitar accompaniment, when the 16-year-old jazz guitarist George Barnes played on several songs on Gillum's 1938 session that produced "Reefer Headed Woman" and others.
He joined the United States Army in 1942 and served until 1945.
Gillum recorded an early version of "Look on Yonder Wall" (1946) with Big Maceo on piano, which was later popularized by Elmore James.
After the Bluebird label folded in the late 1940s, he made few recordings. His last recordings were on a couple of 1961 albums with Memphis Slim and the singer and guitarist Arbee Stidham, for Folkways Records.
On March 29, 1966, Gillum was shot in the head during a street argument and was pronounced dead on arrival at Garfield Park Hospital, in Chicago. He is buried at Restvale Cemetery, in Alsip, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="6958100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958100" title="St. James's Gate F.C.">
St. James's Gate F.C.



</doc>
<doc id="6958105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958105" title="Limpopo Belt">
Limpopo Belt

The Limpopo Belt is located in South Africa and Zimbabwe, runs E-NE, and joins the Kaapvaal craton to the south with the Zimbabwe Craton to the north. The belt is of high-grade metamorphic rocks that have undergone a long cycle of metamorphism and deformation that ended 2.0 billion years ago, after the stabilisation of the adjacent massifs. The belt comprises 3 components: the Central Zone, the North Marginal Zone and the South Marginal Zone.
Ca. 3.2-2.9 Ga Limpopo Central Zone.
The 250 km wide Limpopo belt of southern Africa is an east-northeast trending zone of granulite facies tectonites separating the granitoid-greenstone terranes of the Kaapvaal and Zimbabwe cratons. Large scale ductile shear zones are an integral part of Limpopo belt architecture. They define the boundaries between the belt and the adjacent cratons and separate internal zones within the belt. The shear zones forming the external (northern, southern and western) margins of the belt are interpreted as uplift structures of the overthickened crust.
The crustal evolution of the Limpopo Central Zone can be summarized into three main periods: 3.2-2.9 Ga, ~2.6 Ga, and ~2.0 Ga. The two first periods are mainly characterized by magmatic activity leading to the formation of Archaean Tonalite-Trondhjemite-Granodiorite (TTG) such as the Sand River Gneisses or the Bulai Granite intrusion. The Early Proterozoic event took place under high-grade metamorphic conditions during which partial melting formed large amount of granitic melt.
The Limpopo Central Zone shows relics of late Archean high grade metamorphism. In the Northern (NMZ) and Southern Marginal Zones (SMZ) that adjoin the Zimbabwe and Kaapvaal cratons, respectively, the last high grade metamorphic episodes were late Archean. The relics in the Central Zone are characterised by an anticlockwise p-T-evolution, at ca. 2.55 Ga. In the NMZ repeated crustal remelting and intrusion of charnoenderbitic magmas continued to 2.58 Ga, producing counterclockwise p-T paths. In contrast the SMZ consists of medium to high pressure granulites, which underwent a clockwise p-T-evolution at ca. 2.69 Ga, followed by decompression and isobaric cooling. In the Northern Kaapvaal craton (Renosterkoppies Greenstone Belt, Pietersburg area) tectonism took place under amphibolite facies conditions at ca. 2.75 Ga and can therefore not be related to any events in the Limpopo belt. Thus the different tectonic units have different late Archean tectonometamorphic histories. Trace element geochemistry as well as Pb + Nd isotope characteristics of the SMZ are similar to those of the Kaapvaal craton, with low Th and U concentrations around 2 and 0.7 ppm. Low U concentrations in the SMZ are not a consequence of high grade metamorphism. The NMZ, with high Th, U concentrations (10.8 and 2.5 ppm) and radiogenic Pb, resembles the adjoining Zimbabwe craton more. The differences in late Archean tectonic styles between NMZ and SMZ+KC is a possible consequence of the differences in Th and U content of these provinces.
"The Mahalapye granite in the extreme western part of the Central Zone is a post-tectonic intrusion that crystallized at 2.023 Ga. This suggests that mineral ages of ca 2.0 Ga from the eastern part of the Central Zone date metamorphism during reworking of Archaean age shear zones rather than a collision between the Kaapvaal and Zimbabwe cratons as has been earlier suggested.

</doc>
<doc id="6958114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958114" title="Sida district">
Sida district

Sida (, ) is a district ("amphoe") in the northeastern part of Nakhon Ratchasima province, northeastern Thailand.
History.
The area of Sida was separated from Bua Yai district and made a minor district on 1 July 1997. On 15 May 2007, all 81 minor districts were upgraded to full districts. On 24 August the upgrade became official.
Geography.
Neighbouring districts are (from the north clockwise): Bua Lai, Prathai, Non Daeng, and Bua Yai.
Administration.
The district is divided into five subdistricts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 50 villages ("mubans"). Sida is also the only township ("thesaban tambon") and covers parts of "tambons" Sida, Phon Thong, and Sam Mueang.

</doc>
<doc id="6958115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958115" title="Stainton Beck">
Stainton Beck

Stainton Beck is a watercourse in Cumbria, England. Its upper reaches are known as St. Sunday's Beck.
Course.
The source of the stream is close to the contour on the western flank of Lambrigg Fell, near the source of Killington Beck, which is on the opposite side of the summit. It is known as St. Sunday's Beck, and flows southwards, passing through an area of woodland called Hutton Park Plantation before turning to the east. Hutton Park is on the right bank, before it turns southwards again. It is crossed by the A684 road at Latterhowe Bridge and then by a minor road. Crakehall Gill and Millrigg Gill combine before joining St Sunday's Beck on the left bank, and the stream flows to the east of the small village of New Hutton.
As it approaches the hamlet of Millholme, it once powered Millholme Mill, and is crossed by Ewbank Lane at Millholme Bridge. The houses are to the south of the bridge. It turns to the west and is crossed by the B6254 road at St Sunday's Bridge, where it turns to the south-west. The grade II* listed Blease Hall is located on the right bank. It dates from the early 1600s and was built for Robert Bateman. Beehive Beck flows southwards from Fisher Tarn Reservoir, and joins on the left bank, as St Sunday's Beck turns to the south. It briefly turns to the west at the hamlet of Halfpenny, where there is a ford. A weir and sluices channelled water to a mill, and the A65 road crosses both the tail leat and the main channel at Mill Bridge. The road to Stainton runs along the right bank, but loops away from it at Mill Cottage and Mill House.
As it approaches Stainton, its name changes to Stainton Beck. A single span packhorse bridge crosses the beck. It dates from the 17th century and is built of coursed limestone rubble with rough limestone coping blocks. Between the parapets, it is wide. A minor road crosses the beck just before it reaches Stainton Aqueduct, constructed by the engineer John Fletcher in 1818 for the opening of the northern section of the Lancaster Canal. The single arch is made of limestone, and has curved retaining walls. The structure was badly damaged by storms in December 2015, when flood water washed away its apron, causing the canal towpath above to collapse, as well as damaging the southern portal and the wing walls. Restoration cost £2.2 million, of which £1.5 million came from the Heritage Lottery Fund. Other grants came from the Rural Payments Agency, South Lakeland District Council, Cumbria County Council and Kendal Town Council. The three-year repair project was delayed by high river levels during the winters of 2018 and 2019. New concrete wing walls were built, and the stonework was repaired using as much of the original stone as possible, with some new stone where this was not possible.
Just below the aqueduct, the beck is crossed by a minor road, carried by a bridge constructed in the 17th century or possibly the early 18th century. It has a single segmental arch and long sloping parapets. Tom Beck joins on the left bank, the A590 road crosses, and Catch Water joins on the right bank. At the hamlet of Deepthwaite, a two-arched bridge crosses the beck. Its core probably dates from the 17th century, but it was rebuilt and widened in the early 1890s. The B6385 road crosses at Rowell Bridge, and on its upstream side, there was a tramway bridge, where the Gatebeck Tramway crossed on its way from Gatebeck gunpowder works on the Peasey Beck to Milnthorpe railway station. The tramway was horse-drawn, and closed in 1936. Ackenthwaite and Milnthorpe the Peasey Beck joins Stainton Beck on its left bank, with the combined flows becoming the River Bela.
Beehive Beck.
Beehive Beck, the main tributary of Stainton Beck, rises just below the contour on Hay Fell. Within a short distance, it enters Fisher Tarn Reservoir, which was built under powers contained in the Kendal Corporation Act 1894. George E Deacon was the engineer for the works, which were completed in 1896. The dam is around high, and there is a central overflow section, consisting of three semi-circular sluice openings with mock medieval turrets on either side. A small machinery house is located at the foot of the overflow channel, which has a date stone showing October 1896. The reservoir is still owned by United Utilities, but is no longer used for domestic water supply.
Beehive Beck continues from the foot of the dam, and passes under the old Kendal to Sedbergh road. It descends quite quickly, and is then crossed by the new route between the two towns, the A684 road. A minor road runs along the east bank of the stream, past Holme Park. The road crosses the beck twice before arriving at Beehive Bridge, on the B6254 road. Strickley Bridge is just a little further to the east, where Strickley Beck passes under the same road, before joining Beehive Beck on its left bank. By the time it joins Stainton Beck on its right bank, it has descended to below the contour.
Mills.
Stainton Beck has provided power to a number of mills in the past. A corn mill at Millholme was first recorded in 1310, and it was powered by a water wheel until the First World War, when a turbine was fitted to supplement the wheel. The present mill house was first occupied by the Tarn family, and carries a stone showing "J.J.T. 1734". The mill machinery was destroyed by a fire in 1927, and although the wheel and turbine were not damaged, the cost of rebuilding was beyond the means of the owner, Mr Parkin. It was converted into a house in the 1970s. The mill race was on the left bank of the beck, and the corn mill was just above Millhouse Bridge.
At Halfpenny, a hamlet that is part of the parish of Stainton, a weir channelled water into a race on the left bank, which fed Yarn Mill. In 1849, Taylor and Company were spinning flax and tow there, as well as producing sacking. A little further south, a dam across the beck created a mill pond on the right bank, from which a race fed Millbridge Mill. The tail race passed under the road, to the west of Mill Bridge, and joined the main channel further downstream. At Stainton Mill, the mill pond was part of the main channel, next to the road. The mill race continued beside the road, while the beck fell over a weir, and looped away to the west around the mill site. The tail race of the mill and the river rejoined downstream of the mill. In 1849, the mill was operated by Greenwoods, who were carding wool, which was then used to produce stockings and blankets. Below Stainton Bridge End Bridge, a long mill race ran across fields to the south west, to reach Viver Mill. The tail race was known as Catch Water, and rejoined the river just above Deepthwaite Bridge. Viver Mill was first recorded in the 13th century as a corn mill, and remained a corn mill until 1950. Although now converted to a house, the water wheel has been retained, as have some of the cruck beams and other features.
Gill Mill, on Beehive Beck, was recorded in the 13th century. It was a corn mill, but was later used as a marble mill and then a sawmill. It continued in use into the 1920s.
Water quality.
The Environment Agency measure water quality of the river systems in England. Each is given an overall ecological status, which may be one of five levels: high, good, moderate, poor and bad. There are several components that are used to determine this, including biological status, which looks at the quantity and varieties of invertebrates, angiosperms and fish. Chemical status, which compares the concentrations of various chemicals against known safe concentrations, is rated good or fail.
The water quality of the Stainton Beck system was as follows in 2019. The data covers St Sunday's Beck and Stainton Beck, as well as Beehive Beck from its source to its confluence with Stainton Beck. 
Like many waterways in the UK, the chemical status changed from good to fail in 2019, due to the presence of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDE) and mercury compounds, neither of which had previously been included in the assessment.

</doc>
<doc id="6958121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958121" title="St James Gate F.C.">
St James Gate F.C.



</doc>
<doc id="6958123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958123" title="Fabio Simplicio">
Fabio Simplicio



</doc>
<doc id="6958124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958124" title="Fahrudin Omerovic">
Fahrudin Omerovic



</doc>
<doc id="6958126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958126" title="St. James Gate F.C.">
St. James Gate F.C.



</doc>
<doc id="6958127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958127" title="Foc'sle">
Foc'sle



</doc>
<doc id="6958128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958128" title="Kinder Suprise">
Kinder Suprise



</doc>
<doc id="6958139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958139" title="The Washington Squares">
The Washington Squares



</doc>
<doc id="6958144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958144" title="Fabio Junior Pereira">
Fabio Junior Pereira



</doc>
<doc id="6958147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958147" title="Cabrerizos">
Cabrerizos

Cabrerizos is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located only from the city of Salamanca and has a population of 4205 people. The municipality covers an area of 12 km2, lying above sea level and the postal code is 37193.

</doc>
<doc id="6958148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958148" title="Razor's Blade">
Razor's Blade



</doc>
<doc id="6958161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958161" title="Cantagallo, Spain">
Cantagallo, Spain

Cantagallo is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located from the city of Salamanca and as of 2016 has a population of 263 people. The municipality covers an area of , and lies above sea level. The postal code is 37792.

</doc>
<doc id="6958162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958162" title="Ocular hypertelorism">
Ocular hypertelorism



</doc>
<doc id="6958163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958163" title="Venus Equilateral">
Venus Equilateral

The Venus Equilateral series is a set of 13 science fiction short stories by American writer George O. Smith, concerning the Venus Equilateral Relay Station, an interplanetary communications hub located at the Lagrangian point of the Sun-Venus system. Most of the stories were first published in "Astounding Science Fiction" between 1942 and 1945.
Venus Equilateral Relay Station.
The setting for most of the stories in the series is Venus Equilateral, a space station three miles long and one mile in diameter that serves as a communications relay between Venus, Earth, and Mars whenever interference from the Sun prevents line-of-sight communication between them. Venus Equilateral was formed out of a nickel-iron asteroid that was moved into Venus' point. At the time the stories take place, the asteroid has been completely reworked, resulting in a burnished steel cylinder with a large docking port at one end and a bank of communications dishes at the other.
Venus Equilateral spins on its axis to provide its roughly 3000 inhabitants with centrifugal pseudo-gravity. On the outermost level, with just over one Earth gravity, are living quarters for the station's crew. The next level in consists of offices, recreation centers, stores, churches, the cafeteria, and Joe's: the station's only bar. The innermost level, surrounding the station's zero-gravity axis, houses automatic machinery, the hydroponic farms, storerooms, the servogyroscopes and their beam finders, and the air plant (which consists of genetically engineered Martian sawgrass that efficiently renews the station's air supply via photosynthesis).
The Venus Equilateral Relay Station is owned and operated by Venus Equilateral, Inc., a closed corporation. Venus Equilateral, Inc. is licensed by the Interplanetary Communications Commission to maintain interplanetary communications. Under the terms of the license, Venus Equilateral must relay at least one message every twenty-four hours. Venus Equilateral, Inc. also owns and operates an interplanetary spaceship called the "Relay Girl" that is based at the station.
Characters and plot.
Most of the stories feature Dr. Donald A. Channing, Director of Communications at Venus Equilateral; Walter Franks, Beam Control Engineer; and Arden Westland, Channing's secretary turned fiancée turned wife. Other regular characters include heads of development Charles and Freddie Thomas, Master Mechanic Michael Warren, Martian archeologists Barney Carroll and James Baler, Baler's sister Christine, Terran Electric Company lawyer Mark Kingman, Terran Electric physicist Wesley Farrell, and neurosurgeon-turned-evil-genius Allison "Hellion" Murdoch. A frequent background character is Joe, operator of the "best Bar in Twenty-Seven Million Miles, Minimum!", upon whose tablecloths the engineers do much of their brainstorming.
The typical plot of a Venus Equilateral story consists of the station's engineers inventing new devices that allow them to solve the story problem.
Technology and cosmology.
Since the stories were written before the invention of solid state electronic components, all the electronic technology in this 21st century setting is based on vacuum tubes. At the series' opening there is one major addition to mid-20th century technology called the "driver tube". This is a specialized vacuum tube which (through mechanisms not explained) very efficiently converts the matter of its anode to massive amounts of thrust upon excitation by a low-power source. Powered by batteries, the driver tube enables the multi-G constant-boost spaceships seen throughout the series.
At the series opening both Mars and Venus have been colonized. Both are described as having shirt-sleeve environments in at least some regions.
Stories.
Eleven of the thirteen Venus Equilateral stories were published in "Astounding Science Fiction" between 1942 and 1945. They were:
Smith wrote a 12th story, "Mad Holiday", for the first book collection "Venus Equilateral" (1947) (which omitted "Lost Art" and "Identity"), and a 13th story, "The External Triangle", for Harry Harrison's 1973 anthology "Astounding". All 13 stories were included in the 1976 Ballantine collection "The Complete Venus Equilateral" and the 1980 reprint published by its SF imprint Del Rey Books. Previously they had all appeared in the British 1975 Orbit Books publication in two parts "Venus Equilateral: Volume One" and "Venus Equilateral: Volume Two".
Plot summaries.
QRM—Interplanetary.
The staff of Venus Equilateral must cope with an incompetent manager named Francis Burbank who is appointed Director of the station by the Interplanetary Communications Commission. Disaster looms when Burbank disposes of the air plant, thinking that the Martian sawgrass is simply a collection of weeds that sprouted up in an empty compartment. Channing is able to avert disaster, and Burbank is recalled in disgrace and replaced by Channing. The "QRM" in the title is a Q code meaning "Are you being interfered with?"
Calling the "Empress".
Channing is contracted by Interplanetary Transport to find a way of communicating with a spaceship that must be diverted from Venus to avoid being caught in a quarantine. Channing is able to use an electron gun to activate the ship's meteor detector and uses it to send the necessary message in Morse Code.
Recoil.
Neurosurgeon-turned-space-pirate Allison "Hellion" Murdoch attacks Venus Equilateral. Channing is able to use a super-electron-gun to short out the attacking ships' electrical systems.
Lost Art.
Martian archeologists Carroll and Baler discover an ancient Martian electronic device. After getting the device running and experimenting with it, the two are able to deduce that the device is a relay unit for a wireless power transmission system. The Martian relay becomes the basis for power transmission networks throughout the Solar System.
Off the Beam.
Channing is on board the "Ariadne" when a meteor strike leaves it crippled and off course. He is able to turn the ship into a signalling device, and Franks on Venus Equilateral, anticipating him, is able to work out a means of receiving his signal and tracking down the ship.
The Long Way.
While negotiating with Terran Electric's hardnosed chief lawyer Mark Kingman for a licence on Carroll and Baler's Martian power transmitter, which they had sold to TE, Channing works out a way to use the transmitter to harness solar energy. Channing cuts a deal with Kingman allowing Terran Electric to operate the solar power tube on planetary surfaces while Venus Equilateral operates it in space. It turns out, though, that an atmosphere blocks the tube's reception, so it can't operate on the surface of any inhabited world.
Beam Pirate.
When the engineering staff of Terran Electric use a Martian power transmitter to create a faster-than-light communicator, Kingman uses it to manipulate Venus Equilateral's stock price in an effort to gain a controlling interest in the company. When Venus Equilateral independently reproduces the FTL communicator, Channing discovers Kingman's plot, and manipulates him back.
Firing Line.
After escaping from prison, Hellion Murdoch teams up with Kingman. Kingman will use Terran Electric's research lab to create energy weapons, and Murdoch will mount the weapons in his ship, the "Black Widow", and blackmail interplanetary commerce. When news of Murdoch's escape reaches Venus Equilateral, Channing realizes the station will be his first target. The station's staff design a set of missiles that will home in on the "Black Widow", and they succeed in destroying it. Kingman is able to hide his association with Murdoch.
Special Delivery.
Wes Farrell, now employed at Venus Equilateral, uses the Martian power transmitter to construct a matter transmitter. Kingman sues on behalf of Terran Electric, arguing that the matter transmitter is essentially a power transmitter, and thus falls within Terran Electric's licence. Channing successfully argues that the device is not a transmitter by using it as a matter duplicator, to create multiple copies of the judge's antique watch.
Pandora's Millions.
Now that it is possible to duplicate money and precious metals, an economy based on scarcity collapses. The people of the Solar System must fall back on barter, and those too poor to buy matter duplicators are left to their own devices. It is not until the staff of Venus Equilateral invents a material that cannot be duplicated that a monetary system can be re-established.
Mad Holiday.
Use of the matter duplicator allows the staff of Venus Equilateral to invent a method of instantaneous communication. Since line-of-sight is no longer necessary for communication, Venus Equilateral itself is obsolete, and the staff prepare to abandon the relay station. Meanwhile, Kingman sneaks aboard the station, rigs a power transmitter to lower the station's temperature to absolute zero, and kidnaps Walt Franks and Christine Baler, leaving them to freeze to death. Not knowing of the new instantaneous communication, Kingman assumes that the station has stopped relaying messages because of his sabotage, and he sues to gain VE's communications franchise for Terran Electric. Following a Christmas party set against the backdrop of the station's falling temperature, the Channings and Farrell rescue Franks and Baler, and the entire staff of VE departs, leaving Kingman to try to maintain the frigid station alone.
The External Triangle.
Twenty-seven years after "Mad Holiday", the Channing and Franks families live on a thoroughly terraformed Pluto, and the Channings' daughter Diane is married to the Franks' son Jeffrey. Don Channing, Walt Franks and Jeffrey Franks get together to try to come up with a teleportation device that will allow original objects, and not just their duplicates, to be transmitted across interplanetary space. They succeed in teleporting mice from Pluto to Triton, but the mice only live for five minutes. The plot thickens when Diane Channing Franks' newborn twins need urgent treatment for a blood disorder, and only the teleport can get them that treatment. Don Channing finally realizes that the teleport system was inverting the mice, and that their inverted hemoglobin was unable to carry oxygen, leading to their deaths. By teleporting an object twice, the inversion is cancelled out, so the twins are saved by teleporting them to a hospital on Earth via a relay on Triton.
Epilogue: Identity.
350 years after the invention of the matter duplicator, the technology has been improved to the point where human beings can be duplicated, and it is common medical practice for surgeons to test their surgical procedures on duplicates of their patients before operating on the originals. As a result, the greatest insult that can be offered to a person is to claim that they are a duplicate rather than the original (the slang expression is "dupe"). This is the reason identical twins such as Calvin and Benjamin Blair tend to hate each other's guts, as Cal and Benj do.
Cal Blair hates space travel, and he's not very keen on surgery either, which is why his relationship with Tinker Elliot, a spacefaring surgeon, has never blossomed into marriage. When the long-lost electronic key to Hellion Murdoch's hidden treasure finds its way into Blair's hands, though, he winds up deeply involved in both. Cal, a cryptographer, uses his skills to decipher the key, build a device that will allow him to use it to find Murdoch's treasure, and travels to Venus to locate it. His nasty brother Benj kidnaps Elliot and follows him, intent on gaining the treasure for himself. Elliot suffers a serious spinal injury when Benj's aircraft crashes in the Venusian swamps, and Cal must defeat his twin in a duel using three-foot soldering irons before he can help her. With Benj disposed of, Cal learns that Murdoch's treasure is actually a database of Murdoch's illegal medical experiments. Overcoming his deep aversion to surgery, Cal uses Murdoch's treasure to repair Elliot's spinal injury and save her life.

</doc>
<doc id="6958167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958167" title="Clubfeet">
Clubfeet



</doc>
<doc id="6958171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958171" title="Athuman S.M. Janguo">
Athuman S.M. Janguo



</doc>
<doc id="6958173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958173" title="Breathing difficulties">
Breathing difficulties



</doc>
<doc id="6958174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958174" title="Fundamental physical constant">
Fundamental physical constant

Fundamental physical constant may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6958176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958176" title="Amani W.A. Kabourou">
Amani W.A. Kabourou



</doc>
<doc id="6958178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958178" title="Felix Sesumaga">
Felix Sesumaga



</doc>
<doc id="6958180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958180" title="Feeding difficulties">
Feeding difficulties



</doc>
<doc id="6958181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958181" title="Felix Mieli Venerando">
Felix Mieli Venerando



</doc>
<doc id="6958182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958182" title="Bua Lai district">
Bua Lai district

Bua Lai (, , ; ) is a district ("amphoe") in the northeastern part of Nakhon Ratchasima province, northeastern Thailand.
History.
The area of Bua Lai was separated from Bua Yai district and made a minor district ("king amphoe") on 1 July 1997. Most of the people of Bua Lai originally migrated there from Maha Sarakham and Roi Et provinces.
On 15 May 2007, all of Thailand's 81 minor districts were upgraded to full districts. With publication in the "Royal Gazette" on 24 August the upgrade became official.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise): Waeng Noi and Phon of Khon Kaen province and Prathai, Sida, and Bua Yai.
Administration.
The district is divided into four subdistricts ("tambons"). The township ("thesaban tambon") Nong Bua Lai covers parts of "tambon" Bua Lai.

</doc>
<doc id="6958184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958184" title="Cabrillas">
Cabrillas

Cabrillas is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located from the city of Salamanca and as of 2016 has a population of 398 people. The municipality covers an area of .
The village lies above sea level and the postal code is 37630.

</doc>
<doc id="6958186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958186" title="Zorba (musical)">
Zorba (musical)

 
Zorba is a musical with a book by Joseph Stein, lyrics by Fred Ebb, and music by John Kander. Adapted from the 1946 novel "Zorba the Greek" by Nikos Kazantzakis and the subsequent 1964 film of the same name, it focuses on the friendship that evolves between Zorba and Nikos, a young American who has inherited an abandoned mine on Crete, and their romantic relationships with a French woman and a local widow, respectively.
The musical premiered on Broadway in 1968 in a production directed by Harold Prince. It was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Musical in a season that included "Hair", "Promises, Promises" and "1776". The last of these won the award. The original production ran for 305 performances, and a 1983 Broadway revival ran for 362 performances with a cast starring Anthony Quinn.
Synopsis.
The story follows Zorba as he talks his way into traveling with Nikos, a young American who has inherited an abandoned mine on Crete. Eventually, Zorba falls in love with a French woman, Hortense. Meanwhile, Nikos falls in love with The Widow. Tragedy ensues when Zorba loses all of his money to a belly dancer. Further, a mentally unstable man, Pavli, commits suicide after witnessing Nikos and The Widow together. Then, a member of Pavli's family kills The Widow in retaliation for Pavli's death.
Musical numbers.
§ = in 1983 revival
Productions.
The musical opened on Broadway on November 16, 1968, at the Imperial Theatre, where it ran for 305 performances and twelve previews. Directed by Harold Prince and choreographed by Ron Field, the cast included Herschel Bernardi, Maria Karnilova, Carmen Alvarez, John Cunningham, and Lorraine Serabian. Scenic design was by Boris Aronson, costume design was by Patricia Zipprodt, and lighting design was by Richard Pilbrow. The production received several Tony Award nominations, winning the Tony Award for Best Scenic Design.
The musical was revised to be less "austere" and toured with John Raitt and included a new song for him ("Bouboulina") as well as the addition of "The First Time" sung by Nikos as part of "Why Can't I Speak." Chita Rivera played the role of "The Leader". Because reviews were not favorable, the show did not return to Broadway at that time.
The bus and truck tour featured Vivian Blaine ("Guys and Dolls") as Madame Hortense and Michael Kermoyan ("Camelot" &amp; "Anya") in the title role, with Prince directing and choreography by Patricia Birch.
The second national tour started in Philadelphia in May 1976 and traveled all over the East Coast of the US and into Montreal, Canada (two weeks at Place des Arts after the Summer Olympics). The cast featured Theodore Bikel and Taina Elg. It was considered the best touring show of the "Straw Hat Circuit" that summer.
The 1983 revival directed by Michael Cacoyannis and choreographed by Graciela Daniele opened on October 16, 1983, at the Broadway Theatre, where it ran for 362 performances and 14 previews. The cast included Anthony Quinn and Lila Kedrova (who had both starred in the film version, the latter winning an Oscar for her performance), in addition to Robert Westenberg, Debbie Shapiro, Jeff McCarthy and Rob Marshall. Kedrova would win the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical for her reprise of Madame Hortense; it was the only role she ever played on Broadway as per the Internet Broadway Database (IBDB). Softening the production somewhat, the revival did not eventuate or reference the killing of the Widow. 
The Cannon Group, Inc. had reportedly planned a film adaptation of the revival, which never materialized.
"Zorba" was presented in the New York City Center Encores! staged concert series on May 6–10, 2015. The cast featured John Turturro, Zoe Wanamaker, and Marin Mazzie in the lead roles and direction by Walter Bobbie.
Design Elements.
Director Prince visited Crete and Mykonos, and the show's original design reflected the "peculiar color and light of the Greek Islands, the stark white of the...buildings as against the funereal black of the...clothes. Memorably 'Zorba' was presented in severe chiaroscuro."
Reception.
According to Sheldon Patinkin, the "material was too dark" and the "book too heavy" for a Broadway musical. "It includes a serious and often unpleasant commenting chorus, the death of the central female character, a suicide...and other depressing events. It didn't return its investment."
Clive Barnes in his review in "The New York Times", wrote that "Prince was one of the very few creative producers on Broadway-a man who can put his own imprint on a show, and that imprint is planted all over "Zorba" like a sterling silver mark."

</doc>
<doc id="6958188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958188" title="Haplogroup O-M268">
Haplogroup O-M268

Haplogroup O-M268 (former name) is a Y-DNA that descends from O1 (O-F265), however, it is now referred to as O1b.
Origin.
The authors of a study published in 2011 have suggested China as being the early birthplace of O1b.
Other studies suggest a complex origin that is inconclusive because of rising seawater to the east of China (which may have been a walkable land mass).
Despite such studies, descendants of O1b suggest two primary migration paths from Southeast China:
This suggestion aims to draw an intersection to support the theory of both migration paths being in opposite spectrums geographically in East Asia.
There has also been recent suggestions that Korea plays a major role in the origin of O1b.
Distribution.
O1b is distributed with varying frequencies among these populations:
As of right now, it is inconclusive as to what frequency pertains to each population due to lack of accurate data.
Specific descendants (subclades) of O1b can be found at YFULL and ISOGG.
The two primary descendants are:
Phylogenetics.
Phylogenetic History.
Prior to 2002, there were in academic literature at least seven naming systems for the Y-Chromosome Phylogenetic tree. This led to considerable confusion. In 2002, the major research groups came together and formed the Y-Chromosome Consortium (YCC). They published a joint paper that created a single new tree that all agreed to use. Later, a group of citizen scientists with an interest in population genetics and genetic genealogy formed a working group to create an amateur tree aiming at being above all timely. The table below brings together all of these works at the point of the landmark 2002 YCC Tree. This allows a researcher reviewing older published literature to quickly move between nomenclatures.
Original Research Publications.
The following research teams per their publications were represented in the creation of the YCC Tree.
Phylogenetic Trees.
This phylogenetic tree of haplogroup O subclades is based on the YCC 2008 tree and subsequent published research.
References.
Works cited.
Journals
Websites

</doc>
<doc id="6958211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958211" title="List of tallest structures in the Netherlands">
List of tallest structures in the Netherlands

A non-exhaustive list of the tallest completed structures in the Netherlands. The list contains all types of structures.

</doc>
<doc id="6958217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958217" title="The Last to Know">
The Last to Know

"The Last to Know" is a song by Scottish singer Sheena Easton, included on her 1987 album, "No Sound But a Heart". It was written by Brock Walsh and Phil Galdston, and produced by Nick Martinelli. Easton's album was not commercially successful and songs from "No Sound But a Heart" were later covered by other artists. "The Last to Know" was recorded by Canadian singer Celine Dion for her 1990 English-language debut album, "Unison".
Celine Dion version.
Canadian singer Celine Dion covered "The Last to Know" for her first English-language album, "Unison" (1990). The song was released by Columbia Records as the album's fourth single in Canada on 11 March 1991. Later, it was issued as a single in the rest of the world. The song was written by Brock Walsh and Phil Galdston, and originally recorded by Sheena Easton in 1987. Dion's version was produced by Christopher Neil.
After its release, "The Last to Know" received positive reviews from music critics. The song peaked at number sixteen in Canada and number seven on the Canadian Adult Contemporary chart. It also reached number twenty-two on the US Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks. The accompanying music video for the song was directed by Dominic Orlando. Dion performed "The Last to Know" during her Unison Tour.
Background and release.
"The Last to Know" was one of three covers recorded by Dion for her English-language album, "Unison". Dion's version was produced by British record producer, Christopher Neil. It was released as the fourth single in Canada on 11 March 1991 and third single in the United States (June 1991) and the rest of the world (September 1991). In the United Kingdom, it was the second single, after "Where Does My Heart Beat Now". "The Last to Know"'s B-side included "Unison" (remix) in the United States and the album version of "Unison" in the rest of the world.
Critical reception.
Larry Flick from "Billboard" noted that Dion "returns to familiar ballad territory" and described it as a "lovely tune". "Entertainment Weekly" editor Jim Farber wrote, "Tracks like "If Love Is Out the Question" and "The Last to Know" are lush vehicles, filled with routine hooks that Dion's distinctive voice raises to a higher level". Christopher Smith from TalkAboutPopMusic described it as a "slow and sensual ballad full of atmosphere and synth-based backing tracks."
Commercial performance.
In Canada, "The Last to Know" entered the "RPM" Top Singles chart on 16 March 1991 and peaked at number 16 on 25 May 1991. The song also entered "RPM" Adult Contemporary chart on 23 March 1991 and reached number seven there. In the United States, "The Last to Know" debuted on "Billboard"'s Adult Contemporary chart dated 13 July 1991 and peaked at number 22 on 31 August 1991.
Live performances.
Dion performed "The Last to Know" on "The Tonight Show" in March 1991, and also during her 1990–91 Unison Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="6958218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958218" title="Mueang Yang district">
Mueang Yang district

Mueang Yang (, ; , ) is a district ("amphoe") in the northeastern part of Nakhon Ratchasima province, northeastern Thailand.
History.
The area now known as Mueang Yang district has been occupied since prehistoric times, as evidenced by the discovery of ceramics in Ban Mueang Yang and Ban Krabueang Nok. There are also small Khmer "prasat" in Ban Mueang Yang and Ban Nang O.
The area of Mueang Yang was separated from Chum Phuang district and made a minor district ("king amphoe") on 1 April 1995. The people of Mueang Yang District are descendants of the original Khorat people and migrants from the neighbouring provinces of Buriram, Khon Kaen, Maha Sarakham, and Roi Et.
On 15 May 2007, all 81 minor districts were upgraded to full districts. On 24 August the upgrade became official.
Geography.
Neighbouring districts are (clockwise from the north): Ban Mai Chaiyaphot, Phutthaisong, and Khu Mueang of Buriram province; Lam Thamenchai, Chum Phuang, and Prathai of Nakhon Ratchasima Province.
The main water source is the Mun river.
Administration.
The district is divided into four subdistricts ("tambons"). There are no municipal ("thesaban nakhon") areas in the district.

</doc>
<doc id="6958219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958219" title="Killing joke">
Killing joke



</doc>
<doc id="6958220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958220" title="Central fissure">
Central fissure



</doc>
<doc id="6958221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958221" title="Ronaldo's fissure">
Ronaldo's fissure



</doc>
<doc id="6958230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958230" title="Cantalapiedra">
Cantalapiedra

Cantalapiedra is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is located from the city of Salamanca and has a population of 1250 people. The municipality covers an area of .
It is from Salamanca, the provincial capital. The region forms part of the Field of Peñaranda.
Cantalapiedra, which lies within the province of Salamanca (which itself is bordered by the Zamora, Valladolid and Ávila provinces, within the 71.15 square kilometres of the region) has a diameter of around (from the centre of the town). Governed by the judicial system of Peñaranda, Cantalapiedra is a 'typical' town in Salamanca; in the middle of seamlessly endless plains of fertile wheat, and located between such historic states as the Old Kingdom of León and the Old Kingdom of Castile.
The first organization in Cantalapiedra was the church of Santa Maria of the Castle. The town is surrounded by plains to the north, northeast, northwest and south, grown there to 'frame' the town. Its historic past is reflected in local landmarks, like the street of Weavers, encased within a wall, which goes up to the old slaughter house and leads to the street of the hospital. The rest of the old enclosure symbolizes the tower of the Dean. Now one can stroll down the main streets, immersed in the cultural and economic growth which has occurred in the 20th and 21st centuries. The town is served by a railway line. Cantalapiedra is the antipode of Whitby, New Zealand.
The village lies above sea level and the post code is 37630.

</doc>
<doc id="6958235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958235" title="List of tallest structures in Luxembourg">
List of tallest structures in Luxembourg

A list of the tallest structures in Luxembourg. The list contains all types of structures.

</doc>
<doc id="6958236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958236" title="Fissure of Sylvius">
Fissure of Sylvius



</doc>
<doc id="6958238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958238" title="Kayo">
Kayo

Kayo or KAYO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6958244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958244" title="Shadows in the Banquet Hall (album)">
Shadows in the Banquet Hall (album)



</doc>
<doc id="6958250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958250" title="Clio Williams">
Clio Williams



</doc>
<doc id="6958258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958258" title="Ether~Electrified Porch Music (album)">
Ether~Electrified Porch Music (album)



</doc>
<doc id="6958260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958260" title="River Keer">
River Keer

The River Keer is a river in Northern England. It flows for through the English counties of Lancashire and Cumbria.
For parts of its course, the Keer marks the boundary between Lancashire and Cumbria, as well as the ancient counties of Lancashire and Westmorland.
The river rises on Docker Moor near the villages of Whittington and Hutton Roof, following a westerly course, passing the villages of Capernwray, Borwick and Warton, as well as Pine Lake, before reaching Carnforth, after which the river runs through salt marshes before pouring into the Kent estuary and Morecambe Bay as part of the Arnside and Silverdale Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.

</doc>
<doc id="6958261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958261" title="Berlin Dresdner Bahnhof">
Berlin Dresdner Bahnhof

The Dresdner Bahnhof was a short-lived passenger railway terminus in Berlin, Germany, operating from 1875 to 1882 and handling train services to and from Dresden over the Berlin–Dresden railway.
Characteristics.
The station building was fairly small in size and inconveniently located some distance from the Berlin city centre, south of the Landwehrkanal. The surrounding area in the "Tempelhofer Vorstadt" quarter (today part of the Kreuzberg district) was largely dominated by railway infrastructure. Close by were the approach tracks of the larger Anhalter Bahnhof and Potsdamer Bahnhof, and their associated goods stations and locomotive depots.
History.
As a passenger terminus was inaugurated with the opening of the Berlin–Dresden railway line on 17 June 1875. Trains ran to the "Berliner Bahnhof" in Dresden's Friedrichstadt quarter, about in the south, with through coaches to Prague and Vienna. Only a provisional half-timbered station building had been erected; plans for a large entrance hall were never carried out.
The Dresdner Bahnhof received its last passenger train on 15 October 1882, and was officially closed the year after. Following the recent rebuilding of both the Anhalter and Potsdamer passenger termini to cope with rapidly increasing traffic, all services were transferred from the Dresdner Bahnhof to these two other stations, the Anhalter Bahnhof receiving the lion's share. It took on all long-distance services, and it was largely through this that it became known as Berlin's "Gateway to the South," its trains ultimately reaching Rome, Naples and Athens. The Potsdamer Bahnhof inherited mainly short-haul and suburban traffic.
The temporary passenger station was removed over the next years. In 1913, the area was used to build a much larger facility - the Postbahnhof, dedicated to the handling of mail. By then there were even more rails in the immediate vicinity following the arrival of the U-Bahn. Its original route, opened in stages during 1902, comprised a through section from Warschauer Brücke to Knie, with a triangular junction between Möckernbrücke and Bülowstraße giving access to Potsdamer Platz. This triangle of lines gave its name to the area ("Gleisdreieck", literally meaning "railway triangle"), and also to the station constructed there. Following an accident on 26 September 1908, in which two trains collided on the triangle, killing 18 people and injuring 21 others, the layout was reorganised in 1912 into what can be seen today, with two lines crossing one over the other at right angles, and a split-level station with platforms on both lines. The Dresdner Bahnhof, and the Postbahnhof of which it became part, lay in the south-east quadrant, right in the angle between the two lines. In this guise it lasted for eight more decades, finally closing in 1997.
In the photograph on the top, taken in October 2005, the bridge carries U-Bahn lines 1 and 3. A train crossing it from left to right (east to west) will run into Gleisdreieck station (high level platforms) just seconds later. The Postbahnhof is nowadays used for concerts, parties, exhibitions and cultural events (please note that this Postbahnhof should not be confused with another venue, apparently of the same name, about 3 km away near Berlin Ostbahnhof).

</doc>
<doc id="6958268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958268" title="Ether-Electrified Porch Music">
Ether-Electrified Porch Music



</doc>
<doc id="6958275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958275" title="Kayo (music)">
Kayo (music)



</doc>
<doc id="6958283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958283" title="NYSDAA">
NYSDAA



</doc>
<doc id="6958284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958284" title="Great Arc (novel)">
Great Arc (novel)



</doc>
<doc id="6958312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958312" title="Holyland (Belfast)">
Holyland (Belfast)

The Holylands, The Holy Land or The Holyland is a residential area of inner-south Belfast, Northern Ireland. Composed of a series of streets behind The Queen's University of Belfast near to the River Lagan, the area has been dubbed 'the Holyland' from its street names: Jerusalem Street, Palestine Street, Damascus Street, Carmel Street and Cairo Street. The boundaries of the Holyland are generally considered to be the area between University Street, the Ormeau Road, the River Lagan, Botanic Gardens and Queen's. Originally home to many working class families, the area now has a high proportion of students, with many reports of anti-social behaviour.
History.
The Holyland street network was built up to its present layout in the 1890s by Belfast's oldest firm of property consultants, Brown McConnell Clark. Sir Robert McConnell, a devout Christian Victorian developer and a previous unionist Lord Mayor of Belfast, was part of one of the founding families of the firm. Along with a builder friend, James Rea, Sir Robert McConnell visited Palestine and Egypt. When he later developed this area, he named the streets after the places they had visited (Carmel, Damascus, Cairo, Jerusalem and Palestine) and they became known as 'the Holyland', after the region around the Middle East's Holy Land.
Population.
The demographic makeup of the Holyland has dramatically changed in recent years. This is due to a number of reasons: the expansion in student numbers at Queen's University; a subsequent insufficient availability of University accommodation; significant investment by private landlords and rising house prices; and the attraction of living in south Belfast. All have increased student numbers living in the Holyland. This has transformed the area’s population from initially Protestant to mainly working class Catholic families to the current level of over 90% student and young worker occupation. In one square kilometre of Belfast, there are an estimated 7,000 students living. 60% are from the University of Ulster.
Anti-social behaviour.
These shifts in student numbers have led to an increase in anti-social behaviour by a minority of students. This in turn has intensified friction with the permanent Holyland community population resulting in an increased number of complaints to both local universities. Student overcrowding in houses of multiple occupancy (HMOs) and poor community infrastructure has also meant an increase in a wide range of petty crimes. There has been increased media attention on the Holyland area over the last few years, most notably on the BBCNI "Spotlight" current affairs television programme, which highlighted these problems of student anti-social behaviour.
In February 2005, in response to these issues, the University of Ulster and Queen's University launched its Student Awareness Campaign, using a specifically commissioned illustration accompanied with the question "Do You Turn into A Monster After Dark?" The campaign was fully supported by both students' unions. The Campaign's aim was to make a direct appeal to students "to respect their neighbours and help create conditions were everyone can live in peace".
In January 2006 a team of community safety wardens were appointed to work in the Holyland area, in a novel approach to issues such as anti-social behaviour and community development. The initiative was launched by Belfast City Council and government agencies, the Police, the city's universities and colleges and other relevant bodies. At a meeting in 2009, it was reported that safety wardens deal with more than one thousand incidents of anti-social behaviour each year. The pilot ended in June 2009, and the scheme was extended to include other areas of Belfast.
St. Patrick's Day 2009 saw further disturbance in the area, with the police making twelve arrests. Five people, four of whom were students, were subsequently charged with riotous behaviour and assaulting police. In March 2021 police issued many fines to people having parties in breach of COVID regulations, and some parties spilled out into the street.
Statistics revealed at local policing board meetings throughout 2009 illustrate that levels of burglary, car crime and violent assaults continue to rise in the area despite increased police patrols. CCTV has been introduced in the area under a pilot scheme monitoring street disturbance.
Many solutions have been proposed to the problem. In 2019, Adam McGibbon, former Vice President of Queen's University Students' Union, proposed that the authorities should regulate the private rented sector and compulsorarily purchase homes for social housing, providing much-needed affordable housing and reducing the student density in the area. In 2020–2021, Queen's University started fining students for their off-campus behaviour.
A comedy film "The UnHolylands", by Paddy Duffy, concerns partying students. Filmed and set in the Holylands, it is due to be released in November 2024. James Nesbitt has a minor part.

</doc>
<doc id="6958316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958316" title="Cantalpino">
Cantalpino

Cantalpino is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located from the city of Salamanca and as of 2016 has a population of 927 people. The municipality covers an area of .
The village lies above sea level.
The postal code is 37405.
Notable people.
On 15 December 1899, Eusebia Palomino Yenes, a nun of the Salesian Sisters of Don Bosco, was born here. In 2004 she was beatified.

</doc>
<doc id="6958318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958318" title="Surfreter">
Surfreter



</doc>
<doc id="6958325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958325" title="KGBX-FM">
KGBX-FM

KGBX-FM (105.9 MHz) is a radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary format. Licensed to Nixa, Missouri, United States, the station serves the Springfield, Missouri, market. The station is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. and licensed as iHM Licenses, LLC.
History.
The station went on the air as KBLR-FM on April 23, 1979. On July 18, 1979, the station changed its call letters to KYOO-FM. This station served the Bolivar, Missouri, area but could be heard in Springfield.
On October 10, 1989, KYOO-FM 106.3 was sold. The station was moved to 105.9 and became the current KGBX-FM primarily serving Springfield, taking the call letters from KGBX AM 1260, now KSGF.
The city of license was eventually moved from Bolivar to Nixa.

</doc>
<doc id="6958327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958327" title="Cantaracillo">
Cantaracillo

Cantaracillo is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile and Leon. It is located from the city of Salamanca and as of 2016 has a population of 204 people. The municipality covers an area of .
The village lies above sea level.
The postal code is 37319.

</doc>
<doc id="6958330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958330" title="Certara">
Certara

Certara is a former municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013 the former municipalities of Bogno, Cadro, Carona, Certara, Cimadera, Valcolla and Sonvico merged into the municipality of Lugano.
History.
Certara is first mentioned in 1264 as "Certara" with the church of S. Pietro Martire.
Certara was probably originally a simple alpine herding camp for the village of Sonvico. Although the village remained dependent, until 1899, on the parish of St. Pietro in Colla, it already had its own property in 1591, a cemetery in the 17th century, the Baptistery of S. Rocco in 1670 and also a pastor.
The income of the village came mainly from agriculture and cattle breeding but was supplemented by the money sent back to the village by emigrants. Starting in the late 19th century, the village population declined as a result of the decline of agriculture and the formation of the Lugano agglomeration. Today, many houses are used as second or vacation homes.
Geography.
Before the merger, Certara had a total area of . Of this area, or 7.0% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 81.3% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 4.4% is settled (buildings or roads) and or 3.3% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 1.1% and transportation infrastructure made up 3.3%. Out of the forested land, 76.9% of the total land area is heavily forested and 4.0% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 5.9% is used for growing crops and 1.1% is used for alpine pastures.
The municipality is located in the Lugano district, on the left side of the Val Colla between two mountains, "Denti della Vecchia" and the village Gazzirola on "il Gazzirola" at the Italian border.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Or a rose gules between two piles issuant from the base reaching the chief." The rose symbolizes the position of the village between two mountains: "i Denti della Vecchia" (the teeth of the old woman) and "il Gazzirola"
Demographics.
Certara had a population (as of 2011) of 60. , 14.5% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of -27.8%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (81.5%), with German being second most common (12.3%) and French being third (4.6%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 8 speak German, 3 people speak French, 53 people speak Italian. The remainder (1 person) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 45.0% male and 55.0% female. The population was made up of 22 Swiss men (36.7% of the population), and 5 (8.3%) non-Swiss men. There were 29 Swiss women (48.3%), and 4 (6.7%) non-Swiss women.
In there was 1 live birth to Swiss citizens and 1 death of a Swiss citizen. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens remained the same while the foreign population remained the same. There were 2 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 2 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 3 people. This represents a population growth rate of 8.8%.
The age distribution, , in Certara is; 3 children or 5.0% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 5 teenagers or 8.3% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 2 people or 3.3% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 11 people or 18.3% are between 30 and 39, 9 people or 15.0% are between 40 and 49, and 7 people or 11.7% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 8 people or 13.3% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 8 people or 13.3% are between 70 and 79, there are 7 people or 11.7% who are over 80.
, there were 31 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2. persons per household. there were 89 single family homes (or 89.9% of the total) out of a total of 99 inhabited buildings. There were 5 two family buildings (5.1%) and 2 multi-family buildings (2.0%). There were also 3 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 108 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 3 room apartment of which there were 40. There were 4 single room apartments and 14 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 31 apartments (28.7% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 76 apartments (70.4%) were seasonally occupied and 1 apartments (0.9%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the Ticino League which received 41.28% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (18.35%), the CVP (13.76%) and the SVP (12.84%). In the federal election, a total of 16 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 30.8%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 55 registered voters in Certara, of which 21 or 38.2% voted. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 5 or 23.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 5 or 23.8%), the LEGA (with 4 or 19.0%) and the PPD+GenGiova (with 3 or 14.3%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, The most popular party was the LEGA which received 6 or 28.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 6 or 28.6%), the PLRT (with 5 or 23.8%) and the PPD (with 3 or 14.3%).
Economy.
, Certara had an unemployment rate of 6%. , there were people employed in the primary economic sector and about businesses involved in this sector. 1 person was employed in the secondary sector and there was 1 business in this sector. people were employed in the tertiary sector, with businesses in this sector. There were 23 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 47.8% of the workforce. , there were 17 workers who commuted away from the municipality. Of the working population, 8.7% used public transportation to get to work, and 69.6% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 49 or 75.4% were Roman Catholic, while 3 or 4.6% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 8 individuals (or about 12.31% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 5 individuals (or about 7.69% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Certara about 67.6% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule").
In Certara there were a total of 5 students ().
The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten followed by five years of mandatory primary school. In the municipality, 1 student attended the standard primary school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 2 students in the two-year middle school, while 0 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There was 1 vocational student who was attending school full-time and 1 who attend part-time.
, there were 3 students from Certara who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6958342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958342" title="Cimadera">
Cimadera

Cimadera is a former municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013 the former municipalities of Bogno, Cadro, Carona, Certara, Cimadera, Valcolla and Sonvico merged into the municipality of Lugano.
History.
Cimadera is first mentioned in 1422 as "cima d'Era". The village was originally an alpine herding camp for the inhabitants of the village Treciore which was part of the town of Sonvico. After the plague of 1525, they settled there permanently. In the 16th century it belonged to the "Kastlanei" and parish of Sonvico. In 1878 the municipality was created when it separated from Sonvico to become an independent municipality and parish.
The chapel of St. Anthony of Padua dates from the 17th century. The prayer house of S. Maria ed Elisabetta or della Visitazione was built in 1670.
The income of the village was dominated by farming and cattle breeding, but was supplemented by income from seasonal emigration. The decline of agriculture and the urbanization of the villages surrounding Lugano, since the beginning of the 20th century, have depopulated the town. Many houses have been converted into second or vacation homes.
Geography.
Before the merger, Cimadera had a total area of . Of this area, or 5.9% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 83.3% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 1.7% is settled (buildings or roads) and or 4.0% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 0.6% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.8%. Out of the forested land, 76.3% of the total land area is heavily forested and 3.6% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 5.3% is used for growing crops. Of the unproductive areas, 3.4% is unproductive vegetation and .
The former municipality is located in the Lugano district, on the left slope of the upper Val Colla at an elevation of .
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Per cevron reaching the chief azure and argent overall two towers gules."
Demographics.
Cimadera had a population (as of 2011) of 115. , 5.8% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 17.3%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (85.0%), with German being second most common (10.0%) and French being third (2.0%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 10 speak German, 2 people speak French, 85 people speak Italian. The remainder (3 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 51.5% male and 48.5% female. The population was made up of 62 Swiss men (47.7% of the population), and 5 (3.8%) non-Swiss men. There were 60 Swiss women (46.2%), and 3 (2.3%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 2 live births to Swiss citizens and were 3 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 1 while the foreign population remained the same. There was 1 Swiss man who immigrated back to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 4 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 1 people. This represents a population growth rate of 4.3%.
The age distribution, , in Cimadera is; 7 children or 5.4% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 8 teenagers or 6.2% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 13 people or 10.0% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 13 people or 10.0% are between 30 and 39, 30 people or 23.1% are between 40 and 49, and 18 people or 13.8% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 22 people or 16.9% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 8 people or 6.2% are between 70 and 79, there are 11 people or 8.5% who are over 80.
, there were 55 private households in the municipality, and an average of 1.8 persons per household. there were 156 single family homes (or 89.7% of the total) out of a total of 174 inhabited buildings. There were 15 two family buildings (8.6%) and 2 multi-family buildings (1.1%). There was 1 building in the municipality that was a multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 190 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 3 room apartment of which there were 70. There were 16 single room apartments and 25 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 53 apartments (27.9% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 136 apartments (71.6%) were seasonally occupied and 1 apartments (0.5%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Sights.
The entire village of Cimadera is designated as part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 45.19% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (15.95%), the CVP (14.31%) and the Ticino League (10.63%). In the federal election, a total of 63 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 51.2%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 121 registered voters in Cimadera, of which 81 or 66.9% voted. The most popular party was the UDC which received 32 or 39.5% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 15 or 18.5%), the PPD+GenGiova (with 12 or 14.8%) and the PS (with 8 or 9.9%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 1 blank ballot was cast, leaving 80 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 37 or 46.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 13 or 16.3%), the LEGA (with 11 or 13.8%) and the SSI (with 9 or 11.3%).
Economy.
, Cimadera had an unemployment rate of 3.25%. , there were 3 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 2 businesses involved in this sector. 6 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 3 businesses in this sector. 3 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 2 businesses in this sector. There were 38 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 36.8% of the workforce.
, there were 5 workers who commuted into the municipality and 29 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 5.8 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 5.3% used public transportation to get to work, and 78.9% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 79 or 79.0% were Roman Catholic, while 9 or 9.0% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 10 individuals (or about 10.00% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 2 individuals (or about 2.00% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Cimadera about 75.8% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule").
In Cimadera there were a total of 10 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and five years of mandatory primary school. In the municipality, 3 students attended the standard primary schools. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 2 students in the two-year middle school, while 0 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There was 1 vocational student who was attending school full-time and 4 who attend part-time.
, there were 6 students from Cimadera who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6958346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958346" title="Sabhal Mòr Lectures">
Sabhal Mòr Lectures

The Sabhal Mòr Lectures are a series of annual televised lectures held at the college Sabhal Mòr Ostaig on Skye, Scotland. The lectures are held in English, but focus on topics related to the Scottish Gaelic language, often with emphasis on related economic or cultural issues. The invited lecturers are sometimes very prominent personalities, and a number of the lectures have been seen as landmarks in the development of Scottish Gaelic policy. The lectures are sponsored and broadcast by STV (formerly Scottish Television and Grampian Television). Notable speakers over the years have included Mary Robinson, Gordon Brown, Donald Dewar and Jack McConnell.
Significant lectures.
A number of Sabhal Mòr Lectures have marked significant turning points in Scottish Gaelic language issues or caught the spirit of the day in striking ways which met with resonance in the Scottish Gaelic-speaking community.
Mary Robinson's lecture spoke of the possibility of creating "an island space" for the Hebrides and Ireland in which to celebrate what the two countries share. This led directly to the establishment of Columba Initiative.
In his 1999 lecture, Gordon Brown famously declared: "What a bland and uniform place this Britain of ours would be if Britishness meant we all spoke the same way, sang, danced and celebrated the same way."
References.
Roger Hutchinson, "A Waxing Moon: The Modern Gaelic Revival", Mainstream Publishing, Edinburgh, 2005. .

</doc>
<doc id="6958347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958347" title="Ezhuvanthala">
Ezhuvanthala

Ezhuvanthala is a small village in Nellaya Panchayat of Palakkad district in the state of Kerala in India.

</doc>
<doc id="6958349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958349" title="Giuseppe Alessi (footballer)">
Giuseppe Alessi (footballer)

Giuseppe Alessi (born 29 December 1973) is an Italian former footballer who played as a midfielder. Alessi started his career at Torino. Then he played for S.S.C. Napoli, before joining Spezia Calcio.

</doc>
<doc id="6958351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958351" title="Fintona Girls' School">
Fintona Girls' School

 Fintona Girls' School is a small, independent, non-denominational, day school for girls, located in Balwyn, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Established in 1896, Fintona is a non-selective school and currently caters for approximately 600 students from the Early Learning Centre (ELC) to Year 12.
Fintona is a member of Girls Sport Victoria (GSV), the Alliance of Girls Schools Australia (AGSA), the Junior School Heads Association of Australia (JSHAA), and the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia (AHISA).
History.
Fintona was established as a Presbyterian, day and boarding school for girls, in 1896. The school was founded by Annie Hughston and was originally located in the Melbourne suburb of Camberwell.
The school occupies 'Balwyn', the historic home and vineyard built by early settler Andrew Murray, from which the suburb of Balwyn takes its name.
Curriculum.
Fintona Girls' School is divided into 4 teaching sections: 
The school's ELC curriculum is based on the Reggio Emilia approach to education. From Prep to Year 6, students are involved in the International Baccalaureate Primary Years Program which covers the subject areas of language, social studies, mathematics, science and technology, arts, and personal, social and physical education.
Fintona offers three languages, Latin, French and Japanese.
Houses.
The three Junior School (P–4) houses of Fintona are Bedggood, Menzies and Reid. The six Middle and Senior School (years 5–12) houses of Fintona are Boyne (after school benefactors), Clarke (after first Fintona boarder and matriculant), Hughston (after first headmistress), Murdoch (after Patrick John Murdoch of Trinity Church, Camberwell, where many boarders attended), Maxwell (after father of one of Fintona's first prefects), Ower (after member of staff 1900–1930).
Sport.
Fintona is a member of Girls Sport Victoria (GSV).
GSV premierships.
Fintona has won the following GSV premiership.
Notable alumnae.
Ex-students of Fintona Girls' School are known as 'Old Fintonians' and may elect to join the 'Old Fintonians Association'. Some notable 'Old Fintonians' include:

</doc>
<doc id="6958352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958352" title="Longwave transmitter Beidweiler">
Longwave transmitter Beidweiler



</doc>
<doc id="6958354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958354" title="Carbajosa de la Sagrada">
Carbajosa de la Sagrada

Carbajosa de la Sagrada is a municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located only from the city of Salamanca and as of 2016 has a population of 6,790 people. The municipality covers an area of .
The village lies above sea level and the postal code is 37188.

</doc>
<doc id="6958358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958358" title="Beidweiler Longwave Transmitter">
Beidweiler Longwave Transmitter

The Beidweiler longwave transmitter is a high-power broadcasting transmission site owned by RTL Group and operated by RTL company Broadcasting Center Europe. It was used to transmit the French-speaking programme of RTL on longwave frequency until 1 January 2023. Based in Beidweiler, Luxembourg, the transmission site is situated at 49°43'58" N and 6°19'08" E and went into service in 1972 as replacement of the old Junglinster Longwave Transmitter. Junglinster remained in use as a backup site and for additional broadcast services.
Construction.
The facility uses a directional antenna consisting of three tall guyed masts, each equipped with a cage antenna. The output of this array is mostly directed toward Paris. When the site was inaugurated in 1972 it operated with a transmission power of 1400 kilowatts, which was pushed up to 2000 kW in 1974, making it one of the most powerful broadcasting stations in the world at the time.
History.
In 1994, the facility's transmitters were replaced with Thomson-Csf TRE 2175 units, which in turn were replaced by a new Transradio TRAM/P 1500 LS solid-state transmitter in 2011 that could support DRM digital radio broadcasting. The maximum power of the site is 1500 kW (reduced to 1000 kW at night); since 2020, the output power has been set to 750 kW daytime or 375 kW at night.
In 2019, RTL Group and Luxembourgish energy company began work on an extensive solar generation facility at Beidweiler. The first phase of the project, consisting of 16,100 photovoltaic solar panels, was connected to the national energy grid in 2020. A second group of panels went online in 2021. Together with a similar solar generation facility at Junglinster, the transmission sites make up the largest solar facility in Luxembourg, generating almost 10.5 gigawatt-hours of energy per year.
In October 2022, RTL parent company Groupe M6 announced plans to cease broadcasting from the site, citing the need to reduce electricity consumption. Transmissions from Beidweiler stopped on 2 January 2023, with listeners advised to switch to FM, DAB+, or streams delivered via digital TV and mobile apps.

</doc>
<doc id="6958365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958365" title="Woodhouse Park">
Woodhouse Park

Woodhouse Park is an area of Wythenshawe in south Manchester, England. The population of the ward at the 2011 census was 13,519.
Geography.
The area borders Newall Green, on the other side of the M56 motorway, from which it is served by Junctions 4 (Wythenshawe) and 5 (Manchester Airport), to the west, Moss Nook to the south and south-east, Peel Hall to the east and Benchill to the north. 
The Manchester Metrolink Airport Line runs through Woodhouse Park.
Governance.
Sharston is part of the Wythenshawe and Sale East constituency, represented by the Labour Party MP Mike Kane.
In 2003, Benchill was disestablished as a local government ward and the area divided between Woodhouse Park, Sharston, and Northenden.
The Manchester City Council Woodhouse Park electoral Ward incorporates the areas of Woodhouse Park described above as well as Moss Nook, Ringway Parish Council and Manchester Airport and has three Councillors to represent all these areas: Anastasia Wiest (Grn), Rob Nunney (Grn), and Astrid Johnson (Grn).
 indicates seat up for re-election.
Housing.
As part of Wythenshawe, the majority of housing in Woodhouse Park is social housing, mostly former council housing stock. Following a democratic vote, the former council properties are now under the control of local housing associations. Due to greater access to government funding, the housing associations have invested a great deal into the local area, improving the quality of maintenance of the housing stock. Local leisure facilities have also been improved as part of an urban regeneration programme.
Police.
The Greater Manchester Police is responsible for Woodhouse Park.

</doc>
<doc id="6958373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958373" title="Iván Rodriguez">
Iván Rodriguez



</doc>
<doc id="6958374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958374" title="US Highway 61">
US Highway 61



</doc>
<doc id="6958376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958376" title="English Language Liturgical Consultation">
English Language Liturgical Consultation

The English Language Liturgical Consultation (ELLC) is a group of national associations of ecumenical liturgists in the English-speaking world. Their work has been concerned with developing and promoting common liturgical texts in English and sharing a common lectionary wherever possible. It is the successor body to the International Consultation on English Texts (ICET).
ICET was formed in 1969 and, after circulating drafts in 1971, 1972 and 1973, completed its work in 1975 by publishing the booklet "Prayers We Have in Common", its proposed English versions of liturgical texts that included the Apostles' Creed, the Nicene Creed, the Athanasian Creed and the Lord's Prayer. These texts were widely adopted by English-speaking Christians, with the exception of the Lord's Prayer ("Our Father"), for which, in most countries, a traditional text was kept. The other three texts were accepted in the official 1975 English translation of the Roman Missal. In the United States the English translation of the Roman Missal was printed before the definitive 1975 ICEL text of the Nicene Creed was ready and therefore has in its place the 1973 draft. This differs in a few points from the final text; in one instance, the 1973 draft speaks of Christ becoming man after mentioning his birth, while the 1975 text does so after mentioning instead his incarnation.
The Revised Common Lectionary was the product of a collaboration between the North American Consultation on Common Texts (CCT) and the International English Language Liturgical Consultation (ELLC). After a nine-year trial period, it was released in 1994.
"Praying Together".
ELLC, in turn, published in 1988 "Praying Together", with revisions of the ICET texts. They have been accepted by many Churches. For instance, the Presbyterian Church (USA) in 1998, the Methodist Church of Great Britain in 1999 and the (Anglican) Church of Ireland in 2002 However, many of them introduced modifications, as can be seen in "A Survey of Use and Variation".
Contents include:
New Zealand.
In 1984 the New Zealand Catholic Bishops' Conference permitted and encouraged the use of the ELLC version of the Lord's Prayer in all dioceses except that of Christchurch. With the introduction of the Third Roman Missal, the ELLC version of the Lord's Prayer was not recognised and so had to be changed back to the traditional text. However, the ELLC version is still permitted to be used outside Mass.

</doc>
<doc id="6958378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958378" title="Timeline of Goan history">
Timeline of Goan history

 
This is a timeline of Goan history. It overlaps with the histories of other regions in South Asia, the Indian subcontinent, and colonial powers that influenced the region, including Portugal.
Antiquity.
Age of dynastic rule-golden period of maritime history 
Recent history.
2020s.
July 24, 2023 - Goa High Court Orders Tiger Reserve in Mhadei Wildlife Sanctuary

</doc>
<doc id="6958381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958381" title="Yellow Pig's Day">
Yellow Pig's Day



</doc>
<doc id="6958385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958385" title="Graybody">
Graybody



</doc>
<doc id="6958388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958388" title="Louis Aimée Le Prince">
Louis Aimée Le Prince



</doc>
<doc id="6958391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958391" title="Bist o Seh Sal">
Bist o Seh Sal



</doc>
<doc id="6958397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958397" title="Bette Bright">
Bette Bright

Bette Bright (born Catherine Anne Martin 23 December 1953) is an English rock singer.
Personal life.
Anne Martin was born in Tankerton. She lived at Tankerton Road, with her elder sister Alanah. Her father was Malcolm Martin. She attended Rochester Grammar School, with A-levels in English, French, and Art. Afterwards she attended Notre Dame College of Education, in Liverpool.
Anne Martin is married to Graham McPherson aka Suggs, lead singer of Madness in 1981.
Her sister Alanah, who became a broadcaster and scriptwriter for the BBC, was born on 17 January 1952; Alanah died in October 2012 of pancreatic cancer. Her husband was Keith Porritt.
Career.
In the late 1970s, Bright was a singer for the art rock band Deaf School. After Deaf School disbanded, Bright went solo with her backing band, 'The Illuminations'. Band members were Henry Priestman (formerly with band Yachts), Rusty Egan (Visage) and Glen Matlock (Sex Pistols). Their single debut, a cover of "My Boyfriend's Back" in 1978, was followed by another cover, "Captain of Your Ship", which became a minor airplay hit.
Bright's third single, "Hello, I Am Your Heart", dropped the Illuminations from the billing, and was her only chart hit. Issued in February 1980, the track entered the UK Singles Chart and spent a week at No. 50.
Featured on the single (and receiving credit on the sleeve) was Lee 'Kix' Thompson on saxophone. Around this same time, Bright (using her birth name, Anne Martin) spent some time as the singer of the Dutch band Gruppo Sportivo, and she also appeared in Malcolm McLaren's Sex Pistols film, "The Great Rock 'n' Roll Swindle".
In 1981, she issued the album "Rhythm Breaks the Ice", which featured songs she had written herself, but also classics like "Shoorah, Shoorah" as well as new interpretations of songs by Deaf School. Her backing band on this album - still called The Illuminations - was completely different from the group on her earlier singles, and had a similar line-up to Clive Langer &amp; the Boxes: Clive Langer (guitar/sitar), Ian Broudie (lead guitar), James Eller (bass); Jo Allen (drums); and Ben Barson, brother of Madness keyboardist Mike Barson (keyboards). Martin Hughes subbed for Allen on two cuts; Clive Langer &amp; The Boxes consisted of Langer, Eller, Barson and Hughes. The album was produced by Clanger/Winstanley.
Working with Barson, Langer and Alan Winstanley, Bright got to know Madness, and she and Madness singer Suggs, fell in love. They married in 1982, and she retired. She appeared in 1984 as a homeless person in the music video of "One Better Day" by Madness and rejoined her fellow Deaf School members for a reunion and a live album in 1988.
In 1992, she provided spoken word on "Walk You Home", a track on Tim Finn's fourth album, "Before &amp; After". In recent years, she has joined the reformed Deaf School for one-off appearances. In December 2007, at The O2 venue Indigo2 for Madness' aftershow party, the band were joined on stage by her daughters, who sang backing vocals. She also sang with her husband, Suggs. Bright reunited with Deaf School once again in December 2009, for a selection of UK dates in London and Liverpool, including a date at the 100 Club.

</doc>
<doc id="6958416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958416" title="Kaufman oculocerebrofacial syndrome">
Kaufman oculocerebrofacial syndrome

Kaufman oculocerebrofacial syndrome, also known as Blepharophimosis-ptosis-intellectual disability syndrome, is an extremely rare autosomal recessive congenital disorder characterized by severe mental retardation, brachycephaly, upslanting palpebral fissures, eye abnormalities, and highly arched palate. It was characterized in 1971; eight cases had been identified as of 1995. To date, the amount of cases is disputed, with sources claiming the number ranges from 14 to 31.
Symptoms and signs.
The signs and symptoms of Kaufman oculocerebrofacial syndrome are consistent with the following:
Cause.
The cause of this condition is apparently due to mutation in the UBE3B gene and is inherited via autosomal recessive manner. This gene is located at molecular location- base pairs 109,477,410 to 109,543,628 and position 24.11 on chromosome 12.
Genetics.
The mechanism (or pathogenesis) of Kaufman oculocerebrofacial syndrome appears to begin due to a mutation in the E3 ubiquitin protein ligase. (UBE3B).
One finds that the normal mechanism of UBE3B gene is important in the ubiquitin-proteasome system. The aforementioned system helps to remove proteins that have degraded.
However, when not working properly due to the mutation in the UBE3B gene(at least 15 mutations) results in an unstable UBE3B protein which has a negative effect on the ubiquitin-proteasome system.
Diagnosis.
The diagnosis of Kaufman oculocerebrofacial syndrome can be achieved via molecular testing approaches. Additionally to ascertain if the individual has the condition:
Differential diagnosis.
Kaufman oculocerebrofacial syndrome differential diagnosis consists of:
Management.
Treatment for this condition entails surveillance of growth and contractures. Furthermore, the following are treatment options:

</doc>
<doc id="6958421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958421" title="Scott-Adams">
Scott-Adams



</doc>
<doc id="6958427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958427" title="Ian Cullimore">
Ian Cullimore

Ian H. S. Cullimore is an English-born mathematician and computer scientist who has been influential in the pocket PC arena.
Biography.
Cullimore has a degree in mathematics from King's College London, and a PhD in cognitive and computer science from the University of Sussex.
He was the original founder (in 1985) and main inventor of the pocket PC which became the Atari Portfolio (originally known as the "DIP Pocket PC") in 1989. DIP Research Ltd. was acquired by Phoenix Technologies in 1994.
In 1988 Cullimore was also one of the founders and Vice President of Software at Poqet Computer Corporation in Silicon Valley, where he developed the Poqet PC.
His interest in PDAs was sparked from his early times at Psion, working on the first Organiser products.
He was also the original instigator of the PC Card (formerly "PCMCIA Card") movement. This came about from his decision to use the then-emerging credit card memories in the design of the Atari Portfolio. On founding Poqet, and with major investment from Fujitsu, a decision was made to use the 68-pin JEIDA card. He successfully persuaded the board of Poqet to set up an industry standards organization, PCMCIA, to promote this as a standard.
Cullimore wrote parts of the PCMCIA driver stack for (NetWare) PalmDOS 1.0, a variant of Digital Research's DR DOS, tailored specifically at battery powered mobile PCs in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="6958434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958434" title="Bumblebee shrimp">
Bumblebee shrimp



</doc>
<doc id="6958437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958437" title="Anesthesia of the brachial plexus">
Anesthesia of the brachial plexus



</doc>
<doc id="6958442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958442" title="River Ellen">
River Ellen

The Ellen is a river in the English county of Cumbria, flowing from Skiddaw in the Northern Fells to the Solway Firth at Maryport. It was historically in the county of Cumberland. It is approximately in length.
Etymology.
The River Ellen gets its name from Common Brythonic "*Alünā". "*Alünā" has an uncertain etymology but might come from Proto-Indo-European "*ala" meaning 'water'. Alternatively the name "*Alünā" could be derived from "Alaunos" or "Alaunā". Names of this type could derive from the Celtic root *"al"- ('feed, raise, nurture') or *"alǝ"- (to wander'), or else from the Brittonic element "*al-", "shining, bright" (Welsh "alaw", 'waterlilly'). Another suggestion is that the name is derived from the Brittonic root "*Alaun-" (‘holy one’ or ‘mighty one’).
Course.
The river rises on the Skiddaw massif, and runs in a generally westerly direction, passing Uldale, Ireby, Boltongate, Baggrow and Blennerhasset parish boundary and Aspatria. From there, it continues southwest (instead of more northwesterly) past Oughterside, Gilcrux, Bullgill, Crosby and Dearham, and skirts the grounds of Netherhall School before flowing into the Solway Firth at Maryport.
Fish.
The river contains populations of brown trout, eels, lamprey, minnows, salmon, sea trout, and stickleback.
Sewage contamination.
In 2023, it was reported that a pipe owned by the water company United Utilities had discharged sewage into the river for almost 7,000 hours in 2022.

</doc>
<doc id="6958443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958443" title="Epperson v. arkansas">
Epperson v. arkansas



</doc>
<doc id="6958444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958444" title="The Underground (TV series)">
The Underground (TV series)

The Underground is a sketch comedy television series produced by and starring Damon Wayans. It aired on Showtime. Wayans describes the show as ""In Living Color" on steroids." The show features raunchy behavior and as Wayans states in his opening monologue, "We decided to test the limits."
The description of the show information is "The future of comedy is here in Damon Wayan's hilarious and uninhibited comedy sketch show where no topic or taboo goes unturned."

</doc>
<doc id="6958449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958449" title="Collina d'Oro">
Collina d'Oro

Collina d'Oro () is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was formed from the 2004 union of the villages of Agra, Gentilino, and Montagnola. On 1 April 2012, it incorporated the formerly independent municipality of Carabietta.
History.
Gentilino is first mentioned in 1210 as "Gentarino". Montagnola is first mentioned in 1226 as "Montegnola'.
Agra.
The hamlet of Bigogno, which is part of Agra, is first mentioned in 1270 in an inventory of the lands of the monastery of S. Abbondio in Como in the Valle di Lugano. The inventory of Como Cathedral (1298) mentions their allodial titles and episcopal loans in Agra as well as possessions of the Disentis Abbey. The same document also mentions the church of S. Tommaso in Agra. The church initially belonged to the parish of S. Pietro in Pambio and then became an under-parish in 1591. The Chapel of S. Assunta in Bigogno was completed before 1609. In the statutes of Como from 1335, the "Concilium" or "Vicinanza" of Agra and Premona or Barbengo is first mentioned.
In addition to agriculture, the village was once famous for training and sending artisans to Russia along with other European nations. In 1912 a regional sanatorium opened in the village. It was a residence to for many, especially German-speaking, notables and intellectuals. They published the monthly magazine "Die Terrasse" (The Terrace) from the sanatorium. It was closed in 1969 and fell into disrepair.
Gentilino.
In the Early Middle Ages Gentilino belonged to the royal court of Agnuzzo, which was donated in 818 by Emperor Louis the Pious to the clergy of Como. During the 11th century it belonged to the monastery of S. Abbondio in Como. The union of the monastic estates in 1335 probably led to the creation of the "Concilium Sancti Abundii" which included Gentilino and Viglio as well as Montagnola and the surrounding villages. In the early 18th century, the village wanted to buy the monastery's rights to the village. However, this triggered a long-running dispute, in which the Canton was eventually involved.
It is believed that the church of S. Abbondio was the center of a medieval parish, which became a sub-parish in the 11th century. However, the first written record of the church dates from 1140. The current appearance is due to an enlargement in the 17th century.
In the past centuries, the population lived mainly from agriculture, but there were also a large exodus of builders (known as "Maestranze"). Recently, it has grown into a bedroom community for the nearby city of Lugano.
Montagnola.
The merger of several formerly separate properties of the monastery of S. Abbondio in Como in 1535, led to the establishment of the "Concilium Sancti Abundii" which covered not only Gentilino but the village of Montagnola with the hamlets of Vigilio, Orino, Arasio, Certenago, Poprino, Barca and Scairolo. An inventory of the monastery mentioned the presence of a fortress at Arasio.
Montagnola belongs to the parish of S. Abbondio at Gentilino. The chapels in S. Silvestro in Arasio and SS Nazaro in Celso were first mentioned in 1270 and 1442 respectively.
The local economy was based on agriculture as well as emigration of architects and builders from the Gilardi, Lucchini, Berra and Camuzzi families into various European countries, especially Russia. Several of these builders were able to create major works in these foreign cities and rise to great fame. The pleasant climate and attractive location of the village attracted many illustrious personalities from abroad, including the writer Hermann Hesse. A museum to the writer opened in 1997. Between 1923 and 1927 it was the seat of the prestigious "Officina Bodoni", the printing shop of Hans (later Giovanni) Mardersteig. Since 1956, Montagnola is home to an international school, The American School In Switzerland. Due to its proximity to Lugano, Montagnola is now a kind of residential suburb of the city.
Carabietta.
Carabietta is first mentioned in 1335 as "Carabio". In 1375 it was mentioned as "La Carabieta".
At the end of the 14th century, it belonged to the Pieve of Agno, and in the 15th and 16th centuries to the Pieve of Lugano. It eventually became a dependent of the parish church of Morcote. Between 1803 and 1816, Carabietta belonged to the political municipality of Morcote. During the Middle Ages (documented first in 1355) and under the Swiss Confederation (reconfirmed in 1664 and 1784), the village was granted the status as an imperial "cassina" or a village that was exempt from taxes.
The church of San Bernardo was built in 1634, and stands on the foundations of a late-medieval church.
The residents of the village supplemented their income from agriculture through money sent back by emigrants.
Carabietta was one of the smallest municipalities of Ticino. It was developing gradually into a small commuter town.
Geography.
Collina d'Oro has an area, , of . Of this area, 11.8% is used for agricultural purposes, while 51.5% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 36.2% is settled (buildings or roads) and or 0.5% is unproductive land.
Lago di Muzzano is shared with the neighboring municipalities.
The village of Agra is located at an elevation of at the foot of Monte Crocione. Until the merger, the village of Gentilino included the north side of the Collina d'Oro valley, and the settlement of Viglio. The former municipality of Montagnola stretched over the central portion of the Collina d'Oro valley from the Bay of Agno to Pian Scairolo, and included a number of villages. Carabietta was located in the Lugano district, on the Agno arm of Lake Lugano.
Demographics.
Collina d'Oro has a population () of . , 28.5% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 21.1%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (74.9%), with German being second most common (10.6%) and English being third (5.0%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 47.9% male and 52.1% female. The population was made up of 1,457 Swiss men (32.5% of the population), and 694 (15.5%) non-Swiss men. There were 1,677 Swiss women (37.4%), and 658 (14.7%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 29 live births to Swiss citizens and 8 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 26 deaths of Swiss citizens and 3 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 3 while the foreign population increased by 5. There were 3 Swiss men who immigrated back to Switzerland and 1 Swiss woman who emigrated from Switzerland. At the same time, there were 31 non-Swiss men and 31 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 10 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 26 people. This represents a population growth rate of 0.8%.
The age distribution, , in Collina d'Oro is; 429 children or 9.6% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 714 teenagers or 15.9% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 368 people or 8.2% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 564 people or 12.6% are between 30 and 39, 714 people or 15.9% are between 40 and 49, and 613 people or 13.7% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 519 people or 11.6% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 341 people or 7.6% are between 70 and 79, there are 224 people or 5.0% who are over 80.
Historic Population.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 37.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (17.98%), the Ticino League (13.71%) and the SVP (12.98%). In the federal election, a total of 1,369 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 51.3%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 2,661 registered voters in Collina d'Oro, of which 1,727 or 64.9% voted. 23 blank ballots and 3 null ballots were cast, leaving 1,701 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 613 or 36.0% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 276 or 16.2%), the SSI (with 258 or 15.2%) and the PPD+GenGiova (with 207 or 12.2%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 12 blank ballots and 8 null ballots were cast, leaving 1,706 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 599 or 35.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 370 or 21.7%), the SSI (with 221 or 13.0%) and the PS (with 214 or 12.5%).
Education.
In Collina d'Oro about 81% of the population (between age 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule").
In Collina d'Oro there were a total of 751 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Collina d'Oro there were 126 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 334 students attended the standard primary schools and 5 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 143 students in the two-year middle school and 2 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 90 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 21 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 26 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 4 students in the professional program.
Primary and secondary schools.
The primary school is located in Montagnola, and there are pre-primary schools in both Montagnola and Gentilino.
The American School In Switzerland is located in Montagnola.
Public libraries.
The "La Biblioteca comunale di Collina d'Oro" is located in Montagnola, in proximity to the communal school. The library opened in 1990.
Economy.
, Collina d'Oro had an unemployment rate of 2.58%. , there were 31 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 8 businesses involved in this sector. 703 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 26 businesses in this sector. 1,016 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 161 businesses in this sector. Of the working population, 8% used public transportation to get to work, and 65.6% used a private car.
, there were 4 hotels in Collina d'Oro with a total of 40 rooms and 79 beds.
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Camuzzi House, Cimitero and Parish Church of S. Abbondio, with Ossuary and "Via Crucis" are listed as Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Notable residents.
Montagnola was the home for over thirty years of the writer and Nobel laureate Hermann Hesse until his death in 1962. He is buried in Gentilino's San Abbondio cemetery.
Housing.
, there were 1,545 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.3 persons per household. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.45%. , the construction rate of new housing units was 3.6 new units per 1000 residents.
Transport &amp; Sport.
The northern part of the municipality is served by Cappella-Agnuzzo station on the Lugano–Ponte Tresa railway. The station is served by regular trains, operating every 15 minutes during weekday daytime, and every half-hour at other times. Collina d'Oro is also served by buses of the Autopostale.
The city has 2 main sport facilities: Centro Ricreativo and Campo Campari both located in Gentilino. In Campo Campari plays the official football team of Collina D'oro

</doc>
<doc id="6958450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958450" title="John Hewitt (footballer)">
John Hewitt (footballer)

John Hewitt (born 9 February 1963) is a Scottish former footballer and manager, who spent the majority of his playing career with Aberdeen, but also had spells with Celtic and St Mirren among others. He also spent a short time in management in Ireland with Dundalk before retiring from the game.
He is best known as the scorer of a number of significant goals for Aberdeen, including the winning goal in the 1983 Cup Winners' Cup final. He was inducted into the Aberdeen FC "Hall of Fame" as one of the founding members in 2003.
Playing career.
Hewitt was a product of Cornhill Primary and Middlefield Boys' Club in Aberdeen, and was a schoolboy international before signing for Aberdeen, the club he had supported as a boy, in the face of competition from a number of other clubs. He made his full debut for Aberdeen in 1979 at the age of 17, and by the 1981–82 season had become a regular in the side. in January 1982, Hewitt scored the only goal of the game in a third round Scottish Cup tie against Motherwell. This goal, timed at 9.6 seconds, was not only the fastest recorded in Scottish Cup history, but proved to be the first step in Aberdeen's route to the following season's European success; the club qualified for the Cup Winners' Cup by going on to win the Scottish Cup that season.
The following season, Hewitt again featured prominently for Aberdeen, but it is for two substitute appearances in Europe that he is best known. On 16 March 1983, Hewitt came off the bench to score the winning goal in the Cup Winners' Cup quarter-final tie against Bayern Munich, and then repeated the feat by scoring the winner in extra time in the final against Real Madrid.
Hewitt also scored twice in the 1986 Scottish Cup final against Hearts – a game in which he was named Man of the match. In all, he won three championship medals, four Scottish Cup winners medals, one Scottish League Cup winners medal as well as the Cup Winners' Cup and the following season's European Super Cup while at Aberdeen.
In 1989, Hewitt moved to Celtic, but failed to break into the first team on a regular basis, and subsequently spent four more successful seasons with St Mirren. A short, unsuccessful spell as player-manager of Dundalk was notable only for the fact that he scored the only goal of a pre-season friendly game against Aberdeen. Hewitt retired from the game after a season as assistant manager to his former Aberdeen team-mate Doug Rougvie at Cove Rangers.
Honours.
Aberdeen

</doc>
<doc id="6958453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958453" title="Durlan">
Durlan

Durlan (Serbian Cyrillic: Дуpлaн) is a neighborhood of the city of Niš, Serbia. It is located within Niš municipality of Pantelej.
Location.
Durlan is located in the north-eastern outskirt of Niš. It is flat and bordered on the south by the Nišava river, on the east by Vrežina, on the north by the E80 road. The main street is named "Knjaževačka".
History.
It is one of the newest neighborhoods of Niš built mostly after World War II. Durlan was named by the Aromanian settlers that emigrated from the area of today's North Macedonia and settled in surrounding villages by the 18th century, after the Aromanian word "durlan", meaning "ghetto".
Characteristics.
Durlan is mostly residential. Individual family houses comprise most of the neighborhood, with notable exception of three large residential blocks built in the late 1970s, in the central area. These residential blocks are a local landmark. There is also a farmers' market ("Durlanska pijaca"/Дурланска пијаца). Durlan residents are known as "Durlanci" (Дурланци).
Sports.
The city government designated an area in the neighborhood for a sports center, which is already partially constructed. Durlan is also where the football team FK Sinđelić Niš is located.

</doc>
<doc id="6958464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958464" title="Born (song)">
Born (song)

"Born" is a song written and performed by Barry Gibb that was included on his originally unreleased debut album, "The Kid's No Good" in 1970. On the Ladybird version of the album, the song was the 12th track. It was one of the first songs he recorded for his first solo album. The song's style was closer to the 1971 song "Everybody Clap" by Lulu.
Recording.
It was recorded on 22 February 1970 along with "A Child, A Girl, A Woman", "Mando Bay", "Clyde O'Reilly" and "Peace in My Mind". The song was covered by P.P. Arnold twice; the first was recorded on 4 April 1970 along with "Happiness" (also a Barry Gibb song), as well as cover versions of "You've Made Me So Very Happy" and "Spinning Wheel", the session was produced by Gibb himself, the second version was recorded on 10 June 1970. The second recording is called "Born to Be Free" in the tape library, Gibb's version contains the line 'born to be free', and that second recording was the last session of Arnold produced by Gibb.
The musicians played on the lead guitar and drums on Gibb's version were not credited. The harmony on the Gibb recording was sung by Gibb himself and Arnold. The song also features Arnold's falsetto in response to Barry's line 'I was born to be free'.

</doc>
<doc id="6958465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958465" title="Human Resources, Science and Technology Committee">
Human Resources, Science and Technology Committee



</doc>
<doc id="6958488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958488" title="House International Relations Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific">
House International Relations Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific



</doc>
<doc id="6958490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958490" title="Tony Cornero">
Tony Cornero



</doc>
<doc id="6958504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958504" title="Vale of Llangollen Railway">
Vale of Llangollen Railway

The Vale of Llangollen Railway was built as a spur from the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway south of Ruabon to the town of Llangollen. The line was built along the northern side of the Dee Valley and authorized by an act of Parliament, the (22 &amp; 23 Vict. c. lxiv), on 1 August 1859. It was initially opened for goods only on 1 December 1861 and to passenger traffic on 2 June 1862, and was worked from the outset by the Great Western Railway.
The line ran from Llangollen Line Junction (0 miles 54 chains) and served Acrefair, Trevor (and Sun Bank Halt from 1905), before terminating at a temporary station in the east of Llangollen. In 1865 the line was extended by another Great Western Railway-backed line, the Llangollen &amp; Corwen Railway, with the line using a new permanent station in Llangollen.
The Vale of Llangollen Railway Company was amalgamated with Great Western as from 1 July 1896 by means of the Great Western Railway (Additional Powers) Act 1896 (59 &amp; 60 Vict. c. ccxxxii) of 7 August 1896.
The line today.
The disused trackbed between Ruabon (the former Llangollen Line Junction) and the eastern outskirts of Llangollen is still visible and largely intact. However, there is little trace of the line on its approach to Llangollen station, as a number of apartments, new houses and a health centre have been built on the formation.
The extension of the Vale of Llangollen Railway from Llangollen to Corwen, which opened in 1865, still exists as the preserved Llangollen Railway

</doc>
<doc id="6958506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958506" title="Josephs Well">
Josephs Well

The Well (formerly known as Joseph's Well) was a well-known music venue in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
Bands such as The Idlers, Caliban, The Chariot, The Killers, Editors, We Are Scientists, Bloc Party, Shame About Hayley, Kaiser Chiefs, Keane, Isis, …And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead, The Distillers, Dugong, Against Me!, Strike Anywhere, Fun and Chimaira played there over the years.
Location.
The Well is behind the Leeds General Infirmary in Leeds City Centre on Chorley Lane.
Closure.
The Well had announced its closing several times, and held its final show on 23 December 2012, featuring local folk punk artist Jimmy Holland. 

</doc>
<doc id="6958511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958511" title="Presiding Officer of the National Assembly">
Presiding Officer of the National Assembly



</doc>
<doc id="6958512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958512" title="Widford">
Widford

Widford may refer to the following places in England:

</doc>
<doc id="6958514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958514" title="Michael Rossman">
Michael Rossman



</doc>
<doc id="6958518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958518" title="Business Process Transformation">
Business Process Transformation



</doc>
<doc id="6958523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958523" title="Avex Records">
Avex Records



</doc>
<doc id="6958527" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958527" title="Central African Mission">
Central African Mission



</doc>
<doc id="6958533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958533" title="Monicle">
Monicle



</doc>
<doc id="6958534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958534" title="Dwyfor and Meirionydd">
Dwyfor and Meirionydd



</doc>
<doc id="6958543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958543" title="Device Server">
Device Server



</doc>
<doc id="6958557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958557" title="Mount Macedon, Victoria">
Mount Macedon, Victoria

Mount Macedon ( ) is a town north-west of Melbourne in the Australian state of Victoria. The town is located below the mountain of the same name, which rises to . At the 2016 census, Mount Macedon had a population of and is best known for its collection of 19th-century gardens and associated extravagant large homes.
The Mount Macedon gardens area is considered by the National Trust of Australia (Victoria) to be of National Significance, as an area containing gardens and properties of outstanding significance, with a ""wide range of rare and unusual trees and plants, probably the best concentration of such vegetation in Victoria outside the Royal Botanic Gardens", featuring "surviving examples of work of some of Victoria's most important garden designers"" and as such, it is "the most representative area of hill station gardens in Victoria, and with Mount Wilson and the Adelaide Hills, amongst the best in Australia".
Features and location.
Mount Macedon township was largely established by Melbourne's wealthy elite in the post-gold rush era of the mid to late 19th century who used it as a summer retreat. The post office opened on 18 July 1870, known as Upper Macedon until 1879 and Macedon Upper until 1936. An earlier (1843) post office (previously) named Mount Macedon is located in Kyneton. It was renamed Kyneton (post office) on 1 January 1854. Kyneton.
Due to its relatively high elevation of approximately , the area experiences much cooler temperatures on average relative to nearby Melbourne. The area also receives high rainfall relative to the surrounding plains and much of the Melbourne area. This combination of geographic factors has contributed to the town's reputation as a resort town and wine region.
Snowfall is a fairly regular feature on the higher elevations of the mountain, although the peak of the mountain is marginally too low for snowfalls to lie on the ground for more than a few days in most instances. Occasionally, the lower parts of the town experience snowfalls and on occasion these have been substantial.
The gardens and homes of Mount Macedon are well known for their size and scale, some of which contain collections of exotic plants that are rare in cultivation.
Mountain.
The mountain is known as "Geboor" or "Geburrh" in the Aboriginal Woiwurrung language of the Wurundjeri people.
The Mount Macedon area also comprises a second important peak, the Camel's Hump or Camels Hump, rising to above sea level. The volcanic trachyte rock of the crag is used by rock climbers and the mountain has become a sport climbing venue due to its proximity to Melbourne.
History.
The mountain was sighted by Hamilton Hume and William Hovell on their 1824 expedition to Port Phillip from NSW. They named it Mount Wentworth.
It was renamed Mount Macedon by explorer Major Thomas Mitchell who ascended the mountain in 1836. He named it after Philip of Macedon in honour of the fact that he was able to view Port Philip from the summit. Several other geographic features along the path of his third "Australia Felix" expedition were named after figures of Ancient Macedonia including the nearby Campaspe River and Mount Alexander near Castlemaine (named after Alexander the Great).
Heritage.
Government house.
The newspaper proprietor, David Syme, built 'Rosenheim' on 24 hectares in 1869. It was acquired in 1886 for successive Victoria Governors. The state parliament approved funds of £12,000 to purchase a Government house near the top of Mount Macedon as the location of the official summer residence of the Governor of Victoria in the late 1880s. It was renovated in 1892. By the 1930s the residence was commonly referred to as Government Cottage. The residence was described in 1933 as an ""estate consists of slightly more than 54 acres at Upper Macedon, two and a half miles from the Macedon railway station. There is a two-storied wooden building of 31 rooms, besides four bathrooms and six storerooms, as well as six detached rooms for servants' quarters, an entrance lodge containing, four rooms and stabling and garage."
The official residence and land was sold for £5,600 in 1934 via public auction to raise funds in the post-Depression economy and as the Premier at the time, Sir Stanley Argyle, said "the estate no longer justified itself because none of the recent Governors had made much use of it"". See section below in Notable Houses.
Barbours Tramway and Log Chute.
The heritage-listed Barbours Tramway and Log Chute is located on the northern slopes of Mount Macedon inside the Macedon Regional Park. It was constructed around 1856, to remove logs from the plateau down to Robert Barbour's Black Forest Sawmill. The tramway brought logs to the head of a chute above the mill. Remnants of the tramway include ""a substantial cutting and embankment, and a well-defined chute impression extending about 500 metres down the mountain".
The site is the oldest known log chute in Victoria and one of the oldest extant sections of tramway in Victoria
Macedon Sanatorium for Consumptives.
Mount Macedon was the site of the controversial Macedon Sanatorium for Consumptives, which treated Tuberculosis patients in the early 20th century. It was opened in 1898 and was described in The Age at the time "on the slope of one of the hills in Upper Macedon, about 2500 feet above sea level, in a climate which has been tested for many years, and proved exceedingly efficacious in cases of lung disease". The site, which covered 200-300 acres, was sold by the state government "in small blocks for residential purposes"" in 1910.
Annis and George Bills Horse Trough.
Situated on Mt Macedon Road is an example of an Annis &amp; George Bills Horse Trough, which was installed by a memorial trust set up by Mr George Bills. It is one of 500 horse troughs donated free of charge to towns across NSW and Victoria to grant Mr. Bill's wish that "no animals to go thirsty".
Australian Civil Defence School.
The Australian Civil Defence School was opened at Mount Macedon on 2nd July 1956 by Hon Allen Fairhall, MP, the Commonwealth Minister for the Interior and Works, who said it satisfied the "need for a civil defence program aimed at offering maximum protection from the effects of hostilities on Australian soil to all Australians". Instructional courses began in 1956 with training centred on protection of the civil population against hostile acts. After the late 1960's the focus changed to natural and man-made disasters. It was renamed to the Australian Emergency Management Institute (AEMI) in 1993. The Abbott federal government decided to close the AEMI in 2015 and transition it into a Canberra based "virtual" institute, citing a budget saving of $900,000.
Attractions.
Memorial Cross.
One of the major attractions of Mount Macedon is the high memorial cross which stands near the summit of the mountain. This structure was established by early resident William Cameron in 1935 as a memorial to those who died in World War I. The view from the summit of Mount Macedon takes in Melbourne city, the Dandenong Ranges and the You Yangs near Geelong.
Forestry.
Another attraction of the Mount Macedon area is the extensive native forests that cover the mountain and surround the town.
Intense harvesting of the native timber on the slopes of Mount Macedon for building and use in the gold mining industry in the early 19th century resulted in the rapid deforestation of the area, to the extent that efforts to replant the forests were undertaken in the late 1880s.
Much of the forest on Mount Macedon consists of wet sclerophyll communities which are more commonly associated with areas east of Melbourne. Alpine ash ("Eucalyptus delegatensis") occurs here at the western extent of its range and mountain ash ("Eucalyptus regnans") at the northwestern extent of its range. Snow gums ("Eucalyptus pauciflora") are also found on the highest peaks. A large area of the Macedon Ranges forest is included in the Macedon Regional Park, managed by Parks Victoria.
The area was devastated by the 1983 Ash Wednesday fires, including 80 hectares of snow gum ("Eucalyptus pauciflora") and alpine ash ("Eucalyptus delegatensis") and 150 hectares of soft wood timber plantation; however, the forests and gardens have since regrown.
Honour Avenue.
Over 150 oak trees line the famous Honour Avenue, located in the heart of the town at the base of Mount Macedon. In autumn, particularly between March and May, the oak trees turn bright with colour, attracting significant amounts of tourists and visitors. Honour Avenue may be closed for cars during peak season to allow visitors to walk its length. 
Victorian Emergency Management Institute.
The Victorian Emergency Management Institute (VEMI) is located on Mt Macedon Road and was opened in 2018. It is operated by the Victorian government's Emergency Management Victoria (EMV) to provide training to Victoria's emergency management organisations and community groups. The 6.5 ha site, which was occupied by the Commonweath's former Australian Emergency Management Institute from 1956 to 2015, has 52 rooms of accommodation, a 75 seat lecture theatre as well as teaching facilities.
Film industry.
Mount Macedon has been used as a filming location by some US film production companies, due to lower costs associated with filming outside the US, and the architecture and horticulture of the area closely resembling places in the Northern Hemisphere with an abundance of deciduous trees.
The 2009 Nicolas Cage film "Knowing" was filmed in locations in the township, along with nearby Macedon, and "Don't Be Afraid of the Dark" was also filmed in the town over the 2009 winter. Scenes in "Where the Wild Things Are" were filmed in the forest surrounding Mount Macedon.
Parts of the Liam Neeson film Blacklight (film) (2022) were filmed in Macedon township, notably the trailer park scene.
Sport.
Golfers play at the course of the Mount Macedon Golf Club on Mount Macedon Road.
An annual tennis tournament was held in January in Mount Macedon for a period in the 1930s.
Fox hunting in the surrounding forest was popular in the early nineteenth century, although native animals were frequently encountered and killed.

</doc>
<doc id="6958562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958562" title="Research International">
Research International

Research International was a British-based international marketing research company, created in 1962 as a daughter company of Unilever and originally known as Research Bureau Limited, RBL. The company was the result of a merger of the central Unilever Market Research Department and the research unit of Unilever's in-house advertising agency, Lintas. The purpose was to offer Unilever's long-standing market research know-how as a service to other companies, thus converting two internal cost centres to a profitable daughter company.
In 1966, Eileen Cole, who had worked in Unilever since 1948 and had been an early group leader within Unilever Market Research Department, became the managing director of RBL and began to grow its external business.
In 1973, Unilever created the European Market Research Group (EMRG), an umbrella organisation where RBL and its six overseas subsidiaries (among them SUMA in Belgium, CER in Italy and IFH in Sweden), as well as Unilever's larger marketing research companies in West Germany (IVE), France (SECED) and the Netherlands (Socmar), began to coordinate their activities and offer external clients multinational research reports. Eileen Cole was made its chairman and the German, French and Dutch companies were moved much closer to RBL.
In 1986, the Ogilvy Group acquired RBL and the other EMRG companies from Unilever, and Philip Barnard, who had been working in RBL and various other EMRG companies for many years, became the new MD for the acquired group of companies.
The name Research International had begun as an umbrella brand under which EMRG presented multi-country studies. Eventually the individual companies began to be called Research International UK, Research International Nederland etc. in international presentations, although they retained their legal names locally. In 1986, following the acquisition by Ogily, Research International became the official name for the whole group.
In 1989, Martin Sorrell's WPP Group bought the Ogilvy Group, and in 1993 WPP created Kantar as an umbrella company for its marketing research companies. Research International's Philip Barnard became Kantar's first CEO and chairman. He retired from his post in 1999.
In 2008, WPP acquired the leading marketing research company TNS for Kantar, and the following year all the Research International companies were moved into TNS.

</doc>
<doc id="6958567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958567" title="Naram Garam">
Naram Garam

Naram Garam (meaning: Soft hot) is a 1981 Indian Hindi-language comedy-drama film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee. The film was produced by Subhash Gupta and Uday Narayan Singh and had music by R. D. Burman. It reprises many actors and actresses from the 1979 film"Gol Maal" with the same names. It was also directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee and starred Amol Palekar in the lead and Utpal Dutt won filmfare award best comic role . It was also remade as Krishnaleela in Telugu which was released in 1987.
Plot.
"Naram Garam" is the story of Kusum and her father, who are left homeless due to non-repayment of debts from the local money lender. They are helped by Ramprasad, who is in love with Kusum. Bhavani Shankar, Ramprasad's employer, is feared by his family members and employees, but is himself terrified of his own mother-in-law. Ramprasad helps Bhavani Shankar get the possession of his ancestral home after a 53-year-long legal battle with a squatter and is therefore assigned the responsibility of getting the house back in shape so that it can be re-occupied. In the meanwhile, Kusum and her father come to the shelter of Ramprasad and start staying in the house. Ramprasad doesn't have a house of his own, hence decides to let them stay illegally until he can find an alternative.
When this comes to the knowledge of the estate manager, Gajanan Babu (Suresh Chatwal), he arrives furious and determined to oust the squatters. However, he succumbs to the charms of Kusum and instead of ousting the old man and his daughter, presents a proposal of marriage. Horrified, Kusum and Ramprasad turn to Kali Shankar, a.k.a. Babua, Bhavani Shankar's younger brother, for help. Babua is a garage mechanic and a ruffian with a kind heart for women in distress. He successfully dissuades Gajanan Babu from carrying through with his proposal, but is also determined to oust Kusum and her father. However, he too is captivated by Kusum's beauty and presses his suit. Then Ramprasad finally turns to Bhavani Shankar, who dissuades Babua using his younger brother's fear of him.
Bhavani Prasad comes to his home to oust the illegal residents, but is captivated by Kusum's voice and beauty. Being a very superstitious man and a faithful believer of astrologers, Bhavani Prasad believes that Kusum is the reincarnation of his dead wife Ahilya
. He decides to marry Kusum. Ramprasad finds the situation becoming very sticky, but decides to play along.
Bhavani Shankar takes all the precautions to make sure the marriage would take place secretly, only with Ramprasad's knowledge. However, Ramprasad invites Bhavani Shankar's mother-in-law and daughter to come to the house at exact date and time of the marriage, without telling them of the marriage itself. Bhavani Shankar now finds himself in a flux, not having the courage to get married in their presence. He secretly convinces Ramprasad to marry Kusum instead. Ramprasad negotiates his salary and the house in return of the deal. Thus, Ramprasad and Kusum finally get married and the reality behind the whole affair remains undiscovered.

</doc>
<doc id="6958580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6958580" title="Seille (Saone)">
Seille (Saone)



</doc>
