<doc id="6961829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961829" title="Noel Pemberton Billing">
Noel Pemberton Billing

Noel Pemberton Billing (31 January 1881 – 11 November 1948), sometimes known as Noel Pemberton-Billing, was a British aviator, inventor, publisher and Member of Parliament for Hertford. He founded the firm that became Supermarine and promoted air power, and held a strong antipathy towards the Royal Aircraft Factory and its products. He was noted during the First World War for his populist views and for a sensational libel trial.
Early life and education.
Noel Billing was born in Hampstead, North London, youngest son of Charles Eardley Billing, a Birmingham iron-founder, and Annie Emilia, née Claridge. He was educated at the high school at Hampstead, at Cumming's College, outside Boulogne, at Westcliff College, Ramsgate, and at Craven College, Highgate.
Career.
Billing ran away from home at the age of 13 and travelled to South Africa. After trying a number of occupations, he joined the mounted police and became a boxer. He was also an actor when he took the extra name Pemberton. He fought in the Second Boer War, and was at the Relief of Ladysmith, but was later invalided out.
Billing returned to Britain in 1903 and used his savings to open a garage in Kingston upon Thames. This was successful, but he became more interested in aviation, which was then in its infancy. An attempt to open an aerodrome in Essex failed, so he started a short-lived career in property, while studying to become a lawyer. He passed his exams, but instead moved into selling steam yachts. Convinced of the potential of powered aviation, he founded a flying field with extensive facilities on reclaimed marshland at Fambridge in Essex in 1909, but this ambitious venture did not prosper, British aviation activity becoming centred at Brooklands. In 1913, he bet Frederick Handley Page that he could earn his pilot's licence within 24 hours of first sitting in an aircraft. He won his bet, gaining licence number 683 and £500, equivalent to more than £28,000 in 2010, which he used to found an aircraft business, Pemberton-Billing Ltd, with Hubert Scott-Paine as works manager, in 1913. Billing registered the telegraphic address "Supermarine, Southampton" for the company, which soon acquired premises at Oakbank Wharf in Woolston, Southampton, and started construction of his flying boat designs. Financial difficulties soon set in, but the onset of the First World War revived the fortunes of the business.
In 1914, Billing joined the Royal Naval Air Service and in October was granted a temporary commission as a lieutenant. He was involved in the air raid on Zeppelin sheds near Lake Constance made in November 1914. He was able to sell his share in the aviation firm to Scott-Paine in early 1916, who renamed the firm Supermarine Aviation Works Limited after the company's telegraphic address.
Politics.
Parliament.
As a man of means, Billing contested the Mile End by-election in 1916 as an independent candidate, but was not successful. He then contested and won the March 1916 by-election in Hertford.
In parliament, Billing consistently advocated the creation of an air force, retaliation against German air raids, that action be taken against war profiteering and that action be taken to lessen the influence of Germans in Britain. In asking awkward questions of the government he was usually supported by Arthur Lynch.
In 1917, after an altercation in parliament, Noel Pemberton Billing offered Martin Archer-Shee MP a duel by boxing in public for charity, but Archer-Shee declined.
Following a disagreement over parliamentary procedure and with Billing refusing to sit down while "Germans are running about this country" Billing was ejected from the House of Commons and suspended as an MP on 1 July 1918. Because Billing refused to leave the chamber even after the House had voted to suspend him, and the Serjeant at Arms had then asked him to leave, he was automatically suspended for the rest of that parliamentary session, rather than the usual five days.
At the 1918 general election, he was one of the few candidates to beat a Coalition Coupon candidate and he doubled his majority.
He resigned his seat in 1921 by accepting the Stewardship of the Manor of Northstead, citing that the House of Commons had been rendered "unwholesome and unfair" by Lloyd George "at the instigation of a camarilla of International financiers".
Advocacy of air power.
During the First World War, he was notable for his support of air power, constantly accusing the government of neglecting the issue and advocating the creation of a separate air force, unattached to either the British Army or the Royal Navy. During the so-called "Fokker scourge" of late 1915 and early 1916, he became particularly vocal against the Royal Aircraft Factory and its products, raising the question in typically exaggerated terms once he entered parliament. His prejudice against the Factory and its products persisted, and was very influential. He called for air raids against German cities. In 1917, he published "Air War and How to Wage it", which emphasised the future role of raids on cities and the need to develop protective measures. His own eccentric quadraplane design for a home defence fighter, the heavily armed and searchlight-equipped "Supermarine Nighthawk", was built in prototype but had insufficient performance to be of any use against Zeppelins.
Publishing and libel trial.
In late 1916, Billing founded and edited a weekly journal, The "Imperialist". The journal supported his parliamentary campaigns, also advocating equal voting rights for men and women and electoral reform. The journal was renamed "Vigilante" in 1918 to reflect his campaign for a Vigilance Committee.
In 1918, Captain Harold Sherwood Spencer became assistant editor and the journal was increasingly left in Spencer's hands. John Henry Clarke and Henry Hamilton Beamish began to write for "Vigilante", and promoted antisemitic conspiracy theories, claiming "the British war effort was being undermined by the "hidden hand" of German sympathisers and German Jews operating in Britain". The journal included attacks on "Jews, German music, Pacifism, Fabianism, Aliens, Financiers, Internationalism, and the Brotherhood of Man". 
The journal's most famous articles were largely written by Spencer, but under Billing's name, in which it was claimed that the Germans were blackmailing "47,000 highly placed British perverts" to "propagate evils which all decent men thought had perished in Sodom and Lesbia". The names were said to be inscribed in the "Berlin Black Book" of the Mbret of Albania. The contents of this book revealed that the Germans planned on "exterminating the manhood of Britain" by luring men into homosexuality and paedophilia. "Even to loiter in the streets was not immune. Meretricious agents of the Kaiser were stationed at such places as Marble Arch and Hyde Park Corner. In this black book of sin details were given of the unnatural defloration of children ... wives of men in supreme positions were entangled. In Lesbian ecstasy the most sacred secrets of the state were threatened." He publicly attacked Margot Asquith, the wife of the prime minister, hinting that she was caught up in this. He also targeted members of the circle around Robbie Ross, the literary executor of Oscar Wilde, who supported and introduced homosexual poets and writers.
He published an article, "The Cult of the Clitoris", which implied that the actress Maud Allan, then appearing in a private production of "Salome" organised by Ross, was a lesbian associate of the conspirators. This led to a sensational libel case, at which Billing represented himself and won. Lord Alfred Douglas, a former lover of Oscar Wilde, testified in Billing's favour, as did Billing's mistress Eileen Villiers-Stuart. Villiers-Stuart claimed to have seen the "Black Book" and even asserted in court that the judge, Charles Darling, was in the book.
Billing's victory in this case created significant popular publicity. He later indicated he had never believed such a book existed, but that the whole matter had been "to frighten off those in prominent positions whose sexual tastes could have led to them being blackmailed by German agents". Michael Kettle in his book, "Salome's Last Veil: The Libel Case of the Century", claimed that the Maud Allan libel case was part of a plot by generals to stop Lloyd George from making an early peace with Germany.
Vigilance Committee.
While air power was his main overarching concern Pemberton Billing's primary political campaign was for the establishment of a committee of nine Independent politicians who would watch over the government in the House of Commons. He was highly critical of party politics believing it was a "disease" which made all governments "corrupt". The name was explicitly in reference to the San Francisco Committee of Vigilance.
He then created a Vigilance Society to stand in the elections. The society was disbanded in 1919 as Billing became disillusioned with Spencer, Beamish and Clarke.
Inter-war years.
Following the Russian Revolution, Billing began to express strong anti-communist viewpoints, and, in 1919, he supported British military intervention against the Bolsheviks in Russia.
After the war, he suffered increasingly from health problems, which contributed to his temporary retirement from politics in 1921. He dramatically resigned his seat in parliament, urging his constituents not to vote in the consequent by-election. However, he continued to remain active writing literary works and producing films. In 1927, Billing wrote a play, "High Treason", inspired by Fritz Lang's film "Metropolis". It was a sci-fi drama about pacifism set in a future 1940 (later changed to 1950), when a "United States of Europe" comes into conflict with the "Empire of the Atlantic States". In 1929, Maurice Elvey made a film of the play, using the same title. It was released in two versions, one silent and the other an early "talkie", but neither proved successful.
He stood again for Hertford in the 1929 general election, coming second. In 1938, he registered his protest against Neville Chamberlain's Munich Agreement in a booklet.
Australia.
Billing emigrated to Australia after the First World War.
It was in Australia that he patented a recording system intended to produce laterally-cut disc records with ten times the capacity of existing systems. Billing's "World Record Controller" fitted onto a standard spring-wound gramophone, using a progressive gearing system to initially slow the turntable speed from 78 rpm to 33 rpm and then gradually increase rotational speed of the record as it played, so that the linear speed at which the recorded groove passed the needle remained constant. That allowed over ten minutes playing time per 12-inch side of the records, but the high cost of the long-playing discs (10 shillings apiece), the fact that the speed varied, and the complexity of the playback attachment, prevented popular acceptance.
In 1923, Billing set up a disc recording plant under the name World Record (Australia) Limited. The plant was in Bay Street Brighton, a suburb of Melbourne, from where he produced his 78 rpm to 33 rpm discs. The plant was also the base for radio station 3PB, which he established in August 1925 for the purpose of broadcasting the company’s recordings. It was a limited "manufacturers' licence", a type which was only available during the first few years of wireless broadcasting in Australia. 3PB was only on the air for four months.
The first recording made by World Record (Australia) was released in July 1925, and featured Bert Ralton’s Havana Band, then performing at the Esplanade Hotel in the Melbourne suburb of St Kilda.
Other inventions.
A further musical invention, the "Duophone" unbreakable record, appeared in 1925, but was discontinued in 1930 as its material rapidly wore out needles and most Duophone recordings were made by the obsolete acoustical process.
In 1936, Billing designed the miniature LeCoultre Compass camera. In 1948, he devised the "Phantom" camera to be used by spies. It never entered production, but its rarity led one to sell for £120,000, a record price for any camera, in 2001.
Shortly before the Second World War, Billing claimed to have invented an uncrewed flying bomb, but the design was not pursued.
Second World War.
In 1941, Billing attempted to return to politics, seeking to replicate his success during the First World War as a critic of the conduct of the war. He advocated the defeat of Germany by bombing alone, and the defence of Britain by a system of spaced light-beams directed upwards, which would confuse enemy bombers. Billing also proposed a post-war reform of the British constitution, arguing that general elections should be abolished in favour of a rolling programme of by-elections and that a new second chamber should be created, appointed from representatives of trades and professions. He also argued that there should be a separate "Women's parliament" dedicated to "domestic" matters. He stood in four by-elections, most notably in Hornsey in 1941, but he was unable to win a seat in parliament at any of them.
Personal life.
In 1903, Billing married Lilian Maud (died 1923), daughter of Theodore Henry Schweitzer, of Bristol; they had no children. Billing died on 11 November 1948 at the age of 67, aboard his motor-yacht, "Commodore", at The Quay, Burnham-on-Crouch, Essex.
Representations in literature.
The novelist Pat Barker's award-winning First World War trilogy – "Regeneration", "The Eye in the Door" and "The Ghost Road" – was set against the backdrop of Billing's libel case, with several characters mentioning his ominous black book. The middle novel, in particular, deals with the psychiatric treatment of soldiers torn between patriotism and pacifism, and between homosexuality and heterosexuality.
Billing and the libel case brought by Maud Allan are also discussed in "After Sappho" by Selby Wynn Schwartz - “We feared that Noel Pemberton Billing and his ilk had destroyed half a century of our careful becoming. We had not foreseen that a hysterical mob might drag us back to the years when X was imprisoned in an asylum and Rina Faccio sentenced to marriage under Article 554. We were plunged back into a history we had barely survived the first time.”

</doc>
<doc id="6961831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961831" title="Russo-Kazan Wars">
Russo-Kazan Wars

The Russo-Kazan Wars were a series of short, intermittent wars fought between the Grand Principality of Moscow and the Khanate of Kazan between 1437 and 1556. Most of these were wars of succession in Kazan, in which Muscovy intervened on behalf of the dynastic interests of its main ally, the Crimean Khanate. For most of the period, neither side sought to conquer the other, until Ivan the Terrible decided to annex Kazan upon the successful 1552 siege, which was followed by a rebellion lasting until 1556.
General.
Before it separated from the Golden Horde, the Kazan region was part of Volga Bulgaria (c. 630–1240) and then the Bulgar Ulus of the Golden Horde (c. 1240–1438). They adopted Islam in 921, several decades before the Christianisation of Kievan Rus' was boosted by the conversion of Volodimer in 988. In the 1430s, the Khanate of Kazan emerged on the mid-Volga, breaking away from the Golden Horde, and roughly comprising the area of former Volga Bulgaria.
Charles J. Halperin (1987) noted: 'Muscovy's relations with the Kazan' khanate were complex, her aggressive intentions tempered by the lure of trade and her own limited military capability.' Both Kazan and Muscovy experienced wars of succession within their reigning families in the 15th and 16th century. The Muscovite War of Succession between Vasily Vasilyevich and his uncle Dmitry Shemyaka tore Muscovy apart from 1425 to 1453, while Ulugh Muhammad (Ulu-Mehmed), the first khan of Kazan, was murdered by his son Mäxmüd (Mahmutek), who then expelled his brothers Qasim and Yakub. For most of the decades-long intermittent conflict, neither the Kazanians sought to conquer Moscow, nor did the Muscovites make any attempt to conquer Kazan.
The foreign policy of Ivan III centred on his alliance with the Crimean Khanate, and both Ivan III and Vasily III used their military might to uphold the dynastic interests of the Crimean khans in Kazan. The princes of Moscow contented themselves with maintaining a pro-Crimean khan on the Kazan throne whenever they could exploit a dynastic conflict. Although Ivan III failed to put a puppet on the throne during the 1466–1469 Kazan succession crisis, the 1469 peace treaty meant 20 years of relative peace between Muscovy and an initially anti-Muscovite khan, Ibrahim. During the 1486–1487 succession dispute, however, Ivan managed to place the Crimean khan Meñli I Giray's stepson Möxämmädämin (Muhammed Amin) on the throne of Kazan. When Ivan III died in 1505, his will still allocated tributes to the Qasim Khanate, the Crimean Khanate, the Astrakhan Khanate, and the Khanate of Kazan, although the sums were smaller than those of previous Muscovite princes. Vasily III continued Ivan's pro-Crimean policies, and during their reigns, the Khanate of Kazan, the Principality of Moscow and the Crimea Khanate were allies, the latter being the senior partner of the other two.
The boundary between Muscovy and Kazan was near Nizhny Novgorod, about halfway between the two cities. The land east of Nizhny Novgorod was fairly difficult. Whenever the Tatars attacked, they would first hit Nizhny Novgorod and then move on Murom, Ryazan, and other places, only twice approaching Moscow. When the Rus' attacked, they would usually send two armies, one down the Volga, and one over land. As Muscovy grew stronger, fighting shifted eastward.
Wars of Vasily II.
1437–1439.
In 1437, the khan of Kazan, Ulugh Muhammad, defeated Muscovite troops in the Battle of Belyov. In 1439, Ulugh advanced on Moscow with a large army. Vasily II of Moscow fled from his capital across the Volga River. Tatars devastated the outskirts of Moscow for 10 days and on their way back to Kazan burned Kolomna; they also took many captives.
1445.
The campaign of 1445 was disastrous for Muscovy and had major repercussions in Russian politics. Hostilities broke out when khan Ulugh Muhammad (Ulu-Mehmed) took the strategic fortress of Nizhny Novgorod and invaded Muscovy. Vasily II mustered an army and defeated the Tatars near Murom and Gorokhovets. Thinking the war over, he disbanded his forces and returned to Moscow in triumph, only to learn that the Tatars had besieged Nizhny Novgorod again. A new army was mustered and marched towards Suzdal, where they met the Russian generals who had surrendered Nizhny to the enemy after setting the fortress on fire. On 7 July 1445, the Russians and the Tatars clashed in the Battle of Suzdal near the walls of St. Euphemius Monastery. The battle was a resounding success for the Tatars, who took Vasily II prisoner. It took four months (July–November 1445) and an enormous ransom to recover the monarch from captivity.
Ulugh Muhammad (Ulu-Mehmed) died in late 1445, murdered by his eldest son Mäxmüd of Kazan (Mahmutek). A conflict arose over the throne of Kazan, and in 1447, Mäxmüd expelled two brothers named Qasim (Kasim) and Iakub, who fled to Muscovy and offered to aid Vasily in his bid for the throne against Dmitry Shemyaka. It was in part due to these renegade Kazan princes' help that Vasily was able to regain the Muscovite throne. In 1452, Vasily would grant the former a small fiefdom known as the Qasim Khanate, centred on the town of Kasimov on the Oka River, with revenues collected from neighbouring Ryazan.
1458–1462 raids on tributaries.
Since its formation in the 1430s and 1440s, the Khanate of Kazan had claimed tribute from peoples living on the (upper) Kama river and Vyatka river (left-bank tributaries of the Volga), as well as controlling access to the best routes across the Ural Mountains into western Siberia. To disrupt this control, Muscovy performed several raids into the upper Kama and Vyatka river regions between 1458 and 1462. A Kazan counter-raid at outposts near Ustyug failed. One of the Kazan tributaries that the Muscovites sought to take control of was Great Perm.
Wars of Ivan III.
Qasim War (1467–1469).
The death of Mäxmüd of Kazan in 1466 or 1467 triggered a war of succession in the khanate between his son Ibrahim and his brother Qasim, the vassal of Ivan III (succeeded Vasily in 1462). Ivan's army sailed down the Volga, with their eyes fixed on Kazan, but autumn rains and rasputitsa ("quagmire season") hindered the progress of Russian forces. When frosty winter came, the Russian generals launched an invasion of the northern Vyatka Region. The campaign fell apart for lack of unity of purpose and military capability.
The following year, the Russians set out from Kotelnich in the Vyatka Land. They sailed down the Vyatka River and the Kama towards the Volga, pillaging merchant vessels on their way. In response, Ibrahim mounted a counter-offensive, overran Vyatka, and forced local inhabitants into slavery for the duration of the campaign.
In 1469, a much stronger army was raised and, sailing down the Volga and the Oka, linked up in Nizhny Novgorod. The Russians marched downstream and ravaged the neighbourhood of Kazan but did not dare to lay siege to the Tatar capital because Qasim's widow had pledged to negotiate an advantageous peace with Ibrahim (her son). In the meantime, the units from Yaroslavl and Veliky Ustyug vainly attempted to win Vyatka to the Russian side. After negotiations were broken, the Tatars clashed with the Russians in two bloody but indecisive battles.
In autumn 1469 Ivan III launched a third invasion of the khanate. The Russian commander, Prince Daniil Kholmsky, besieged Kazan, cut off water supplies, and compelled Ibrahim to surrender. Ivan failed to get Qasim on the throne of Kazan, and had to recognise Ibrahim as the legitimate successor in a 1469 peace treaty. Under the terms of the peace settlement, the Tatars set free all the ethnic Christian Russians they had enslaved in the forty previous years. Qasim died soon after.
1480s Kazan succession crisis.
The Vyatka Region remained the principal bone of contention between Kazan and Moscow for decades to come. In 1478, shortly before his death, Ibrahim devastated the region. In revenge, Ivan III sent his generals to sack the neighbourhood of Kazan. At that time Ibrahim died and was succeeded by Ilham, whilst his half-brother Moxammat Amin fled to Moscow. Ivan III allowed him to settle in Kashira and pledged his support for Moxammat's claims to the Tatar throne.
In 1484 Russia placed Moxammat Amin on the throne, but within a year Ilham regained power. In 1487 Ivan again found it prudent to intervene in Kazan affairs and replace Ilham with Moxammat Amin. Prince Kholmsky sailed down the Volga from Nizhny Novgorod and laid siege to Kazan on 18 May. The city fell to the Russians on 9 June. Ilham was sent in chains to Moscow before being imprisoned in Vologda, while Moxammat Amin was proclaimed the new khan. In reference to this victorious campaign, Ivan III proclaimed himself "Lord of Volga Bulgaria".
Russo-Kazan War (1505–1507).
The last war of Ivan's reign was instigated by Ilham's widow, who married Moxammat Amin and persuaded him to assert his independence from Moscow in 1505. The rebellion broke out into the open on Saint John's Day, when the Tatars massacred Russian merchants and envoys present at the annual Kazan Fair. A huge army of the Kazan and Nogai Tatars then advanced towards Nizhny Novgorod and besieged the city. The affair was decided by 300 Lithuanian archers, who had been captured by Russians in the Battle of Vedrosha and lived in Nizhny in captivity. They managed to put the Tatar vanguard into disarray: the khan's brother-in-law was killed in action and the horde retreated.
Ivan's death prevented hostilities from being renewed until May 1506, when Prince Fyodor Belsky led Russian forces against Kazan. After the Tatar cavalry attacked his rear, many Russians took flight or drowned in the Foul Lake (22 May). Prince Vasily Kholmsky was sent to relieve Belsky and defeated the khan on Arsk Field on June 22. Moxammat Amin withdrew to the Arsk Tower but, when the Russians started to celebrate their victory, ventured out and inflicted an excruciating defeat on them (June 25). Although it was the most brilliant Tatar victory in decades, Moxammat Amin – for some reason not clearly understood – resolved to sue for peace and paid homage to Ivan's successor, Vasily III of Russia.
Wars of Vasily III.
A new massacre of Russian merchants and envoys residing in Kazan took place in 1521. Vasily III was so enraged that he forbade his subjects to visit the Kazan Fair again. Instead, the famous Makariev Fair was inaugurated downstream from Nizhny Novgorod, an establishment which undermined the economical prosperity of Kazan, thus contributing to its eventual downfall.
In 1524, Prince Ivan Belsky led the 150,000-strong Russian army against the Tatar capital. This campaign is described in detail by a foreign witness, Sigismund von Herberstein. Belsky's huge army spent 20 days encamped on an island opposite Kazan, awaiting the arrival of Russian cavalrymen. Then news came that part of the cavalry had been defeated, and the vessels loaded with provisions had been captured by the Tatars. Although the army suffered from hunger, Belsky at once laid siege to the city and soon the Tatars sent their envoys proposing terms. Belsky accepted them and speedily returned to Moscow.
Prince Belsky returned to the walls of Kazan in July 1530. The khan had fortified his capital and built a new wall, yet the Russians set the city ablaze, massacring their rivals utterly (according to Rus' chronicles) and causing their enemy, Safa Giray, to withdraw to Arsk. The Tatars sued for peace, promising to accept any khan appointed from Moscow. The tsar put Shahgali's younger brother, Canghali, on the throne. He was murdered by the anti-Russian faction in 1535.
Rus' chronicles record about forty attacks of Kazan khans on northeastern Rus' territories (mainly the regions of Nizhniy Novgorod, Murom, Vyatka, Vladimir, Kostroma, Galich) in the first half of the 16th century. Half of Kazan raids occurred in the 1530s and 1540s. Besides 1521, most ruinous Kazan attacks occurred in 1522, 1533, 1537, 1538, 1539, 1540, and 1541.
Wars of Ivan IV.
While Ivan IV was a minor, border skirmishes continued unabated, but the leaders of both powers were reluctant to commit their troops to open conflicts. In 1536, the Russians and Tatars were on the brink of a new war and met near Lyskovo, but the battle was averted. Over the following years, the Crimean khan constructed an offensive alliance with Safa Giray of Kazan, his relative. When Safa Giray invaded Muscovy in December 1540, the Russians used Qasim Tatars to contain him. After his advance was stalled near Murom, Safa Giray was forced to withdraw towards his own borders.
These reverses undermined Safa Giray's authority in Kazan. A pro-Russian party, represented by Shahgali, gained enough popular support to usurp the throne more than once. In 1545, Ivan IV mounted an expedition to the Volga River, mainly in order to flex muscles and to show his support for pro-Russian factions. Little was achieved during the campaign of 1547-48 and the story was much the same for 1549-50.
In 1551, detailed schemes for the eventual conquest of Kazan started to be aired. The tsar sent his envoy to the Nogai Horde and they promised to maintain neutrality during the impending war. The Ar begs and Udmurts submitted to Russian authority as well. In 1551, the wooden fort of Sviyazhsk was transported down the Volga from Uglich all the way to Kazan. It was used as the Russian "place d'armes" during the decisive campaign of 1552.
Conquest of Kazan and rebellion (1552–1556).
On 16 June 1552 Ivan IV led a 150,000-strong Russian army from Moscow towards Kolomna. They routed the Crimean Tatars under Devlet Giray near Tula before turning to the east. The tsar pressed on towards Kazan, and the final siege of the Tatar capital commenced on 30 August. Under the supervision of Prince Alexander Gorbatyi-Shuisky, the Russians used ram weapons, a battery-tower, mines, and 150 cannons. The Russians had the advantage of efficient military engineers, such as Ivan Vyrodkov, Nemchin Erazm ("Rozmysl")
from the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, and the English engineer Butler.
The besiegers blocked the city's water supply and breached the walls before the final storming on 2 October led to the taking of the city of Kazan, and the razing of its fortifications.
The conquest of Kazan had as its primary effect the assertion of Moscow's control over the Middle Volga. The Bashkirs accepted Ivan IV's authority two years later. The tsar celebrated his victory over Kazan by building several churches with oriental features, most famously Saint Basil's Cathedral on Red Square in Moscow. The siege of Kazan forms the subject of the longest poem in the Russian language, Mikhail Kheraskov's epic "Rossiada" (1771–1779).
After the fall of Kazan, a guerrilla uprising known as the Kazan rebellion or Kazan War (1552–1556) started in the region, lasting several years until its final suppression in 1556. The Tsar responded with a policy of Christianization and Russification of his Tatar subjects and other indigenous peoples, an approach not reversed until the time of Catherine the Great (reigned 1762–1796).

</doc>
<doc id="6961840" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961840" title="Tanumafili II">
Tanumafili II



</doc>
<doc id="6961850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961850" title="Sunshine Sounds">
Sunshine Sounds



</doc>
<doc id="6961856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961856" title="White Devil's Dream">
White Devil's Dream



</doc>
<doc id="6961860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961860" title="Khatarnak (2006 film)">
Khatarnak (2006 film)

Khatarnak () is a 2006 Indian Telugu-language action comedy film directed by choreographer-turned-director Amma Rajasekhar. Ravi Teja and Ileana D'Cruz play the lead roles. B. V. S. N. Prasad has produced this film. The film was released on 13 December 2006 and was a box office failure.
Plot.
Dasu (Ravi Teja) is the son of a counterfeit racketeer (Kota Srinivasa Rao). As his father goes to jail, Dasu becomes an orphan. He stops his education at 10th class and moves like a vagabond. On the other side, a smuggler used to smuggle drugs and arms into the country. But an honest police officer (Prakash Raj) hatches a plan and sends an informer Venu (Raja Ravindra) into their underworld. He stays with them for some time and passes on information to the police, with the help of which the police can bust the smugglers' team, though not the kingpin. The don's assistant, who was also a lawyer advises him to play the same trick and admit one of their henchmen into the police to get information from the reverse side. However, he should not be in police records but should be crooked and cunning. The smugglers' team's search ends with Dasu. The group threatens Dasu and makes him play like a puppet in their hands. To push him inside the police department, he should at least pass the tenth class. So, they admit him to a school, where he falls in love with a teacher Nakshatra (Ileana D'Cruz). However, she doesn't like him as he neither has good education nor good looks. After a few incidents, the don's right hand i.e., the lawyer tells Dasu to study well and become a police officer to win her love. Admitting the idea, Dasu turns into a good student and gets through the exam. Later, he becomes a constable and gets posted in traffic. The smugglers' unit hatches another plan and succeeds in pushing him into the crime police. After watching Dasu as a sincere police constable, Nakshatra too starts liking him. Soon, in a turn of events, Venu who was Nakshatra's brother is killed at the hands of Dasu at the behest of the don. She chides Dasu and starts hating him. Dasu starts disliking his job since he became a police officer only to win her love. As he lost her love, Dasu turns against the don and finally kills him. Nakshatra learns from the lawyer that her brother died at the hands of the don, she reunites with Dasu and the film ends on a happy note.
Music.
The music of the film released on 14 November 2006 statewide. The film has six songs composed by M. M. Keeravani. The song "Aa Gaganamlo" has tunes borrowed from the song "The Next Episode" by American rapper Dr. Dre. The song "Doma Kudithe Chicken Huniya" was based on the song "Aa Mudhal Akku" composed by Srikanth Deva for the Tamil movie "Jithan".
Reception.
"Rediff.com" critic G P Aditya Vardhan rated the film 1.5/5 and criticized the film for poor writing and direction. "The music by Keeravani is pathetic. So are the dance numbers. The double entendre and the bizarre stunts hurt. Only a miracle can save this film," he wrote. Alluru Rahim of "Zamin Ryot" gave also a negative review for the film. Jeevi of "Idlebrain.com" wrote that "Director Amma Rajasekhar could not do the execution right".

</doc>
<doc id="6961863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961863" title="Il Faut Du Temps">
Il Faut Du Temps



</doc>
<doc id="6961865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961865" title="Sidelʹnikov">
Sidelʹnikov



</doc>
<doc id="6961875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961875" title="Kerala Agricultural University">
Kerala Agricultural University

Kerala Agricultural University (KAU) is a state university for agricultural education, recognised as a State Agricultural University by the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR). It is situated in Vellanikkara, Kerala, India.
The KAU is the primary and the principal instrumentality of the Kerala State in providing human resources, and skills and technology, required for the sustainable development of its agriculture, defined broadly as encompassing all production activities based on land and water, including crop production, forestry and co-operatives by conducting, interfacing and integrating education, research and extension in these spheres of economic endeavour.
History.
On the recommendation of the Kothari Commission (1964-1966), one Agricultural University was to be established in each state. Kerala Agricultural University (KAU) was established on 24 February 1971 by the Act 33 of 1971 and began functioning on 1 February 1972. In accordance with the KAU Act of 1971, the College of Agriculture, Vellayani and the College of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, Mannuthy were brought under Kerala Agricultural University, in addition, 21 agricultural and animal husbandry research stations were also transferred to KAU. In 2011, Kerala Agricultural University was trifurcated into Kerala Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (KVASU), Kerala University of Fisheries and Ocean Studies (KUFOS) and Kerala Agricultural University (KAU).
Faculties.
For each degree, its respective faculty also offer specialized concentrations
Faculty of Agriculture.
Degrees offered:
Faculty of Forestry.
Degrees offered:
Faculty of Agricultural Engineering &amp; Technology.
Degree offered:
Faculty of Fisheries.
Delinked from KAU in 2010 to form separate University-KUFOS 
The Governor of Kerala and Chancellor of Kerala Agricultural University (KAU) has accorded assent to the proposal to establish a full-fledged Faculty of Forestry at Vellanikkara. Forestry will be the third faculty under KAU after Agriculture and Agricultural Engineering. Two other faculties, viz. Veterinary and Fisheries were delinked from KAU in 2010 to form separate Universities.
Institutions.
The institutions under Kerala Agricultural University are.

</doc>
<doc id="6961883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961883" title="Shieldon">
Shieldon



</doc>
<doc id="6961886" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961886" title="The Musical Box (Genesis song)">
The Musical Box (Genesis song)



</doc>
<doc id="6961888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961888" title="Barbara Parker">
Barbara Parker

Barbara Parker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6961895" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961895" title="Qasim Tatars">
Qasim Tatars



</doc>
<doc id="6961896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961896" title="Gilles Aillaud">
Gilles Aillaud

Gilles Aillaud (; 1928 in Paris – 24 March 2005 in Paris) was an internationally known French painter, set decorator, and scenographer; as well, he was one of the main proponents of the "Nouvelle Figuration" and "Figuration Narrative" schools of art.
He primarily painted animals, being best known for large canvases of zoo animals in which humans are invisible but strongly present, but also producing pictures of African wildlife in their natural environment. 
Aillaud was president of the Salon de la Jeune Peinture in 1964 and in 1968 painted "La bataille du riz" , a depiction of an American soldier being held prisoner by the Vietnamese.
References.
"This article was based on portions of the equivalent article on the French Wikipedia."

</doc>
<doc id="6961897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961897" title="Burmy">
Burmy



</doc>
<doc id="6961904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961904" title="Kazan campaigns">
Kazan campaigns



</doc>
<doc id="6961905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961905" title="Carnivine">
Carnivine



</doc>
<doc id="6961913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961913" title="Colligen">
Colligen



</doc>
<doc id="6961919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961919" title="Eagle Rock High School (Los Angeles)">
Eagle Rock High School (Los Angeles)



</doc>
<doc id="6961920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961920" title="Collegen">
Collegen



</doc>
<doc id="6961923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961923" title="Collogen">
Collogen



</doc>
<doc id="6961924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961924" title="Eeswar">
Eeswar

Eeswar is a 2002 Indian Telugu-language action drama film directed by Jayanth C. Paranjee, starring debutant Prabhas and Sridevi Vijaykumar. Siva Krishna and Revathi played supporting roles. It marked the debut of Prabhas, nephew of popular Telugu actor Krishnam Raju.
Production.
The film marked the debut of Prabhas and lead debut of Sridevi Vijayakumar, who previously worked as a child actress. This is the fastest film that Jayanth C. Paranjee made and the production was completed in 45 days. Hanumanthu, N. Hari Krishna, and Rambabu were cast in the film after Paranjee met them at a cultural festival.
Soundtrack.
The music was composed by R. P. Patnaik. All songs were written by Sirivennela Seetharama Sastry. Music was released by Aditya Music company. In an audio review, Sreya Sunil of "Idlebrain.com", wrote "While most of the tunes can be termed as above average, some songs stand out mainly because of Sirivennela's lyrics that convey a lot of emotions in simple words".
Reception.
A critic from "Idlebrain.com" said that "Over all, it's an average flick and worth watching for all curious people to see how Prabhas fared". A critic from "Sify" opined that "On the whole Takkari Donga director Jayant C Paranji’s new film "Eeswar" is lacklustre". Gudipoodi Srihari of "The Hindu" wrote, "A little more care in streamlining the climax part of the story would have made the drama look sensible and different. The film has been unnecessarily stretched too far and beyond the three-hour limit too".

</doc>
<doc id="6961925" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961925" title="Czech rail border crossings">
Czech rail border crossings

These are all the Czech rail border crossings as of 2007. Crossings in "italics" are abandoned. The year of opening is in brackets.
Czech Republic – Austria.
Note that all of these railway lines were built in Austria-Hungary and became border crossings after the creation of Czechoslovakia in 1918.
Czech Republic – Poland.
Note that all these railway lines were built before the re-creation of Poland, so that some of them originally went to Germany, while others were entirely within the Austro-Hungarian empire.
Czech Republic – Slovakia.
Note that all of these railway lines were built before the dissolution of Czechoslovakia in 1993 and became border crossings in that year.
References.
 Detailed article about abandoned border crossings

</doc>
<doc id="6961929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961929" title="The Bishop's School (California)">
The Bishop's School (California)



</doc>
<doc id="6961931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961931" title="TI99">
TI99



</doc>
<doc id="6961933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961933" title="TI 99">
TI 99



</doc>
<doc id="6961935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961935" title="TI99/4a">
TI99/4a



</doc>
<doc id="6961937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961937" title="Lev Kazimirovich Khrshchonovich">
Lev Kazimirovich Khrshchonovich



</doc>
<doc id="6961941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961941" title="Otogizoushi">
Otogizoushi



</doc>
<doc id="6961946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961946" title="Chaparral High School, Temecula, California">
Chaparral High School, Temecula, California



</doc>
<doc id="6961948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961948" title="Arcadia High School (Arcadia, CA)">
Arcadia High School (Arcadia, CA)



</doc>
<doc id="6961951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961951" title="Sarah Wiggum">
Sarah Wiggum



</doc>
<doc id="6961954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961954" title="Alexander Gorbaty-Shuisky">
Alexander Gorbaty-Shuisky



</doc>
<doc id="6961957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961957" title="The Message (novel)">
The Message (novel)



</doc>
<doc id="6961959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961959" title="The Zimmer Twins">
The Zimmer Twins

The Zimmer Twins was a Canadian animated series and website. The project was created by producer Jason Krogh and artist Aaron Leighton and is produced through Lost the Plot Productions Inc. A selection of the user-generated episodes is produced into broadcast shorts and air on Teletoon and in the US Qubo. Les Jumeaux Zimmer is the French-language version of the show and website.
"The Zimmer Twins" is known for its unique format which combines online participation and broadcast delivery. Children are invited to create and share 1-minute animated episodes using a story editor and library of animation. The audience creates endings to short, professionally produced story-starters. Kids tell their stories by choosing actions, characters, props and backgrounds. They can also add their own dialog and on-screen text. New clips are occasionally added.
The original Zimmer Twins website launched on March 14, 2005, with the show first airing on Teletoon in May. A total of 60 broadcast spots (30 English and 30 French) were produced and broadcast in the 2005/2006 season. By the end of the first season over 100,000 user-created episodes were created by over 50,000 registered members. A major revision of the site was launched July 1, 2006. A total of 120 broadcast episodes were broadcast in the 2006/2007 season and 32 more were broadcast in the 2007/2008 season. The site's population passed 200,000 on November 5, 2011.
In 2008, the online audience voted to select the three most popular user-generated movies. The winners' movies were incorporated into a half-hour awards show special which aired on September 26, 2008, in English and September 20, 2008, in French.
List of Telepicks.
Series 1.
Meow Mix of Doom
Website.
In March 2005, the Zimmer Twins websites were created with Australian, Canadian English, French, and International domains. Its users could make short-form clips out of a built-in video editor, which could be awarded as a Crowd Pleaser, Must-See, or as a Telepick. Telepicks would be aired on television and be dubbed by voice actors.
In July 2008, Telepicks were no longer attainable due to the Zimmer Twins no longer airing on TV stations.
In 2009, the Australian site was shut down, where only a year later, the Canadian English and French sites would also shut down.
In 2011, the Zimmer Twins announced a brand new website titled Zimmer Twins for Schools, a modified version of the website designed for education. Teachers could create accounts for their students and monitor activity, as well as create announcements.
In 2012, the Zimmer Twins website received a major redesign.
On August 1, 2020, JCee, a site editor for the Zimmer Twins website, announced that the Zimmer Twins and Zimmer Twins at School websites were going to be shut down due to lack of funding and the exportation of Adobe Flash. The websites were properly shut down on August 10, before being taken offline entirely in late November. These websites were the last remaining websites for the franchise. However, some members of the Zimmer Twins community have attempted to create projects to restore the website and bring archives of movies. In February 2021, all telepicks and favotoons that were aired were recovered and uploaded onto YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="6961967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961967" title="Tail code">
Tail code

Tail codes are markings usually on the vertical stabilizer of U.S. military aircraft that help identify the aircraft's unit and/or base assignment. This is not the same as the serial number, bureau number, or aircraft registration which provide unique aircraft identification.
U.S. Air Force.
Since 1993, the U.S. Air Force (USAF), Air Force Reserve, and Air National Guard (ANG), except Air Mobility Command (AMC) aircraft, utilize this format in all tail codes: two large letters, followed by two digits printed in a smaller text size, followed by three more digits printed in a larger text size.
The first two letters identify the home base, or in some organizations, a historic legacy, such as "FF" ("First Fighter") for the 1st Fighter Wing or "WP" ("Wolf Pack") for the 8th Fighter Wing. ANG units usually use the two-letter state/territorial USPS mailing abbreviation as a tail code, though there are exceptions, such as the 110th Airlift Wing using "BC" ("Battle Creek") instead of the "MI" used for other Michigan Air National Guard units. The small digits indicate the fiscal year (FY) the aircraft was ordered. The large digits are the last three digits of the aircraft's serial number.
All aircraft assigned to a unit, or in the case of ANG units, the entire state, use a common code. Typically, units of different commands co-located at the same base use different codes. For example, the 509th Bomb Wing at Whiteman AFB uses "WM" while the 442nd Fighter Wing of the Air Force Reserve at the same base uses "KC."
Air Mobility Command markings.
AMC aircraft do not use two-letter identification codes. They have the name of the base written inside the tail flash and a five-digit number in which all digits are printed in the same size. In most cases, the first digit represents the last digit of the fiscal year, and the remaining digits identify the four-digit sequence number. In cases where more than 10,000 aircraft were ordered in a single year (1964, for example), the complete 5-digit sequence number - without FY identification - is used.
U.S. Navy.
The U. S. Navy's aircraft visual identification system uses tail codes and modex to visually identify the aircraft's purpose and organization. Carrier air wing (CVW) tail codes denote which fleet the air wing belongs; A for Atlantic Fleet and N for Pacific Fleet. All squadrons display their CVW's tail code as follows, regardless of aircraft type:
Electronic Attack Squadrons (VAQ) of Electronic Attack Wing Pacific which are not assigned to a CVW but instead deploy to fixed land bases in support of joint tasking ("Expeditionary" VAQ Squadrons) use tail code NL.
Fleet Replacement Squadrons (FRS) for fixed wing carrier based aircraft use the CVW style tail code. Naval Air Force Pacific Fleet carrier based fixed wing aircraft FRS use tail code NJ and Naval Air Force Atlantic Fleet carrier based fixed wing aircraft FRSs display tail code AD. The FRS for carrier based helicopters do not follow this rule. 
The US Navy Reserve's Tactical Support Wing (formerly Reserve Carrier Air Wing 20) uses tail code AF. NW was the tail code for Helicopter Wing Reserve which has been disestablished, but the two reserve helicopter squadrons which still exist continue to use that code even though the wing no longer exists.
Helicopter FRS and helicopter squadrons not assigned to CVW (except for reserve squadrons) and all land-based fixed-wing squadrons use two letter codes unique to each squadron. These codes are squadron specific and identify neither the squadron's wing nor base air station.
Training Command aircraft use a single-letter tail code which identifies the aircraft's training wing.
Search and rescue helicopters and light transport aircraft assigned to naval air stations or naval air facilities use a code consisting of a number (seven or eight), followed by a letter unique to each air station/facility.
U.S. Marine Corps.
The U.S. Marine Corps and U. S. Navy share the same system. USMC squadrons use two letter codes unique to each squadron. The codes are squadron specific and do not identify either the Marine Air Group (MAG) nor the Marine Air Wing (MAW) to which the squadron belongs nor the air station at which it is based. The exception is those squadrons assigned to a Navy Carrier Air Wing which use the Carrier Air Wing's tail code.
Light transport aircraft assigned to Marine Corps Air Stations use a two place tail code consisting of a number 5 followed by a letter unique to each Marine Corps Air Station.

</doc>
<doc id="6961976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961976" title="Arsk Field">
Arsk Field

Arsk Field (; ) was east of the walls of mediaeval Kazan. The name may come from the Archa Darugha, a subdivision of the Khanate of Kazan. Alternatively, it could be named for the road leading to the city of Arsk, which passed through the field. In 1552 it served as the base of for Tatar troops during the siege of Kazan by Russian troops under Ivan the Terrible. In 1774, it was a battlefield for engagements between rebels supporting Pugachev and governmental forces.
In the 18th and 19th centuries, a trade fair was held at the field. Since the beginning of the 19th century the field has been built up with housing, but the nearby forest was turned into parklands, nicknamed "Russian Switzerland" and "German Switzerland". During the Soviet period, both parks were subsumed by the newly created "Gorky Park", and the park carries that name to this day.
After the 1917 October Revolution the field was renamed Yershov Field, after Nikolay Yershov, who led the Bolsheviks uprising in Kazan during the October Revolution in 1917. To this day the street running alongside the park is named Yershov Street in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="6961977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961977" title="Titanichthys">
Titanichthys

Titanichthys (meaning "titanic fish") is an extinct genus of giant, aberrant marine placoderm from shallow seas of the Late Devonian of Morocco, Eastern North America, and possibly Europe. Many of the species approached "Dunkleosteus" in size and build. Unlike its relative, however, the various species of "Titanichthys" had small, ineffective-looking mouth-plates that lacked a sharp cutting edge. It is assumed that "Titanichthys" was a filter feeder that used its capacious mouth to swallow or inhale schools of small, anchovy-like fish, or possibly krill-like zooplankton, and that the mouth-plates retained the prey while allowing the water to escape as it closed its mouth. A study has since confirmed this assumption as its jaws are functionally closer to that of filter feeders like baleen whales and basking sharks, and it appears to have developed from benthic durophagists that became pelagic suspension feeders. This would make it the first (known) large-sized vertebrate filter feeder. "Titanichthys" was estimated to have reached a length of , but Engelman (2023) suggested that "Titanichthys" was comparable in size to "Dunkleosteus", likely measuring about or just over in length.
Phylogeny.
"Titanichthys" is thought to have been a basal aspinothoracid, closest related to "Bungartius" and "Tafilalichthys".
Species.
The genus shows a great diversity in the Famennian-aged Cleveland Shale, though species are also found in similarly aged strata in Morocco and possibly the Holy Cross Mountains in Poland.
"T. agassizi".
This is the type species, from the Cleveland Shale. Its infrognathals are strongly recurved medially, and is elongated with a spatula-like process at the anterior end. The headshield averages about in length.
"T. attenuatus".
This Cleveland Shale species is based on an infragnathal bone more than in length. May possibly be a synonym of "T. agassizi".
"T. clarkii".
This Cleveland Shale species has infragnathals that are not as recurved as "T. agassizi"'s. The cranial roof is comparatively narrower and more rounded. It is the largest known species in the genus, and possibly one of the largest Devonian vertebrates known. The head is about in length.
"T. hussakofi".
This Cleveland Shale species is known from a badly preserved, incomplete infragnathal. It was originally described by Claypole as "Brontichthys clarki" in 1894. As "Brontichthys" is a junior synonym of "Titanichthys", it should not be confused with another, similarly-named arthrodire, "Bruntonichthys" of Dunkleosteidae.
"T. rectus".
This Cleveland Shale species has an infragnathal as large as that of "T. clarkii", though "T. rectus"' infragnathal is much straighter, and does not have a spatula-like process on its anterior end.
"T. kozlowskii".
This species placement within the genus is in doubt. It is based on incomplete nuchal and central plates found in Upper Famennian-aged marine strata of the Holy Cross Mountains in Poland.
"T. termieri".
This species is found in Lower Famennian-aged marine strata of Tafilalet, Southern Morocco. The fossil material of this species strongly suggests it is as large as the Cleveland Shale' "T. clarkii". The average combined length of the head and trunk shields for "T. termieri" is estimated to be When the first fossils of "T. termieri" were found by geologist Henri Termier, the specimens were originally placed within the genus "Gorgonichthys" - that is, after Termier was able to convince his colleagues that the bone scraps were of a placoderm, and not a dinosaur.

</doc>
<doc id="6961985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961985" title="1991 CONCACAF Women's Championship">
1991 CONCACAF Women's Championship

The 1991 CONCACAF Women's Championship was the first staging of the CONCACAF Women's Championship, the international women's association football tournament for North American, Central American and Caribbean nations organized by CONCACAF. The tournament took place in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, between 18 and 27 April 1991 and consisted of eight national teams. The matches were 80 minutes long.
The United States won the tournament after defeating Canada 5–0 in the final match. They became CONCACAF's single qualifier for the 1991 FIFA Women's World Cup, which was hosted by China in November and ended with a U.S. victory.
Results.
Knockout stage.
Final.
United States won the tournament and qualified for 1991 FIFA Women's World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="6961997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961997" title="Orange County Convention Center">
Orange County Convention Center

The Orange County Convention Center is a convention center located in Orlando, Florida. Opened in 1983 as the Orange County Convention and Civic Center, it is the primary public convention center for the Central Florida region and the second-largest convention center in the United States, after McCormick Place in Chicago.
The OCCC offers of space, of which is exhibit space. The complex is located on the south end of International Drive, a major tourist area in Orlando. 
The original building (the "West Concourse") housed an 11,300-seat arena from 1983 to 1992. It hosted concerts by popular artists including Madonna, Tina Turner, Whitney Houston, Run-DMC, The Beastie Boys, Def Leppard, Tesla,Styx, Aerosmith, Mötley Crüe, and Hall and Oates. Its use declined after the Orlando Arena opened in 1989. The arena closed in 1992 and was renovated and converted into the main exhibition hall in 1996.
On April 18, 2012, the American Institute of Architects's Florida Chapter placed the building on its list of "Florida Architecture: 100 Years. 100 Places". Solar panels on the roof of the South Concourse provide 1 MW of power.
The center is host to hundreds of events annually including IAAPA Expo and MegaCon.
History.
The Orange County Convention and Civic Center (OCCCC) was born out of a 1977 law passed by Florida's State Legislature. The law permit counties to collect a "Tourist Development Tax" on top of regular sales tax on hotel room stays, with the approval of the county's voters, for state-approved purposes. In a special election in April 1978, the voters of Orange County approved a 2% Tourist Development Tax (the limit set by the state) to build a convention and civic center. That August, the Orange County Board of County Commissioners (BCC) approved a location for the OCCCC in Orlando Central Park, on International Drive, and drew up plans for a gross area facility. The following year, BCC and Orlando Central Park agreed to give OCP one cent per taxed dollar of the Tourist Development Tax (TDT) each year for 30 years; in return, OCP would donate land for the initial facility, give the county an option to buy another for future expansion, and commit adjacent lands for hotel and tourist development.
Phase I was completed on February 25, 1983, at a cost of $54 million. The Boston Pops Orchestra played at the grand opening on February 26, 1983, and 14,000 people attended the open house on February 27, 1983. This initial building is now Hall D of the present building and its lobby.
In June 1984, the BCC exercised its option for $2 million and began planning Phase II. The TDT was raised to 3% by a state law in 1986, and groundbreaking occurred in February 1987 on Phase II. It was completed in January 1989, adding of exhibition space to increase it to of total exhibition space, and adding of meeting and support space. This phase makes up Halls E-F of the current building and adjacent meeting space.
That same month, an additional 1% was permitted for the TDT, increasing it to 4%. The BCC approved an additional three phases to the OCCCC (Phases II, III and IV), and improvements to the Citrus Bowl, its first non-Convention Center TDT project.
Phase II, completed in December 1990, added more support space, used largely for office space and registration. The next month, planning for Phase III was begun. By December 1992, "Civic" was dropped from the name, and the facility became the Orange County Convention Center. Phase III added Halls B and C of the current building as well as the Valencia Ballroom and Chapin Theater.
Phase III was completed in January 1996, adding of exhibition space, at a cost of $219.5 million. Phase IV followed that August at a cost of $198.7 million, adding another of exhibition space and about more meeting space. A retrofit of Phase I, completed in December 1997 at a cost of $32 million, opened up more. By 1998, the OCCC had of exhibition space over a total building space of over 4 million ft² with the newly added Hall A.
In June 1998, the BCC got a fifth cent approved for the TDT, partly for a grand Phase V, which would add a total of 3 million ft² of space to the OCCC. That December, they paid Universal Orlando Resort $69 million for of land across International Drive from the original OCCC. The Martinez Convention Center Commission, named after then-Orange County chairman Mel Martinez, was created to oversee planning and construction of Phase V.
Ground was broken on Phase V in August 2000 after a large convention organizer, Reed Exhibitions, agreed to move 42 conventions to Orlando into the new phase. It opened one month ahead of schedule in September 2003. Today, the first four phases are referred to as the "West Building", and Phase V is referred to as the "North/South Building", as it is divided into North and South Exhibition Halls which can be joined to form one large exhibition space or subdivided into six different halls (North A1, North A2, North B, South A1, South A2, South B). The North/South Building has of exhibition space. Around the same time, the Oversight Pedestrian Bridge was built over International Drive connecting the two buildings.
In 2004, OCCC acted as a staging area for relief operations following Hurricane Charley, Frances and Jeanne. Disruptions to convention operations were minimal, and a feared reduction of convention booking did not occur afterward.
In 2009, the Hilton Orlando, a 1400-room luxury hotel, opened. It adjoins with the South Concourse of the Orange County Convention Center's North/South Building via an elevated, covered pedestrian walkway. The Hyatt Regency, a 1641-room hotel, also connects directly to the Convention Center via the Oversight Pedestrian Bridge and the Hyatt Skywalk. The elevated walkway connects the North, South and West concourses over International Drive and the Hilton Orlando. Additionally, Rosen Plaza and Rosen Centre, offering 800 and 1,334 guest rooms respectively, are situated along the West Concourse. They are linked by elevated, covered pedestrian bridges as part of Orange County's master plan to improve connectivity and safety for convention-goers.
In spring 2019 plans were submitted for a 340,000-square-foot expansion of the North/South Concourse. In spring 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic occurred and the expansion was cancelled citing shortfalls in tax collections necessary to fund the expansion. 
Facility overview.
The OCCC consists of two buildings joined together by a covered pedestrian bridge. The West Building, opening in four phases from February 27, 1983 (with an initial of exhibition space) and 1996, is located on the south side of International Drive. The North/South Building, located on the north side of International Drive, was completed in 2003.
In its entirety, the OCCC includes:
Economic effect.
The OCCC says it hosts events attracting about 1.5 million people annually, injecting $2.5 billion into the Central Florida economy.

</doc>
<doc id="6961998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961998" title="Mark Oakley">
Mark Oakley

Mark David Oakley (born 28 September 1968) is a British Church of England priest. He is Dean of Southwark and formerly Dean of St John's College, Cambridge.
Early life.
Oakley was born on 28 September 1968 in Shrewsbury and was educated at Shrewsbury School, where he was awarded a Rank Foundation Leadership Award, and King's College London, before going to St Stephen's House, Oxford, where he studied for ordination in the Church of England.
Ordained ministry.
Oakley was made deacon at Petertide 1993 (27 June) at St Paul's Cathedral; and ordained priest the next Petertide (2 July 1994) at St John's Wood Church — both times by David Hope, Bishop of London. He served as assistant curate of St John's Wood Church from 1993 to 1996. He was then asked by Richard Chartres, Bishop of London, to serve as his chaplain, which he did from 1996 to 2000. He was made a Deputy Priest in Ordinary to Elizabeth II in 1996. In 2000, he became Rector of St Paul's, Covent Garden (also known as the Actors' Church).
In 2005, the Bishop of Gibraltar in Europe, Geoffrey Rowell, appointed Oakley as Archdeacon of Germany and Northern Europe and chaplain of St Alban's Church in Copenhagen. The archdeaconry comprises eight countries (Iceland, Denmark, Sweden, Finland, Norway, Latvia, Estonia and Germany) in which there are many Church of England chaplaincies serving the international Anglican community.
In 2008 he was appointed priest-in-charge of Grosvenor Chapel, Mayfair, London, by the Bishop of London. He was also appointed an examining chaplain and bishops' advisor. In June 2010 he was appointed to St Paul's Cathedral, London, as a residentiary canon, initially as Canon Treasurer. In 2013, he became Canon Chancellor; in that role he was responsible for educational work and engagement with the arts.
Oakley resigned from St Paul's Cathedral to become Dean of St John's College, Cambridge, from Michaelmas 2018. He was a Fellow and Tutor of the college. He was instituted Dean of Southwark (first among equals of the clergy at Southwark Cathedral and senior priest of the Diocese of Southwark) on 3 December 2023.
In 2020 he was installed as Canon Theologian (honorary) of Wakefield Cathedral.
In 2021 Oakley was given a Fellowship by King's College London (FKC) in recognition of his 'exceptional service and achievement'.
In 2021 he was admitted to the degree of Master of Arts by the University of Cambridge, and in 2022 was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) by Bangor University in English Literature. His supervisors were Professor Helen Wilcox, Professor Tony Brown, and Professor Andrew Hiscock.
In 2023 the Archbishop of Canterbury awarded Oakley the Lanfranc Award for Education and Scholarship, for 'ceaselessly and with enormous energy and skill, helping to build bridges between the Church and poets'. The citation concluded, 'Mark Oakley's contribution to education, both formal and informal, has been and continues to be outstanding'. Also in 2023, the University of Chester conferred the honorary degree of Doctor of Education on Oakley for his 'outstanding contribution to education and the arts'. 
In April 2025, he was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London (FSA).[11]
In June 2025 Oakley was appointed honorary Whitelands Professorial Fellow in Christian Theology and Contemporary Issues by Roehampton University.
Writing.
Oakley wrote a popular book called "The Collage of God" in 2001 which received a number of positive reviews. The book was republished by Canterbury Press in 2012. He has also edited a book of John Donne's poetry and compiled a wedding anthology. In 2015, he published an anthology of readings for funerals for SPCK. He edited "A Good Year" with contributions by bishops on the liturgical year (SPCK 2016). He has contributed several essays to various books and reviews in theological papers and journals. He also regularly broadcasts.
Oakley wrote the introduction for the reissue of Jeffrey John's book "Permanent, Faithful, Stable," arguing that "It is essential that the Church embraces its gay and lesbian members fully as part of God's diversity and celebrates their permanent, faithful and stable relationships with prayer, affirmation and words of blessing." Oakley spoke at the Greenbelt Festival in 2013 on the same theme. He preached in 2017 at St-Martin-in-the-Fields in commemoration of the 50th anniversary of decriminalisation of homosexuality in England and Wales:
Oakley is known for his interest in the ways literature and poetry explore theological themes and for his preaching, which is often both entertaining and noticeably rooted in his Anglicanism. While he was at the Actors' Church he was widely appreciated by the theatre community for his understanding and appreciation of its work. His initiative of having a series of sermons which explored plays that were currently showing in London, to which the actors and production team of each play came and took part in conversation, is an example of the way Oakley tries to open a dialogue between people of faith and the work of the artistic community. A lecture given by him at Westminster Abbey and Keble College, Oxford, in 2002 argued that the church in its search to be relevant was ironically becoming too secular for the British public and that it should be the deeper human resonances that the church seeks to identify, explore and dialogue with. The Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, wrote in 2004 that Oakley's thinking and approach is in the tradition of Westcott. A later article (2008) by Oakley in the "Church Times", entitled "An Issue! An Issue! We all Fall Down", argues for the renewal of theological generosity in the Anglican spirit. In 2010, the former Poet Laureate, Sir Andrew Motion, wrote a poem dedicated to Oakley entitled "In Winter" and said of him that: "It's extremely unusual to meet anyone who isn't a specialist who has such a subtle feeling for language as he does". Motion has since added that he believes Oakley to be "the best sermoniser I've ever heard. And he's funny, and he knows a lot, and he's lived."
In August 2016 Oakley published The Splash of Words: Believing in Poetry (Canterbury Press) of which the Poet Laureate, Dame Carol Ann Duffy wrote: "this beautiful and wise meditation centred around the soul language of poetry opens new windows in the shared house of both poetry and belief". Rowan Williams has commented 'Some writers have the gift of simply letting you know you can trust them. Mark Oakley has this gift in abundance: in this book we read in his company a succession of very diverse poems; we listen to his honest, careful, demanding reflections on them; and we recognise that this is a deeply authentic voice that can be relied on not to give us either clichés or indulgent ramblings. A very moving book, opening all kinds of doors into a more compassionate, more truthful understanding'. The poet Imtiaz Dharker has said of the book: 'Even believing in poetry, he still leaves space for unease and uncertainties, because he of all people recognises that ‘there is no/ Road that is right entirely’. In doing so he illuminates the way for those who think they know the territory as well as for those who may be wary of it. Dipping in to this book, the spirit is cleansed in the sparkle of language'. The book won the Michael Ramsey Prize for global theological writing in 2019, awarded every three years, and was presented to Oakley by the Archbishop of Canterbury at the Greenbelt Festival.
In 2018 the Poet Laureate, Dame Carol Ann Duffy, asked Oakley to be a judge of the 2018 Ted Hughes Award for new work in poetry.
In 2019 Oakley published a collection of sermons, By Way of the Heart (Canterbury Press). Rowan Williams commented in a review: "Mark Oakley is one of the most distinctive, intelligent and refreshing voices in the Church of England, always illuminating, never stale or second-hand".
Oakley also published in 2019 a collection of reflections on the poetry of George Herbert, My Sour-Sweet Days: George Herbert and the Journey of the Soul (SPCK). Professor Helen Wilcox, editor of The English Poems of George Herbert, said that each of the forty well-chosen poems are "followed by a short but profound reflection...the combination is excellent: richly expressive poems and accessible personal meditations. This book powerfully demonstrates how poetry can bring comfort, refreshment and renewed energy to our spiritual lives".
Other interests.
Oakley was Chair of the Civil Liberties Trust and a Director of Liberty (Liberty), and is currently Patron of Tell MAMA and an ambassador for Stop Hate UK. He received one of the first National Hate Crime Awards in 2016. He is a visiting lecturer in the Theology and Religious Studies Department at King's College London and was appointed a visiting scholar of Sarum College in 2017. He was also President of the Shropshire Horticultural Society, when it organised the Shrewsbury Flower Show for 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="6962001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962001" title="Mankanya language">
Mankanya language

The Mankanya language (; ) is spoken by approximately 86,000 people in Guinea-Bissau, Senegal and Gambia primarily belonging to the ethnic group of the same name. It belongs to the Bak branch of the Atlantic–Congo language family.
Mancanha is spoken east of the Manjak language area and to the north of Bissau Island. It is also called "Brame".
Sociolinguistic situation.
The language has status as a national language in Senegal, and an orthography has recently been developed for writing it. Mankanya is known as "Uhula" by the people themselves (the Mankanya people, or "Bahula"). The name 'Mankanya' is thought to have been conferred upon the people and their language by colonialists who mistook the name of their chief at the time of colonisation for the name of the people-group itself.
The language contains many loanwords from Kriol. There is also extensive bilingualism in Mandjak, a closely related language which is largely mutually comprehensible, as well as in other minority languages spoken in the area, such as Mandinka and Jola. Finally, Mankanya speakers in Senegal also know French, and those in Gambia know English.
Literature.
There is a translation of the Christian Bible in the Mankanya language, available via the YouVersion app. It includes a spoken recording (audio-bible).
Phonology.
Stress is placed on the first syllable of the root.
Mankanya is not tonal.
Writing system.
Mankanya uses the Latin alphabet. In Senegal, a decree of 2005 provides for an orthography for Mankanya.
Grammar.
Mankanya has a noun class system, with 10 classes. Nouns are prefixed with a morpheme that encodes both noun class and number (singular vs plural), and other elements of the clause, such as modifiers to the noun, and the verb if the noun is the subject, are marked to agree with the class and number of the noun. Some noun classes also display a further distinction between a general plural noun class prefix, and a counted plural prefix which is used if the noun is modified by a numeral. Class 1 is used for all people, with many nouns in it being agentives derived from verbs. Class 8 lacks number distinctions, and some nouns may be converted to class 8 to take on a mass-noun like meaning, like converting "stone" to "gravel". Class 9 is used for recent loans, words that lack an inherent class like interrogative pronouns (Though the pronoun "who" triggers class 1 agreement), and a root which may occur with many different prefixes to mean "place", which has a very general meaning. Class 10 is singular only and used for diminutives; no nouns are inherently class 10, all in it are derived from nouns of other classes. A small number of nouns, mostly kin terms, can be possessed through the use of a pronominal suffix for certain possessors. There are 1st and 2nd person pronouns of both numbers, as well as pronouns marked for each noun class and number. Pronouns have subject, object, and possessive forms. Some object forms are verb suffixes, while most are independent. Object and possessive pronouns are mostly identical, there is a class 1 singular object suffix, and a 3rd person possessive suffix, that take different forms.
The noun is the first element in noun phrases, being followed by other elements. Inalienable possessors, used mostly for kin terms, and terms like "body", or "household" directly follow the head noun, while alienable possessors occur later in the noun phrase, after adjectives and numerals, and are preceded by a genitive particle that agrees in noun class and number with the head noun. Adjectives also agree with the head noun, as do lower numerals. Demonstratives follow after these elements and alienable possessors, also agreeing with the head, and display 3 degrees of distance, as well as a fourth form used in narratives. They may co-occur with a discourse anaphoric demonstrative, which does not agree. Demonstratives and adjectives both may head noun phrases, agreeing with an omitted head. Relative clauses occur at the end of the noun phrase, and have two different structures based on whether the noun is the subject of the relative clause or not. Both mark the verb in the relative clause with a "selectional" suffix, while subject relative clauses also prenasalise the first consonant of the verb stem, with non-subject relative clauses being preceded by an agreeing genitive particle instead, like an inalienable possessor. There are three prepositions, expressing "like/similar to", "with", and "until", as well as a set of locatives, locative modifiers, and locative nouns. Locatives precede a noun phrase, marking both inside vs general location at, and distance. They are often accompanied by a locative modifier which occurs after the noun phrase, and display more specific locational meanings. Locative nouns instead function as the head of a noun phrase, being possessed by the noun they relate to, akin to English "the front of the house". Locative phrases are unspecified for directionality, with this being lexically specified by the verb (eg. go vs come). Proper nouns can serve as locative phrases without locational marking.
Verbs are marked to agree with their subject, either in person/number, or noun class/number, whether expressed by a noun phrase or not. The first person subject marker takes different allomorphs in some situations, notably an allomorph that triggers prenasalisation on the initial consonant of the verb stem in some subordinate clauses. There is a serial prefix used for non-first verbs in sequences when the subject remains the same, which replaces the subject prefix. Verbs (and clauses) are marked for negation by prenasalising the initial consonant of the stem, and lengthening the vowel of the subject prefix, along with a distinct intonation, though relative clauses are instead negated with a copula taking the relative clause morphology, along with negative nasalisation, followed by the lexical verb which takes subject agreement. The selectional suffix is used in relative clauses, as mentioned previously, as well as structures likely derived from them and triggers irregular allomorphy/fusion with some other suffixes. There are derivational suffixes including a benefactive applicative and reciprocal which are homophonous for most verb roots, being distinguished by context., two causative suffixes, an instrumental applicative, a middle voice suffix which functions like a reflexive when used alone but like a passive when combined with the reciprocal, as well as reduplication which can indicated continuity or completeness, along with recent past with past marked verbs. Inflectional suffixes are not repeated on the reduplicant, while derivational ones are. There is an infinitive prefix that is required in some subordinate clauses, auxiliary constructions, and can function as an action nominal on its own, while a participle suffix can derive nouns or adjectives from verbs.
Tense, aspect, and mood marked in clauses partially by verb morphology, along with a number of different auxiliary verbs. A perfective vs imperfective distinction is unmarked in neutral sentences, while a prefix marks the imperfective in relative, serial, and negated clauses. There is also a completive suffix that marks a present resulting state for change of state verbs, such as turning "grow" into "be big". The imperative is marked with a suffix, and the verb does not take a subject prefix if the subject is singular. The auxiliary verbs may also function as lexical verbs in other contexts. They take subject agreement prefixes, along with negation or selectional markers, and trigger different morphology on the lexical verb following them. Past tense is expressed with auxiliary "come", and the lexical verb is a bare stem.; "come" can also be used, to mark the future, though "go", and another verb that may be derived from "look for", can also be used. Whichever of the three is used in the future construction, the lexical verb is marked with the imperfective and serial prefixes. Other examples include (but are not limited to) auxiliary "say" used for the habitual, while "still be" or stay" can be used for the persistive, and continuative, both similar to English "still", the first focusing more on the fact that the event has not ended, while the latter with more focus on the extended duration. The progressive uses the copula, followed by the proximal interior locative particle, and the lexical verb takes a nominal prefix. This is similar to the origin of the English continuous, "be at VERB-ing". In terms of modal meanings, the obligative mood uses the copula, followed by the genitive particle, and a lexical verb marked serial imperfective. If the lexical verb is marked with the infinitive instead, it is the epistemic mood. Both can be translated into English as "should", with the former being deontic "they should help out (because it's the right thing to do).", and the latter because of given knowledge "they should help out (because they said they would).". Auxiliaries can be combined in some cases, the combination of the ingressive, built from "make/do" - elsewhere meaning "until" - and the past, yield a past "already" meaning, continuing to present if the lexical verb is marked serial imperfective.
Basic clausal word order is subject, verb, object. Subjects may be dropped when clear from context, and independent subject pronouns are typically only used for purposes of focus. Ditransitive clauses show no difference in marking between the direct and indirect objects, with the theme most commonly preceding the recipient. The verb "have" can be used without a subject to predicate the existence of its object. A copula verb is used to predicate some adjectives, noun phrases, genitive phrases to express possession, and locative phrases. Adjectives may be underlyingly derived from verbs, or stem unspecified for part of speech, in which case they take the completive suffix when used as a predicate, while nominal derive adjectives do not, and use the copula. Adjectives do not agree in person, if their subject is a speech act participant, they agree as though their subject were a class 1 noun. There is a verbless presentative construction, as in "here is X". Some sentences mark the verb with the selectional suffix, elsewhere seen in relative clauses. This is akin to a cleft construction like English "The dog is what I saw", but this construction doesn't use the copula. This construction allows the object to precede the subject and verb. It is commonly used with content interrogative words, though they may remain in situ. Typically negation on the verb is sufficient to negate the clause, but for selectional suffix main clauses, and verbless clauses, the anaphoric demonstrative occurs at the start to negate them. Typically, the presence of a content interrogative word is sufficient to mark a clause as interrogative, though an optional content interrogative particle may occur at the end. Polar interrogatives are marked by the presence of a different final particle. Imperative clauses are marked by a verbal suffix as mentioned prior.
Both independent words, and bound verbal morphology can serve to link clauses together. Relative clauses use both a selectional suffix, along with either prenasalisation of the verb stem, or a preceding genitive particle, depending on whether the head is the subject of the relative clause or not. There are independent words with meaning "or", "so that", "because", and "but", that occur after the main clause to add an additional clause. There are also words meaning "like/because", and "in order to" that require the added clause to take the selectional prefix or the infinitive prefix, respectively. There are also conditional clause introducing words, meaning either "if" or "when", and an additional counterfactual adverb is used if the condition refers to a past event that did not come to be. Chains of serial marked verbs can follow an initial subject marked verbs to indicate multiple actions by the same subject, while a clause initial subject switch marker can occur if the subject changes. In addition to the grammaticalised auxiliaries discussed prior, like the obligative, verbs meaning "begin", "stop", "make" (to form causatives), "know", "see", "hear", "think", and "say", can introduce complement clauses, with either complementisers, or infinitive or serial marking on the verb in the complement clause. The verb "say" must be used to introduce a speech complement, sometimes following after other verbs of speech, marked serial. There are adverbial clause introducers meaning "until", "before", "when", and "like".

</doc>
<doc id="6962002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962002" title="British Institute for the Study of Iraq">
British Institute for the Study of Iraq

The British Institute for the Study of Iraq (BISI) (formerly the British School of Archaeology in Iraq) is the only body in Britain devoted to research into the ancient civilizations and languages of Mesopotamia. It was founded in 1932 and its aims are to support and undertake research into the archaeology (and cognate subjects) of Iraq and the neighbouring countries from the earliest times to c. AD 1700, and to promote the cultural heritage of Iraq. The School publishes the refereed annual journal "Iraq".
It is a registered charity and has its headquarters in the office of the British Academy at Carlton House Terrace in London.
History.
The School was founded in 1932 as a memorial to the life and works of Gertrude Bell. Bell was passionate about archaeology and bequeathed £6,000 for its founding when she died in 1926. Further fundraising in 1929 added £14,000, and although the Great Depression left the fund depleted, the school was established in 1932. Its initial purpose was to fund excavations by archaeologists and provide scholarship to British students working on archaeological projects in Iraq.
The School carried out excavations in Iraq before the Second World War. Activities resumed in 1948, and the School worked continuously from then until 1990. Since then the School has been prevented by political circumstances from resuming its research activities. However, friendly relations with the Iraqi Department of Antiquities and contact with Iraqi colleagues have been maintained, mainly through private visits.
The School was funded by a grant from the British Government starting in 1946, which allowed it to establish a base in Baghdad. Its first director was Max Mallowan whose wife was Agatha Christie who wrote "Murder in Mesopotamia". Among the notable projects the school was involved in was the excavation at Nimrud.
In the aftermath of 2003 invasion of Iraq, the school devoted its resources to assisting in the rebuilding of Iraq's heritage. Funding from the British government however halved in 2007, and then stopped completely in 2009. The school also receives an income from private sources. It currently has about 650 subscribing members. It is governed by a Council, which meets in London and is elected annually by the members, under Regulations approved by the original members in 1932 but recently revised.
On 12 December 2007 the organization's name was changed to The British Institute for the Study of Iraq. It also broadened it scope to promoting Iraqi cultural heritage and engaging in partnerships and collaborations with Iraqi archaeologists. Since the 1990s it has also funded Iraqi students studying in Britain. It helped in the creation of the Basra Museum opened in 2016.
Assyrian ivories.
In 2011 the BISI sold one-third of its collection of Nimrud Ivories, discovered between 1949 and 1963 in excavations led by Sir Max Mallowan, to the British Museum for £1.17 million. Another third was donated to the British Museum in recognition of the storage of the collection by the museum over the previous 24 years. It is anticipated that the remaining third of the collection will be returned to Iraq sometime in the future. A selection of the ivories was put on display at the British Museum in 2011.
Publications.
Since 1934, the School has published a refereed journal, "Iraq", which is now published annually, in November/December of each year.
Bell Medal.
The Gertrude Bell Memorial Gold Medal is awarded by the BISI for "outstanding services to Mesopotamian archaeology". , there have been five recipients:

</doc>
<doc id="6962007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962007" title="Mirrlees Blackstone">
Mirrlees Blackstone



</doc>
<doc id="6962020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962020" title="Hausdorff property">
Hausdorff property



</doc>
<doc id="6962022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962022" title="Wolzard">
Wolzard



</doc>
<doc id="6962036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962036" title="Fyodor Belsky">
Fyodor Belsky



</doc>
<doc id="6962037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962037" title="Bassett's Allsorts">
Bassett's Allsorts



</doc>
<doc id="6962043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962043" title="Easykill">
Easykill



</doc>
<doc id="6962044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962044" title="Bassett's allsorts">
Bassett's allsorts



</doc>
<doc id="6962047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962047" title="Human Technology Will Render You Obsolete">
Human Technology Will Render You Obsolete



</doc>
<doc id="6962050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962050" title="Hepatitis A and B vaccine">
Hepatitis A and B vaccine

Combined hepatitis A and B vaccine, is used to provide protection against hepatitis A and hepatitis B. It is given by injection into muscle.
It is used in areas where hepatitis A and B are endemic, for travelers, people with hepatitis C or chronic liver disease, and those at high risk of sexually transmitted diseases.
The combined vaccine is as safe and protective as if given as separate hepatitis A and B vaccines. It is generally well-tolerated. Common side effects are mild and include redness and pain at the injection site, where a small lump may appear. Feeling faint or tired, or a headache may occur. Other side effects include numbness, tingling, rash, bruising, abnormal bleeding such as from the nose or gums, weak muscle or pain. Severe side effects are rare and include an allergic reaction and seizures.
It is widely available.
Administration schedule.
Routine Twinrix vaccination is administered by intramuscular injection in the deltoid area using a schedule of three separate doses at 0, 1, and 6 months ([minimum intervals: 4 weeks between doses 1 and 2, 5 months between doses 2 and 3]). In some circumstances, an accelerated dosing schedule of 0, 7 and 21 to 30 days followed by a booster at 12 months can be used and was shown to have similar efficacy as the traditional schedule.
Efficacy.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reports that clinical trials found the following levels of protection against Hepatitis A and Hepatitis B one month after each dose:
Availability.
Twinrix is a brand manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline Biologicals. The full generic name is hepatitis A inactivated &amp; hepatitis B (recombinant) vaccine. Twinrix is administered over three doses. The name was created because it is a mixture of two earlier vaccines — Havrix, an inactivated-virus Hepatitis A vaccine, and Engerix-B, a recombinant Hepatitis B vaccine. Twinrix first entered the market in early 1997.
In the United States, Twinrix is approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for those aged 18 and older. In some countries outside the United States, notably Canada and in the European Union, Twinrix is known as Twinrix Adult or Ambirix and a pediatric formulation, called Twinrix Junior or Twinrix Paediatric, is available.
Society and culture.
Economics.
By being a combination it may reduce administrative costs and achieve a better uptake of the vaccine.
Brand names.
Brand names include Twinrix, Twinrix Junior, Twinrix paediatric, Ambirix, and Bilive.

</doc>
<doc id="6962055" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962055" title="Making A Go">
Making A Go



</doc>
<doc id="6962061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962061" title="USS Paducah (PG-18)">
USS Paducah (PG-18)

USS "Paducah" (PG-18) was a acquired by the US Navy prior to World War I. Her task was to patrol, escort, and protect Navy ships.
Construction.
"Paducah" (Gunboat No. 18/PG-18) was launched 11 October 1904, by Gas Engine and Power Co. and Charles L. Seabury Co., Morris Heights, New York; sponsored by Miss Anna May Yeiser; and commissioned 2 September 1905. She was reclassified AG–7 in 1919; IX–23, 24 April 1922; and PG–18, 4 November 1940.
Service history.
After shakedown, "Paducah" joined the "Caribbean" Squadron early in 1906 to protect American lives and interests through patrols and port calls to Caribbean and Central American and South American cities. She patrolled Mexican waters in the aftermath of the Vera Cruz incident through the summer of 1914, then returned to her Caribbean operations, performing surveys from time to time.
"Paducah" was ordered north to prepare at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, for European service in World War I, for which she sailed from New York 29 September 1917. She reached Gibraltar 27 October, and based there as convoy escort to North Africa, Italy, the Azores, and Madeira. She attacked a U-boat 9 September 1918 after it had sunk one of her convoy, and was credited with possibly damaging the submarine. Leaving Gibraltar 11 December, "Paducah" reached Portsmouth, New Hampshire, 7 January 1919 to decommission 2 March 1919.
She again recommissioned 16 August 1920 through 9 September 1921 for survey duty in the Caribbean. "Paducah" was commissioned a third time 2 May 1922 for duty training Naval Reservists in the 9th Naval District. She arrived Duluth, Minnesota, 20 June, replacing the USS "Essex" which then became a receiving ship. These training missions included regular two-week cruises, and gunnery practice on Lake Michigan. In addition to regular duties, the ship was used for miscellaneous ceremonial purposes, assisted in the fight against a fire on Isle Royale, and assisted with rescue work when the Mississippi River flooded.
"Paducah" was modified in the early 1930s to run on oil-fired boilers. The triple expansion engines were installed, with boilers fore and aft. Additional modifications included hammock berthing on a new boat deck, and a sheltered main deck between the quarterdeck and the pilot house.
"Paducah" returned to the East Coast of the United States in early 1941, and through World War II, trained Naval Armed Guard gunners in Chesapeake Bay, thus giving vital service to the Merchant Marine's crucial World War II assignment.
Post US Navy service.
Decommissioning 7 September 1945, "Paducah" transferred to the Maritime Commission 19 December 1946, and was sold the same day to Maria Angelo, Miami, Florida. After she was sold in Miami, the ship was obtained by the Zionist group Haganah and renamed "Geula", meaning "Redemption". A volunteer American crew sailed her to Bayonne, France, and from there to Bulgaria. "Geula" embarked 1,388 Jewish refugees and, led by former Spanish Republican Navy commander Miguel Buiza, the ship tried to run the British blockade and bring the refugees to Palestine.
She was intercepted on 2 October 1947 and brought to Haifa, where she was left with other captured "illegal" immigrant ships. Because she was a former naval vessel the newly formed Israeli Navy examined her in 1948 for possible service, but she was not in good shape and was not accepted for service. She was refurbished sufficiently to sail as an Israeli merchant ship and made one trip in late 1948 from Haifa to Naples, Italy. There she was tied up and eventually sold for scrap in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="6962063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962063" title="Religion in Scotland">
Religion in Scotland

As of the 2022 census, None was the largest category of belief in Scotland, chosen by 51.1% of the Scottish population identifying when asked: "What religion, religious denomination or body do you belong to?" This represented an increase from the 2011 figure of 36.7%. 38.8% identified as Christian with most of them declaring affiliation with the Church of Scotland (52.5% of Christians; 20.4% of the total population) and the Catholic Church (34.3% of Christians; 13.3% of the total population). The only other religious persuasions with more than 1% affiliation were 'Other Christian' and Muslim at 5.1% and 2.2% of the total population, respectively.
The Church of Scotland, a Presbyterian denomination often known as The Kirk, is recognised in law as the national church of Scotland. It is not an established church and is independent of state control. The Catholic Church is especially important in West Central Scotland and parts of the Highlands. Scotland's third largest church is the Scottish Episcopal Church. There are also multiple smaller Presbyterian churches, all of which either broke away from the Church of Scotland or themselves separated from churches which previously did so. The 2019 Scottish Household survey had a rate of the proportion of adults reporting not belonging to a religion of 56%. The trend of declining religious belief coincided with a sharp decrease since 2009 in the proportion of people who report that they belong to the Church of Scotland, from 34% to 20% of adults.
Other religions have established a presence in Scotland, mainly through immigration and higher birth rates among ethnic minorities. Those with the most adherents in the 2022 census are Islam (2.2%, up from 1.4% in 2011), Hinduism (0.6%), Buddhism (0.3%) and Sikhism (0.2%). Minority faiths include Modern Paganism and the Baháʼí Faith. There are also various organisations which actively promote humanism and secularism. Since 2016, humanists have conducted more weddings in Scotland each year than either the Catholic Church, Church of Scotland, or any other religion and by 2022 the number of humanist marriages outnumbered all religious ceremonies combined.
Census statistics.
The statistics from the 2022, 2011 and 2001 censuses are set out below.
History.
Christianity was probably introduced to what is now southern Scotland during the Roman occupation of Britain. It was mainly spread by missionaries from Ireland from the 5th century and is associated with St Ninian, St Kentigern, and St Columba. The Christianity that developed in Ireland and Scotland differed from that led by Rome, particularly over the method of calculating Easter and the form of tonsure, until the Celtic church accepted Roman practices in the mid-7th century. Christianity in Scotland was strongly influenced by monasticism, with abbots being more significant than bishops. In the Norman period, there were a series of reforms resulting in a clearer parochial structure based around local churches; and large numbers of new monastic foundations, which followed continental forms of reformed monasticism, began to predominate. The Scottish church also established its independence from England, developing a clear diocesan structure and becoming a "special daughter of the see of Rome" but continued to lack Scottish leadership in the form of archbishops. In the late Middle Ages the Crown was able to gain greater influence over senior appointments, and two archbishoprics had been established by the end of the 15th century. There was a decline in traditional monastic life but the mendicant orders of friars grew, particularly in the expanding burghs. New saints and cults of devotion also proliferated. Despite problems over the number and quality of clergy after the Black Death in the 14th century, and evidence of heresy in the 15th century, the Church in Scotland remained stable.
During the 16th century, Scotland underwent a Protestant Reformation that created a predominantly Calvinist national kirk, which was strongly Presbyterian in outlook. A confession of faith, rejecting papal jurisdiction and the mass, was adopted by Parliament in 1560. The kirk found it difficult to penetrate the Highlands and Islands, but began a gradual process of conversion and consolidation that, compared with reformations elsewhere, was conducted with relatively little persecution. James VI of Scotland favoured doctrinal Calvinism but supported the bishops. Charles I of England brought in reforms seen by some as a return to papal practice. The result was the Bishop's Wars in 1639–40, ending in virtual independence for Scotland and the establishment of a fully Presbyterian system by the dominant Covenanters. After the Restoration of the Monarchy in 1660, Scotland regained its kirk, but also the bishops. Particularly in the south-west many of the people began to attend illegal field conventicles. Suppression of these assemblies in the 1680s was known as "the Killing Time". After the "Glorious Revolution" in 1688, Presbyterianism was restored.
The Church of Scotland had been created in the Reformation. Then the late 18th century saw the beginnings of its fragmentation around issues of government and patronage, but also reflecting a wider division between the Evangelicals and the Moderate Party. In 1733 the First Secession led to the creation of a series of secessionist churches, and the second in 1761 to the foundation of the independent Relief Church. These churches gained strength in the Evangelical Revival of the later 18th century. Penetration of the Highlands and Islands remained limited. The efforts of the Kirk were supplemented by missionaries of the SSPCK, the Society in Scotland for Propagating Christian Knowledge. Episcopalianism retained supporters, but declined because of its associations with Jacobitism. Beginning in 1834 the "Ten Years' Conflict" ended in a schism from the church, led by Dr Thomas Chalmers, known as the Great Disruption of 1843. Roughly a third of the clergy, mainly from the North and Highlands, formed the separate Free Church of Scotland. The evangelical Free Churches grew rapidly in the Highlands and Islands. In the late 19th century, major debates, between fundamentalist Calvinists and theological liberals, resulted in a further split in the Free Church as the rigid Calvinists broke away to form the Free Presbyterian Church in 1893.
From this point there were moves towards reunion, and most of the Free Church rejoined the Church of Scotland in 1929. The schisms left small denominations including the Free Presbyterians and a remnant that had not merged in 1900 as the Free Church. Catholic Emancipation in 1829 and the influx of large numbers of Irish immigrants led to an expansion of Catholicism, with the restoration of the Church hierarchy in 1878. Episcopalianism also revived in the 19th century; the Episcopal Church in Scotland was organised as an autonomous body in communion with the Church of England in 1804. Other denominations included Baptists, Congregationalists, and Methodists. In the twentieth century, existing Christian denominations were joined by the Brethren and Pentecostal churches. Although some denominations thrived, after World War II there was a steady overall decline in church attendance and resulting church closures in most denominations.
Christianity.
Protestantism.
Church of Scotland (Presbyterian).
The British Parliament passed the Church of Scotland Act 1921, recognising the full independence of the church in matters spiritual, and as a result of this and passage of the Church of Scotland (Property and Endowments) Act, 1925, which settled the issue of patronage in the church, the Church of Scotland was able to unite with the United Free Church of Scotland in 1929. The United Free Church of Scotland was itself the product of the union of the former United Presbyterian Church of Scotland and the majority of the Free Church of Scotland in 1900. The 1921 Act recognised the kirk as the national church and the monarch became an ordinary member of the Church of Scotland, represented at the General Assembly by their Lord High Commissioner.
In the second half of the 20th century and afterwards the Church was particularly affected by the general decline in church attendance. Between 1966 and 2006 numbers of communicants in the Church of Scotland dropped from over 1,230,000 to 504,000. Formal membership reduced from 446,000 in 2010 to 398,389 or 7.5% of the total population by year end 2013, dropping to 325,695 by year end 2018 and representing about 6% of the Scottish population. By 2020, membership had fallen further to 297,345 or 5% of the total population. As at December 2021 there were 283,600 members of the Church of Scotland, a fall of 4.6% from 2020. In the ten years period (2011-2021) the number of members has fallen by 34%. As at December 2022, there were 270,300 members of the Church of Scotland. As at December 2023, there were 259,200 members of the Church of Scotland, a fall of 4.1% from 2022. In the last ten years, since 2013, the number of members has fallen by 35%.
In 2016, the actual weekly attendance at a Kirk service was estimated to be 136,910. In the twenty-first century the Church has faced financial issues, with a £5.7 million deficit in 2010. In response the church adopted a "prune to grow" policy, cutting 100 posts and introducing job-shares and unpaid ordained staff. In the 2022 national census, 20.4% of Scots identified their religion as "Church of Scotland", which aligns with a 2019 Scottish Household Survey with showed 20% of Scots self-reported themselves as adherents. By 2023, the Church estimated that around 60,000 people worshipped in church on a Sunday, a drop from 88,000 before the Covid pandemic.
Other Presbyterian denominations.
After the reunification of the Church of Scotland and the United Free Church, some independent Scottish Presbyterian denominations still remained. These included the Free Church of Scotland (formed of those congregations which refused to unite with the United Presbyterian Church in 1900), the United Free Church of Scotland (formed of congregations which refused to unite with the Church of Scotland in 1929), the Reformed Presbyterian Church of Scotland, the Free Presbyterian Church of Scotland (which broke from the Free Church of Scotland in 1893), the Associated Presbyterian Churches (which emerged as a result of a split in the Free Presbyterian Church of Scotland in the 1980s), and the Free Church of Scotland (Continuing) (which emerged from a split in the Free Church of Scotland in 2000). In recent years, four congregations of the International Presbyterian Church have also arisen in Scotland, all founded as a result of evangelicals leaving the Church of Scotland over recent issues. In addition, there are two congregations belonging to the Free Presbyterian Church of Ulster located in Scotland. Similarly, five former Church of Scotland congregations have partnered together within the Didasko Presbytery (Cornerstone Community Church, Stirling; Edinburgh North Church; Gilcomston Church, Aberdeen; Grace Church, Dundee; and The Tron Church, Glasgow). Thus, there are 10 Presbyterian denominations represented within Scotland.
At the 2011 census, 3,553 people responded as "Other Christian – Presbyterian" (i.e. not Church of Scotland), 1,197 as "Other Christian – Free Presbyterian", 313 as "Other Christian – Evangelical Presbyterian Church," and as few as 12 people as "Other Christian – Scottish Presbyterianism". Those identifying with a particular Presbyterian denomination other than the Church of Scotland were:
Free Church of Scotland.
The second largest Presbyterian denomination in Scotland is the Free Church of Scotland with 10,896 people identifying as being of that church at the 2011 census. According to the Free Church, its average weekly attendance at a worship service is around 13,000. According to the 2016 Church Census, Free Church attendance was around 10,000 per week and amounted to 7% of all Presbyterian church attendance in Scotland. As of 2016 there were 102 Free Church congregations, organised into six presbyteries. A significant proportion of Free Church activity is to be found in the Highlands and Islands.
Scottish Episcopal Church.
The Scottish Episcopal Church is the member church of the Anglican Communion in Scotland. It is made up of seven dioceses, each with its own bishop. It dates from the Glorious Revolution in 1689 when the national church was defined as presbyterian instead of episcopal in government. The bishops and those that followed them became the Scottish Episcopal Church.
Scotland's third largest church, the Scottish Episcopal Church has 303 local congregations. In terms of official membership, Episcopalians nowadays constitute well under 1 per cent of the population of Scotland, making them considerably smaller than the Church of Scotland that represents nearly 5 per cent of the Scottish population. 
The all-age membership of the church in 2022 was 23,503 of whom 16,605 were communicant members. Weekly attendance was 8,815. The all-age membership of the church in 2018 was 28,647, of whom 19,983 were communicant members. Weekly attendance was 12,430. For 2013, the Scottish Episcopal Church reported its numbers as 34,119 members (all ages).
Other Protestant denominations.
Other Protestant denominations which entered Scotland, usually from England, before the 20th century included the Quakers, Baptists, Methodists and Brethren. By 1907 the Open Brethren had 196 meetings and by 1960 it was 350, with perhaps 25,000 people. The smaller Exclusive Brethren had perhaps another 3,000. Both were geographically and socially diverse, but particularly recruited in fishing communities in the Islands and East. In the 2011 census 5,583 identified themselves as Brethren, 10,979 as Methodist, 1,339 as Quaker, 26,224 as Baptist, and 13,229 as Evangelical.
Pentecostal churches were present from 1908 and by the 1920s there were three streams: Elim, Assemblies of God and the Apostolic Church. A Holiness movement, inspired by Methodism, emerged in 1909 and by 1915 was part of the American Church of the Nazarene. The 2011 census lists 12,357 Pentecostals and 785 Church of the Nazarene.
Catholicism.
During much of the 20th century and beyond, significant numbers of Catholics emigrated to Scotland from Italy, Lithuania, and Poland. According to the catholic Bishops' Conference of Scotland, there were 676.000 Catholics in 2023.
However, the church has been affected by the general decline in churchgoing. Between 1994 and 2002 Catholic attendance in Scotland declined 19%, to just over 200,000. By 2008, the Bishops' Conference of Scotland estimated that 184,283 attended mass regularly in that year: 3.6% of Scotland's population. According to the 2011 census, Catholics comprise 15.9% of the overall population. In 2011, Catholics outnumbered adherents of the Church of Scotland in just four of the council areas, including North Lanarkshire, Inverclyde, West Dunbartonshire, and the most populous council, Glasgow City. According to the 2019 Scottish Household Survey, 13% of the adult Scottish population identified with Catholicism.
In February 2013, Cardinal Keith O'Brien resigned as Archbishop of St Andrews and Edinburgh after allegations of sexual misconduct against him. Subsequently, there were several other cases of alleged sexual misconduct involving other priests. O'Brien was replaced as Archbishop of St Andrews and Edinburgh by Leo Cushley.
Orthodoxy.
The various branches of Orthodox Christianity (including Russian, Greek, and Coptic) had around 8,900 respondents at the 2011 census.
Non-Trinitarian denominations.
Non-Trinitarian denominations such as the Jehovah's Witnesses with 8,543 respondents in the 2011 census and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints with 4,651 are also present in Scotland. However, the LDS Church claims a much higher number of followers with their own 2009 numbers listing 26,536 followers (in 27 wards and 14 branches).
Islam.
Islam is the second most followed religion after Christianity in Scotland. The first Muslim student in Scotland was Wazir Beg from Bombay (now Mumbai). He is recorded as being a medical student who studied at the University of Edinburgh between 1858 and 1859. The production of goods and Glasgow's busy port meant that many lascars were employed there. Dundee was at the peak of importing jute; hence, sailors from Bengal were a feature at the port. The 1903 records from the Glasgow Sailors' Home show that nearly a third (5,500) of all boarders were Muslim lascars. Most immigration of Muslims to Scotland is relatively recent. The bulk of Muslims in Scotland come from families who immigrated during the late 20th century, with small numbers of converts. In 2022 Muslims represented 2.2 per cent of the Scottish population (119,872, up from 76,737 in 2011). Two important mosques in Scotland are Glasgow Central Mosque and Edinburgh Central Mosque, which took more than six years to complete at a cost of £3.5m and can accommodate over one thousand worshippers in its main hall.
Judaism.
Towards the end of the nineteenth century there was an influx of Jews, most from eastern Europe, escaping poverty and persecution. Many were skilled in the tailoring, furniture, and fur trades and congregated in the working class districts of Lowland urban centres, like the Gorbals in Glasgow. The largest community in Glasgow had perhaps reached 5,000 by the end of the century. A synagogue was built at Garnethill in 1879. Over 8,000 Jews were resident in Scotland in 1903. Refugees from Nazism and the Second World War further augmented the Scottish Jewish community, which has been estimated to have reached 80,000 in the middle of the century.
According to the 2001 census, approximately 6,400 Jews lived in Scotland, however by the 2011 census this had fallen to 5,887. Scotland's Jewish population continues to be predominantly urban, with 80 per cent resident in the areas surrounding Glasgow, primarily East Renfrewshire, that area in particular containing 41% of Scotland's Jewish population, despite only containing 1.7% of the overall population. As with Christianity, the practising Jewish population continues to fall, as many younger Jews either become secular or intermarry with other faiths. Scottish Jews have also emigrated in large numbers to the US, England, and the Commonwealth for economic reasons, as with other Scots.
The formally organised Jewish communities in Scotland now include Glasgow Jewish Representative Council, Edinburgh Hebrew congregation and Sukkat Shalom Liberal Community, Aberdeen Synagogue and Jewish Community Centre, and Tayside and Fife Jewish Community. These are all represented by the Scottish Council of Jewish Communities, alongside groups like the Jewish Network of Argyll and the Highlands, Jewish students studying in Scottish universities and colleges, and Jewish people of Israeli origin living in Scotland.
Sikhism.
According to the 2022 census, Sikhism represented 0.2% of the Scotland's population (10,988). Maharajah Duleep Singh moved to Scotland in 1854, taking up residence at the Grandtully estate in Perthshire. According to the Scottish Sikh Association, the first Sikhs settled in Glasgow in the early 1920s with the first Gurdwara established on South Portland Street. However, the bulk of Sikhs in Scotland come from families who immigrated during the late 20th century.
Hinduism.
According to the 2022 census, 29,929 people identified as Hindu, representing 0.6% of the population of Scotland. The bulk of Scottish Hindus settled there in the second half of the 20th century. At the 2001 Census, 5,600 people identified as Hindu, which then equated to 0.1% of the Scottish population. Most Scottish Hindus are of Indian origin, or at least from neighbouring countries such as Sri Lanka, Pakistan, Nepal, and Bangladesh. Many of these came after Idi Amin's expulsion from Uganda in the 1970s, and some also came from South Africa. There are also a few of Indonesian and Afghan origin. In 2006 a temple opened in the West End of Glasgow. However, it was severely damaged by a fire in May 2010. There are also temples in Edinburgh and Dundee with plans announced in 2008 for a temple in Aberdeen.
Modern Paganism.
Modern Pagan religions such as Wicca, Druidry, and Celtic Reconstructionist Paganism have their origins in academic interest and romantic revivalism, which emerged in new religious movements in the twentieth century. Gerald Gardner, a retired British civil servant, founded modern Wicca. He cultivated his Scottish connections and initiated his first Scottish followers in the 1950s. The Findhorn community, founded in 1962 by Peter and Eileen Caddy, became a centre of a variety of new age beliefs that mixed beliefs including occultism, animism, and eastern religious beliefs. The ancient architectural landscape of pre-Christian Britain, such as stone circles and dolmens, gives pagan beliefs an attraction, identity, and nationalist legitimacy. The rise of pan-Celticism may also have increased the attractiveness of Celtic neopaganism. In the 2011 census 5,282 identified as Pagan or a related belief, and this number rose to 19,113 in the 2022 census. The Scottish Pagan Federation has represented Modern Pagans in Scotland since 2006.
Buddhism.
According to the 2022 census, 15,501 people in Scotland—0.3 per cent—are Buddhist.
Bahá'í Faith.
Scotland's Baháʼí history began around 1905 when European visitors, Scots among them, met `Abdu'l-Bahá, then head of the religion, in Ottoman Palestine. One of the first and most prominent Scots who became a Baháʼí was John Esslemont (1874–1925). Starting in the 1940s a process of promulgating the religion called pioneering by Baháʼís began for the purpose of teaching the religion. This led to new converts and establishment of local Spiritual Assemblies, and eventually a Baháʼí Council for all Scotland was elected under the National Assembly of the Baháʼís of the United Kingdom. According to the 2011 Census in Scotland, 459 people living there declared themselves to be Bahá'ís, compared to a 2004 figure of approximately 5,000 Baháʼís in the United Kingdom.
Irreligion.
Ethnicity.
The table shows the irreligious populations among ethnic groups and nationalities in Scotland.
Religious issues.
Sectarianism.
Sectarianism became a serious problem in the twentieth century. In the interwar period religious and ethnic tensions between Protestants and Catholics were exacerbated by the Great Depression. Tensions were heightened by the leaders of the Church of Scotland who orchestrated a racist campaign against the Catholic Irish in Scotland. Key figures leading the campaign were George Malcolm Thomson and Andrew Dewar Gibb. This focused on the threat to the "Scottish race" based on spurious statistics that continued to have influence despite being discredited by official figures in the early 1930s. This created a climate of intolerance that led to calls for jobs to be preserved for Protestants. After the Second World War the Church became increasingly liberal in attitude and moved away from hostile attitudes. Sectarian attitudes continued to manifest themselves in football rivalries between predominantly Protestant and Catholic teams. This was most marked in Glasgow with the traditionally Catholic team, Celtic, and the traditionally Protestant team, Rangers. Celtic employed Protestant players and managers, but Rangers have had a tradition of not recruiting Catholics. This is not a hard and fast rule, however, as evidenced by Rangers signing of the Catholic player Mo Johnston (born 1963) in 1989 and in 1999 their first Catholic captain, Lorenzo Amoruso.
From the 1980s the UK government passed several acts that had a provision concerning sectarian violence. These included the Public Order Act 1986, which introduced offences relating to the incitement of racial hatred, and the Crime and Disorder Act 1998, which introduced offences of pursuing a racially aggravated course of conduct that amounts to harassment of a person. The 1998 Act also required courts to take into account where offences are racially motivated, when determining sentence. In the twenty-first century the Scottish Parliament legislated against sectarianism. This included provision for religiously aggravated offences in the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 2003. The Criminal Justice and Licensing (Scotland) Act 2010 strengthened statutory aggravations for racial and religiously motivated crimes. The Offensive Behaviour at Football and Threatening Communications (Scotland) Act 2012 criminalised behaviour which is threatening, hateful, or otherwise offensive at a regulated football match including offensive singing or chanting. It also criminalised the communication of threats of serious violence and threats intended to incite religious hatred.
Ecumenism.
Relations between Scotland's churches steadily improved during the second half of the twentieth century and there were several initiatives for co-operation, recognition, and union. The Scottish Council of Churches was formed as an ecumenical body in 1924. The foundation of the ecumenical Iona Community in 1938, on the island of Iona off the coast of Scotland, led to a highly influential form of music, which was used across Britain and the US. Leading musical figure John Bell (born 1949) adapted folk tunes or created tunes in a folk style to fit lyrics that often emerged from the spiritual experience of the community. Proposals in 1957 for union with the Church of England were rejected over the issue of bishops and were severely attacked in the Scottish press. The Scottish Episcopal church opened the communion table up to all baptised and communicant members of all the trinitarian churches and church canons were altered to allow the interchangeability of ministers within specific local ecumenical partnerships.
The Dunblane consultations, informal meetings at the ecumenical Scottish Church House in Dunblane in 1961–69, attempted to produce modern hymns that retained theological integrity. They resulted in the British "Hymn Explosion" of the 1960s, which produced multiple collections of new hymns. In 1990, the Scottish Churches' Council was dissolved and replaced by Action of Churches Together in Scotland (ACTS), which attempted to bring churches together to set up ecumenical teams in the areas of prisons, hospitals, higher education, and social ministries and inner city projects. At the end of the twentieth century the Scottish Churches Initiative for Union (SCIFU), between the Episcopal Church, the Church of Scotland, the Methodist Church, and the United Reformed Church, put forward an initiative whereby there would have been mutual recognition of all ordinations and that subsequent ordinations would have satisfied episcopal requirements, but this was rejected by the General Assembly in 2003.
Irreligion.
Church attendance in all denominations declined after the First World War. By the 1920s roughly half the population had a relationship with one of the Christian denominations. This level was maintained until the 1940s when it dipped to 40% during the Second World War, but it increased in the 1950s as a result of revivalist preaching campaigns, particularly the 1955 tour by Billy Graham, and returned to almost pre-war levels. However, from that point there was a steady decline and by the 1980s it was just over 30%. The decline most affected urban areas and was most noticeable among the traditional skilled working classes and educated working classes, although participation stayed higher in the Catholic Church than the Protestant denominations.
In the 2022 Census, 51.1% of the population identified as 'None' with respect to religious affiliation (in the 2011 census 36.7% had stated they had no religion, while 5.5 per cent did not state a religion. In 2001, 27.5% had stated that they had no religion; compared with 15.5% in the UK overall). A study carried out on behalf of the British Humanist Association at the same time as the 2011 census suggested that those not identifying with a denomination, or who saw themselves as non-religious, may have been much higher at between 42 and 56 per cent, depending on the form of the question asked.
In 2016 the Scottish Social Attitudes Survey found that 52% of people said they are not religious. The decline was most rapid in the Church of Scotland, from 35% in 1999 to 20%, while the Catholic (15%) and other Christian (11%) affiliations remained steady, In 2017, the Humanist Society Scotland commissioned a survey of Scottish residents 16 years and older, asking the question "Are you religious?" Of the 1,016 respondents, 72.4% responded no, 23.6% said yes, and 4% did not answer.
Church attendance has also declined, with two-thirds of people living in Scotland saying they "never or practically never" attend services, compared with 49% when the survey began. Since 2016, humanists in Scotland have conducted more marriages each year than the Church of Scotland (or any other religious denomination).

</doc>
<doc id="6962067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962067" title="Mothra Versus We Are Scientists">
Mothra Versus We Are Scientists



</doc>
<doc id="6962072" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962072" title="Ode to Star L23">
Ode to Star L23



</doc>
<doc id="6962075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962075" title="Ruedi Aebersold">
Ruedi Aebersold

Rudolf Aebersold (better known as Ruedi Aebersold; born September 12, 1954) is a Swiss biologist, regarded as a pioneer in the fields of proteomics and systems biology. He has primarily researched techniques for measuring proteins in complex samples, in many cases via mass spectrometry. Ruedi Aebersold is a professor of Systems biology at the Institute of Molecular Systems Biology (IMSB) in ETH Zurich. He was one of the founders of the Institute for Systems Biology in Seattle, Washington, United States where he previously had a research group.
Aebersold is known for the development and application of targeted proteomics techniques in the field of biomedical research, in order to understand the function, interaction and localization of each protein in the cell and its changes in disease states. To this end, Ruedi Abersold has made significant contributions in the development and application of targeted proteomics methods, including selected reaction monitoring and data-independent acquisition. Ruedi Aebersold is also recognized for its contributions in the development of standard formats and open source software for the analysis and storage of mass spectrometry and proteomics data, and he is one of the inventors of the Isotope-Coded Affinity Tag (ICAT) technique for quantitative proteomics, a technique that measures the relative quantities of proteins between two sample by using tags containing stable isotopes of different masses.
Aebersold is co-founder and scientific advisor of the companies ProteoMediX and Biognosys.

</doc>
<doc id="6962076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962076" title="Western Mustang Band">
Western Mustang Band

The Western Mustang Band (WMB) is the marching band for the University of Western Ontario in London, Ontario, Canada. The band performs at every home football game for the Western Mustangs at TD Stadium in the fall term as well as other athletic events such as basketball and hockey games throughout the year. Its nickname is "The Pride of Western".
The band today comprises brass, percussion, and woodwind instruments played by students from varying faculties on campus, and is led by a drum major.
Other band activities include a variety of Santa Claus parades, Orientation week activities, and social events for the University and the community at large.
History.
Early formation and the Canadian Officer Training Corps.
In 1923, a band was formed under the direction of Sidney Kingsmill on the newly developed University of Western Ontario campus. Kingsmill was a well-known musician at Western and developed a small group of other musicians to join in the parades down to the stadium before a Western rugby game. This group became known as the "University Band". With limited resources, the band did not develop after the fall of 1923. However in 1926, the band restarted under the direction of Bruce Wiley. This new organization had more resources due to financial and administrative assistance from Paul McKibben, the Dean of Western's School of Medicine. During this time, the band got funding through an applied grant and a practice space for marching drill.
Ross Willis organized the band as the director in 1928 and the Canadian Officer Training Corps (COTC) took formal control of the band in 1929. The COTC had access to finances set aside from the Department of National Defence and purchased instruments and sheet music. Under the direction of the COTC, the band got a full uniform and would dress same as the military unit, with the khaki-coloured tunic and pants and a brimmed cap.
The band continued to play at football games and received high praise from the university during this time for increasing school spirit.
In 1932, controversy arose towards the band being at football games. One argument stated that having a band based in military roots was an inappropriate feature and that the band looked "too out of place", being dressed in full military uniforms. Others argued that it is better to have a band attend the games as entertainment than not attend. Ultimately the band continued to appear at football games.
Don Wright's involvement.
Don Wright became involved in the band, playing trumpet while getting his undergraduate degree. He became bandleader in 1933. Although he left after 1933, he came back to direct the band in 1935 after he was asked.
Wright arranged all the music for the band, including the addition of three Herald Trumpets. The trumpets would perform fanfares prior to the entry of the band into the stadium. The instrumentation of the band at this time was standard and included flutes, clarinets, saxophones, as well as brass along with snare drums and a bass drum.
The band started to play Wright's jazz arrangements at football games during this time and became notable amongst the crowds.
In 1936, the University Student Council at Western put on a drive for funds to support the purchase of new uniforms. At this point, the band diverted from the COTC contingent and became known as the Western Mustang Band. The band performed for the first time on October 2, 1937. The band was now organized under the University Student Council.
Notably during this time, the drum major selected was female. Wright purposefully chose Beth Forbes for the position and felt strongly about having a female in the leadership role.
Western Mustang Band.
1940s and 1950s.
The band ceased operations in 1940 due to World War II and all other extra-curricular activities at the university were stopped. Don Wright left the band at this time to help with the war effort.
After the war however, the band reorganized for the 1945 football season.
To increase size, the band opened membership to both Western students and local London high school students in 1950. This program was gradually phased out in the later part of the 1950s.
1953 was the first year the band acquired a female band member, Jane Perkins. Perkins joined the band on trumpet. Up until this point, the only female members in the band were majorettes or colour party members. Popularity grew amongst both genders and in 1957, it was regarded that the band had an entire row of girls.
Marvin Kwitko took over as bandmaster in the 1954 season. He was composed and arranged the music the band played. The band during this time had 45 musicians. Under Kwitko's direction, practices were scheduled four times a week. Kwitko left the band in 1956.
Brien MacDonald became the director after Kwitko in 1956 and helped to get new uniforms. Prior to this, the band had been using the 45 uniforms originally purchased by the USC in 1937. The new uniforms had the same design as the previous, but were updated and made of newer fabric and included shoulder epaulets. The uniforms were purchased with the assistance of the Purple Spur Society and the Alumni Association, who contributed funds to help offset total costs.
1960s.
In 1959, Ron Brown became bandmaster. Under Brown's direction, he instituted daily practice. The band remained at the maximum member count of 45 men. During this time, Brown excluded women from the band as musicians. Women were only allowed in the majorette section. This idea did not change for the entirety that Brown was bandmaster. From 1960 to 1965, Brown grew the band to a size of 65-85 members. The band at this time received positive praise from game attendees and the press.
Brown left as director in 1968 and membership declined that year. At this point, the band size reduced to 22 members.
1970s.
In 1970, the University Student Council president identified the marching band as an extra-curricular in need of support and lobbied the increase funding by $6,000, through the Board of Governors. The new funding provided the band new cost-effective uniforms consisting of purple sweaters with as Western crest, white Stetson hats, white pants and white shoes.
Membership numbers at 45 members in 1971. During this year, the band flew to Halifax to support the football team at the 7th Vanier Cup. In 1974, the band had 64 members in total.
The Band played at the 9th Vanier Cup at CNE Stadium in Toronto, on November 22, 1973, backing up Shirley Eikhard who sang the National Anthem. The next day, the Band marched in the Grey Cup Parade, for the 61st Grey Cup. In 1974, the band performed at the 10th Vanier Cup game at CNE Stadium in Toronto.
1980s to 2010s.
Brad Masters was brought on as director in 1981. Masters secured funding from various organizations, allowing for the purchase of new instruments and uniforms. By the mid-1980s, membership again dwindled, and a series of articles criticizing the band's unprofessional atmosphere began appearing in the Western Gazette. The band languished throughout this era, and would not regain their professional form until the mid-2000s, with the onset of some new instruments and newer uniforms.
The band received full, professional uniforms in 2007. The annual Toronto and London Santa Claus Parades continued to be a part of the band activities every year, as well as the Montreal St. Patrick's Day Parade which was added in 2005.
More activities outside of the traditional marching band circle garnered attention to the band, starting in 2007. The band participated at the request of Marianas Trench in the 2007 MMVA's for their red-carpet entrance. The following year, the band performed with Let's Go to War at the 2008 Virgin Mobile Music Festival in Toronto. This performance mixed both electronic and more traditional genres by utilizing the band instrumentation alongside a DJ.
In recent years, the band has been in Shawn Mendes' 2014 music video for Something Big, performed at the finale of the 2016 Toronto Fashion Week for Greta Constantine playing an arrangement of "Happy" by Pharrell Williams.
2017–2024.
After a successful student-led referendum in February 2015 the band secured stable funding, which enabled it to transition out from under the USC. After 78 years, it became part of a new organizational structure within the Athletics Department under the umbrella of Western Student Experience. Quinn Fleming, a prominent advocate for the referendum at the time, was appointed Director at just 21 years old. Under his leadership, the band experienced significant growth, reaching its largest size and achieving its most notable success since the 1960s.
In 2018, the band performed Fleming's arrangement of Loud Luxury's hit "Body" alongside the cheerleading team as part of the opening act with Loud Luxury at the 2019 Juno Awards. This performance was part of the opening act with. The band continues using many of Fleming's arrangements, including the Western Fight Song, the Alma Mater, I Wanna Go Back to Western U, and his football cheer packs. After Fleming's departure in 2024, the band's size and quality decreased substantially.
Music.
Western Song.
Walter Smither wrote the school song known as "Western," with lyrics written by Margaret Ovens. The melody was originally rejected as a school song while Smither was at Beck Collegiate. In 1930, the melody along with new lyrics was submitted in a contest to the university's student council. It subsequently won and became the official school song of Western University.
In 1931, Don Wright added to the song by including another melody after Smither's original composition. Not an original melody, Wright included an arrangement of the chorus of "Washington and Lee Swing", which is a commonly used school fight song.
"Caninny" cheer.
The school song is traditionally followed by the Western school cheer, "Caninny". This cheer has been used as a spirit cheer by Western students since the early 1920s, originating from early football games.
Composition.
Instrumentation.
The band currently consists of members from various faculties at the University of Western Ontario main campus as well as the affiliated colleges. The instruments used reflect that of most full modern college-level marching bands.
Hornline
Drum major.
Since the band's inception, it has had a drum major as the leader of the band through drill. This position directs the band in motion and movement, as well as conduct the band. The drum major of the Western Mustang Band uses modern college marching band techniques of vocal, whistle, and baton commands to instruct the band.
Student leadership.
The band is composed of a student leadership team which is tasked with the logistics of the day-to-day operations of the band as well as securing future opportunities and functions for the band to participate in. The team is made entirely of band members, and is overseen by the director as well as the Western Athletics Department.
Funding.
In 2015, the band held a successful student referendum securing a steady cash flow of 50 cents from the ancillary fees of every part-time and full-time student. That same year, the band received a donation from the Alumni Association's Legacy Committee primarily for new uniforms. The uniforms were introduced in 2017.
In addition to external funding, band members also pay yearly fees to help offset costs of instrument repairs, uniform cleanings and repairs, busses for events, staff, new music, shoes and other clothing, and any equipment or field rentals.

</doc>
<doc id="6962078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962078" title="Quark Express">
Quark Express



</doc>
<doc id="6962090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962090" title="Vorkuta uprising">
Vorkuta uprising

The Vorkuta uprising was a major uprising of forced labor camp inmates at the Rechlag Gulag special labor camp in Vorkuta, Russian SFSR, USSR from 19 July (or 22 July) to 1 August 1953, shortly after the arrest of Lavrentiy Beria on 26 June 1953. The uprising was violently suppressed by the camp administration after two weeks of bloodless standoff.
Background.
Vorkuta "Rechlag" or Special Camp No. 6 consisted of 17 separate "departments" engaged in construction of coal mines, coal mining and forestry. In 1946 it housed 62,700 inmates, 56,000 in July 1953. A substantial portion of the camp guards were former convicts. According to Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, the uprising was provoked by two unconnected events of June 1953: the arrest of Lavrentiy Beria in Moscow and the arrival of Ukrainian prisoners who, unlike long-term Russian inmates, were still missing their freedom. A similar dissent existed among Baltic, the second largest group, and Polish inmates. Another major factor was the application of the March 1953 general amnesty, issued after the death of Joseph Stalin, to only convicts with criminal sentences and small prison terms, of which there were few in Vorkuta, as a large part of the inmates were political prisoners.
Uprising.
The uprising, initially in the form of a passive walkout, began on or before July 19, 1953, at a single "department" and quickly spread to five others. The initial demands were to give inmates access to a state attorney and due justice, and they quickly changed to political demands. According to the inmate Leonid Markizov, Voice of America and the BBC broadcast regular news about the events in the "Rechlag", with correct names, ranks and numbers. Even without foreign assistance, strikes at nearby sites were clearly visible as the wheels of the mine headframes stopped rotating, and the word was spread by trains, which had slogans painted by prisoners on the sides, and whose crews spread news. The total number of inmates on strike reached 18,000. The inmates remained static within the barbed wire perimeters.
For a week following the initial strike the camp administration apparently did nothing; they increased perimeter guards but took no forceful action against inmates. The mines were visited by State Attorney of the USSR, Roman Rudenko, Internal Troops Commander, Ivan Maslennikov, and other top brass from Moscow. The generals spoke to the inmates who sat idle in camp courtyards, so far peacefully. However, on July 26 the mob stormed the maximum security punitive compound, releasing 77 of its inmates.
On July 31 camp chief Derevyanko started mass arrests of "saboteurs"; inmates responded with barricades. The next day, August 1, after further bloodless clashes between inmates and guards, Derevyanko ordered direct fire at the mob. According to Leonid Markizov, 42 were killed on the spot, 135 wounded (many of them, deprived of medical help, died later). According to Solzhenitsyn, there were 66 killed.
Commemoration.
In Yurshor there is a monument to the Lithuanian victims of the shooting during the Vorkuta uprising at Mine 29 "Yurshor". The monument is the bronze mourning figure surrounded by iron pillars with tops joined by arcs. The composition stands on huge granite slabs. The sculpture of the mourning figure (1990) was designed by sculptor and the monument design (2009) is by architects , Vitaliy Troshin and Vasoly Barmin. The pedestal bears the inscriptions, in the front: in Lithuanian «Tėvynė Lietuva didžiuojasi», same in Latin: «Patria Lituania superbit» [Fatherland Lithuania is proud], in the back: «Tėvynė Lietuva verkia» and «Patria Lituania flet» [Fatherland Lithuania is mourns]. A memorial plaque is attached at the right front supporting granite slab in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="6962098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962098" title="Stade Rochelais">
Stade Rochelais

Stade Rochelais (), commonly called La Rochelle, is a French professional rugby union club based in La Rochelle, France that competes in the Top 14. Founded in 1898 and wearing yellow and black, the club's first-team plays its home matches at Stade Marcel-Deflandre.
Alongside other French club Brive, La Rochelle is one of only two clubs that won the European Rugby Champions Cup (twice in its case; beating Leinster in both 2022 and 2023 finals) without succeeding in winning its domestic championship losing on both occasions against Toulouse in the final: the first time in 2021 and the second in 2023. Owned by several shareholders, including club president and coffee magnate Vincent Merling, the club is renowned for the fervour of its supporters and its continual sold-out home matches.
History.
Originally formed in 1898, Stade Rochelais won three regional Atlantic championships in the early part of the 20th century, qualifying them for the French Championship, where they reached the quarter-finals twice and the semi-finals once. The popularity of rugby league in the area lessened the number of available players, and in 1935 Stade Rochelais merged with neighbours Union Sportive Rochelaise.
Occupation of La Rochelle by troops from Nazi Germany, accompanied by a banning of rugby league by the Vichy Government, forced the city's rugby league club La Rochelle-Etudiants XIII to also be merged into Stade Rochelais in 1941. This was overseen by club President Marcel Deflandre, who was later executed for his role as part of the French Resistance - the club's stadium is named Stade Marcel-Deflandre in his honour.
The club formed a school for training players and coaches in the 1950s, resulting in them reaching the French Championship quarter-finals three times in the 1960s. They were relegated in 1985, returning in 1997. They were again relegated in 2002, though they won the Challenge Yves du Manoir that same year. They retained the Challenge title the following year but were not promoted again until 2010. They spent one season in Top 16 before being relegated again.
Les Maritimes came third in the 2013–14 Rugby Pro D2 season and were promoting after beating Agen in the play-off final.
In May 2022, they won both their first ever trophy and first ever Champions Cup defeating Leinster 24–21 at the Stade Vélodrome.
In May 2023, they retained the Champions Cup again defeating Leinster this time 27–26 at the Aviva Stadium.
Current squad.
The La Rochelle squad for the 2025–26 season is:
Notable former players.
Arnaud, then his son Jean-Pierre and his grandson Jean-Baptiste all played for La Rochelle as scrum-halves.
Coaches.
Well known former coaches include 
The club only had five head coaches from 1992 to 2025 including Ronan O'Gara since 2019.
Leadership and management.
Vincent Merling, president as of 2017, had guided the club for 25 years. He was the driving force behind the "Grow Together" campaign launched in 2015 that persuaded 500 local businesses to support/sponsor the club.

</doc>
<doc id="6962104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962104" title="Superman Red and Superman Blue">
Superman Red and Superman Blue



</doc>
<doc id="6962107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962107" title="Muhammed Abul Manzur">
Muhammed Abul Manzur

Muhammed Abul Manzur (24 February 1940 – 1 June 1981) was a Bangladeshi military officer who commanded the Mukti Bahini force operations in Sector 8 during the Bangladesh Liberation War against Pakistan in 1971. He was allegedly involved in the assassination of the then-president of Bangladesh, Ziaur Rahman. Former Prime Minister Khaleda Zia (President Ziaur’s widow) accused Hussain Muhammad Ershad of orchestrating President Ziaur’s assassination as well as Manzur's murder. In 1995, Manzur's older brother filed a case to investigate Manzur's murder, with Ershad named as the prime suspect in the case.
He had been awarded the Bir Uttam by the Bangladeshi government for his actions in the Bangladesh Liberation War. At the time of his death, he was the general officer commanding (GOC) of the 24th Infantry Division headquartered at Chittagong.
Early life.
Manzur was born on 24 February 1940 into a Bengali Muslim family in the village of Gupinathpur in the Bengal Presidency of British India (now in Brahmanbaria District, Bangladesh). His ancestral paternal home was in the village of Kamalpur in Chatkhil, Noakhali.
He was a student in Calcutta before enrolling at the Armanitola Government High School in Dacca at class five. He moved to attend school in PAF College Sargodha in first entry (54, Tempest), Punjab, West Pakistan, and passed the Senior Cambridge and ISc examinations in 1955 and 1956, respectively. Manzur earned an intermediate degree from the Sargodha Air Force Cadet College and studied at Dacca University in East Pakistan for a year.
Military career.
Following his graduation, Manzur joined the Pakistani Army, subsequently attending the Pakistan Military Academy and the Defence Services Staff College in Canada, where he obtained his PSC in 1968 and joined the East Bengal Regiment of the Pakistan Army as a commissioned officer.
After the War of Liberation began in 1971, Manzur was a brigade major of a para commando brigade close to the Indian border. He escaped from West Pakistan to India with Major Abu Taher, Major Mohammad Ziauddin, and Captain Bazlul Ghani Patwari and with his family. From there, they made their way to Bangladesh, and Manzur joined up with fellow officers from East Bengal. He quickly became a prominent officer within the ranks and won many battles in his sector. He commanded Sector – VIII during the Liberation War from September 1971 to victory in December 1971.
In 1974–76, he was posted in New Delhi as military attaché in the High Commission of Bangladesh to India. Known for his tenacity, keen eye for strategy, and formation of loyalty from colleagues, in 1975 he was promoted to colonel. Upon his return to Dhaka in 1977, he was promoted to brigadier. After the 1977 Bangladesh Airforce Mutiny, he suggested that the air force be disbandedand replaced with an army aviation wing.
He was later given the role of GOC of the 24th Infantry Division. This put him in direct opposition to General Zia as he wanted to stay in Dhaka, which had better facilities and luxuries. He offered to instead serve as Commandant of the Defence Services Command and Staff College, but he was denied. This was because Zia wanted to separate him and his main rival, Mir Shawkat Ali. In 1980, he was promoted to Major General at the age of 41. He was one of the youngest generals of a front-line force in South Asia's history.
Role in assassination of Ziaur Rahman.
General Hussain Muhammad Ershad, Chief of Army Staff, transferred Major-General Manzoor to a non-combatant post in Dhaka as commandant of the Defence Services Command and Staff College. Manzoor was the general officer commanding (GOC) of Chittagong, and freedom fighters placed under his command were given the highest posts. Once the transfer order was sent to Manzoor, he launched a coup on the morning of 30 May, and ordered the killing of President Ziaur Rahman at the then Chittagong Circuit House. After an ultimatum for surrender by the government, most of Manzoor's troops had abandoned their posts or had joined the government, which ended the rebellion. Later, government soldiers retook the radio station, and Bangladesh Radio announced a 500,000 taka reward for capture -dead or alive- of Manzoor.
Although the assassination of President Ziaur Rahman was carried out in Chittagong on 30 May 1981, the military "coup d'état" failed. Major-General Manzoor went on radio to speak to the nation. According to the historian Anthony Mascarenhas in his "Bangladesh: A Legacy of Blood," Manzoor effectively isolated Chittagong from the rest of the country. Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Hussain Muhammad Ershad, quickly ordered to suppress any such action and issued orders to kill or capture Manzoor. Manzoor surrendered without incident to the police in Fatikchari. Manzoor was reported to have been killed on spot by angry soldiers on 2 June 1981. Other reports say he was killed in Chittagong Cantonment by an army officer sent from Dhaka. In less than a year, Lt-General Hussain Muhammad Ershad took over the country in a bloodless coup.
Trial.
On 28 February 1995, Manzur's elder brother, Abul, filed a murder case with Panchlaish Police Station 14 years after his killing. Jatiya Party Chairman HM Ershad was made the prime accused in the case. Other accused are Maj (retired) Kazi Emdadul Haque, Lt Col (retired) Mostafa Kamaluddin Bhuiyan, Lieutenant Colonel (retired) Shams, and Major General (retired) Abdul Latif.
Family and legacy.
Manzur's widow, Rana Yasmeen Manzur and their two daughters and two sons received political asylum in the US. He was considered a war hero as Sector 8 commander in the Liberation War.

</doc>
<doc id="6962108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962108" title="Gasoperation">
Gasoperation



</doc>
<doc id="6962121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962121" title="Stylianos Kyriakides">
Stylianos Kyriakides

Stylianos "Stelios" Kyriakides (; 15 January 1910 – 10 December 1987) was a Greek Cypriot marathon runner who came first at the Boston Marathon in 1946, with the aim of raising money to provide food and shelter to the Greeks, who were experiencing severe poverty after the Second World War and Greek Civil War.
Biography.
Kyriakides was born in the mountain village of Statos, near Paphos, Cyprus on 15 January 1910. 
The youngest of five children, born prematurely, he left home to find work and help his poor farming family. Following a variety of jobs he ended up as a ‘house-boy’ for Dr Reginald Cheverton, a British medical officer. (Cyprus was still under British rule at the time.) An athlete himself, Cheverton encouraged the 22-year-old Kyriakides to start running, coached him, gave him his first running gear, and taught him to speak English.
At his first Pan-Cyprian games in 1932, Kyriakides won both the 1,500 and 10,000 metres on Friday, followed by both the 5,000 and 20,000 metres on Sunday. Hailed as a great talent, he was asked to run in the national championships in Greece, where he came first in the Marathon. Kyriakides finished second behind Bert Norris in the marathon event at the British 1935 AAA Championships.
Kyriakides competed for Greece in the 1936 Summer Olympics, placing eleventh. He was invited by his friend and fellow Berlin marathoner, Johnny Kelley, to participate in the Boston Marathon in the late 1930s. On the day of the marathon, he wore new shoes, which injured his feet and caused him to drop out of the race. He took a taxi to the finish line, but told "The Boston Globe", "Someday, I'm going to come back and win this race."
He returned to Greece, and survived the German occupation during World War II. Between 1942 and 1944, Kyriakides was part of the Greek resistance. With the Greek Civil War raging, he returned to win the 1946 Boston Marathon. In order to get there, he had to sell his furniture, enabling him to buy a single ticket. According to a newspaper report, he was running with Johnny Kelley near the end, when an old man shouted from the crowd, 'For Greece, for your children!', inspiring him to pull away and win the race in 2:29:27, the fastest marathon time of 1946, and 14 minutes faster than his previous best time. According to "Life" magazine, he shouted 'For Greece' as he crossed the finish line. He begged America for its help—and Americans responded. When he returned to Greece, he arrived with 25,000 tons of supplies in American aid, including $250,000 in cash. Over one million Greeks from all over the country lined the streets of Athens to greet him. Johnny Kelley purchased the shoes that Stelios Kyriakides used in his victory.
In 1948, Kyriakides finished eighteenth in the Olympic marathon at the London Games. He died in Athens in 1987.
A sculpture of Kyriakides called 'The Spirit of the Marathon' was unveiled in 2004, at the 1-mile mark of the marathon in Hopkinton. It was commissioned by the Hopkinton Athletic Association and was dedicated in 2006 to mark the 60th anniversary of Kyriakides' victory in the 1946 race.
"'The winner of the 50th Boston Marathon, Kyriakides used his victory as a call to action to aid his war and famine-ravaged homeland. Kyriakides, who narrowly escaped execution during World War II during the Nazi occupation of Greece, hadn't run in six years when he came to Boston in 1946, with the help of Greek-American benefactors (George Demeter and Spear Demeter). He was emaciated from the lack of food in war-ravaged Greece, and at one point was told by doctors in Boston he wouldn't be allowed to run because they were afraid he would die in the streets. That backdrop only added to the almost mythic race performance, in which Kyriakides came on at the end to defeat the defending champion and set the best time in the world for 1946. Nearly a million people greeted him on his return to Athens in May 1946, when he came back with boat loads of food, medicine, clothing and other essentials donated by Americans who read of his victory."'
The "Package Kyriakides".
Following the 1946 Boston Marathon, Kyriakides stayed for about a month in America, gathering economic aid for Greece. As his victory raised sympathy from Americans and Greeks, he eventually managed to reach an amount of 250.000 Dollars while the Livanos family sent two ships with basic necessities (food, clothing and medicine). This assistance was called 'Package Kyriakides'. In May 1947, a year after his victory and as a result of the publicity given to the economic problems of Greece as a result of the Boston Marathon, the US government sent an amount of 400.000 Dollars before the Marshall Plan. On 23 May 1946, Kyriakides returned to Greece, where about one million Greeks greeted him as a hero. Then, a formal ceremony was held at the Temple of Zeus, where Kyriakides stating 'I am proud to be Greek', which moved the crowd. For the first time since the Nazi Occupation, the Acropolis was illuminated in his honor.
Honours.
Overall, Stelios Kyriakides was a 14-time winner in Pancyprian games (two in a marathon) and Greek champion 11 times (three in a marathon). In 1933, in his first participation in the Balkan races, he finished second behind Romanian Gal. In 1934 in Zagreb he won the first gold medal out of six in the Balkan games (4 in a marathon). With the Greece national team scored a total of 36 best national performance and has participated in two Olympic Games in Berlin in 1936 and London in 1948.
Stelios Kyriakides was awarded the Grand Cross of the Phoenix by King of the Greeks. He has also been honored for his contribution from the municipalities of Athens, Piraeus, Filothei, Patras, as well as the Governor of Massachusetts, the Olympic Committee of USA, and others. In the Sports Museum in Massachusetts there is a permanent exhibition in honor of Stelios Kyriakides, with the title 'Stylianos Kyriakides - Running for mankind'. In 2004—after an award from the Athletic Federation of Hopkinton—the City of Hopkinton ( MA ) unveiled a statue called 'The Spirit of the Marathon' on the route of the Boston Marathon, one mile from the starting point. The sculpture presents Stelios Kyriakides running besides Spyros Louis, who shows him the way to victory. In 2006, the statue was dedicated on the 60th anniversary of his victory. A copy of the same sculpture has been placed in the Municipality of Marathon in Greece.
On 25 May 2017, Pafiako Stadium, located in the city of Pafos, Cyprus, changed its name to Stelios Kyriakides Stadium.
In 2020 he was commemorated by a stamp from the Cyprus post.

</doc>
<doc id="6962128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962128" title="Sunan Ibn Majah">
Sunan Ibn Majah



</doc>
<doc id="6962132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962132" title="Grotrian diagram">
Grotrian diagram

A Grotrian diagram, or term diagram, shows the allowed electronic transitions between the energy levels of atoms. They can be used for one-electron and multi-electron atoms. They take into account the specific selection rules related to changes in angular momentum of the electron. The diagrams are named after Walter Grotrian, who introduced them in his 1928 book "Graphische Darstellung der Spektren von Atomen und Ionen mit ein, zwei und drei Valenzelektronen" ("Graphical representation of the spectra of atoms and ions with one, two and three valence electrons").
External links.
Volumes with Grotrian diagrams of most elements.
"Atomic energy-level and Grotrian diagrams" by Stanley Bashkin and John O. Stoner Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="6962137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962137" title="Gas-operated">
Gas-operated



</doc>
<doc id="6962140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962140" title="Spotomatic Freeze">
Spotomatic Freeze



</doc>
<doc id="6962145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962145" title="The Bomb Inside the Bomb">
The Bomb Inside the Bomb



</doc>
<doc id="6962150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962150" title="Minomucchi">
Minomucchi



</doc>
<doc id="6962164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962164" title="Maggots (Corpse Bride)">
Maggots (Corpse Bride)



</doc>
<doc id="6962167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962167" title="Theodore A. Mondale">
Theodore A. Mondale



</doc>
<doc id="6962182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962182" title="Thargelia (hetaera)">
Thargelia (hetaera)

Thargelia () was a renowned hetaera in ancient Greece who is said to have been married fourteen times.
According to Plutarch, she was born in Ionia and "made her onslaughts upon the most influential men" of her times. Thargelia was noted for her physical beauty and was endowed with grace of manners as well as clever wits. Plutarch asserts that Thargelia "attached all her consorts to the King of Persia" and sought for the spreading of Persian sympathy in the cities of Greece by means of her clients, "who were men of the greatest power and influence". She is said to have lived for a long time in Thessaly, where she successfully propagandized the Persian policy.

</doc>
<doc id="6962184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962184" title="Dene Tha' First Nation">
Dene Tha' First Nation

The Dene Thá (/'tɛnɛ ðɑː/) First Nation is a First Nations government of the South Slavey in Northern Alberta, Canada. The people call themselves Dene Dháa (sometimes spelled Dene Tha' or Dene Th'a) or 'Ordinary People' in the Dene Dháh language. Its population is centered primarily in three communities: Bushe River, Meander River, and Chateh (formerly known as Assumption), but approximately 600 members who live off-reserve. Dene Thá First Nation is Treaty 8 nation and a member of the North Peace Tribal Council.
Territories.
The following areas are reserved for the Dene Thá: Amber River 211, Bistcho Lake 213, Bushe River 207, Hay Lake 209, Jackfish Point 214, Upper Hay River 212, and Zama Lake 210 The total area of the reserves is .
Until the 1950s, the Dene Thá lived a semi-nomadic lifestyle and hunted in their traditional territory, which included land in the northwestern corner of Alberta, the southern Northwest Territories, and the northeastern corner of British Columbia. Today, many live in permanent settlements in and around Bushe River, Meander River, and Chateh.
The Dene Thá First Nation signed Treaty 8 in 1900.
Demographics.
 the First Nations registered population was 2871 with 2017 members living on reserves or crown land and 854 members living off reserve.
Language.
Dene Dháh (/'dɛnɛ ðɑh/) translates to 'Dene language' is the preferred name for the language spoken by the Dene Thá, but linguists and anthropologists commonly refer to the language simply as a dialect of South Slavey. It has been called Slavey, South Slavey, Alberta Slavey, and Dene, a catch-all term which encompasses several Northern Athabaskan language groups.
Dene Dháh, the only variety of South Slavey spoken in Alberta (Dene Zhatié is spoken in the Northwest Territories), belongs to the Northern Athabaskan subgrouping of the Athabaskan language family. It is closely related to languages such as Dane-Zaa, Kaska, Dëne Sųłiné, and Tłı̨chǫ Yatıì"."
Dialects.
Dene Dháh has three distinct dialects: 
Each dialect name translates to "It's like that" and exhibits variation typical of the dialects.
Linguistic vitality.
Most Dene Dháa adults speak Dene Dháh as their first language, and the language is still being passed on to children. In 2006, a survey conducted among school-aged children in Chateh reported a native-speaker proficiency rate of 65%.

</doc>
<doc id="6962193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962193" title="Athabasca Chipewyan First Nation">
Athabasca Chipewyan First Nation

The Athabasca Chipewyan First Nation (ACFN, ) is a band government. It represents local people of the Denesuline (Chipewyan) ethnic group. It controls eight Indian reserves: Chipewyan 201 and Chipewyan 201A through Chipewyan 201G, near Fort Chipewyan, Alberta. The band is party to Treaty 8, and is a member of the Athabasca Tribal Council.
The ancestors of today's ACFN were evicted from Wood Buffalo National Park by the Government of Canada beginning in 1944, according to research published by the band.
The band launched a court challenge in 2007 to an oilsands lease given to Shell Canada by the provincial government which, the band alleged, they were not given a chance to oppose. In 2011, the band lost its suit, but planned to appeal to the Supreme Court of Canada.
The band was the focus of Neil Young's 2014 concert campaign against the Athabasca oil sands development. In the wake of that the band withdrew from the Oil Sands Monitoring program, which they say lacks input from aboriginal peoples and does not address treaty rights.
Chief Allan Adam was arrested by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police in March 2020, tackling him and punching him severally in the head whilst he lay on the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="6962196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962196" title="Frazier School District">
Frazier School District

The Frazier School District is a rural public school district located in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, about 35 miles south of Pittsburgh. It serves the boroughs of Perryopolis and Newell, and the townships of Perry, Jefferson, and Lower Tyrone. Frazier School District encompasses approximately 83 square miles. According to 2000 federal census data it serves a resident population of 8,531. By 2010, the district's population declined to 8,006 people. The educational attainment levels for the Frazier School District population (25 years old and over) were 88.8% high school graduates and 16.1% college graduates. The district is one of the 500 public school districts of Pennsylvania.
According to the Pennsylvania Budget and Policy Center, 40.5% of the district's pupils lived at 185% or below the Federal Poverty Level as shown by their eligibility for the federal free or reduced price school meal programs in 2012. In 2009, Frazier School District residents’ per capita income was $16,262, while the median family income was $39,438 In the Commonwealth, the median family income was $49,501 and the United States median family income was $49,445, in 2010. In Fayette County, the median household income was $39,115. In 2013 the Pennsylvania Department of Education, reported that less than 10 students in the Frazier School District were identified as homeless. In 2014, the median household income in the USA was $53,700.
Frazier School District is named for a wealthy Perryopolis resident named Mary Fuller Frazier, who provided the struggling school district then named Perry Area with an endowment. Frazier is the smallest district in Fayette County. The district operates three schools. There is one elementary school, one middle school, and one high school. The elementary and middle school are connected together. All three schools sit on the campus in Perryopolis Borough. There is also a library that is open to the community and an athletic field. Frazier opened the new Frederick L. Smeigh Learning Center in August 2015 which houses all K-8 students.
The Intermediate Unit IU1 provides the district with a wide variety of services like specialized education for disabled students and hearing, background checks for employees, state mandated recognizing and reporting child abuse training, speech and visual disability services and criminal background check processing for prospective employees and professional development for staff and faculty.
Extracurriculars.
Frazier School District offers a variety of clubs, activities and sports.
Sports.
The district funds:
According to PIAA directory July 2022
Vocational - Technical Services.
Frazier High School uses the services of the Central Westmoreland Career and Technology Center in New Stanton

</doc>
<doc id="6962207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962207" title="Kurt Elshot">
Kurt Elshot

Kurt Elshot (born 3 July 1977) is a Dutch former professional footballer. He usually played as a defender in a right-back position. He has formerly played for FC Groningen and NAC Breda.
Club career.
Youth.
Elshot was born in Paramaribo, Suriname. As a youth, he moved to Geleen, a town in Limburg, the Netherlands. At age six, he moved to Groningen in the northern part of the country, and this was also where he started his footballing career, at local amateur side . Some years later, he moved to GVAV-Rapiditas, an amateur club known as one of FC Groningen's feeder clubs. He was therefore brought to FC Groningen in 1995 and was introduced to the first team a year later.
Professional.
On 31 March 1996, Elshot made his Eredivisie debut in an away match against FC Utrecht where he replaced Mathias Florén as a substitute in the 70th minute. Elshot would go on to appear in 243 league matches for Groningen, in which he scored 4 goals. On 22 March 2005, Elshot signed a five-year contract with NAC Breda, which would keep him at the club until 2010. He was released from the club in 2010, following financial troubles at the club.
On 2 August 2010, Elshot won the prize for "Most Fashionable Footballer 2010", hosted by "Esquire", for the footballer in the Dutch Eredivisie with the best fashion style.
Fashion career.
After retiring as a player, Elshot became a fashion designer.

</doc>
<doc id="6962208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962208" title="Suzanne Jacob">
Suzanne Jacob

Suzanne Jacob (born 1943) is a French Canadian novelist, poet, playwright, singer-songwriter, and critic.
Life and career.
Born in the town of Amos, in the Abitibi region of Québec, she studied classics at the Collège Notre-Dame de l'Assomption in Nicolet, and also attended classes at the "Atelier de théâtre" and the "École de musique".
After moving to Montreal, she attended the University of Montreal where she studied literature and art history. During this time she appeared in two performances of the experimental theatre group, Les Apprentis-Sorciers, a theatrical group that opened up the doors of Montréal to modernist and experimental performance. She taught French between 1966 and 1974. It was at this time that she began to write and perform monologues, poems and songs. In 1970, she won the Prix du Patriote for singer-songwriter of the year. That same year she participated in the Spa festival in Belgium.
Her first novel, "Flore Cocon", was published in 1978. It was also in this year that, with Paul Paré and Patricia Gariépy, she founded the publishing house Le Biocreux. Jacob was the literary director of this publishing house for several years. Suzanne Jacob contributed to a number of literary reviews, including "Liberté" and "La Gazette des femmes". She also recorded two albums, "Suzanne Jacob" (1979) and "Une humaine ambulante" (1980).
Her abundant and diverse output has resulted in novels, essays, short stories, poems, commentary, performance pieces, plays, and installations. Of her work she has said, that from the beginning she has continually tried to use fiction as a way of creating discrepancies, breaks, and uncertainty in the monolithic set of beliefs that surround us, and that without these discrepancies nothing would shake the rigidity of fundamentalism. In 1992 and 1993 she was writer in residence at the University of Montréal.
She has lectured in Québec, the United States, Europe and South America. She is a member of the Academy of Arts and Letters of Quebec. She received the Governor General's Award and the Prix Paris-Quebec for her novel "Laura Laur" (1983). She also received the Governor General's Award for "La Part de Feu" (1997), which was also awarded the First Prize for Poetry by the Société Radio Canada.
"Laura Laur" was later adapted by Brigitte Sauriol into the 1989 film "Laura Laur".
In 2000, Jacob collaborated with Charles Binamé on the film script for "La Beauté de Pandore". In 2002 and 2003 she acted in the television dramas "Trop jeune pour être père" and "Footsteps". In 2007 Suzanne Jacob received the Félix-Antoine-Savard poetry prize for the group of poems entitled "Ils ont été nombreux à répondre", which appeared in issue Number 125 of the literary review Estuaire.

</doc>
<doc id="6962215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962215" title="Pg-18">
Pg-18



</doc>
<doc id="6962216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962216" title="Haapai">
Haapai



</doc>
<doc id="6962220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962220" title="Karl Volmoeller">
Karl Volmoeller



</doc>
<doc id="6962221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962221" title="Shafiullah">
Shafiullah



</doc>
<doc id="6962225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962225" title="Iota and Jot">
Iota and Jot

In formal language theory and computer science, Iota and Jot (from Greek iota ι, Hebrew yodh י, the smallest letters in those two alphabets) are languages, extremely minimalist formal systems, designed to be even simpler than other more popular alternatives, such as lambda calculus and SKI combinator calculus. Thus, they can also be considered minimalist computer programming languages, or Turing tarpits, esoteric programming languages designed to be as small as possible but still Turing-complete. Both systems use only two symbols and involve only two operations. Both were created by professor of linguistics Chris Barker in 2001. Zot (2002) is a successor to Iota that supports input and output.
Note that this article uses Backus-Naur form to describe syntax.
Universal iota.
Chris Barker's universal iota combinator has the very simple λf.fSK structure defined here, using denotational semantics in terms of the lambda calculus,
From this, one can recover the usual SKI expressions, thus:
Because of its minimalism, it has influenced research concerning Chaitin's constant.
Iota.
Iota is the LL(1) language that prefix orders trees of the aforementioned Universal iota combinator leafs, consed by function application ,
iota = "1" | "0" iota iota
so that for example denotes formula_1, whereas denotes formula_2.
Jot.
Jot is the regular language consisting of all sequences of 0 and 1,
jot = "" | jot "0" | jot "1"
The semantics is given by translation to SKI expressions.
The empty string denotes formula_3,
formula_4 denotes formula_5,
where formula_6 is the translation of formula_7,
and formula_8 denotes formula_9.
The point of the formula_8 case is that the translation satisfies formula_11 for arbitrary SKI terms formula_12 and formula_13.
For example,
formula_14
holds for arbitrary strings formula_7.
Similarly,
formula_16
holds as well.
These two examples are the base cases of the translation of arbitrary SKI terms to Jot given by Barker,
making Jot a natural Gödel numbering of all algorithms.
Jot is connected to Iota by the fact that formula_17 and by using the same identities on SKI terms for obtaining the basic combinators formula_18 and formula_19.
Zot.
The Zot and Positive Zot languages command Iota computations, from inputs to outputs by continuation-passing style, in syntax resembling Jot,
zot = pot | ""
pot = iot | pot iot
iot = "0" | "1"
where produces the continuation formula_20,
and produces the continuation formula_21,
and consumes the final input digit by continuing through the continuation .

</doc>
<doc id="6962226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962226" title="Jim Herrmann">
Jim Herrmann

James Herrmann (born December 8, 1960) is an American football coach and former player. He is currently head coach of the Raiders Tirol in the European League of Football. Prior to that, he was linebackers coach for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League (NFL) and the Bowling Green Falcons football team. He played college football at the University of Michigan from 1980 to 1982 and served as an assistant football coach at Michigan from 1985 to 2005, including nine years as defensive coordinator from 1997 to 2005. After the 1997 Michigan Wolverines football team won the national championship, Herrmann received the Frank Broyles Award as the top assistant coach in the nation. He also served as the New York Jets' linebackers coach from 2006 to 2008. He was Defensive Coordinator for the New York Guardians and for the San Antonio Brahmas of the XFL.
Early life.
Herrmann was born in 1960 and raised in Dearborn Heights, Michigan. He attended Divine Child High School in Dearborn. He played defensive end for Divine Child football team.
Playing career.
Herrmann enrolled at the University of Michigan in 1979 and played college football as an inside linebacker for head coach Bo Schembechler's Michigan Wolverines football teams from 1980 to 1982. He started one game at inside linebacker for the 1980 Michigan team, but was otherwise a backup to Andy Cannavino, Paul Girgash, and Mike Boren. In three years at Michigan, Herrmann compiled 65 tackles and three pass breakups.
Coaching career.
In 1985, Herrmann returned to the University of Michigan as an assistant football coach. He was promoted to the status of a full-time assistant coach at age 29 in December 1989. His responsibilities included linebackers and special teams. In December 1996, following the departure of Greg Mattison, Herrmann took over as Michigan's defensive coordinator. In December 1997, after Michigan completed an undefeated season ranked #1 in the AP Poll, and having led the nation in total yards, scoring and pass efficiency, Herrmann won the Frank Broyles Award as the year's top assistant college football coach.
In 2004, the Michigan defense gave up 279 points (23.2 points per game), including 75 points in losses to Ohio State and Texas in the final two games. Criticism of Herrman grew during the 2005 season and became even more heated as Michigan lost five games, compiled its worst record in 21 years, and gave up 244 points in 2005 (20.3 points per game). In February 2006, Herrmann left Michigan to accept a position as linebackers coach with the New York Jets. "The Michigan Daily" reported at the time that it was not clear whether "Herrmann chose to leave or fled before [he] could be fired or demoted."
Herrmann served as the linebacker coach for the New York Jets from 2006 to 2008. In January 2009, he was hired as the linebackers coach for the New York Giants. On January 14, 2016, Herrmann was hired as the linebackers coach for the Indianapolis Colts.
In February 2019, he was named associate head coach and linebackers coach for Bowling Green, but instead joined the New York Guardians of the XFL as defensive coordinator.
Herrmann was officially hired by the San Antonio Brahmas on September 13, 2022
Personal life.
Herrmann is married to May Chamoun. Jim has three children: Jessica, Cory, and Timothy. May has one daughter: Christine 

</doc>
<doc id="6962234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962234" title="Kargopolsky Raion">
Kargopolsky Raion



</doc>
<doc id="6962247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962247" title="Kholmogorsky Raion">
Kholmogorsky Raion



</doc>
<doc id="6962248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962248" title="Kashaya (Jainism)">
Kashaya (Jainism)

In Jainism, kashaya ("kaṣāya"; loose translation: "Passion") are aspects of a person that can be gained during their worldly life. According to the Jaina religion, as long as a person has Kashayas, they will not escape the cycle of life and death. There are four different kinds of Kashayas, each being able to gain their own kinds of intensity.
Overview.
According to the Jain text "Sarvārthasiddhi", "He who has passions causes injury to himself by himself. Whether injury is then caused to other living beings or not, it is immaterial."
Spiritually, the goal of Jainism is to rid oneself of the worldly life and become free from the cycle of reincarnation. When one develops attachment or passions, this hinders the spiritual progress of their soul. Jainas believe that by reacting without passion and staying tranquil, one can break the cycle which forms more karma.
The Four Kashayas.
The four "kaṣāya" are: "krodha" (anger), "lobha" (greed), "mana" (ego) and "maya" (deceit). Out of the many causes of bondage, emotions or passions are considered as the main cause of "bandha" or bondage. The karmas are literally bound on account of the stickiness of the soul due to existence of various passions or mental dispositions. The passions like anger, pride, deceit and greed are called sticky ("kaṣāyas") because they act like glue in making karmic particles stick to the soul resulting in "bandha". The karmic inflow on account of "yoga" driven by passions and emotions cause a long term inflow of karma prolonging the cycle of reincarnations. On the other hand, the karmic inflows on account of actions that are not driven by passions and emotions have only a transient, short-lived karmic effect. Hence the ancient Jain texts talk of subduing these negative emotions: Negating kashayas can be done by remembering the opposites of kasahayas: the opposite of Krodha (Anger) is Kshama (Forgiveness). To avoid the kashaya of krodha, one needs to remember to forgive. The opposite of lobha (greed) is Daan (Charity), one needs to remember to give away. The opposite of Mana (Ego) is humility, one needs to be humble. The opposite of Deceit is honesty, one needs to be honest in all conditions in order to repudiate the kashaya of deceit. 
The most difficult to overcome of the kashayas is that of Greed. 
When one wishes that which is good for him, he should get rid of the four faults—anger, pride, deceit and greed—which increase the evil. Anger and pride when not suppressed, and deceit and greed when arising: all these four black passions water the roots of re-birth.
—"Daśavaikālika sūtra, 8:36–39"
Levels of Intensity.
The degrees of strength of the kasayas are illustrated by examples. The 4 species of anger are to be likened unto a line drawn in stone, in earth, in dust and in water. The first can only be removed with great effort, each following one always more easily. Likewise also, the lifelong enduring anger is only combated in its effect with exceeding strength and difficulty whilst the effect of the three remaining species accordingly diminishes in power and can, therefore, also more easily be destroyed. The degrees of pride are to be likened unto a pillar of stone, a bone, a piece of wood, and the vine of a creeper; the inflexibility correspondingly decreases. The species of deceitfulness are to be compared to a bamboo root, the horn of a ram, the urine of a cow, and a piece of wood. The crookedness of each of these is removed more easily than in the one preceding it. (The zig zag line of the cow's urine disappears through the influence of wind and weather.) The degrees of greed correspond to scarlet colour, to greater or smaller dirt, and to a spot of turmeric, which soil a garment: the scarlet is hardly removable, the dirt with more or less trouble, and the spot of turmeric can be removed with ease.

</doc>
<doc id="6962252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962252" title="Trickster (disambiguation)">
Trickster (disambiguation)

In mythology and folklore, a trickster is a god, goddess, spirit, human hero or anthropomorphic animal who plays pranks or otherwise disobeys normal rules and conventional behaviour.
Trickster may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6962257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962257" title="Treaty Debates">
Treaty Debates



</doc>
<doc id="6962260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962260" title="Dena'ina Civic &amp; Convention Center">
Dena'ina Civic &amp; Convention Center



</doc>
<doc id="6962276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962276" title="Target (Embrace song)">
Target (Embrace song)

"Target" is a song by English rock band Embrace and is featured on their number-one charting fifth album, "This New Day". It was released on 11 September 2006 as the follow-up to the band's official World Cup 2006 Anthem. It did not repeat the top 3 success of their two recent singles from their album, peaking at #29 in the UK Singles Chart and was their last song to reach the UK top 40.
Charts.
"Target" spent 2 weeks in the UK Singles Chart in September 2006, peaking at number 29. The single was a number one hit in the UK independent singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="6962278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962278" title="Mankanya people">
Mankanya people

The Mankanya people (; ; self-designed as "Ba-hula") are an ethnic group native to West Africa, more precisely the Senegambian region and Guinea. They make up a notable ethnic group in the countries of the region, namely Senegal, The Gambia and Guinea-Bissau. Their religion is predominantly Roman Catholic, yet keep a strong tradition of animism. They speak Mankanya, a language belonging to the Bak group (Niger–Congo).
They are also known as Bola, Brame, Mancagne, Mancanha, Mankagne, and Mankaya.

</doc>
<doc id="6962295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962295" title="MV Ilala">
MV Ilala

MV "Ilala, formally Ilala II", is a ferry that has plied Lake Malawi in East Africa since 1951. Every week she crosses the lake all the way north to Chilumba, Malawi, near Tanzania (about from Monkey Bay) and then returns to Monkey Bay. She carries both passengers and freight, and calls at major towns on both the Malawian and Mozambican coast, as well as at two islands of the lake (Likoma and Chizumulu).
While the ferry is often late (reportedly by as much as 24 hours or more) and has sometimes broken down she remains the most important means of long-distance transport for the people living on the coast of the lake. She is long overall, has a gross tonnage of 620 tons and can accommodate up to 365 passengers and 100 tons of cargo.
History.
Yarrow Shipbuilders at Scotstoun near Glasgow, Scotland built "Ilala" for Nyasaland Railways in 1949. As she was the second boat to be built for service on Lake Malawi (the first being built in 1875 at Poplar), and her predecessor was called "Ilala", the ship was formally named "Ilala II", but she is now commonly called just "Ilala" and this is also how the name is painted on the hull. In turn, the first "Ilala" was named after the Ilala region of Zambia, where David Livingstone was first buried.
Once built, the ship was dismantled and transported to Malawi (then Nyasaland) in pieces, first by ship to Mozambique and then from Beira, Mozambique by rail and road to Chipoka. She is operated by Malawi Lake Services and based in Monkey Bay, Malawi (on the southern end of the lake); She began operating in 1951, and has run continuously since then, except for periods of maintenance. She also survived several groundings. Some steel panels have been repaired over time, and she was re-engined in the 1990s. When "Ilala" has been out of service for maintenance, she was usually replaced by a companion, newer ferry called (which means "peace" in Chewa), which otherwise only cruises the southern part of the lake. The also provides additional coverage for "Ilala".
References in culture.
British historian, traveller and writer Oliver Ransford thus describes life aboard the MV "Ilala" in his book "Malawi, Livingstone's Lake":
The ship has been depicted in several postage stamps of Nyasaland/Malawi. In 2009, BBC Radio 4 and the BBC World Service broadcast a travelogue-style tribute in occasion of the "Ilala"s 60th anniversary, with interviews with managers, crew, passengers and tourists.
Route.
The MV "Ilala" weekly calls at the following places (they are visited in this order when the boat is going north, and in the inverse order when the boat goes back south):
In the past, the ship used to reach further north to Karonga and the short strip of the northern coast of the lake belonging to Tanzania, but this route has been discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="6962301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962301" title="Tabernacle School District">
Tabernacle School District

The Tabernacle School District is a community public school district that serves students in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade from Tabernacle Township, in Burlington County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey.
As of the 2020–21 school year, the district, comprising two schools, had an enrollment of 658 students and 53.4 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 12.3:1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "GH", the third-highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
Public school students in Tabernacle Township in ninth through twelfth grades attend Seneca High School located in Tabernacle Township, which serves students in ninth through twelfth grade from Shamong, Southampton, Tabernacle and Woodland Townships. The school is part of the Lenape Regional High School District, which also serves students from Evesham Township, Medford Lakes, Medford Township, Mount Laurel Township, Shamong Township and Woodland Township. As of the 2020–21 school year, the high school had an enrollment of 1,073 students and 103.6 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 10.4:1.
Schools.
Schools in the district (with 2020–21 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:
Board of education.
The district's board of education, composed of nine members, sets policy and oversees the fiscal and educational operation of the district through its administration. As a Type II school district, the board's trustees are elected directly by voters to serve three-year terms of office on a staggered basis, with three seats up for election each year held (since 2012) as part of the November general election. The board appoints a superintendent to oversee the district's day-to-day operations and a business administrator to supervise the business functions of the district.

</doc>
<doc id="6962305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962305" title="Sonic the Hedgehog (Archie comic)">
Sonic the Hedgehog (Archie comic)



</doc>
<doc id="6962307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962307" title="Ronnie Stam">
Ronnie Stam

Ronnie Theodorous Stam (born 18 June 1984) is a Dutch former professional footballer who mostly played as a right back.
Club career.
Early career.
After starting his footballing career with amateur side PCP, the eight-year-old Stam joined hometown club NAC Breda. He played in the youth of NAC for five years, before he was picked up by Dutch giants Feyenoord. He played very well, and was invited for the Dutch national under-14 team. In May 2001, Stam was also invited to play for the Dutch national under-16 team, that participated in the U16 European Championship in England. Despite his best efforts to join IPS he was beaten to the right back position by Andy Finch.
Eventually, Stam was at Feyenoord's youth academy for five years, but he decided to return to NAC Breda, where the chances for a breakthrough were bigger. In the beginning, he only played for the reserves, but soon he became a part of NAC's first team. His debut came on 25 May 2003, where he was substituted in the 84th minute for club top scorer, Orlando Engelaar.
NAC Breda.
The following season, Stam played his first European match against Newcastle United. NAC had lost the away-match with 5–0, and that meant that the return at home was completely indifferent. Stam was in the starting lineup for NAC, and although he got a yellow card, and the match was lost 0–1, he played strongly and left a good impression.
Stam quickly became known for being a strong and motivated player, and not least he had a fantastic work ethic. Though, he had a hard time getting a spot in the starting lineup. But halfway the 2005–06 season, everything changed for Stam. NAC coach, Cees Lok, was looking for a suitable replacement for the injured left back, Tony Vidmar. He decided to place Stam on that position, and that worked out great.
In the summer of 2006, Stam was offered a contract extension by NAC. He signed the contract which had a duration of 3 years.
In the summer of 2008, FC Twente managed to sign Stam shortly before the end of the transfer deadline at a transfer fee of 2.5 million euros.
FC Twente.
On 13 September 2008, Stam made his debut for FC Twente in the home match against NEC. He started on the right back position, and the match ended 1–1. On 14 December 2008, Stam scored his first goal for Twente, in the away match against FC Groningen. The match ended in a 1–4 victory for the side from Enschede. On 25 June 2010, Stam was named Twente's player of the season for 2009–10.
Wigan Athletic.
He signed for Wigan Athletic on 30 July 2010 on a three-year contract. The fee was rumoured to be around £2 million. Stam made his debut in a friendly match against Real Zaragoza. He scored his first goal for Wigan against Bolton Wanderers on 5 January 2011. In the aftermath of his transfer, Stam announced in May 2011 that he had gone to court because Twente still owed him €150,000 as part of the transfer conditions. On 22 November 2011, the subdistrict court ruled in his favour. Stam won the FA Cup with Wigan in 2013. It was the first time in the tournament's history that the club advanced to beyond the quarter-finals. Stam himself only came into action in the Round of 16. Stam played for Wigan for three seasons, suffering relegation from the Premier League in his final year.
Later career and retirement.
On 9 July 2013, Stam signed a three-year contract with Belgian club Standard Liège, who had finished sixth in the Belgian First Division A in the previous season, on a free transfer. There, he finished first in the league table with the club at the end of the regular season in his first season. In the following play-offs, Standard finished in second place, behind eventual title winners Anderlecht. Stam made 21 league appearances that season. In his second season, he was mostly a reserve and only appeared in two league games. Standard terminated his ongoing contract on 1 July 2015.
After Stam had practiced with his former club NAC Breda for a few weeks, he signed a three-year contract there in July 2015. As the club had just suffered relegation, he would compete in the second-tier Eerste Divisie for the first time in his career. He and his teammates finished third in the regular season that year and thus qualified for the 2016 promotion play-offs. Willem II, however, knocked them out, preventing NAC from returning to the Eredivisie. This was followed by an exodus at the Breda club. Joey Suk, Kevin Brands, Uroš Matić, Kenny van der Weg, Mats Seuntjens and Sjoerd Ars, among others, left for other clubs, Jelle ten Rouwelaar retired and Donny Gorter had his contract terminated. This, in combination with recurrent injuries, meant that Stam retired from professional football entirely in June 2016.
International career.
Stam received his first and eventually only call up for the Netherlands national team in July 2010, for a friendly against Ukraine. He missed the game due to an injury.
Legal issues.
In June 2024, Ronnie Stam and multiple family members were arrested on suspicion of trading drugs and money laundering. In September 2024, it was revealed that the illegal drug trade concerned 2217 kilograms of cocaine. In August 2025, Stam was convicted to seven years in prison for his role in importing 700 kilograms of cocaine, as well as money laundering.
Honours.
Twente
Wigan Athletic

</doc>
<doc id="6962313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962313" title="Lepisma saccharina">
Lepisma saccharina



</doc>
<doc id="6962318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962318" title="Konoshsky Raion">
Konoshsky Raion



</doc>
<doc id="6962319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962319" title="Stockman field">
Stockman field



</doc>
<doc id="6962323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962323" title="Metallica Discography">
Metallica Discography



</doc>
<doc id="6962331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962331" title="Hunters Creek, Erie County">
Hunters Creek, Erie County



</doc>
<doc id="6962333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962333" title="Nogai Tatars">
Nogai Tatars



</doc>
<doc id="6962341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962341" title="PG18">
PG18



</doc>
<doc id="6962347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962347" title="Ronald Reagan assassination attempt">
Ronald Reagan assassination attempt



</doc>
<doc id="6962351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962351" title="Monjur">
Monjur



</doc>
<doc id="6962352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962352" title="Thavanur">
Thavanur

Thavanur (Tavanur, Thavanoor, or Tavanoor) is a village on the southern bank of the Bharathapuzha, the longest river in Kerala, in the Malappuram District of Kerala State, India. It is located at the border of Tirur and Ponnani Taluks. The Bharathappuzha River separates Thavanur from the towns of Tirunavaya and Kuttippuram in Tirur Taluk.
Education.
Kelappaji College of Agricultural Engineering &amp; Technology campus is located in Thavanur village on the southern bank of Bharathapuzha.
History.
Thavanur village is located on the banks of the river Bharathappuzha. There is a proverb about the place name history that "Thapassanur" became Thavanur. According to popular belief, the name Tapassanoor is derived from the legend that centuries ago sages performed penance on the shore. The caves and pottery found here are cited as examples of this view. The village was located at the southern tip of the medieval "Vettathunadu", a vassal kingdom of the Zamorin of Calicut, which had ruled parts of present-day Tirurangadi, Tirur, and Ponnani Taluks in Malappuram District. "Vellayil Mana" and "Tavanur Mana" were the two most famous Nambudiri "Mana"s in the Thavanoor "Amsom". There is a proverb in the area, "The word of the Vellayil and the money of Thavanur". This proverb is the culmination of the rivalry between these "Mana"s and the supremacy of the aristocracy. Thavanur village is famous for its "Kavus". "Pappinikkavu", "Chundekkavu", "Karimpiyankavu", "Velampullikkavu" and "Bharanikkavu" are some of the famous "Kavus" here. 
The activities of the national movement in Thavanur became active with the arrival of K. Kelappan, popularly known as "Kerala Gandhi", and a leader of the Indian National Congress. Thavanur became his career path when he became a teacher in Ponnani. The reason why the scratches of the Malabar Rebellion did not occur here was due to the combined tireless efforts of K. Kelappan along with the Attakoya of Ponnani, a Muslim theologian and Muslim League leader. The freedom struggle intensified here in 1942 with the Indian National Congress meeting held at "Pappinikavu Maidanam" in Thavanur. It was also the beginning of the first collective struggle against British rule. Vasudevan Namboothiri, NP Damodaran, Advocate Raman Menon, Gopalakurup, PK Menon and Madambath Govindan Menon were among the prominent leaders of that meeting. With the immersion of Mahatma Gandhi's ashes here in 1948, Thavanur became more famous. Thavanur was also the working platform of Kozhipurath Madhava Menon and A V Kuttimalu Amma who reached at higher position of the national movement.
Formal education began here in the early 20th century with the establishment of the Malabar Board School at Thrikkanapuram. This school is now functioning as GLP School Thrikkanapuram. After that the Kalady Board Elementary School (now Kalady GLPS) at Pulluvanpady and the SSUPS School at Andyalamkudam were established in Thavanur. There was also a Harijan Welfare School in Maravanchari for the education of Harijans. The present KMG Vocational Higher Secondary School was the Sarvodayam Post Basic School established by Kelappaji near the tomb. The Rural Institute was another great institution. It is now known as the 'Kelappaji College of Agricultural Engineering &amp; Technology'. The first bus service was started in the year 1940 in this panchayath which used to have only ox carts and horse carts. The service was extended to Ponnani - Edappal - Kandanakam - Kuttippuram Kadavu. Electricity reached the area in the 1950s. The first post office of the panchayat was established in 1950 at Thavanur.

</doc>
<doc id="6962355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962355" title="Wilfried Dalmat">
Wilfried Dalmat

Wilfried Dalmat (born 17 July 1982) is a former footballer who played as a midfielder. Born in mainland France, he played for the Saint Martin national team.
Club career.
Early career in France.
Dalmat started his career in the youth team of U.S. Chambray-lès-Tours. In 1996, he moved to FC Nantes, where he was promoted to the first team in 2000. He won the Ligue 1 title with Nantes in 2001, and the following season, he played as a substitute and scored, as Nantes won the 2001 Trophée des Champions. He made his first appearances in the UEFA Champions League on 11 September 2001, against PSV Eindhoven.
In January 2002, he moved to Olympique Marseille, with whom he came in ninth overall place. In the summer, he returned to Nantes, before leaving for LB Châteauroux of the Ligue 2 in the winter transfer window.
After a fifth place, he moved within the second-highest French tier to Grenoble, where he also remained the half season.
Stints in Italy and Spain.
In the spring of 2004, he signed a contract with U.S. Lecce, for which he made 10 appearances in the Serie A. For the following season, he returned to Grenoble. Dalmat spent the 2005–06 season in Spain with Racing Santander, who escaped relegation by one point, finishing 17th.
Stints in Belgium.
Dalmat then moved to Belgium to RAEC Mons, finishing 8th and 16th respectively, in his two seasons with the club. In 2008, he signed with Standard Liège, where he won his second league title, as well as his second Super Cup.
In the summer of 2010, he moved to Standard's rivals, Club Brugge.
Later years.
On 10 December 2013, he signed a six-month contract with Greek club Panetolikos F.C. He was released on 9 April 2014.
He joined Solières Sport of the Belgian Second Amateur Division in January 2021. He left the club in October, citing "personal reasons".
International career.
Born in France of Martiniquais descent, Dalmat made his debut with the Saint Martin national football team on 5 September 2019, in a 4–0 loss against Barbados in a match valid for the 2019–20 CONCACAF Nations League. Three days later, he also scored his first international goal in a 2–1 loss against U.S. Virgin Islands.
Personal life.
Dalmat's brother, Stéphane, is a retired footballer. In the 2005–06 season, the two brothers played together for Racing de Santander.
Honours.
Nantes
Standard Liège

</doc>
<doc id="6962359" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962359" title="Inta Klimovica">
Inta Klimovica



</doc>
<doc id="6962360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962360" title="Florida State Road 37">
Florida State Road 37

State Road 37 (SR 37) is a state highway in Manatee and Polk counties in Florida, United States, that also passes through the very extreme southeast corner of Hillsborough. It connects Florida State Road 62 (SR 62) in Duette, Florida with Florida State Road 35 / Florida State Road 600 (Main Street) in Lakeland. It is signed as Church Avenue in Mulberry and South Florida Avenue in Lakeland.
Route description.
From its southern terminus at SR 62 in the tiny town of Duette in Manatee County, it travels in a northeastern direction, briefly entering the "Four Corners" section of Hillsborough County before entering Polk County. For most of its length south of Florida State Road 60 (SR 60) in Mulberry, SR 37 is a lonely stretch of road with oak hammocks and occasional phosphate mines. From SR 60 to its northern terminus at West Main Street in Lakeland, it serves as the north/south dividing line of the street grids of both Mulberry and Lakeland.
History.
The road was originally built to provide easy access between Bradenton (via SR 62) and Lakeland, although it was mostly bypassed after the construction of the faster I-4 and I-75.

</doc>
<doc id="6962370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962370" title="Patacones">
Patacones



</doc>
<doc id="6962375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962375" title="Severus of Avranches">
Severus of Avranches

Severus of Avranches was born to a poor peasant family in France. According to historian Georges Goyau, Severus was a sixth century shepherd, "...who was perhaps Bishop of Avranches"
He was a shepherd in his youth. After joining the priesthood, he rose through the ranks of monk, priest and later abbot. He eventually became bishop of Avranches. It appears that he was dragged by the local clergy from his forest cell to undergo consecration. In his later years, he resigned his bishopric and returned to monastic life.

</doc>
<doc id="6962378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962378" title="Arne Slot">
Arne Slot

Arend Martijn "Arne" Slot (; born 17 September 1978) is a Dutch professional football manager and former player who is the head coach of club Liverpool. He is regarded as one of the best managers in the world.
Slot played as a midfielder for FC Zwolle, where he won the Eerste Divisie in 2002, NAC Breda and Sparta Rotterdam before retiring as a player back at PEC Zwolle, where he won another Eerste Divisie title in 2012. 
He started his managerial career in the academy of PEC Zwolle and as an assistant at Cambuur before taking over as co-head coach at the latter. In 2017, he became an assistant at AZ, where he was appointed head coach in 2019. Slot became head coach of Feyenoord in 2021. He led the club to the 2022 UEFA Europa Conference League final in his first season and won the club the Eredivisie and the KNVB Cup in subsequent seasons. He joined Liverpool in 2024, leading the side to a Premier League title in his first season at the club.
Early life and playing career.
Arend Martijn Slot was born on 17 September 1978 in Bergentheim, where he was raised. Slot started his football career at amateur side VV Bergentheim. He then moved to FC Zwolle, where he got into the first team as a 17-year-old in 1995. Slot started his professional career struggling with injuries and little playing time under the management of Jan Everse, but eventually became a goal-scoring attacking midfielder in Zwolle. In 2002, FC Zwolle won the Eerste Divisie to return to the Eredivisie after 13 years. Slot moved to NAC Breda in the same year.
Under the management of Henk ten Cate, NAC Breda finished fourth in the Eredivisie in Slot's first season, NAC Breda's best league finish since 1956. Slot played his only games in European football in the first round of the UEFA Cup in 2003 as NAC Breda lost 5–0 and 0–1 to Newcastle United. He joined Sparta Rotterdam in the summer of 2007 before returning to FC Zwolle in the Eerste Divisie on a loan deal in 2009, before signing a permanent deal in 2010. FC Zwolle won the Eerste Divisie in 2012 to return to the Eredivisie, where Slot played one final season before retiring as a player. According to teammate Edwin de Graaf, he was "not so fast". Everse believes that despite a lack of physicality, Slot got the most out of his playing career due to his passing and vision.
Coaching career.
Early career.
According to teammate Bram van Polen, Slot behaved like a coach at PEC Zwolle in his final years as a football player. After retiring from playing in 2013 at PEC Zwolle, Slot moved onto the club's staff, working as a youth coach for a year, before being appointed as an assistant coach of Henk de Jong at Cambuur. After De Jong left the club in 2016, Slot remained an assistant coach at Cambuur under the management of Marcel Keizer and Rob Maas. The club were relegated to the Eerste Divisie after finishing bottom of the Eredivisie in 2016. On 15 October 2016, Slot became interim coach together with Sipke Hulshoff after Maas was fired. On 5 January 2017, Cambuur announced that Slot and Hulshoff would remain head coaches for the remainder of the season after "excellent results" and a "pleasant way of working".
Slot and Hulshoff helped Cambuur climb from 14th to third place in the league, missing out on promotion to the Eredivisie after losing to MVV in the play-offs. In the KNVB Cup, Cambuur reached the semi-finals for the first time in its club history, having knocked out record winners Ajax. The club missed out on the final after losing to AZ on penalties.
AZ.
In 2017, Slot left Cambuur to join AZ, working as an assistant to John van den Brom. AZ's technical director Max Huiberts called Slot "experienced, studious, innovative and ambitious". AZ finished third and fourth in the Eredivisie in 2018 and 2019 and lost the 2018 KNVB Cup final to Feyenoord. On 10 December 2018, it was announced that Slot would succeed Van den Brom as head coach for the 2019–20 season.
Slot became the first coach to win 19 points in his first eight Eredivisie games at AZ. In his first season in charge, AZ reached the round of 32 of the UEFA Europa League. The same season, the Eredivisie was cancelled midway due to the COVID-19 pandemic. AZ finished second behind Ajax on goal difference, although no title was awarded for the season. The following season, AZ got knocked out by Dynamo Kyiv in the UEFA Champions League third qualifying round. In the UEFA Europa League group stage, AZ beat Napoli 0–1, which Slot called "a historic win for AZ standards". On 5 December 2020, Slot was sacked as head coach of AZ for not being focused on the team, having recently negotiated a deal with Feyenoord. At the time, AZ was in seventh place in the Eredivisie. In his time at AZ, Slot earned 2.11 points per game in the Eredivisie, the highest of any coach in the club's history.
Feyenoord.
On 15 December 2020, Feyenoord announced that the club had reached a deal with Slot for him to become the club's new coach from the start of the 2021–22 season. The deal would see Slot sign for two years, with Feyenoord having the option to extend his contract for a third year. Slot succeeded the experienced Dick Advocaat, who led the team to fifth place in the Eredivisie and qualification to the UEFA Europa Conference League Qualifiers. Slot was appointed to build a new team with a recognisable playing style. Marino Pušić (first assistant coach) and Robin van Persie (field coach) were added to his staff, while John de Wolf was retained as second assistant coach.
During Slot's first season, Feyenoord reached the round of 16 in European football for the first time in twenty years, finishing ahead of Slavia Prague, Union Berlin and Maccabi Haifa in the UEFA Europa Conference League group stage. On 25 February 2022, Feyenoord used the club option to extend Slot's contract until 2024. In the knock-out stage of the Europa Conference League, the club knocked out Partizan, Slavia Prague and Marseille to reach the inaugural Europa Conference League final. Feyenoord lost the final 1–0 to Roma in Tirana and finished in third place in the Eredivisie. Slot was awarded the Rinus Michels Award for the Eredivisie Manager of the Year.
Ahead of the 2022–23 season on 24 July 2022, Slot extended his contract at Feyenoord for a year, until 2025. Feyenoord won a UEFA Europa League group of Midtjylland, Lazio and Sturm Graz to reach the round of 16 of Europe's secondary club football tournament for a first time since 2002. In the round of 16, Feyenoord beat Shakhtar Donetsk 7–1 on 17 March 2023, Feyenoord's biggest win in European football since 1995. With the win, Slot overtook Ernst Happel and Bert van Marwijk to become the first Feyenoord manager to have won 15 matches in European football. Feyenoord were eventually knocked out in the quarter-finals of the UEFA Europa League by Roma and in the semi-finals of the KNVB Cup by Ajax. On 14 May 2023, Feyenoord beat Go Ahead Eagles 3–0 to win the Eredivisie, the club's first league title since 2017 and sixteenth in the club's history. In the following weeks, Slot was heavily linked with the vacant manager's job at Tottenham Hotspur. By the end of the month, Slot announced he would be remaining with Feyenoord and extended his contract with a year, to mid-2026. Slot was awarded the Rinus Michels Award for Eredivisie Manager of the Year in June 2023, becoming the fourth coach to win the award for consecutive editions.
In the 2023–24 season, Feyenoord were knocked out of the UEFA Champions League group stage, finishing third in a group with Atlético Madrid, Lazio, and Celtic, and then knocked out by Roma for a third consecutive season, losing on penalties in the UEFA Europa League knock-out round play-offs. By managing the second leg against Roma, Slot equalled a club record of Van Marwijk of managing 36 European games. On 21 April 2024, Feyenoord beat NEC in the final to win their 14th KNVB Cup. Many pundits have described Arne Slot as one of the best coaches in the history of Feyenoord, as he combined results with developing players and playing attacking, attractive football. His final game on 19 May was a 4–0 home win over city rivals Excelsior Rotterdam, to finish as runners-up to PSV Eindhoven.
Liverpool.
2024-25: Inaugural season and Premier League title.
In April 2024, it was reported that Premier League side Liverpool had reached an agreement with Feyenoord for Slot to manage the club at the end of the season, replacing the departing Jürgen Klopp. Slot confirmed this news in May. On 20 May, Liverpool announced that Slot would become head coach on 1 June 2024, subject to a work permit. On 17 August, he won his first Premier League match with the club after a 2–0 win away at Ipswich Town. He was the first Liverpool manager since Gérard Houllier in 1998 to win his first game in charge. He beat club rivals Manchester United 3–0 on his first visit to Old Trafford in his third game as manager on 1 September, becoming only the second Liverpool manager to win in his first match at Old Trafford, after George Kay in 1936. Shortly after, Slot became the first Premier League manager to win his first 6 away games, the quickest Premier League manager to reach 15 wins in all competitions and the first Liverpool manager to win the first 11 out of 12 matches at the start of a season. 
On 27 November, Liverpool beat Real Madrid during their Champions League matchup with a 2–0 scoreline, ending Liverpool's 15-year winless run against the defending European champions. Following Liverpool's strong start to the season, Slot won Premier League Manager of the Month for November 2024. Slot's Liverpool went into 2025 9 points clear at the top of the Premier League (since matchday 6) and also on top of the Champions League (since matchday 4). They qualified for the Champions League round of 16 after finishing top of the league. He reached his first final with Liverpool, the 2025 EFL Cup final after defeating Tottenham Hotspur 4–1 on aggregate in the semi-finals. In the final, Liverpool lost 2–1 to Newcastle United.
On 27 April 2025, Liverpool defeated Tottenham Hotspur 5–1 to clinch the club's first Premier League title since 2019–20. Slot became the seventh manager in Premier League history to win a league title in their first season, and the first since Antonio Conte with Chelsea in 2016–17. He also became the first Dutch manager to win the Premier League.
2025-26.
Prior to the beginning of the 2025-26 season, forward Diogo Jota was killed in a car accident with his brother in Cernadilla, Northern Spain. Slot quoted in a statement: "For us as a club, the sense of shock is absolute. Diogo was not just our player. He was a loved one to all of us. He was a teammate, a colleague, a workmate and in all of those roles he was very special." Slot attended Jota's funeral in Porto on 5 July 2025, alongside several other Liverpool players and staff.
Personal life.
Slot and his wife Mirjam have two children. Mirjam remained in the Netherlands with the two children when Slot joined Liverpool in order to prioritize their education with both sitting exams in 2025.
Honours.
Player.
Zwolle
Manager.
Feyenoord
Liverpool
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="6962379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962379" title="Kotlassky Raion">
Kotlassky Raion



</doc>
<doc id="6962380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962380" title="Bulgaria–Greece relations">
Bulgaria–Greece relations

Bulgaria–Greece relations are the bilateral relations between the Republic of Bulgaria and the Hellenic Republic.
Due to the strong political, cultural and religious ties between the two nations, Bulgaria and Greece today enjoy healthy diplomatic relations and consider each other a friendly nation and an ally.
Greece is a strong supporter of Bulgaria's Euro-Atlantic integration and entry into the Schengen Area. Bulgaria and Greece share common political views about the Balkans, the enlargement plans of the European Union and the rest of the world, with Bulgaria having been a supporter of Greece's stance on the Macedonia naming dispute. Modern relations between the two countries were established in 1908 and are regarded as excellent despite the Axis occupation of Greece by Bulgaria, Italy and Germany during World War II.
Both countries are full members of the Council of Europe, the European Union and NATO.
History.
The common heritage of both nations played a significant role in the close relations between the two countries, ever since the Medieval Ages, between Southern Slavs and Byzantine Greeks (the Byzantine Empire played a prominent role in spreading of the Orthodox Christianity to Bulgaria and the rest of the Balkans). The missionaries Cyril and Methodius from the city of Thessalonica were the founders of the Glagolitic script and the first literary language of the Slavs, from which the modern Bulgarian Language evolved.
Between the late 14th century and the early 15th century, both Bulgaria and Greece came under Ottoman rule for nearly five centuries. During this period the Bulgarian Patriarchate was abolished and the Patriarch of Constantinople was declared by the Ottoman Sultan as the spiritual leader of all the Orthodox Christians in the Ottoman Empire, regardless of their ethnicity. In the 19th century the Bulgarians began a struggle for the restoration of an independent Bulgarian church, which was met with stiff opposition by the Constantinople Patriarchy. While the Bulgarian Orthodox Church was restored in 1872, the Ecumenical Patriarchate, refused to recognize it until much later, in 1945, and especially after the collapse of the Ottoman Empire and the end of the Balkan and World Wars.
In the earlier 20th century the relations were affected by periods of intense mutual hostility. Since Bulgaria's independence in 1908, Greece and Bulgaria took part in three major wars in opposite coalitions, the Second Balkan War (although they were allies at the First Balkan War), the First World War and the Second World War, plus the Cold War, and they even fought a "Stray dog war" in 1925.
After the World War II, the relations between Greece and Bulgaria have been flourishing, and as the Greek President Konstantinos Tsatsos said during the Bulgarian leader Todor Zhivkov's visit to Athens in April 1976, "the old controversies have been forgotten and the hatchet buried forever". Greece became a firm supporter of Bulgaria's EU membership and was the fifth EU member state and the first old member state to ratify the Accession Treaty. Since Bulgaria joined NATO in May 2004, Greek-Bulgarian relations have been developing on all fronts, and the Greek Ministry of Foreign Affairs describes relations between Greece and Bulgaria as "excellent".
In 2018, declassified documents of the Communist Bulgaria revealed a plan to foment crisis between Turkey and Greece in 1971. The operation codenamed "Cross" and the plan was that Bulgarian secret agents would set fire on the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople and make it look like the work of Turks. The declassified documents state that "[a]n intervention" in the religious entity would have "significantly damage[d] Turkish-Greek relations and force[d] the United States to choose one side in the ensuing crisis". In addition, the Bulgarians also planned to boost the effect of its operation against Greece and Turkey by conducting "active measures […] for putting the enemy in a position of delusion." The plan was developed by the 7th Department of the First Main Directorate of the DS (intelligence and secret police services of communist Bulgaria), and was affirmed by Deputy Head of the Directorate on 16 November 1970, and approved by its Head. The operation was supposed to be prepared by the middle of 1971 and then executed, but it was abandoned.
Bilateral relations and cooperation.
Diplomatic relations were established in 1908. Bulgaria has an embassy in Athens and Greece has an embassy in Sofia. Greece is the top investor and one of Bulgaria's main trade partners. Both states are co-operating in many fields, such as political, judicial, energy and tourism. There are regular high-level visits between the two countries, and frequent contacts between the two countries' governments and the local authorities on various matters concerning individual sectors, such as the control of flow of the Maritsa River (also known as Evros) of which the overflow during times of strong rainfall, threatens the towns and villages in the regions it flows through. Big projects currently in running between the two countries include the touristic development and the gas pipelines. Official meetings between the two governments and the Presidents of the State are frequent and the armies of both states cooperate and are co-training in a regular basis as part of the NATO training programme.
Educational cooperation.
Greek and Bulgarian university professors created the "Hellenic Educational Association of Sofia" after the collapse of communism in Bulgaria, which assists the Bulgarian students who learn Greek. Also the "Federation of Cultural and Educational Associations of Karakatsani of Bulgaria" helps the 15,000 Sarakatsani in receiving education on Greek language and culture. There are more than 2,000 Greek university students in Bulgaria, which constitutes one of the largest groups of foreign university students in Bulgaria.
Diasporas.
Historically, there have been sizable Greek and Bulgarian communities in the territories which form present day Bulgaria and Greece respectively. These communities today are significantly decreased due to the population exchanges between Greece and Bulgaria which were directed under the Treaty of Neuilly in 1919.
In 1900, Greeks were about 80,000 (2% of the Bulgarian population) and despite its small size the minority was prominent in the commercial activities and visible in the cultural life.
According to the 2001 census, there were 35,104 Bulgarian citizens in Greece, constituting 4,7% of all foreigners in Greece. However, that number has risen since then, as in 2003–2004, Bulgarians accounted for 9,8% of residence permit holders in Greece, out of which 473 were students and 2,059 were married to EU nationals. In the academic year 2002–2003, there were 2,873 non-ethnic Greek citizens of Bulgaria in Greek state schools. There are numerous publications in Greece for the Bulgarian community, including the bilingual newspaper "България днес/Βουλγαρία σήμερα" (Bulgaria today).
According to the 2001 census, there were 3,408 Greeks in Bulgaria. This figure most likely includes, former political refugees, remnants of the population exchanges, students, and businessmen and their families. In addition, there were 4,108 Sarakatsani.
Agreements.
The main Inter-State Agreements signed over the past 15 years are as follows:
Border.
The Bulgaria–Greece border, which is Greece's longest border and Bulgaria's second-longest border, was established in 1919. A 15 to 45 km deep surveillance zone was established.

</doc>
<doc id="6962382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962382" title="North Point Community Church">
North Point Community Church

North Point Community Church is a non-denominational, evangelical megachurch located in Alpharetta, Georgia, a suburb of Atlanta. North Point has an attendance of 43,830 people in eight locations in the north metro Atlanta area. The senior pastor Andy Stanley serves as the church's lead pastor and, in turn, leads the North Point Community Church staff. 
History.
The church was started in November 1995 by Andy Stanley. For the first three years of its existence, the congregation of North Point met every other Sunday night in rented facilities.
In December 1996, North Point purchased an site in Alpharetta, a suburb of Atlanta. Construction began six months later. The first phase of construction included a 2,700-seat auditorium and other facilities, which opened on September 27, 1998. By Christmas, attendance had grown to 3,000. By the end of the first year, North Point was averaging over 4,000 in worship. In spring of 2001, the second phase of construction was completed, which added a second auditorium with the additional seating. North Point can accommodate around 5,000 worshipers at one time.
In the spring of 2001, a group from the Buckhead area of Atlanta began meeting every other Sunday night in rented facilities with the desire to create a church similar to North Point Community Church in their area. Andy Stanley and the North Point leadership team advised the "Buckhead Fellowship", and in August 2001, the group became the first satellite campus of North Point as Buckhead Church. Buckhead Church moved into a renovated grocery store in 2003, and moved to a purpose-built, permanent facility in May 2007.
A third campus, Browns Bridge Church, opened on October 8, 2006. The fourth and fifth campuses of North Point, Woodstock City Church (formally Watermarke Church) and Gwinnett Church (located in Sugar Hill), were opened in 2011. Decatur City Church, a former strategic partner of North Point Ministries, was added as a sixth location in November 2014.
In November 2018, CBS News listed North Point Community Church as the second largest megachurch in the United States with about 30,629 weekly visitors.
In January 2019, Gwinnett Church opened a second building in the Hamilton Mill area near Buford, Georgia. East Cobb Church was added as the seventh campus of North Point in 2020, bringing eight total locations to the organization.
According to a church census released in 2024, it claimed a weekly attendance of 43,830 people.

</doc>
<doc id="6962394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962394" title="Adhatoda umbrosa">
Adhatoda umbrosa



</doc>
<doc id="6962398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962398" title="Guillermo Gonzalez (CSC)">
Guillermo Gonzalez (CSC)



</doc>
<doc id="6962400" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962400" title="Barry Gardner">
Barry Gardner

Barry Allan Gardner (born December 13, 1976) is an American former professional football player who was a linebacker in the National Football League (NFL). He was selected in the second round of the 1999 NFL draft.
Gardner was an eight-year veteran and played for the Philadelphia Eagles, Cleveland Browns, New York Jets, and New England Patriots. Gardner has primarily been used and known around the league as a solid special teams player. He graduated from Thornton Township High School, then played college football for the Northwestern Wildcats.
Gardner filed bankruptcy in March 2025.

</doc>
<doc id="6962407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962407" title="Michael Bolton RCA (album)">
Michael Bolton RCA (album)



</doc>
<doc id="6962409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962409" title="Dennis Head Old Beacon">
Dennis Head Old Beacon

Dennis Head Old Beacon is a ruined lighthouse on the island of North Ronaldsay, Orkney, Scotland. The beacon and keepers' houses are protected as a scheduled monument. It is one of the earliest surviving purpose-built lighthouse towers in Scotland.
History.
Calls for a lighthouse to be built on the island began in 1740 after the Swedish East Indiaman ship "Svecia" carrying cargo worth around £200,000 sank off the coast of North Ronaldsay. As a result of the sinking, the first survey of British waters was carried out by hydrographer Murdoch Mackenzie. However, a lighthouse was not approved on the island until the late 18th-century when tensions with France caused trouble for ships crossing the English Channel. Permission was then granted by the Commissioners of Northern Lighthouses for a lighthouse at Dennis Head to be built.
Construction on the tower began in 1788 under the supervision of Thomas Smith assisted by his stepson Robert Stevenson to designs by Ezekiel Walker. They used materials and workers from Leith. It was completed the following year and was first lit on 10 October 1789. The total cost of construction was £199 12s 6d. It was to be the first of many island lighthouses for Smith (he had previously worked on the lights at Kinnaird Head and Mull of Kintyre).
Its lighting system, although advanced for its time, consisting of a cluster of oil-burning lamps and reflectors was not very effective, often being mistaken for the mast-head of another ship by mariners. In 1809, with the construction of other nearby lighthouses, it was decided that the lighthouse was no longer required, and the light was extinguished.
Another lighthouse, North Ronaldsay Lighthouse, was built on the island in 1852.
The Old Beacon featured on the 2006 BBC television series "Restoration Village", finishing in third place.
Architecture.
The majority of the lighthouse was constructed using local undressed stone, apart from the corbels and a spiral staircase, the latter of which collapsed in the lighthouse resulting in some projecting stubs from the walls. Two lightkeepers houses was also built beside the western side of tower. However, the houses are currently roofless.
After it was extinguished, the light at the top of the tower was replaced with a large masonry ball in diameter.

</doc>
<doc id="6962427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962427" title="Irish lore">
Irish lore



</doc>
<doc id="6962430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962430" title="Hudson v. Craft">
Hudson v. Craft

Hudson v. Craft (33 Cal.2d 654, 1949) is a United States court case defining how the court defines consent as a defense to an intentional harm.
Facts of the Case.
The Defendants were conducting a carnival where one of the concessions was a boxing exhibition, which was conducted in violation of statutory provisions, distributed prizes and prize money to the contestants, and no license had been issued. The Plaintiff engaged in a boxing match after being solicited by the Defendants and thereby consented to the contest.
Ruling.
The central holding was that an individual cannot consent to an illegal act. Therefore, regardless of whether or not the two individual fighters consented, the promoter could still be held liable for damages.
The court did not make a direct ruling to the suit between the two boxers.

</doc>
<doc id="6962431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962431" title="Zorita de la Frontera">
Zorita de la Frontera

Zorita de la Frontera is a municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is located 54 kilometers from the city of Salamanca.

</doc>
<doc id="6962439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962439" title="Guillermo Gonzalez">
Guillermo Gonzalez

Guillermo Gonzalez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6962442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962442" title="Brazilian plume">
Brazilian plume



</doc>
<doc id="6962455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962455" title="Poster of a Girl">
Poster of a Girl



</doc>
<doc id="6962457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962457" title="Judaism in Scotland">
Judaism in Scotland



</doc>
<doc id="6962459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962459" title="Sonic X (Archie comic)">
Sonic X (Archie comic)



</doc>
<doc id="6962464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962464" title="Happy Campers (band)">
Happy Campers (band)

Happy Campers are a punk rock band, from Las Vegas.The band formed 1996 and went through several line up changes with the exception of singer/songwriter Isaac "Campa" Irvine. The band was a 3 piece for much of the 1990s and 2000s and toured heavily across the US. The music is heavily featured in several soundtracks including the Bumfights series, Insane Videos, Bam Margera and Tony Hawks Cribs Episodes to name a few. Music Videos for "Wave the Flags" and "Buried Alive" were directed by Travis Irvine and "Bleeding me Dry" by Isaac Irvine can as well as many live performances can be found on the bands YouTube channel at https://www.youtube.com/happycamperslv
The band has recently revamped and switched from a 3 piece to a 4 piece for their last album "Dancing with Demons" in 2014 and recorded it with legendary producer Ryan Greene (NOFX, No Use For a Name, Megadeth). The band took a few year hiatus and is back currently recording a 7th album.
Notable Tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="6962471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962471" title="Lensky Raion">
Lensky Raion



</doc>
<doc id="6962476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962476" title="Zarapicos">
Zarapicos

Zarapicos (meaning "Fox bites" in English) is a municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located 20 kilometers from the city of Salamanca and as of 2016 had a population only 55 people. The municipality covers an area of 8 km².
The village lies 784 meters above sea level and the postal code is 37170.

</doc>
<doc id="6962486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962486" title="List of Winnipeg MPs and MLAs">
List of Winnipeg MPs and MLAs



</doc>
<doc id="6962487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962487" title="List of terrorist attacks in Damascus">
List of terrorist attacks in Damascus

This is a list of terror attacks in Damascus within modern Syria (after independence in 1946).
1949.
On Friday night, August 5, 1949, several hand grenades were thrown into the Menarsha Synagogue in Damascus. 12 Jews, eight of them children, were killed and about 30 others injured. The attack was timed to coincide with the Lausanne Conference, following the armistice agreement which was signed between Israel and Syria on July 20, 1949.
1986.
The deadliest bombings were executed in Damascus and surrounding areas in 1986. The events caused 204 fatalities, and were blamed by the Syrian authorities upon Iraqi Ba'athist agents, though other alleged perpetrators, like the Muslim Brotherhood, were proposed.

</doc>
<doc id="6962490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962490" title="Yellow Labrador">
Yellow Labrador



</doc>
<doc id="6962494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962494" title="Yellow Jacobinia">
Yellow Jacobinia



</doc>
<doc id="6962495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962495" title="End of Train Device">
End of Train Device



</doc>
<doc id="6962504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962504" title="Premaxillary">
Premaxillary



</doc>
<doc id="6962510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962510" title="Yecla de Yeltes">
Yecla de Yeltes

Yecla de Yeltes is a large municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located 76 kilometres from the city of Salamanca and as of 2003 has a population 339 people. The municipality covers an area of 57 km2. It lies 723 metres above sea level and the postal code is 37219.

</doc>
<doc id="6962518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962518" title="AR Murugadoss">
AR Murugadoss

Murugadas Arunachalam (born 25 September 1974), known professionally as AR Murugadoss, () is an Indian film director, screenwriter and film producer who predominantly works in the Tamil film industry. He is best known for directing action films mainly on social issues. In addition, he has worked in Telugu films and Hindi films. Murugadoss won the Filmfare Award for Best Director for his 2014 Tamil action drama "Kaththi".
Murugadoss' first break in the film industry was as an assistant director of "Ratchagan" (1997). He then worked with S. J. Surya for the film "Kushi" (2000) before directing his first film, the Ajith starrer "Dheena" (2001). His first Bollywood film was "Ghajini" (2008), a Hindi remake of his Tamil film of the same name. It became the first Bollywood film to gross over domestically. In 2012, he directed the action thriller "Thuppakki", starring Vijay, which became the second Tamil film to gross 100 crore at the domestic box office alone. He worked with Vijay again with the box office hits "Kaththi" (2014) and "Sarkar" (2018).
Personal life.
Murugadoss was born in Kallakurichi, Tamil Nadu. The initials "AR" refer to his father's name Arunachalam and were added after Murugadoss signed his first film, "Dheena", in 2001. Murugadoss currently resides in Virugambakkam, Chennai. Murugadoss had his schooling at the Government Higher Secondary School and studied BA in Bishop Heber College, Tiruchirapalli. His brother, Dileepan made his acting debut with "Vathikuchi", which is Murugadoss' production venture.
Career.
During his college days, Murugadoss was active in cultural events, particularly in mimicry and drawing. He subsequently became a cinephile watching up to seven films a week in his hometown and started writing jokes as well. After Ananda Vikatan published them, Murugadoss began to think of becoming a story writer. At Bharathidasan University he started to write sketch comedies and acted in them. After college he tried to join the Madras Film Institute, but was rejected. Nevertheless, Murugadoss stayed in Chennai in multiple functions. First, he became an assistant writer of P. Kalaimani and wrote dialogues for the Tamil film "Madurai Meenakshi." He became assistant director of "Ratchagan" (1997) for half of the film and continued as assistant script director for the Telugu film "Kalusukundam Ra". Murugadoss then worked with S. J. Surya for the film "Kushi".
In 2003, he contemplated making a film titled "Varathan" with Vikram in the lead role for producer Oscar Ravichandran, but later moved on to other projects.
S. J. Suryah recommended Murugadoss to Ajith Kumar for directing his debut film, "Dheena". His next films were "Ramana", "Ghajini", and "Stalin". His fifth film was "Ghajini", which was a Hindi remake of his same-titled 2005 film and marked his Bollywood debut. It released on 25 December 2008 and became the first Bollywood film to gross over 100 crore domestically. His next Tamil film "7 Aum Arivu", was released on Diwali 2011. Murugadoss signed a deal with Fox Star Studios to produce two Tamil films.
In 2012, he directed the action thriller "Thuppakki", starring Vijay and produced by S. Dhanu released on Diwali 2012 to mostly positive reviews and became the second Tamil film to enter the 100 crore club domestically alone after "Enthiran". Thuppakki collected over 180 crores end of its run as reported by the producer. He also directed the Hindi remake of the film, "". In 2014, he was the writer and producer for the fantasy film "Maan Karate" starring Sivakarthikeyan which was directed by his former assistant Thirukumaran.
In 2014, he directed the action drama "Kaththi" starring Vijay and produced by Lyca Productions released on Diwali 2014 and emerged as one of the top-grossing films in Kollywood for 2014, collecting an estimated 131 crores. In 2016, he directed "Akira" starring Sonakshi Sinha. It is a remake of the Tamil film "Mouna Guru". Then, he directed "Spyder" starring Mahesh Babu and Rakul Preet Singh. He joined with Vijay once again for the movie "Sarkar" which is produced by Sun Pictures Kalanithi Maran which released on 6 November 2018 for the Diwali. It was released in over 3000 screens around the world. The next, his film "Darbar" starring Rajinikanth was released on 9 January 2020.
After a gap of 5 years, Murugadoss made his directorial comeback in 2025 with two highly anticipated films - Sikandar with Salman Khan which released on Eid-ul-Fitr, and Madharasi with Sivakarthikeyan. 
Filmography.
As producer, writer and actor.
This is a list of films in which AR Murugadoss worked for other directors.

</doc>
<doc id="6962521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962521" title="Ian Masters (journalist)">
Ian Masters (journalist)

Ian Masters is an Australian-born, BBC-trained American broadcast journalist, commentator, author, screenwriter and documentary filmmaker.
Masters&lt;ref name="kpfk/ian-masters"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; hosted the KPFK, Pacifica Radio program "Background Briefing" which deals with American politics, foreign policy as well as domestic American security issues. Masters has hosted a once weekly episode of "Background Briefing" since 1980; in 2009, the program was expanded to five days per week. It is broadcast on more than forty radio stations across the US, and is also available as a podcast.&lt;ref name="soundcloud/830442635"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;&lt;ref name="backgroundbriefing.org/2018/06/03"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
Masters resigned from his position hosting "Background Briefing" at KPFK and now produces the show at his home in Santa Monica as an online podcast. His shows are no longer aired on FM radio station KPFK. Instead, they now air on KPFA in Berkeley, California, US.
Ian Masters returned his podcast to KPFK after the station instituted reforms under interim station manager Maggie LaPique at the beginning of 2025.
Personal life.
Masters is married to British-American actress Christina Pickles.

</doc>
<doc id="6962524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962524" title="Clerk of court">
Clerk of court



</doc>
<doc id="6962529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962529" title="Lenny Patrick">
Lenny Patrick



</doc>
<doc id="6962537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962537" title="Gargoyle Waiting">
Gargoyle Waiting



</doc>
<doc id="6962545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962545" title="Toyota Unser">
Toyota Unser



</doc>
<doc id="6962551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962551" title="Half of What">
Half of What



</doc>
<doc id="6962552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962552" title="Protopterus aethiopicus">
Protopterus aethiopicus



</doc>
<doc id="6962554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962554" title="Joseph Preston">
Joseph Preston

Joseph Preston may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6962557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962557" title="Novena Without Faith">
Novena Without Faith



</doc>
<doc id="6962559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962559" title="Ounce of Prevention">
Ounce of Prevention



</doc>
<doc id="6962560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962560" title="Leonard Patrick">
Leonard Patrick

Leonard "Lenny" Patrick (October 6, 1913 – March 1, 2006) was Jewish-American organized crime figure affiliated with the Italian-American Chicago Outfit. Patrick was involved in bookmaking and extortion and later a government informant.
Emigrating with his family from England. Patrick grew up in the Jewish neighborhood of Lincoln Park, in Chicago's Near North Side and during Prohibition, eventually becoming an associate and later partner of Greek-American loanshark, extortionist, and political fixer Gus Alex.
Patrick was imprisoned on June 28, 1933 for robbing a bank in Culver, Indiana, and was suspected of participation in six gangland slayings. Patrick was paroled on March 11, 1940, and he continued working for the Chicago Outfit and, by the 1950s, his Westside restaurant hosted one of the biggest illegal sport betting operations in the city. He also expanded into legitimate front businesses, primarily laundry companies, for illegal gambling, loansharking and extortion activities.
In 1992, Patrick agreed to become a government witness following his indictment for racketeering charges. His testimony would result in the conviction of Gus Alex and several other key figures involved in the city's extortion rackets.

</doc>
<doc id="6962562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962562" title="Cerezal de Peñahorcada">
Cerezal de Peñahorcada

Cerezal de Peñahorcada is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 80 people. The municipality covers an area of . It lies above sea level and the post code is 37254.

</doc>
<doc id="6962563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962563" title="Prince With a Thousand Enemies">
Prince With a Thousand Enemies



</doc>
<doc id="6962564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962564" title="Ian Masters - (American broadcaster)">
Ian Masters - (American broadcaster)



</doc>
<doc id="6962571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962571" title="Holy Trinity High School (Bradford)">
Holy Trinity High School (Bradford)

Holy Trinity Catholic High School is a Catholic secondary school in Bradford West Gwillimbury, Ontario, Canada. It is one of the two high schools located in Bradford West Gwillimbury, the other being Bradford District High School. It was established in 1985. 
History.
In May 2023, the province announces $6.8M to expand Holy Trinity Catholic Highs School. This was a response to the Town's significant growth over the years. The new addition is expected to accommodate another 276 students in on top of about 1,044 attending Holy Trinity Catholic High School (May 2024).The construction is currently set to finish in 2026.

</doc>
<doc id="6962572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962572" title="South Foreland Lighthouses">
South Foreland Lighthouses

South Foreland Lighthouses are a pair of Victorian lighthouses on the South Foreland in St. Margaret's Bay, Dover, Kent, England, used to warn ships approaching the nearby Goodwin Sands. There has been a pair of lighthouses at South Foreland since at least the 1630s. Even after the decommissioning of the Lower Lighthouse the pair continued to be used as leading marks, with Admiralty charts into the 20th century indicating that the 'Lighthouses in line lead south of the Goodwin Sands'.
South Foreland Upper Lighthouse was built in 1843. It went out of service in 1988 and is currently owned by the National Trust. It was the first lighthouse to use an electric light, and was the site chosen by Guglielmo Marconi for his pioneering experiments in wireless radio transmissions.
South Foreland Lower Lighthouse was built at the same time further down the cliff, to the east, where it still stands; decommissioned in 1904, it is now in private ownership.
After the Lower Lighthouse had been decommissioned the Upper Lighthouse was simply referred to as South Foreland Lighthouse.
History.
The dangers posed to shipping by the Goodwin Sands have long been recognised and the earliest record of a warning light being used on the Foreland relates to a Brother Nicholas de Legh, who hung a white light from cliffs near St Margaret-at-Cliffe a little to the north.
17th and 18th century.
The first pair of lighthouses at South Foreland was built in 1635 by Sir John Meldrum. (He also built the first North Foreland Lighthouse, 15 miles to the north, the following year.) The light at this time was provided by an open fire burning in a brazier on the roof. Responsibility for the lighthouses (and rights to the associated light dues) were passed to a Robert Osboldston in 1643, and then in 1715 to Greenwich Hospital.
In 1730 one William Knott began a period of service as lighthouse keeper at the Lower Lighthouse. Over the next 175 years five generations of the Knott family would serve as lighthouse keepers at South Foreland, making them 'probably the longest dynasty of keepers anywhere in the world'.
In 1793 the Upper Lighthouse was rebuilt with an oil lamp and parabolic reflectors in place of the brazier; the Lower Lighthouse was similarly rebuilt two years later (as a two-storey building, whereas the Upper Lighthouse was three storeys). John Yenn was the architect.
19th century.
In 1832 the Corporation of Trinity House purchased the lease for the South Foreland lights from Greenwich Hospital. In 1841-2 the Upper Lighthouse was partially rebuilt, and had its height increased in the process. The following year, it was fitted with a multi-wick oil lamp and a first-order fixed dioptric optic, manufactured by Henry-Lepaute of Paris. 
Afterwards, the Lower Lighthouse was entirely rebuilt (in 1846) and provided with a fixed array of fifteen Argand lamps and reflectors. The architect and engineer for both these projects was James Walker. At the same time new accommodation for the keepers was built alongside each tower.
Electric light.
In the 1850s Michael Faraday, scientific adviser to Trinity House, was exploring the feasibility of electric light being used in lighthouses; several different solutions were proposed. In 1857 Frederick Hale Holmes demonstrated his magneto-electric apparatus to Faraday, proposing its use in conjunction with carbon arc lamps. The initial trial was conducted at South Foreland Upper Light, which thus became the first lighthouse to use electric light. The South Foreland trial began in December 1858 and continued until early 1860; afterwards Holmes's equipment was installed on a more permanent basis in Dungeness Lighthouse, in 1862. (Meanwhile, at South Foreland that year, experimental use was being made of a Drummond light at the high lighthouse; however, 'the results were not satisfactory' with regard to its potential for lighthouse illumination.)
In 1871 Souter Lighthouse became the first to be designed and built for electric operation, and the following year South Foreland received its own permanent electric installation. A power station was built mid-way between the two lighthouses containing four Holmes magneto-electric generators (two for each light), driven by a pair of 10hp Hunter &amp; English horizontal steam engines fed by coke-fuelled Cornish boilers. The building also included additional accommodation for the attendants. At the same time, the two lighthouses were each provided with a medium-sized (third-order) catadioptric fixed optic designed by James Chance.
Experiments undertaken by John Tyndall.
In 1865 John Tyndall had succeeded Faraday as scientific adviser to Trinity House, remaining in post until 1883.
In 1873 Professor Tyndall was engaged by Trinity House to conduct a series of experiments on the relative effectiveness of different types of fog signal. South Foreland, with its recently installed steam power plant, was chosen as the location and a variety of acoustic instruments were set up at the top and bottom of the cliff, to be monitored from a Trinity House vessel offshore. At first three systems were tested: a steam whistle, an air whistle and a pair of air-powered brass trumpets with reeds (designed by Frederick Hale Holmes). Later, other designs of whistle were trialled, as well as a steam 'syren' (provided by Joseph Henry) and three types of gun (operated by gunners from Dover Castle). Tyndall's recommendation was that the siren should provide the standard fog signal at major landfall stations, with reeds judged suitable at some sites; by 1884 sirens were in use at 22 coastal stations and on 16 lightships. Tyndall presented wider conclusions on the acoustic effects of different atmospheric conditions in a paper delivered to the Royal Society the following year.
In 1876 Tyndall was again engaged to make a comparative study at South Foreland, this time of two different types of electric generator: the magneto and the dynamo. (In 1869 Holmes had speculatively constructed a pair of dynamos and suggested them for the permanent South Foreland installation, but at the time they were not considered sufficiently tried and tested.) The trial took place over the winter of 1876–77, and the dynamo was demonstrated to be both mechanically and electrically superior. A set of Siemens dynamos was shortly afterwards installed at Lizard Lighthouse when it was converted to electrical operation in 1878.
Later, in 1884, Professor Tyndall again conducted experiments for Trinity House at South Foreland, this time on the relative merits of gas lamps, oil lamps and electric lamps. For this purpose three temporary lighthouses were built, at the top of the cliff alongside the Upper Lighthouse, one powered by oil, one by gas and the third by electricity (the latter powered by three De Méritens magneto-electric machines of the latest design, which were afterwards installed in St Catherine's Lighthouse). Each tower provided space for different configurations of lamps or burners and optics to be tried. Over the course of a year, more than 6,000 observations were taken, from stations both on and offshore, and it was concluded that electric light was the most powerful under all conditions.
Marconi.
In 1898 South Foreland Lighthouse was used by Guglielmo Marconi during his work on radio waves, receiving the first ship-to-shore message from the East Goodwin lightship on Christmas Eve that year. The system was used over the following winter to avert several shipwrecks. In 1899, the first international transmission was made between the lighthouse and Wimereux in France.
20th century.
In 1904 the Lower Lighthouse was taken out of commission; the tower was sold and the attached cottage demolished soon afterwards. At the same time a 16-sided second-order rotating optic was installed in the High Lighthouse (it had previously been in use in St. Catherine's Lighthouse). It displayed a single flash every 2.5 seconds with a visible range of .
The lighthouse was connected to mains electricity in 1922, whereupon South Foreland Lighthouse became the first to use an incandescent lightbulb as its light source. At around the same time the 16-sided optic was adapted to give the lighthouse a new group-flashing characteristic (three flashes every twenty seconds). The Holmes generators, which had provided power for fifty years, were then disconnected, and the Holmes arc lamp was given to the Science Museum. The subsequent reduction of required maintenance, and provision of automatic electric equipment (including an electric winder for the clockwork mechanism to turn the lens), led to a reduction in staff numbers from one engineer and four keepers to just a single keeper. In the event of a bulb failure, an automatic lamp changer was activated (and an alarm notified the keeper); if the reserve bulb then failed, the lamp changer caused an acetylene burner to be brought into position and lit.
In 1925 Guglielmo Marconi returned to South Foreland and installed an experimental radio guidance system: a slowly revolving frame antenna (described at the time as a 'wireless lighthouse') which emitted different signals for different compass bearings; it was designed to enable vessels to fix their position even in poor visibility.
In 1969 the light became fully automated and the keepers' cottages (being no longer required) were sold.
In the mid-1980s it was decided that modern navigational aids had rendered the South Foreland light obsolete. It was decommissioned on 30 September 1988.
Present day.
The remains of the old lower lighthouse are on private land and are not publicly accessible. The upper lighthouse has been in the ownership of the National Trust since 1989, and as such it is open to the public. There is no vehicle access to the site; visitors are advised to walk either from Dover or from St Margaret's village, or else to use the nearby cycle route.
The lighthouse had remained unlit since 1988, but in June 2012 the light was reactivated to mark the Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II. (The clockwork mechanism which turns the optic was restored to working order in 2004 to mark the centenary of its installation). The light was again reactivated on 2 June 2022 to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee.

</doc>
<doc id="6962573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962573" title="Richter Scale Madness">
Richter Scale Madness



</doc>
<doc id="6962574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962574" title="Antenna (Cave In album)">
Antenna (Cave In album)

Antenna is the third studio album and the first major label album by the American rock band Cave In. Released in 2003, it was Cave In's first and only album for RCA before they were dropped by the record label and re-signed with Hydra Head. "Antenna" marked a shift in Cave In's musical style which, while critically praised, was met with distaste from longtime fans. In the midst of such polarization, the band would later return to its previous style, resulting in "Perfect Pitch Black" in 2005.
Background and recording.
Following the success of their 2000 album, "Jupiter", Cave In were approached by RCA to record their next album. While the band signed with RCA, they continued to maintain a business relationship with Hydra Head, which had released their previous records and would continue to distribute their catalogue.
Continuing with the direction the band started with on "Creative Eclipses" and "Jupiter", "Antenna" further emphasized spacey, progressive rock tendencies with soaring anthems and clean, melodic vocals while minimising the heavy metal elements that were prominent in their first recordings. Guitarist Adam McGrath attributed the musical shift to both physical and creative limitations; physically, the singer Stephen Brodsky had alleged concerns over the long-term effects of performing harsh metal vocals. Creatively, Cave In had also grown tired of being pigeonholed within the metalcore genre and being forced to consistently perform amongst such acts. On a much greater budget, "Antenna" was also given three months of fundamental recording time in contrast to the four days for "Jupiter" and took a total of six months.
Weeks after the album's release, McGrath described the recording process:
However, months later, he noted that in comparison to small labels, "RCA tried harder to get things done, but more people wanted to put their fingerprints on our record." McGrath elaborated that the label pressured the band to create radio-friendly singles and that the band overtook their lives. "All these new people came into the picture. We had a business manager, lawyer, A&amp;R guy, marketing guy, people that are your quote/unquote friends. We were young and naive to the whole process and it affected how we wrote songs."
Touring and promotion.
Cave In was chosen for the second stage on the 2003 Lollapalooza tour. Afterward, the band toured Europe in support of Foo Fighters and Muse.
In summer 2003, guitarist Adam McGrath lamented, "We got major backlash for growing out of our metal phase... People were calling us faggots; they were using derogatory terms on us. I didn't want them around us, let alone liking our band. Fuck them. I'm glad we could weed them out." He later reflected, "It got to the point where they were throwing shit at us when we were playing. They were pissed. Some people said 'fuck this,' but others tried to figure out what were doing and grabbed it." The backlash apparently had an effect on Cave In who began revisiting their metal roots during concerts later in the year. They began a US tour alongside From Autumn to Ashes, Every Time I Die, and Funeral for a Friend in September.
During this time, RCA had merged with BMG and Sony and Cave In's status with RCA was put into question. The band was scheduled for a meet and greet where no one showed up. By the following year, after a dispute over musical direction, Cave In would be released from the label.
The track "Anchor" was released as the album's lead single. The video for "Anchor" starred actor Richard Edson trying to cope with his daily life after he wakes up with his feet imprisoned in concrete blocks. When asked about the song, McGrath described it as a poor choice for a single but suitable because of its short length. Due to the song's lackluster reception in radio and TV, the label allegedly gave up on "Antenna". "Looking back, the people at RCA were really into it. Two years after the fact, it was a mistake," noted McGrath. Despite the band's animosity towards the song, it remains their only song to chart in the UK Singles Chart and the US Modern Rock Charts.
"Inspire" was selected as the second single from the album. The video created to promote the single was directed by Gavin Bowden. It features the band breaking into a music store to play the instruments and use the CCTV to record a performance of the song.
Reception.
Despite the backlash it received from older fans of the band, "Antenna" was positively received by many contemporary music critics upon its release. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album holds an average score of 78, based on 14 reviews, indicating "generally positive reviews".
Amongst the more positive of these was Johnny Loftus' review for AllMusic. Rating it 4 and 1⁄2 stars out of 5, Loftus said that "Boston's Cave In jumped to RCA and the world of big-time promotion for Antenna, but it's satisfying to hear that their intelligently warped sound has kept its teeth in the transition." Brian Kraus gave the album a five-star rating in the review for "Alternative Press". Concluding the article, Kraus declared that "This should be in everyone's stereo this spring, as it may go down in the history books as the "Pet Sounds" for the aggressive-rock world." In the "Delusions of Adequacy" review, it was claimed that "Antenna follows up on the trend gradually built by Cave In's previous releases, meaning that the songs are less wandering, more trimmed and primed for a larger audience. And yet, the band has also maintained its own identity and created something it can be proud of without being worried about being called major label sellouts or anything of the sort." A review from "Q" simply stated that the album was "The most successful synthesis of [Cave In's] prog-tinged ambitions so far."
While many critics applauded the album, some were more muted in their praise. Reviewing for "Pitchfork", contributor Dominique Leone wrote "I'm not sure Cave In features the world's most interesting, nuanced singing, and again, I have to cast my vote against nu-rock's maxed-out mix preferences, making every moment on the disc a peak, which effectively makes every moment part of a monolithic, dulling experience. Still, if there is a way to make decent radio rock outside of Thursday and Queens of the Stone Age, Cave In are doing it now."
After "Antenna".
During the later touring schedule for "Antenna", Cave In acknowledged the poor reception from longtime fans and began a return to their previous, heavier sound. The group started recording new material in the vein of their earlier style with no label interference, but the less commercial material was received negatively by RCA. The label eventually agreed to release Cave In in 2004 and allow them full ownership to their new demos. This led to Cave In's full re-signing with Hydra Head and the release of "Perfect Pitch Black" in 2005.
Since their departure from RCA, members of Cave In have reflected largely negatively on their experience with a major label. In addition to its massive budget, the band felt pressured into a more commercialized style and an intense schedule that they have since criticized. Lyrically, several songs on the band's follow-up album vented their frustrations with RCA, including a song entitled "Trepanning".
In a 2009 interview in which he assessed the band's discography up to that point, Brodsky said the album was "the big, slick rock record we spent way too much time and money making. That's basically what happens when too many people get involved in your business. Still, I can stand behind songs like'"Seafrost' and 'Youth Overrided'."
Track listing.
All songs written by Cave In.
European DVD bonus track
Japanese bonus track

</doc>
<doc id="6962578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962578" title="When We Begin to Steal...">
When We Begin to Steal...



</doc>
<doc id="6962581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962581" title="The Brain Machine">
The Brain Machine

The Brain Machine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6962582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962582" title="Rudolf Pernický">
Rudolf Pernický

Rudolf Pernický (1 July 1915, Krhová, Valašské Meziříčí – 21 December 2005, Prague) was a Czech soldier and paratrooper. He fled Czechoslovakia after the 1939 annexation of Bohemia and Moravia by Nazi Germany, eventually settling in the United Kingdom. There he worked for the Czechoslovak Government-in-Exile and trained paratroopers being dropped into the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia. Later in December 1944 he was parachuted together with rotmistr Leopold Musil into the Protectorate to support the home Czech resistance movement (operation codename Tungsten) – unfortunately 100 km away from their original target. They both survived seven-day march through the snow-covered terrain avoiding any contact (carrying a radio beacon and other illegal material) and before World War II ended they actively organized the resistance movement around Nové Město na Moravě.
After the liberation of Czechoslovakia he joined the Czechoslovak Army at the general staff and graduated from the military academy. But shortly after the communistic takeover in 1948 he was arrested and in a political trial sentenced to 20 years in prison. He got to the worst communistic forced labour camps (as Příbram, Jáchymov etc.) and was amnestied as late as 1960. However till the end of communistic regime he was still persecuted and allowed only for the manual labour employment. After that he was fully rehabilitated, given back all his honours and the rank of army general. He was also elected as the first chairman of Confederation of political prisoners and after his term ended he remain an honorary chairman.
On 28 October 2005, he was decorated by the president of the Czech Republic with the highest Czech order – the Order of the White Lion, 1st class. As being seriously ill (he passed already a serious operation only a week before the ceremony) this was his last public appearance, he died few weeks later on 21 December, on the 61st anniversary of the air-landing to his country.

</doc>
<doc id="6962585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962585" title="The Fourth R">
The Fourth R



</doc>
<doc id="6962586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962586" title="Chagarcía Medianero">
Chagarcía Medianero

Chagarcía Medianero is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 84 people. The municipality covers an area of .
It lies above sea level.
The post code is 37861.

</doc>
<doc id="6962587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962587" title="Huangyangchuan">
Huangyangchuan

Huangyangchuan () is a village situated in Gu Lang Gorgean, an arid, mountainous region of Gansu Province, China. It is home mostly to poor families who rely on agriculture for their income.
Film.
Yellow Sheep River is also the name of a film about sheep farmers from the village. The documentary is without dialogue or subtitles, and follows the farmers to provide a picturesque view of rural life.

</doc>
<doc id="6962588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962588" title="Guy S. Lowman">
Guy S. Lowman



</doc>
<doc id="6962593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962593" title="Chagarcia Medianero">
Chagarcia Medianero



</doc>
<doc id="6962597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962597" title="Tank EX">
Tank EX

Tank Ex, or Karna Tank, was the code name of the prototype main battle tank developed by the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) in 2002. Tank ex is based on existing Arjun and Ajeya tank. This MBT uses turret and weapon system's of the Arjun MBT and chassis of the T-72 M1 (Ajeya) MBT. Tank Ex was developed as an attempt to modernize India's existing Ajeya tanks, using technology derived from the development of the Arjun MBT. It was named after "Karna", the chief protagonist of the Indian epic "The Mahabharata". It underwent six months of trials, but was subsequently rejected by the Indian Army. Total eight Tank Ex prototypes were built.
History.
The Tank Ex MBT uses the chassis of the T-72M1 (Ajeya) and the turret and weapon system of the Arjun. It was developed in 2002 as a private venture and was intended to provide a solution for upgrading the Indian Army's ageing T-72M1 fleet. It was rejected by the Indian Army after eight prototypes and six months of trials.
On July 5, 2008, Gen. Dalip Bhardwaj, the Indian Army's Director General of Mechanized forces (DGMF), declared that the army had rejected Tank Ex. This was part of an announcement that there would be no further orders for Arjun tanks, and that the military would be inviting participants from various countries to discuss future tank developments.
Specifications.
Weighing in at 47 tons, the Tank Ex is heavier than the T-72M1 (41 tons) and much lighter than the Arjun MBT, (58.4 tons). It has a power plant giving a power-to-weight ratio of /ton for a total weight of 47 tons. This represents an improvement over the T-72M1's /ton, with a weight of 41 tons and a power plant. The Tank Ex utilizes the Arjun MBT's 120 mm rifled gun firing unitary APFSDS and HESH semi combustible cartridge case ammunition. A total of 32 rounds are carried, as compared with 39 in the Arjun and 45 two piece rounds in the T-72. A global positioning system is provided for accurate navigation. This is a feature common to both the Arjun MBT and the Combat Improved "Ajeya".
The Tank Ex utilizes the "Kanchan" composite armour, especially over its frontal arc (turret as well as glacis), giving it protection against both Kinetic and HEAT rounds. The usage of the "Arjun" turret design indicates that the Tank Ex may also have its "ready" ammunition stored in the bustle (as in the Arjun), separated from the crew and provided with blow-off panels. This would be a significant protective feature comparable with Western design practices. The Tank Ex retains the T-72's mobility, with a road speed of 60 km/h and a cross-country speed of 40 km/h. With a maximum gradient climb of 30 degrees, it remains in line with all variants of the T-72, like the T-72BM. The Tank Ex is better at trench crossing with a capability of crossing 2.6 meters as compared to the T-72M1's 2.28 metres. The Tank Ex can also climb vertical obstacles up to 0.85 metres tall. The tank's shallow fording capabilities are quoted as 1.2 metres. The Tank Ex should also have the capability to fire the Israeli LAHAT missile from its gun-barrel, like the "Arjun".

</doc>
<doc id="6962610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962610" title="Murugadass">
Murugadass



</doc>
<doc id="6962611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962611" title="Hooktooth shark">
Hooktooth shark

The hooktooth shark (Chaenogaleus macrostoma), is a weasel shark of the family Hemigaleidae, the only extant member of the genus "Chaenogaleus", but there is an extinct species, "Chaenogaleus affinis". The hooktooth shark is found in the tropical Indo-West Pacific oceans between latitudes 30° N and 10° S, including the Persian Gulf, Pakistan, India, Sri Lanka, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam, China, Taiwan, and Java and Sulawesi in Indonesia, from the surface to a depth of . It can reach a length of . It is considered a vulnerable species. The Hooktooth shark prey items are small fishes, cephalopods, and crustaceans
References.
https://www.sharkwater.com/shark-database/sharks/hooktooth-shark

</doc>
<doc id="6962619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962619" title="John Fogarty">
John Fogarty

John or Jon Fogarty may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6962621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962621" title="Chaenogaleus macrostoma">
Chaenogaleus macrostoma



</doc>
<doc id="6962625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962625" title="Murugadoss">
Murugadoss



</doc>
<doc id="6962637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962637" title="Wes King">
Wes King

Wes King (born January 20, 1966) is an American contemporary Christian singer, songwriter, photographer, and musician. He is perhaps best known for his 1993 album "The Robe." His demo material, a cassette tape named "Lonely Poet", is sung by other artists, such as Kim Hill. He briefly attended Covenant College outside of Chattanooga, Tennessee, in the late 1980s. He also led worship at Christian youth retreat camps.
Background.
After picking up the guitar at the age of 14, Wes wrote his first songs two years later. After studying the Bible at Covenant College, he relocated to Franklin, Tennessee. Wes signed with Reunion Records and recorded his first solo LP The Ultimate Underlying No Denying Motivation in 1990. After issuing Sticks and Stones a year later, King resurfaced in 1993 with The Robe. 1995's Common Creed was his biggest hit to date, notching three CHR chart-toppers -- "Life Is Precious," "The Love of Christ" and the title cut. In 1997, King issued A Room Full of Stories, his most acclaimed effort yet followed by What Matters Most in 2000 which was released on Word Artisan.
In 2005 Wes was diagnosed with Lymphoma and underwent many months of extremely difficult treatments and years of side-effects. Wes is now cancer free and is feeling well enough to spend time in his studio again.
Wes King's song "Good to Be Alive" is a song of celebration and thankfulness for the life the Lord has given him. Other free downloadable singles include, "Point to the Light", "My Dear Mother" (written as a dedication to his close mother who passed just months before), and "The Robe" (remixed/mash-up as "The Robe / Come as You Are" by Masaki).
Collaborations.
King has collaborated with other artists on numerous occasions, most notably with artist Phil Keaggy on Invention (Keaggy, Dente &amp; King). Credits include:

</doc>
<doc id="6962643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962643" title="Pennac">
Pennac



</doc>
<doc id="6962646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962646" title="Mankanya">
Mankanya

Mankanya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6962647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962647" title="Bonejangles">
Bonejangles



</doc>
<doc id="6962648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962648" title="Final Exam (The Outer Limits)">
Final Exam (The Outer Limits)



</doc>
<doc id="6962652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962652" title="Damascas bombings">
Damascas bombings



</doc>
<doc id="6962660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962660" title="Terrorism in Damascus">
Terrorism in Damascus



</doc>
<doc id="6962661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962661" title="Plesetsky Raion">
Plesetsky Raion



</doc>
<doc id="6962662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962662" title="Machon yaakov">
Machon yaakov



</doc>
<doc id="6962664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962664" title="Expedition One">
Expedition One



</doc>
<doc id="6962679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962679" title="Now That's What I Call Music! 65 (UK series)">
Now That's What I Call Music! 65 (UK series)



</doc>
<doc id="6962681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962681" title="Algemene Inlichtingen en Veiligheidsdienst">
Algemene Inlichtingen en Veiligheidsdienst



</doc>
<doc id="6962688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962688" title="Golden Nugget Pancake House">
Golden Nugget Pancake House

The Golden Nugget Pancake House is a chain of family restaurants originally launched in Florida but now operating exclusively in Chicago, Illinois. Some of the restaurants serve breakfast 24 hours a day, and their decor generally has a Western motif.
History.
The chain was founded by Howard N. Quam, a Chicago native, who served in the US Marines and then worked as a blackjack dealer at the Golden Nugget Casino in Las Vegas. In the mid-1960s, Quam moved to Florida and opened his first restaurant, which he named in honor of the casino. He returned to Chicago in 1966 to open additional restaurants. He returned to Las Vegas in 1988, where he opened other restaurants.
, there are four Golden Nugget franchises in Chicago. Many other local restaurants with "Golden" in their titles, such as the Golden Apple restaurant in Lakeview, and the now-closed Golden Angel restaurant in North Center, belonged to the Golden Nugget chain in the past. Over the years, the so-called "Golden Empire" has attracted a loyal and diverse clientele and has become a familiar part of the Chicago culture. In the 1970s, local writer Jon-Henri Damski described the Lincoln Park Golden Nugget as "the biggest chicken coop in the Midwest". Later, Dodie Bellamy used a Golden Nugget as one of the settings in her 1984 short story "The Debbies I Have Known".
In 2000, the Irving Park Golden Nugget became the site of a local scandal when a pair of police officers allegedly stopped at the restaurant for two hours while an intoxicated 56-year-old man waited in their police wagon. The man died of asphyxiation when he fell into an awkward position in the vehicle, and the Chicago City Council agreed to pay the victim's family $1.8 million ().

</doc>
<doc id="6962692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962692" title="Viral quasispecies">
Viral quasispecies

A viral quasispecies is a population structure of viruses with a large number of variant genomes (related by mutations). Quasispecies result from high mutation rates as mutants arise continually and change in relative frequency as viral replication and selection proceeds.
The theory predicts that a viral quasispecies at a low but evolutionarily neutral and highly connected (that is, flat) region in the fitness landscape will outcompete a quasispecies located at a higher but narrower fitness peak in which the surrounding mutants are unfit. This phenomenon has been called 'the quasispecies effect' or, more recently, the 'survival of the flattest'.
The term quasispecies was adopted from a theory of the origin of life in which primitive replicons consisted of mutant distributions, as found experimentally with present-day RNA viruses within their host. The theory provided a new definition of wild type when describing viruses, and a conceptual framework for a deeper understanding of the adaptive potential of RNA viruses than is offered by classical studies based on simplified consensus sequences.
The quasispecies model is most applicable when the genome size is limited and the mutation rate is high, and so is most relevant to RNA viruses (including important pathogens) because they have high mutation rates (approx one error per round of replication), though the concepts can apply to other biological entities such as reverse transcribing DNA viruses like hepatitis B. In such scenarios, complex distributions of closely related variant genomes are subjected to genetic variation, competition and selection, and may act as a unit of selection. Therefore, the evolutionary trajectory of the viral infection cannot be predicted solely from the characteristics of the fittest sequence. High mutation rates also place an upper limit compatible with inheritable information. Crossing such a limit leads to RNA virus extinction, a transition that is the basis of an antiviral design termed lethal mutagenesis, and of relevance to antiviral medicine.
The relevance of quasispecies in virology has been the subject of extended debate. However, standard clonal analyses and deep sequencing methodologies have confirmed the presence of myriads of mutant genomes in viral populations, and their participation in adaptive processes.
History.
Quasispecies theory was developed in the 1970s by Manfred Eigen and Peter Schuster to explain self-organization and adaptability of primitive replicons (a term used to refer to any replicating entity), as an ingredient of hypercyclic organizations that link genotypic and phenotypic information, as an essential step in the origin of life. The theory portrayed early replicon populations as organized mutant spectra dominated by a master sequence, the one endowed with the highest fitness (replicative capacity) in the distribution. It introduced the notion of a mutant ensemble as a unit of selection, thus emphasizing the relevance of intra-population interactions to understand the response to selective constraints. One of its corollaries is the error threshold relationship, which marks the maximum mutation rate at which the master (or dominant) sequence can stabilize the mutant ensemble. Violation of the error threshold results in loss of dominance of the master sequence and drift of the population in sequence space.
The core quasispecies concepts are described by two fundamental equations: replication with production of error copies, and the error threshold relationship. They capture two major features of RNA viruses at the population level: the presence of a mutant spectrum, and the adverse effect of an increase of mutation rate on virus survival, each with several derivations.
The existence of a mutant spectrum was experimentally evidenced first by clonal analyses of RNA bacteriophage Qβ populations whose replication had been initiated by a single virus particle. Individual genomes differed from the consensus sequence in an average of one to two mutations per individual genome. Fitness of biological clones was inferior to that of the parental, uncloned population, a difference also documented for vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV). The replicative capacity of a population ensemble need not coincide with that of its individual components. The finding that a viral population was essentially a pool of mutants came at a time when mutations in general genetics were considered rare events, and virologists associated a viral genome with a defined nucleotide sequence, as still implied today in the contents of data banks. The cloud nature of Qβ was understood as a consequence of its high mutation rate, calculated in 10−4 mutations introduced per nucleotide copied, together with tolerance of individual genomes to accept an undetermined proportion of the newly arising mutations, despite fitness costs. The error rate estimated for bacteriophage Qβ has been confirmed, and is comparable to values calculated for other RNA viruses.
High mutation rates and quasispecies were verified for other RNA viruses based on dissection of viral populations by molecular or biological cloning, and sequence analysis of individual clones. John Holland and colleagues were the first to recognize that a rapidly evolving RNA world inserted in a DNA-based biosphere had multiple evolutionary and medical implications. Genome plasticity of RNA viruses had been suspected for many decades. Key early observations were variations in viral traits described by Findley in the 1930s, the studies of Granoff on transitions of plaque morphology of Newcastle disease virus, or the high frequency of conversions between drug resistance and dependence in Coxsackie A9 virus, among other studies with animal and plant viruses in the middle of the 20th century. When put in the context of present-day knowledge, we realize that these observations on phenotypic changes were the tip of the iceberg of an extremely complex reality of viral populations. High mutation rates and population heterogeneity characterize RNA viruses, with consequences for viral pathogenesis and the control of viral disease. Detailed studies on quasispecies dynamics "in vivo" have been performed with human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) and hepatitis C virus.
Current scope.
The first mathematical formulation of quasispecies was deterministic; it assumed steady state mutant distributions in genetic equilibrium without perturbations derived from modifications of the environment or population size. These conditions are common in initial theoretical formulations of complex phenomena because they confer mathematical tractability. Since then, several extensions of the theory to non-equilibrium conditions with stochastic components have been developed, with the aim of finding general solutions for multi-peak fitness landscapes. These objectives approximate quasispecies to the real case of RNA viruses, which are compelled to deal with dramatic variations in population size and environment. Research on quasispecies has proceeded through several theoretical and experimental avenues that include continuing studies on evolutionary optimization and the origin of life, RNA-RNA interactions and replicator networks, the error threshold in variable fitness landscapes, consideration of chemical mutagenesis and proofreading mechanisms, evolution of tumor cells, bacterial populations or stem cells, chromosomal instability, drug resistance, and conformation distributions in prions (a class of proteins with conformation-dependent pathogenic potential; in this case the quasispecies is defined by a distribution of conformations). New inputs into experimental quasispecies research have come from deep sequencing to probe viral and cellular populations, recognition of interactions within mutant spectra, models of viral population dynamics related to disease progression and pathogen transmission, and new teachings from fidelity variants of viruses. Here we summarize the main aspects of quasispecies dynamics, and recent developments relevant to virus evolution and pathogenesis.
Dynamic heterogeneity.
The molecular basis of high error rates is the limited template-copying fidelity of RNA-dependent RNA polymerases (RdRps) and RNA-dependent DNA polymerases (also termed reverse transcriptases, RTs). In addition, these enzymes are defective in proofreading because they lack a 3’ to 5’ exonuclease domain present in replicative cellular DNA polymerases. Also, postreplicative-repair pathways, abundant to correct genetic lesions in replicating cellular DNA, appear as ineffective for double-stranded RNA or RNA-DNA hybrids. The presence of a proofreading-repair activity in coronaviruses increases their copying accuracy in about 15-fold. This and other repair activities, that may act on standard RNA or retroviral genomes, do not prevent the formation of mutant spectra, although their amplitude may be lower than for other RNA viruses, at least in populations close to a clonal (single genome) origin. Quasispecies dynamics will operate in any viral or cellular system in which due to high mutation rates (as a result of low fidelity nucleic acid polymerases or environmental alterations) mutant spectra are rapidly generated.
Studies with different virus-host systems have established some general observations on the mechanisms of mutant generation, and implications of quasispecies dynamics. In RNA virus genetics when we speak of "a mutant" the entity we handle is a cloud of mutants in which the specific mutation to which we direct our attention is present in all (or the great majority of) individual genomes. There is no such a thing as "a" wild type or "a" mutant virus. They are always clouds of mutants. Changes in the relative dominance of components of mutant spectra are particularly severe during "in vivo" infections, with complex dynamics of intra-host heterogeneity and variations. Bioinformatic procedures have been developed to unveil the relationships among different but closely related genome types that may suggest some hierarchical order of mutation acquisition or identification of transmission clusters (examples are Partition Analysis of Quasispecies, PAQ or QUasispecies Evolution, Network-based Transmission Inference, QUENTIN).
Phenotypic reservoirs.
The crux of the matter regarding quasispecies implications is that at any given time, the viral population includes a reservoir not only of genotypic but also of phenotypic variants, conferring upon the population some adaptive pluripotency. Accumulating laboratory and clinical evidence renders untenable that minority components of mutant spectra should be dismissed on the grounds of their being neutral. They can participate in selective processes and cannot be excluded from interpretations of virus behavior. Variation universally involves point mutations and it can also include recombination (in its replicative and non-replicative modes), and genome segment reassortment. All modes of molecular variation are compatible, only restricted by the scope of mechanisms accessible to the replicative machinery, and for the need for viral genomes to remain functional. David Evans and colleagues identified many recombination events associated with enterovirus replication, and only a few recombinants made their way towards continued replication. Recombination can mediate adaptability and virulence. High mutation and recombination rates have led to the conceptual distinction between mechanistically unavoidable and evolutionarily relevant variation, in connection with the issue of clonal versus non-clonal nature of virus evolution (microbial evolution in general). Only a minority of the nascent variation during replication can be successfully propagated. Within limits that are set by biological constraints, each population is made of an array of variant genomes, with a total number which is commensurate with the virus population size. To infect a plant, animal or cell culture with 103 infectious units can have very different consequences than to infect with 1010 infectious units, not only because the host defense systems may be overwhelmed by the high infectious dose, but also because the mutant repertoire that engages in adaptive explorations is larger. Part of the variants of a mutant spectrum, either in isolation or in consortium with others, may perform better than other members of the same population in the event of an environmental change. Selective pressures favor replication of some components of a mutant spectrum over others, despite all of them being interconnected by mutation. Differential performance can be at the level of viral genomes (during replication, intracellular gene expression, interaction with host factors, etc.) or viral particles (for thermal stability, entry into or exit from cells, to withstand neutralizing antibodies, etc.). Adaptability of RNA viruses is linked to parameters that facilitate exploration of sequence space: genome size (1.8 to 33 Kb), population size (variable but that can attain an impressive 1012 individual genomes in an infected host at a given time), replication rate, mutation rate, fecundity (yield of viral particles per cell), and number of mutations required for a phenotypic change (surprisingly low for several relevant traits).
Mutant spectrum dynamics has been depicted in different ways, and we have chosen one that encompasses frequent events in natural populations and research designs, such as virus isolation from an infected host, adaptation to cell culture for studies on experimental evolution, or adaptation to alternative hosts in vivo. The reality is even more complex, given the large population sizes, with an indeterminate proportion of genomes actively replicating at any given time (sometimes equated with the effective population size in general genetics), and harboring multiple mutations per genome. The scenarios suggested by current experimental data defy our imagination. The relative frequency of individual mutations fluctuates in an unceasing exploration of sequence space, with phenotypic changes (not only genotypic changes) being far more frequent than previously thought. The experimental evolution design that consists of passaging viral populations for long time periods (many sequential infections) is often extremely revealing. In foot-and-mouth disease virus (FMDV) such a design led to a remarkable phenotypic diversification into subpopulations of colonizers and competitors, that modulated virulence of the mutant ensemble. In HCV such a design unveiled continuous mutation waves and a more accurate understanding of the types of fitness landscapes occupied by high fitness viruses.
Limitations and indeterminacies.
The nucleotide sequence of an individual genome from a population (no matter which the degree of population complexity might be), can be determined either following a biological or molecular cloning event or by deep sequencing of entire viral genomes, in a manner that mutation linkage (assignment of different mutations to the same genome molecule) can be established. Each of these procedures implies some limitations: biological cloning can bias the representation in favor of infectious genomes, while molecular cloning can introduce non-infectious (defective) genomes in the analysis. Whole genome quasispecies description is still technically challenging due to the artifactual introduction of mutations. Most current deep sequencing platforms yield sequences of short reads for a given amplicon (sequence under analysis); minority mutations in an amplicon cannot be reliably linked to mutations in a different amplicon of the same genome; at most, statistical inferences on linkage can be proposed. Despite these limitations, control experiments and improvements of bioinformatic procedures support that the majority of sequence heterogeneity analyzed in viral populations indeed reflects differences in the natural template populations. If mutation linkage can be solved on a routine basis, a new wave of molecular information relevant to epistatic interactions will enter the picture.
There are additional levels of indeterminacy in the sequential analysis of viral populations, in particular those replicating in vivo. Components of the mutant spectrum represented at a given time in the sample taken for sequencing may differ from those in the next time point, due either to sampling uncertainties or bona fide fluctuations of genome frequencies. It is not justified to accept a rough similarity because even a single mutation in a given sequence context may affect biological properties. In the words of John Holland and colleagues: "It is important to remember that every quasispecies genome swarm in an infected individual is unique and "new" in the sense that no identical population of genomes has ever existed before and none such will ever exist again". On top of the fleeting nature of any mutant distribution, the standard methods available for quasispecies characterization provide genomic sequences of a minority of the population (estimated in 10−8 to 10−13 for molecular cloning-Sanger sequencing, and in 10−6 to 10−11 for deep sequencing). We can only have an approximate representation of viral populations and their dynamics, as evidenced by many experimental studies.
Non-consensus-based descriptors.
The points summarized in previous sections fully justifies addressing analytical tools towards the mutant spectrum rather than ignoring it or considering its presence a side issue. Use of consensus sequences to describe the genome of a virus isolate, despite being warranted by the difficulties of conveying the information recapitulated in a mutant spectrum, blurs and enfeebles biological interpretations. Experimental results have demonstrated that minority genomes from a mutant spectrum (that cannot be identified by examining the consensus sequence) can include mutations that confer resistance to antiviral inhibitors, neutralizing antibodies or cytotoxic T cells, or that can alter the capacity to induce interferon (IFN) or to respond to IFN, virulence or particle stability, among other phenotypic traits. Mutant spectra can also mediate cyclical adaptation to different cell types. A mutant spectrum defines a consensus but the consensus is an abstraction; it may not be represented in the population. Many events in viral pathogenesis and evolution are due to mutant spectrum modifications or interactions which cannot be properly interpreted solely on the basis of consensus sequences.
Collective response.
Mutant spectra are not mere aggregates of mutants acting independently. They are often engaged in collective responses. Two major types are those that depend on the presence of sets of variants, and those that rely on intra-mutant spectrum interactions.
Variants that drive responses to selective constraints.
Behavior of reconstructed quasispecies.
In some cases of sweeping selection (very strong selection for a trait), an individual (or a limited number of individuals) that encodes signatures prone to be selected, may approach dominance while becoming the founder of a mutant cloud (because formation of a cloud is inherent to replication). Conditions for dominance (in this case in response to selection) are that the genome senses the selective sweep and that its replication in the new selective environment is permitted. In other cases, a collection of mutants is selected. This was illustrated with a FMDV quasispecies that was reconstructed in the laboratory with multiple antigenic variants (each at low frequency) that belonged to two different categories, and shared resistance to the same monoclonal antibody. One category included mutants with an amino acid substitution that affected receptor recognition (since the antigenic determinant overlapped with the integrin receptor recognition site); in the other category, the substitutions affected the antigenic determinant but not the receptor recognition site. Passages of the virus in absence of the monoclonal antibody resulted in dominance of antigenic variants that maintained the receptor recognition capacity, but the dominant variants were surrounded by a cloud of mutants of the other antigenic variant category. Conversely, passages in the presence of the antibody led to selection of variants with altered receptor recognition, surrounded by a cloud of antigenic variants that maintained receptor recognition. The results underlined the role of mutant clouds in selective events, and unveiled a new mechanism of antigenic flexibility.
Quasispecies memory.
Quasispecies memory is a type of molecular memory dependent on the recent history of the evolutionary lineage and the integrity of the mutant spectrum. The search for memory was prompted by the complex adaptive system behavior of a viral quasispecies, suggested by the presence of core information (considered the one that defines viral identity) despite variation of constitutive elements (the mutant spectrum). A well-known example is memory in the immune system that mobilizes and expands minority components in response to stimuli previously faced by the system. In the experiments designed to identify memory in viral quasispecies, members of the mutant spectrum increased in frequency as a consequence of their replication during a selection event that drove them towards dominance. When the selective constraint was withdrawn, memory genomes remained at levels that were 10- to 100-fold higher than the basal levels attributable solely to their generation by mutation, as documented with independent FMDV genetic markers, and with HIV-1 "in vivo". Thus, memory is a history-dependent, collective property of the quasispecies that confers a selective advantage to respond to environmental changes previously experienced by the same evolutionary lineage. It can be manifested only if the mutant spectrum maintains its completeness, since memory is lost when the population undergoes a bottleneck event that excludes minorities. A relevant example of the consequences of memory occurs in antiviral pharmacology with the administration for a second time of the same or a related antiviral agent (capable of evoking shared resistance mutations) used in a previous treatment. The second intervention may face inhibitor-resistant memory genomes from the earlier treatment, thus contributing to virus escape. This is an aspect that has not received adequate attention in the planning of antiviral interventions for patients who fail a first treatment and have to be subjected to a second treatment.
Intra-mutant spectrum interactions for interference, complementation or cooperation.
Individual genomes surrounded by a cloud of related mutants can be either suppressed to be kept at low frequency, or helped to be maintained in the population. The two alternative fates are dependent on several factors, one being the surrounding mutant spectrum in those steps of the infectious cycle in which an effective competition among variants is established, for example within replication complexes. This important concept was first derived theoretically, and then approached experimentally with several viruses. In an early study, Juan Carlos de la Torre and John Holland described suppression of high fitness VSV by mutant spectra of inferior fitness. Suppressive effects have since been documented with standard and mutagenized viral populations. Some examples are:
Opposite to suppression is maintenance of a mutant either by a favorable position in a fitness landscape or by interactions of complementation or cooperation with members of the mutant spectrum. The position in a fitness landscape influences vulnerability to mutations, as popularized with the terms "advantage of the flattest" or "survival of the flattest", indicating that a variant located at the top of a sharp fitness peak has higher probability to decrease fitness as a result of new mutations than the same variant located at a fitness plateau. Survival of the flattest has been also proposed as an ingredient in some models of the error threshold.
Collective behavior of viruses was documented with mutant RNA viruses resistant to nucleotide analogues. The study of this class of mutants has been instrumental for the understanding of the molecular basis of template copying fidelity, and the consequences of fidelity alterations in the adaptive capacity and pathogenic potential of RNA viruses. In the first mutant studied, amino acid substitution G46S in the PV polymerase resulted in about four-fold increase in template-copying fidelity. This modification reduced PV adaptability and infective potential in vivo. The mutant in isolation did not replicate efficiently in the brain of susceptible mice, but it did when its mutant spectrum was broadened by 5-fluorouracil mutagenesis or when it was co-inoculated with wild type PV.
Complementation (often occurring when a functional protein encoded by a set of genomes is used by another set of genomes whose encoded protein is not functional) may underlie some collective responses of quasispecies such as fitness of individuals isolated from a population being inferior to fitness of the population. Complementation was described between two truncated FMDV genomic forms. The genomes with internal deletions became detectable upon high multiplicity passage of a clonal population of standard FMDV, a virus with a monopartite single stranded RNA genome. Infectivity was generated by complementation of the two truncated forms, in absence of standard, full length FMDV genomes. For complementation to be effective, prior exploration of sequence space through point mutations was a requirement. The system underwent a remarkable evolutionary transition akin to genome segmentation. Drastic genetic lesions in viral genomes are difficult to observe unless a mechanism such as complementation comes into the rescue of the deviant genomes. Additional examples of complementation among RNA viruses have been reported. Complementation is a means to maintain defective genomes at detectable frequencies in viral populations.
A distinction has been made between complementation and cooperation, in which two different genomes give rise to a new phenotype through the interaction between two variant proteins. An example of cooperation was characterized during studies with measles virus on membrane fusion which is essential for virus entry into cells. For this virus fusion is mediated by two proteins termed H and F. A truncated H was deficient in cell fusion but the activity was regained when the truncated H was accompanied by two forms of F but not one of the forms individually.
Therefore, complementation, cooperation, interference and suppression can emerge from interactions among components of mutant spectra that have their origin in random mutations. Selection acts on whatever sets of mutants can provide a useful trait, to turn random occurrences into biological meaning.
Bottlenecks.
A means to interrupt the participation of individual genomes in interactions with their mutant spectrum is for the quasispecies swarm to undergo drastic reductions in population size that isolate one or few individual genomes from their surroundings. Such reductions are termed bottlenecks, and they have an important participation in shaping evolutionary lineages for all kinds of organisms, and also for viruses. They occur frequently not only upon host-to host transmission but also inside infected hosts, and they can perturb positive and negative selection events in processes that are difficult to identify and characterize.
Drastic bottleneck events have been reproduced with laboratory populations of viruses in the form of plaque-to-plaque transfers. This design served to verify experimentally the operation of Müller’s ratchet, or fitness decrease by the irreversible incorporation of mutations in asexual organisms in absence of compensatory mechanisms. The serial bottleneck transfers unveiled the presence rare mutations, not seen in standard laboratory or natural viral populations. In absence of forced bottleneck events, such rare mutations would be lost by negative selection because of their fitness cost. The investigation of how FMDV clones debilitated by Müller’s ratchet regained replicative fitness revealed several alternative molecular pathways for fitness recovery. The implications of this observation went largely unnoticed until recent results with hepatitis C virus (HCV) have also suggested the accessibility of multiple pathways for fitness gain. Also, extensive passage of a biological clone of FMDV in BHK-21 cells conferred the capacity to infect several human cell lines in addition to the expected fitness increase for multiplication in BHK-21 cells. Thus, several lines of evidence suggest that fitness gain in a specific environment may paradoxically broaden the phenotypic potential of a virus. It will be interesting to investigate whether focused adaptation of other viruses to a specific environment may also entail a broadening of diversity, with many phenotypic variants attaining similar fitness levels. If generalized, this broadening of phenotypic space would provide a new interpretation of the molecular basis of adaptation, and explain why adaptation to alternative environments may not lead to attenuation.
Deprivation of an individual virus from possible suppression, complementation or cooperation, may represent a liberation to initiate a new evolutionary process, or a condemnation to extinction. If liberated from suppression, the isolated genome must replicate and be able to reconstruct a mutant cloud to regain adaptive capability. This has led to the suggestion that high mutation rates evolved to allow such mutant spectrum recovery following bottlenecks. Other models attribute high mutation rates to adaptive optimization independent of bottlenecks, or to a mechanistic consequence of rapid replication. Whatever their ultimate origins, high mutation rates serve the purpose of adaptation in multiple circumstances, not only following bottlenecks. A founder virus can introduce a different phenotype for the ensuing evolution. Evolution of viruses in nature and as disease agents can be viewed as succession of mutant spectrum alterations, subjected to expansions and reductions of population size in a continuous interplay of positive and negative selection and random drift. While short-term (for example, intra-host) evolution is observable and measurable, viruses may appear to be relatively static in the long term for decades (as seen with antigenic variants of FMDV ) or longer. Intra-host evolution is generally more rapid than inter-host evolution, as documented with viruses and other biological systems. Apparent invariance may be the result of selection for long-term survival of populations that have previously frenziedly tested evolutionary outcomes in short-term processes.
Viral disease.
Soon after quasispecies was evidenced for viruses, some medical implications were made explicit. Several specific and general points below.
In all interactions conductive to disease, the host cells individually and as groups in tissues and organs play decisive roles. The consequences of a viral infection are always host-dependent. However, the virus itself poses a major challenge that a deeper understanding of quasispecies dynamics is helping to confront.
Antiviral strategies.
There is an increasing perception that Darwinian principles should assist in the planning of antiviral designs. The aim of vaccination is to evoke a protective response that either prevents virus replication or disease. The aim of an antiviral pharmacological intervention is to inhibit virus replication to provide the immune system with an opportunity to clear the virus. Expressed simply, the direct danger for vaccination and treatment is that the virus can escape through selection of mutants resistant to vaccine-triggered defense components or to the externally administered inhibitors. This has led to several proposals to confront viral disease, that can be summarized below.
Vaccine exposure of multiple B cell and T cell epitopes.
Vaccines should include repertoires of B cell and T cell epitopes to evoke an ample immune response. The broad response should minimize selection of escape mutants that may be present as minority components in mutant spectra, as repeatedly documented experimentally. With the current types of available vaccines, those that best comply with the multiple epitope requirement are, in the order of expected efficacy to confer protection against highly variable viruses: attenuated &gt; inactivated whole virus &gt; several expressed proteins &gt; one expressed protein &gt; multiple synthetic peptide antigens &gt; single peptide antigen. The scarcity of effective synthetic vaccines for RNA viral pathogens despite huge scientific and economic efforts is a reflection of the underlying problems.
Antiviral agents used in combination.
Antiviral monotherapy (use of a single antiviral agent) is to be avoided. The following recommendations have been made and in some cases successfully implemented:
These strategies have as their main objective to avoid selection of treatment-escape mutants by multiple selective constraints that cannot be surmounted by the virus. Control is effective either because exploration of sequence space cannot reach the required multiple mutations (even when recombination is available) or because the multiple mutations inflict a severe fitness cost. Vaccines exposing multiple epitopes and combination therapies follow the same strategy whose aim is to limit possible escape routes to viral quasispecies in the face of the suppressive constraint.
Lethal mutagenesis.
Lethal mutagenesis is the process of virus extinction at the error rate at which a virus can no longer maintain its genetic information. Application of lethal mutagenesis as an antiviral strategy deserves attention in the context of the present article because its origins lie in quasispecies theory, in the form of the error threshold relationship. Both the error threshold and lethal mutagenesis are highly fitness landscape-dependent, but both can occur in complex fitness landscapes as those pertinent to viral populations. The term lethal mutagenesis was coined by Lawerence Loeb and colleagues, and it is now widely used to describe the antiviral activity of base and nucleoside analogues that increase the viral mutation rate. Although several models have been proposed to account for virus extinction by excess mutations, an extension of the violation of the error threshold stands as a likely mechanism. Interestingly, some antiviral agents licensed for human use, initially thought to act only as inhibitors of viral replication, may actually exert their antiviral activity against some RNA viruses at least partially by lethal mutagenesis. This is the case of favipiravir (T-705; 6-fluoro-3-hydroxy-2-pirazinecarboxamide) and ribavirin (1-β-D-ribofuranosyl-1-H-1,2,4-triazole-3-carboxamide) that are currently being intensively investigated as lethal mutagens.
Defense mechanisms based on genome modification of invading genetic parasites such as editing cellular activities that are recruited as part of the innate immune response (ADAR, APOBEC, RIP, etc.) represent a natural counterpart of the principle utilized by lethal mutagenesis. Applicability to pathogenic cellular elements is a real possibility, and lethal mutagenesis to control tumor cells is an active field of investigation. Thus, the recognition of quasispecies dynamics has suggested some fundamental guidelines for disease prevention and control that are gradually permeating clinical practice. This is in line with the recognized need to apply Darwinian principles to the control of infectious disease.
Error threshold.
This may be defined as "The inability of a genetic element to be maintained in a population as the fidelity of its replication machinery decreases beyond a certain threshold value".
In theory, if the mutation rate was sufficiently high, the viral population would not be able to maintain the genotype with the highest fitness, and therefore the ability of the population to adapt to its environment would be compromised. A practical application of this dynamic is in antiviral drugs employing lethal mutagenesis. For example, increased doses of the mutagen ribavirin reduces the infectivity of poliovirus.
However, these models assume that only the mutations that occur in the fittest sequence are deleterious, and furthermore that they are non-lethal. It has been argued that, if we take into account the deleterious effect of mutations on the population of variants and the fact that many mutations are lethal, then the error threshold disappears, i.e. the fittest sequence always maintains itself. Empirical data on the effect of mutations in viruses is rare, but appears to correspond with this scenario.
Possible evolutionary consequences.
Mutational robustness.
The long-term evolution of the virus may be influenced in that it may be a better evolutionarily stable strategy to generate a broad quasispecies with members of approximately equal fitness than to have a sharply defined 'most fit' single genotype (with mutational neighbours substantially less fit). This has been called 'survival of the flattest' - referring to the fitness profiles of the two strategies respectively.
Over the long-term, a flatter fitness profile might better allow a quasispecies to exploit changes in selection pressure, analogous to the way sexual organisms use recombination to preserve diversity in a population. At least in simulations, a slower replicator can be shown to be able to outcompete a faster one in cases where it is more robust and the mutation rate is high.
However, whether mutational robustness evolved or is intrinsic to genetic systems is unconfirmed, because the basic mechanism behind robustness would depend upon the peculiarities of each system.
Cooperation.
Experimental manipulation of poliovirus to give them a higher-fidelity polymerase – and hence reduce their mutation rate – showed these variants to have lower pathogenicity than wild-type sequences. Pathogenicity could then be restored by mutagen application. This was interpreted to mean lower mutation rates had reduced the adaptability (or breadth) of the quasispecies. The mutant viruses extracted from brain tissue were not themselves pathogenic, and the authors speculate that there may be complementation between variant members of the quasispecies that could enable viruses to colonize different host tissues and systems.

</doc>
<doc id="6962696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962696" title="Nottz">
Nottz

Dominick J. Lamb, (born February 21, 1977) better known by his stage name Nottz (or Nottz Raw), is an American hip hop producer and rapper from Norfolk, Virginia.
Life and career.
Some of Nottz's earliest production work was on the Rawkus Records compilation "Lyricist Lounge, Volume One", in 1998. From there he landed three tracks on Busta Rhymes' "Extinction level Event" LP, after Rhymes stumbled across one of his beat tapes.
Like many other hip hop producers to emerge before the 2000s, Nottz samples from old (primarily soul) records and film soundtracks to reconstruct new beats. West Coast hip hop icon, Dr. Dre, has named Nottz as one of his favorite producers, and has selected him as one of the few guest producers on his much delayed, yet anticipated "Detox" album that never was released.
Nottz assisted in the production of the singer Bilal's second album, "Love for Sale".
Nottz has a group called D.M.P., which stands for "Durte Muzik Prahdukshun". They released an EP in 2004, a full-length album on Koch Records, titled "Nottz Presents D.M.P.", in 2005 and an album titled "God Made Durt" in 2013, under Raw Koncept.
In 2010, Nottz released his first solo album, "You Need This Music", under Raw Koncept. The album features Nottz as an MC, as well as a producer. Nottz also worked with rapper Asher Roth on the collaborative "Rawth EP", released as a free download, on December 27, 2010, under Raw Koncept and School Boy.
In 2011, Nottz worked with The Game on his fourth album "The R.E.D. Album", after having three of his beats on The Game's two previous albums "Doctor's Advocate" and "LAX". On June 15, 2012, Nottz and Kardinal Offishall released the collaborative mixtape "A.M.T.R.I.M.", which was offered as a free download.
In 2013, Blu and Nottz Raw released their collaborative EP, "Gods in the Spirit". That same year, Nottz worked with Kanye West to produce Pusha T's Nosetalgia, which features fellow rapper Kendrick Lamar.
On August 9, 2014, 9th Wonder announced that Nottz became a part of The Soul Council production team. A longtime admirer of his production work, 9th Wonder has spoken very highly of Nottz in the past. In 2010, he referred to Nottz as "the best beat maker on Earth right now" and claiming him as "the best producer in the game".

</doc>
<doc id="6962701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962701" title="Bill Granger">
Bill Granger

William Granger (29 August 1969 – 25 December 2023) was an Australian self-taught cook, restaurateur and food writer. Based in Australia and London, he worked internationally.
Career.
In the late 1980s, Granger relocated from Melbourne to Sydney to study visual art. He worked as a waiter while he studied art. His interest moved from art to food. In 1993, he opened a restaurant called Bills in the Sydney suburb of Darlinghurst. Breakfast, and, more specifically, creamy scrambled eggs, brought Granger to the public's attention. A second restaurant, Bills Surry Hills, opened in 1996. Bills Woollahra was his third restaurant. Bills in Sydney is credited as the first restaurant to serve avocado toast, in 1993.
In 2008, he opened the first Bills restaurant outside Australia in Japan, where he had lived for half a year. Since then, he has opened eight restaurants in Japan, in regions such as Tokyo, Yokohama, Kamakura, Fukuoka and Osaka.
In 2011, Granger opened his first UK restaurant, Granger &amp; Co, in London's Westbourne Grove. In the spring of 2014, Granger opened a second London-based Granger &amp; Co in Clerkenwell. and a new Bills restaurant in Hawaii. In that same year, he also opened his first restaurant in Seoul, and had two restaurants in the country.
Books.
Granger wrote "Bill's Sydney Food" (Murdoch Books, 2000) which included information about the food in his restaurants. Culinary landscape with 14 cookbooks. That book was followed by "Bill's Food" (2002), "Bill's Open Kitchen" (2003), "Simply Bill" (2005), "Bill Granger Every Day" (2006), "Holiday" (2009), "Bill's Basics" (2010), "Bill's Everyday Asian" (2011), "Bill Granger Easy" (2012), "Bill's Italian Food" (2014) and "Australian Food" (2020).
Media work.
In 2004, the six-part series, "Bill's Food", followed Granger for a week. It was well received in Australia and subsequently screened on BBC2 in the United Kingdom in 2005, drawing an audience of 2 million. The series was repeated on BBC1 and was shown in 22 other countries. In June 2006, Granger appeared on GMTV to present a week-long barbecue special filmed in the South of France. A second series of "Bill's Food" was aired on various networks. In 2009 a seven-part television series, "Bill's Holiday", was released featuring Granger's travels exploring the varying regions and produce of Australia.
Granger was featured on a fortnightly segment on ABC Radio 702 with Richard Glover. Each week he discussed a recipe.
In 2011, Bill Granger became "The Independent" on Sunday's weekly food columnist.
A ten-part television series bringing Granger's food to West London, "Bill's Kitchen: Notting Hill", aired from June 2013 on BBC Lifestyle in Poland, South Africa, Asia, the Middle East, and the Nordic Region; on BBC HD in EMEA and LatAm; and on BBC Entertainment in Latin America.
Personal life and death.
Granger was born on 29 August 1969 in Mentone, Victoria, to a vegetarian mother and a father who worked as a butcher. He was married and had three daughters with his wife Natalie Elliot.
On 26 December 2023, Granger's family announced that he had died on Christmas Day at a London hospital, at age 54. He died from cancer after having been diagnosed many months previously.
Recognition.
In the 2023 Australia Day Honours, Granger was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia (OAM) "for service to the tourism and hospitality sector".

</doc>
<doc id="6962707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962707" title="Famous family name Liu">
Famous family name Liu



</doc>
<doc id="6962710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962710" title="Gatundu">
Gatundu

Gatundu is a small town in Kiambu County of Kenya. It is known for the first Kenyan president Jomo Kenyatta who lived about three kilometres away from the town, as well as his son, Uhuru Kenyatta, the 4th President of Kenya and former Member of Parliament representing Gatundu South Constituency.
The town is located on a hill surrounded by many farms and residences.
Demographics.
Gatundu has an approximate population of 20,000 people who reside and work within and near the town.
Location.
Gatundu town is located west of Thika about 29 Kilometers, road distance through Mang'u and north of Kiambu about 44 Kilometers, road distance through Ruiru. It is currently in Kiambu County. Back in the 1960s-2007, Gatundu was in Kiambu District, which would later be elevated to Kiambu County and split into districts. Gatundu became one of the districts in Kiambu County. Gatundu town hosts the district's headquarters. Kenyatta Road connects the town to the newly constructed Thika Highway. The road is used to access Nairobi from Gatundu.
The town is located on a hill, which makes it difficult to expand.
Administration.
Gatundu town is the administrative headquarters of Gatundu South constituency. It also hosts the Gatundu sub-county offices, under the County Government of Kiambu which is led by James Nyoro who is the governor.
Gatundu sub-county has two constituencies: Gatundu North Constituency and Gatundu South Constituency. Gatundu South Constituency is represented by Moses Kuria (MK) as the Member of Parliament after Jossy Ngugi Nyumu died in office in May 2014. Moses Kuria was announced as the area MP in August 2014 without a by-election after the only opponent, Kiarie Kamere stepped down.
Uhuru Muigai Kenyatta, the former president of Kenya, was the area MP for 2 terms: from 2002 to 2013.
Gatundu North Constituency is currently represented by Anne Wanjiku Kibe as the Member of parliament.
Gatundu Law Courts are located near the Gatundu District hospital. Modern law courts were built after the old ones were consumed by fire. The law courts were officially opened in March 2014 by the then Kenya's Chief Justice Dr. Willy Mutunga.
People and religion.
The Gatundu people on social media founded and registered a group to create oneness and self-reliance among the youth and the entire community. Qwetu Welfare Association aims at creating employment through development initiatives and charitable projects in Gatundu.
Gatundu belongs to rural highland north of capital Nairobi. Its native inhabitants are mainly the Kikuyu people, also called the Agikuyu. The town is also a home for many people from other ethnic groups in Kenya who are in the region for business purposes.
The people in this town are mostly Christians. Several churches are present, including 
among others.
Economy.
The main economic activity in Gatundu town is trade. Businessmen and businesswomen in this town are engaged in various businesses. A two storey modern market in the town attracts many buyers and sellers from the neighboring villages and towns. There are several supermarkets and general stores.
The neighboring villages are agriculturally productive and therefore feed the market with fresh agricultural commodities.
Financial institutions.
Due to investments and businesses in the town, there are various banks, microfinance institutions and SACCO'S including:
Transport and communication.
The local public service vans, minibuses and taxis play a major role in transport industry of this town. Vans (also called matatus) transport passengers from the town to other towns including Nairobi city, Thika, Ruiru, Juja and Kamwangi towns. The town has a good road network that connects to neighbouring towns including Juja, Ruiru, Thika and Nairobi.
Motorbikes also called "boda bodas" are common mode of transport in the town. Together with tuk tuks, they offer transport services within the town and the surrounding villages.
The area is covered well by the local mobile service providers in Kenya, namely safaricom, Orange and Airtel. Mobile phones are therefore the most common means of communication. Several cyber cafes also offer the town with internet services.
There is also Gatundu Post Office.
Academic institutions.
The town does not have adequate institutions of higher learning. There is Gatundu Primary School, a public school. Private primary schools are many including:
Higher Institutions of Learning.
The town has recently seen rise in new institutions of higher learning like universities and colleges. Mama Ngina University College has been established in the near past and has since admitted a considerable number of students. The town has seen an increase in population owing to a branch of the Kenya Medical Training College, Gatundu branch. There is also Gatundu Institute of Business Studies.
Health institutions.
Gatundu Level 4 Hospital serves almost all health needs of the people in this region.
On 13 August 2013, a Chinese-funded construction was launched to expand and elevate the Gatundu District Hospital to Gatundu Level IV Hospital. The 5300 square meter expansion included a modern medical wing with five-floors, four elevators, outpatient services, an emergency department, 12 ICU beds, 84 beds, medical laboratory, maternity unit, operating theater, wards, and several units of medical equipment, including CT scanners and X-ray scanners. The assistance by China was in response to a request for funding of about US$11 million made by President Uhuru Kenyatta in 2011. On 13 April 2016, President Uhuru Kenyatta officially opened the new wing of Gatundu Level 4 hospital.
St. Jude Nursing Home located at Gatundu-Juja road is a private hospital. Other private clinics are also established in the region including:
References.
https://www.nation.co.ke/news/politics/IEBC-declares-Moses-Kuria-Gatundu-South-MP/1064-2411252-12q2k47z/index.html

</doc>
<doc id="6962712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962712" title="Alpine geology">
Alpine geology



</doc>
<doc id="6962719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962719" title="Kelappaji College of Agricultural Engineering and Technology">
Kelappaji College of Agricultural Engineering and Technology

The Kelappaji College of Agricultural Engineering and Technology (KCAET), the only Agricultural Engineering college in Kerala, is situated at Tavanur in Malappuram district and is named after the freedom fighter and social reformer Sri K. Kelappan. This institution is part of the Kerala Agricultural University.
History.
In 1956, the National Council for Rural Higher education was set up by the Government of India, which established 14 Rural Institutes all over India from 1956 to 1963 to promote educational development in Agriculture, Engineering, Public Health and Humanities, in rural areas. The Rural Institute, Tavanur, in then Palakkad district was established in 1963.
Shri. K. Kelappan, popularly known as Kerala Gandhi, who had already established a high school, The Sarvodayapuram Post Basic School in Tavanur, had influenced the then Central Government in establishing this prestigious Institute for higher education in this village. Shri. K. Kelappan and the local dignitaries, Shri. T. M. Vasudevan Namboodiri and Shri. K. C. V. Raja identified the suitable 100 Acres of land for this purpose and approached the owners of this land, Vellayil Mana and The Pappinikkavu temple Devaswom to donate this land. The head of Vellayil Mana who is also the trustee of the Pappinikkavu Devaswom Shri. V. M. Narayanan Namboodiri and his brother Shri V. M. Neelakandhan Namboodiri, the descendants of Shri. Vilwamangalam Swamiyar, the famous sage and devotee of Sri. Guruvayurappan, donated the required land including the remains of their hereditary home (Illathara) where Vilwamangalam Swamiyar lived and Sri. Vasudevapuram temple, which he built for his mother. The Vasudevapuram temple and the remains of Sri. Vilwamangalam Swamiyar’s home, which has great historical importance, are in the middle of this campus.
The courses conducted at this institution were the following.
1.   Diploma in Rural Science: 2+3 years Degree course in Science and humanities.
2.   Diploma in Civil and Rural Engineering: 3 Years Diploma in Civil Engineering.
3.   Diploma in Agriculture: 2 years Diploma in Agriculture and Animal Husbandry.
4.   Diploma in Sanitary Engineering: 1 Year diploma course.
Shri. A. Sankara Pillai was the first director of this institution. There were also three Principals heading the Humanities, Engineering and Agriculture departments. A large agriculture and dairy farm, well equipped science laboratories, engineering workshops, an equipped veterinary Clinic etc. were also part of this institute. The management of this Institution was by the governing body constituting, The Governor of Kerala, Chairman, and Shri. Kelappan, Vice-Chairman, The Director, Secretary and the local MLA, and local dignitaries as members of this body. The Government of India and the State Government were jointly funding this prestigious Educational Institution till 1975.
The Kerala Government handed over this campus to Kerala Agriculture University and established the Faculty of Agricultural Engineering &amp; Technology in 1975 and named it as the Institute of Agricultural Technology (IAT). On October 2, 1985, IAT was renamed after the founder of this Institution Shri. K. Kelappan as Kelappaji College of Agricultural Engineering &amp; Technology (KCAET). The University started the courses in Agriculture Engineering in 1985, and Food technology in 2011.
Courses offered:

</doc>
<doc id="6962722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962722" title="CP Snow">
CP Snow



</doc>
<doc id="6962723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962723" title="Family of Man">
Family of Man



</doc>
<doc id="6962725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962725" title="Delta Omega">
Delta Omega

Delta Omega Society () is an international honorary society for studies in public health. It was founded in 1924 at the Bloomberg School of Public Health at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland. The society has chartered 133 chapters.
History.
Delta Omega was founded in 1924 by two graduate students at the Bloomberg School of Public Health at Johns Hopkins University. The founders were Edgar Erskine Hume and Claude W. Mitchell.
The idea for Delta Omega came while sharing the daily commute between Baltimore and Washington, D.C. Both men sought to elevate the relatively young profession of public health to a level similar to other professions, and as such, it should have a fraternity of its own. Hume was the first to insist that the fraternity be honorary, and while Mitchell had originally suggested a social basis, he soon agreed with his friend that the groups should be formed as an honor society. They consulted with members of other fraternities and health experts in other fields.
A group of seventeen students, one faculty member, and one alumnus were chosen to become the charter members of the Johns Hopkins chapter. The charter members were Charles A. Bailey, Milford E. Barnes, Yves M. Biraud, James B. Black, John W. Brown, James Angus Doull, Thurber Fales, Martin Frobisher Jr., Raymond D. Fear, John F. Kendrick, Shelton S. King, Edward A. Lane, Hilario Lara, Hynek J. Pelc, Persis Putnam, George H. Ramsey, and William Henry Welch. This group formed committees to work out the constitution and symbolism. A constitution was ratified on .
Expansion began within the first year. Upon return from the summer recess, Hume reported success around the East Coast, while Richard Bolt, a charter member, worked to organize groups in the West. By the meeting, chapters were approved at Harvard University ("Beta chapter") and MIT ("Gamma chapter"). Soon, these would be followed by the University of Michigan ("Delta chapter") and Yale University ("Epsilon chapter"). Expansion and growth continued quickly despite some growing pains due to the fast pace. The first California chapter, at the University of California ("Zeta chapter"), effectively spanned the nation by March 1926.
Delta Omega's activities were severely constrained during World War II and were suspended between 1942 and 1944 because of wartime priorities. However, additional pressure came from organizational disagreements. At the time, Delta Omega offered membership only after completion of a year of residency. This effectively resulted in control of the society becoming vested in faculty membership. At Johns Hopkins University, the activities of the fraternity were in some cases duplicative of those offered by the school itself. A debate ensued concerning the fact that some members, soon after the election, would resign from the practice of public health on an official level to go into private practice. Founder Mitchell, who had led the "Alpha chapter", resigned from his leadership position when he left for private practice. The result of this debate, explained further in the Fraternity's History, was to suspend operations at "Alpha chapter", which would not resume at the school until 1978. The other chapters sputtered along. In 1948, a revitalization was sparked, but it took time, and some chapters did not re-emerge. The lecture series was expanded in the 1960s and 1970s. But it appears that it took the revitalization of the "Alpha chapter" in 1978 to spark a new round of expansion that continues to the present day.
As of 2025, there are more than 20,000 members from over 130 chapters throughout the United States, Puerto Rico, the Caribbean, Beirut, and Taiwan. The society's mission is to promote excellence in contributing to the field of public health and advancing the health of people in every aspect.
Symbols.
Delta Omega's emblem is a circular gold key with the Greek letters engraved vertically. Its colors are black and gold. Its stole is peach, with a black binding and lettering.
Membership.
Delta Omega has regular and honorary members. Regular members include students, faculty, and alumni of institutions with chapters. Honorary members are inducted by the national officers.
Membership in Delta Omega reflects the dedication of an individual to quality in the field of public health and to the protection and advancement of the health of all people. Election to the society is based on outstanding performance, including scholarship in students, teaching and research in faculty members, and community service in alumni. Election to membership in Delta Omega is intended not only to recognize merit, but also to encourage further excellence in, and devotion to, public health work.
Each chapter must be associated with a Council on Education for Public Health (CEPH)- accredited school and is limited to inducting no more than 20% of the graduating student body and ten percent of undergraduates. GPA requirements are up to each chapter; historically, each inductee has been in the top 25% of their class for academic performance. Public health faculty and alumni may also be inducted, but no more than 3% of faculty may be inducted from one program.
Activities.
Delta Omega hosts a national student poster competition, honoring exceptional student research, and a national curriculum award, to honor innovative public health curricula. Each year the selected poster presenters are allowed to present their award-winning research at the Delta Omega/American Public Health Association (meeting. The curriculum award winners also present their work at the annual meeting.
During National Public Health Week, Delta Omega's hold an annual day of service, coordinated at the chapter level. It also hosts a monthly professional webinar series to provide professional development for its members. The society identifies and reprints classic works in public health; it also shared these works on its website.
Governance.
Delta Omega is governed by its national officers, who are elected by representatives from its active chapters at an annual meeting, including president, immediate-past president, two to four members-at-large, and a president-elect who serves as treasurer and executive secretary. The society also has a national council that consists of its national officers and a representative from each active chapter. The society's annual business meeting is held in conjunction with the meeting of the American Public Health Association.
Delta Omega's national headquarters are in Arlington, Virginia.
Chapters.
Delta Omega has chartered more than 130 chapters, most of which remain active.

</doc>
<doc id="6962727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962727" title="Ten Things I Hate about You">
Ten Things I Hate about You



</doc>
<doc id="6962728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962728" title="Magnetic resonance elastography">
Magnetic resonance elastography

Magnetic resonance elastography (MRE) is a form of elastography that specifically leverages MRI to quantify and subsequently map the mechanical properties (elasticity or stiffness) of soft tissue. First developed and described at Mayo Clinic by Muthupillai et al. in 1995, MRE has emerged as a powerful, non-invasive diagnostic tool, namely as an alternative to biopsy and serum tests for staging liver fibrosis.
Diseased tissue (e.g. a breast tumor) is often stiffer than the surrounding normal (fibroglandular) tissue, providing motivation to assess tissue stiffness. This principle of operation is the basis for the longstanding practice of palpation, which, however, is limited (except at surgery) to superficial organs and pathologies, and by its subjective, qualitative nature, depending on the skill and touch sensitivity of the practitioner. Conventional imaging techniques of CT, MRI, US, and nuclear medicine are unable to offer any insight on the elastic modulus of soft tissue. MRE, as a quantitative method of assessing tissue stiffness, provides reliable insight to visualize a variety of disease processes which affect tissue stiffness in the liver, brain, heart, pancreas, kidney, spleen, breast, uterus, prostate, and skeletal muscle.
MRE is conducted in three steps: first, a mechanical vibrator is used on the surface of the patient's body to generate shear waves that travel into the patient's deeper tissues; second, an MRI acquisition sequence measures the propagation and velocity of the waves; and finally this information is processed by an inversion algorithm to quantitatively infer and map tissue stiffness in 3-D. This stiffness map is called an elastogram, and is the final output of MRE, along with conventional 3-D MRI images as shown on the right.
Mechanics of soft tissue.
MRE quantitatively determines the stiffness of biological tissues by measuring its mechanical response to an external stress. Specifically, MRE calculates the shear modulus of a tissue from its shear-wave displacement measurements. The elastic modulus quantifies the stiffness of a material, or how well it resists elastic deformation as a force is applied. For elastic materials, strain is directly proportional to stress within an elastic region. The elastic modulus is seen as the proportionality constant between stress and strain within this region. Unlike purely elastic materials, biological tissues are viscoelastic, meaning that it has characteristics of both elastic solids and viscous liquids. Their mechanical responses depend on the magnitude of the applied stress as well as the strain rate. The stress-strain curve for a viscoelastic material exhibits hysteresis. The area of the hysteresis loop represents the amount of energy lost as heat when a viscoelastic material undergoes an applied stress and is distorted. For these materials, the elastic modulus is complex and can be separated into two components: a storage modulus and a loss modulus. The storage modulus expresses the contribution from elastic solid behavior while the loss modulus expresses the contribution from viscous liquid behavior. Conversely, elastic materials exhibit a pure solid response. When a force is applied, these materials elastically store and release energy, which does not result in energy loss in the form of heat.
Yet, MRE and other elastography imaging techniques typically utilize a mechanical parameter estimation that assumes biological tissues to be linearly elastic and isotropic for simplicity purposes. The effective shear modulus formula_1 can be expressed with the following equation:
formula_2
where formula_3 is the elastic modulus of the material and formula_4 is the Poisson's ratio.
The Poisson's ratio for soft tissues is approximated to equal 0.5, resulting in the ratio between the elastic modulus and shear modulus to equal 3. This relationship can be used to estimate the stiffness of biological tissues based on the calculated shear modulus from shear-wave propagation measurements. A driver system produces and transmits acoustic waves set at a specific frequency (50–500 Hz) to the tissue sample. At these frequencies, the velocity of shear waves can be about 1–10 m/s. The effective shear modulus can be calculated from the shear wave velocity with the following:
formula_5
where formula_6 is the tissue density and formula_7 is the shear wave velocity.
Recent studies have been focused on incorporating mechanical parameter estimations into post-processing inverse algorithms that account for the complex viscoelastic behavior of soft tissues. Creating new parameters could potentially increase the specificity of MRE measurements and diagnostic testing.
Applications.
Liver.
Liver fibrosis is a common condition arising in many liver diseases. Progression of fibrosis can lead to cirrhosis and end-stage liver disease. MRE-based measurement of liver stiffness has emerged as the most accurate non-invasive technique for detecting and staging liver fibrosis. MRE provides quantitative maps of tissue stiffness over large regions of the liver. Abnormally increased liver stiffness is a direct consequence of liver fibrosis. The diagnostic performance of MRE in assessing liver fibrosis has been established in multiple studies.
Liver MRE examinations are performed in MRI systems that have been equipped for the technique.   Patients should fast for  3 to 4 hours prior to their MRE exam to allow for the most accurate measurement of liver stiffness. Patients lie supine in the MRI scanner for the examination.  A special device is placed on the right side of the chest wall over the liver to apply gentle vibration which generates propagating shear waves in the liver.   Imaging is for MRE is very quick, with data acquired in a series of  1-4 periods of breath-holding, each lasting 15–20 seconds.   
A standardized approach for performing and analyzing liver MRE exams has been documented by the RSNA Quantitative Imaging Biomarkers Alliance. The technical success rate of Liver MRE is very high (95-100%)
Brain.
MRE of the brain was first presented in the early 2000s. Elastogram measures have been correlated with memory tasks, fitness measures, and progression of various neurodegenerative conditions. For example, regional and global decreases in brain viscoelasticity have been observed in Alzheimer's disease and multiple sclerosis. It has been found that as the brain ages, it loses its viscoelastic integrity due to degeneration of neurons and oligodendrocytes. A recent study looked into both the isotropic and anisotropic stiffness in brain and found a correlation between the two and with age, particularly in gray matter.
MRE may also have applications for understanding the adolescent brain. Recently, it was found that adolescents have regional differences in brain viscoelasticity relative to adults.
MRE has also been applied to functional neuroimaging. Whereas functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) infers brain activity by detecting relatively slow changes in blood flow, functional MRE is capable of detecting neuromechanical changes in the brain related to neuronal activity occurring on the 100-millisecond scale.
Kidney.
MRE has also been applied to investigate the biomechanical properties of the kidney. The feasibility of clinical renal MRE was first reported in 2011 for healthy volunteers and in 2012 for renal transplant patients. Renal MRE is more challenging than MRE of larger organs such as the brain or liver due to fine mechanical features in the renal cortex and medulla as well as the acoustically shielded position of the kidneys within the abdominal cavity. To overcome these challenges, researchers have been looking at different passive drivers and imaging techniques to best deliver shear waves to the kidneys. Studies investigating renal diseases such as renal allograft dysfunction, lupus nephritis, immunoglobulin A nephropathy (IgAN), diabetic nephrology, renal tumors and chronic kidney disease demonstrate that kidney stiffness is sensitive to kidney function and renal perfusion.
Prostate.
The prostate can also be examined by MRE, in particular for the detection and diagnosis of prostate cancer. To ensure good shear wave penetration in the prostate gland, different actuator systems were designed and evaluated. Preliminary results in patients with prostate cancer showed that changes in stiffness allowed differentiation of cancerous tissue from normal tissue. Magnetic Resonance Elastography has been successfully used in patients with prostate cancer showing high specificity and sensitivity in differentiating prostate cancer from benign prostatic diseases (see figure on right (b)). Even higher specificity of 95% for prostate cancer was achieved when Magnetic Resonance Elastography was combined with systematic image interpretation using PI-RADS (version 2.1).
Pancreas.
The pancreas is one of the softest tissues in the abdomen. Given that pancreatic diseases including pancreatitis and pancreatic cancer significantly increase stiffness, MRE is a promising tool for diagnosing benign and malignant conditions of the pancreas. Abnormally high pancreatic stiffness was detected by MRE in patients with both acute and chronic pancreatitis. Pancreatic stiffness was also used to distinguish pancreatic malignancy from benign masses and to predict the occurrence of pancreatic fistula after pancreaticoenteric anastomosis. Quantification of the volume of pancreatic tumors based on tomoelastographic measurement of stiffness was found to be excellently correlated with tumor volumes estimated by contrast-enhanced computed tomography. In patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma stiffness was found to be elevated in the tumor as well as in pancreatic parenchyma distal to the tumor, suggesting heterogeneous pancreatic involvement (figure on right (c)).

</doc>
<doc id="6962740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962740" title="Freedmen's town">
Freedmen's town

In the United States, a freedmen's town was an African American municipality or community built by freedmen, formerly enslaved people who were emancipated during and after the American Civil War. These towns emerged in a number of states, most notably Texas. They are also known as freedom colonies, from the title of a book by Sitton and Conrad.
History.
The Emancipation Proclamation and the Thirteenth Amendment brought 4 million people out of slavery in the defunct Confederate States of America plus the four "border" slave states that did not secede. Many freed people were faced with the questions of where they would go and how they would support themselves to survive. Many decided to remain on plantations working as sharecroppers. Many freedmen migrated from white areas to build their own towns away from white supervision. They also created their own churches and civic organizations. Freedmen's settlements had a greater measure of protection from the direct effects of Jim Crow. "Such places were defensive communities, where black property owners had circled the wagons against outsiders—a "fortress without walls." Freedmen's settlements were black enclaves that kept to themselves and until the end of Jim Crow few whites wished—or dared—to live there”.
Education.
Education was of the highest priority for the residents of freedmen towns. They started schools, which both adults and children attended to learn to read and write. By 1915 schools built in the Freedmen's settlements were mostly small frame one or two room structures. Textbooks for the schools were typically donated from white schools, but often they were in poor condition. Teachers were very serious about discipline, which was strictly enforced by, for example, switching students with a brush or making them stand in a corner on one leg.
Freedmen's Bureau and Reconstruction.
To provide help in education and managing the transition of the people to freedom, including negotiation of labor contracts and establishing the Freedmen's Bank, President Abraham Lincoln created the Freedmen's Bureau. In 1865, Secretary of War Edwin Stanton was looking for an army officer to run the Freedmen's Bureau. General Ulysses S. Grant proposed General John Eaton, a chaplain with an established reputation as a humanitarian, and who had had authority over Black refugees after the Civil War. However, the position of Bureau commissioner went to another Christian general and Civil War veteran, General Oliver Otis Howard, whose close associations to Freedmen's aid societies had earned him the title of "Christian General". The Bureau was largely staffed by ex-union officers who distributed food to needy Blacks and Whites. They supervised the establishment of free labor agriculture and provided needed funding to set up schools for ex-slaves; however, some were suspected of collaborating with planters to enforce repressive regulations, or to ignore the cheating of Blacks. Some southern Whites suspected the Bureau of being part of a conspiracy to undermine relations between Blacks and Whites in the south by agitating Blacks against trusting of Whites, some of which did have the true interests of Blacks at heart. Both freed people and planters, however, turned to the Bureau for help, which the agency did provide regardless of attempts by some individuals to undermine the Bureau's efforts.
The Freedmen's Bureau was created by the "American Freedmen's Inquiry Commission", which had been created by the War Department in 1863 to assist and advise emancipated slaves in adjusting. It was created by three life-long abolitionists, Robert Dale Owen, James McKaye and Samuel Gridley, who visited the south and gathered testimony from Blacks and Whites, authoring two joint reports and many accounts of individual observations.
Andrew Johnson and Jim Crow.
After taking office, President Andrew Johnson vetoed the re-authorization and funding of the bureau in February 1866 during Reconstruction.
Freedmen's Town Historic District.
The Fourth Ward of Houston, Texas is the location of the Freedmen's Town Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="6962750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962750" title="Larry Carwell">
Larry Carwell

Larry Carwell (August 5, 1944 – January 10, 1984) was an American college and professional football player. A cornerback, he played college football at Iowa State University, and played professionally in the American Football League (AFL) for the Houston Oilers in 1967 and 1968 and the Boston Patriots in 1969. He continued to play for the NFL Boston Patriots and later the NFL New England Patriots from 1970 through 1972.
In 1984, he was a United States Drug Enforcement Administration officer working to stop the flow of marijuana and cocaine into the United States from Latin America. While aboard a U.S. helicopter bound for the Bahamas, he was one of five missing persons lost at sea when the helicopter crashed.

</doc>
<doc id="6962753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962753" title="Freedmans town">
Freedmans town



</doc>
<doc id="6962757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962757" title="Newark Plank Road">
Newark Plank Road

The Newark Plank Road was a major artery between Hudson Waterfront at Paulus Hook (in today's Jersey City) and city of Newark further inland across the New Jersey Meadows. As its name suggests, a plank road was constructed of wooden planks laid side-to-side on a roadbed. Similar roads, the Bergen Point Plank Road, the Hackensack Plank Road and Paterson Plank Road, traveled to the locales for which they are named. The name is no longer used, the route having been absorbed into other streets and freeways.
In 1765, an act of the Assembly of the Province of New Jersey stated:
A road from New-Ark to the publick road in the town of Bergen, leading to Poulos Hook, and establishing ferries over the two small rivers, Passaick and Hackensack, which makes the distance from Poulus Hook to New-Ark eight miles, and will be a level and good road when the cause-ways are made ; and as said road will be very commodious for travelers, and give a short and easy access of a large country to the markets of the city of New-York and be of a general benefit both to city and country, it is hoped they will unite in the necessary expence of rendering said road for travellers and carriages, more especially since by said law the publick interest alone is regarded.
A corporation sanctioned by the legislation to build a road and bridges over the Hackensack River and Passaic River as part of the developing colonial road network in New Jersey was established. Initially ferry service was instituted at the river crossings which operated until the bridges were completed in 1795.
A charter to operate the road was granted on February 24, 1849, and it was renamed Newark Plank Road. By 1869 Central Railroad of New Jersey's Newark and New York Railroad was running trains that mirrored the route, using the PD Draw and HD Draw. (The right of way through Bergen Hill is now used by Hudson-Bergen Light Rail West Side Branch). Public Service Railway Lines #1 ran along much of route until bustitution was implemented, keeping the old number now used by New Jersey Transit as part of the #1 bus route.
Jersey City.
The Newark Plank Road begins at the Hudson River on Grand Street, where a ferry took travelers to New York. The road then follows the course of Grand Street (CR 622) and Communipaw Avenue (CR 612) before crossing the Hackensack River on U.S. Route 1/9 Truck. After 1913, the bridge and its approach became part of the Lincoln Highway, one of the first transcontinental automobile routes across the United States.
Kearny Point.
 After crossing the Hackensack River on the Lincoln Highway Hackensack River Bridge the road traverses Kearny Point, the southern tip of New Barbadoes Neck where the Hackensack and Passaic River meet. It ran parallel to the Morris Canal. It crosses the Lincoln Highway Passaic River Bridge. This section was part the transcontinental Lincoln Highway and retains that name.
Newark.
Ferry Street in the Ironbound section of Newark was part of the plank road, named after the ferry that would travel between Newark and points east. In 1849, "The Newark Plank Road Company" was hired to fix the road with planks for smoother travel. Ferry Street was then changed to "Plank Road." It was not completed within the fifty-year charter that it was given to accomplish the work. A legal dispute arose and the Hudson County section changed "Plank Road" to the Lincoln Highway while the Essex County section was changed back to "Ferry Street."

</doc>
<doc id="6962760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962760" title="Sandy High School">
Sandy High School

Sandy High School (SHS, formerly known as Sandy Union High) is a public high school in the northwest United States, located in Sandy, Oregon, east of Portland. Originally located in a two-story schoolhouse in 1917, the high school was given its own standalone brick structure in 1923 to accommodate a growing student body as the Portland metropolitan area and surrounding cities expanded in population; that building is used now as Cedar Ridge Middle School.
The high school continued to expand throughout the 20th century, with numerous additions and exterior buildings being added to its campus (then located at 17100 Bluff Road). In 2008, voters approved an education bond enabling the construction of a new school building. The new building, constructed on a budget of $75 million, opened in September 2012, and features various updated and new technologies absent from the previous school, including a 500-seat auditorium, outdoor learning and vocational spaces, geothermal heating, and greywater recycling.
Since 1997, Sandy High School has been operated by the Oregon Trail School District, and is the district's only high school.
History.
Sandy Union High School was formally established in 1917, with the first graduating class consisting of 12 students, all of whom were female. Prior to this, in 1908, as the city of Sandy grew, a two-story schoolhouse had been established to accommodate students of all ages. By 1914, one room of the building's second floor was used exclusively for high school students.
A local district election was held in 1921 regarding the allocation of a bond of $30,000 to construct a new building, but voters opposed the bond. However, in 1923, the bond was approved, and a two-story 12-classroom brick structure known as the Pioneer Building, was constructed for $30,000 (). It also contained a main office, a small gymnasium, and an assembly hall and stage. Following the passing of the Smith–Hughes Act, home economics and agriculture were added to the school's curriculum in 1926. In 1936, a second building was added to the campus in 1936 with funds donated by Ed and August Bruns.
Over the ensuing decades, exterior buildings and additions to the original brick structure were constructed to accommodate the increasing student body; the school was noted in 2006 for implementing a 32-camera surveillance system to ensure safety given the campus's numerous disconnected buildings. In 1984, the school implemented an integrated environmental science vocational program, which proved to be highly successful. In 1997, operations of the high school were taken over by the then-newly formed Oregon Trail School District.
In 2008, voters approved a $115-million education bond for Clackamas County, $75 million of which was sequestered to use for constructing a new high school. In September 2012, 
the school was officially relocated from its original location to the new campus, with the fall 2012 student body being the first to occupy the new school. The new school building is double the size of the previous one, with a performing arts center, 585-seat auditorium, career and technical education pod, and outdoor environmental learning area. It also utilizes geothermal heating and greywater recycling.
As of 2017, the Oregon Trail School district was undertaking renovations on the former high school building with plans to use it as a new location for Cedar Ridge Middle School.
Student body.
According to the "U.S. News &amp; World Report", the student body of Sandy High School was 79% white, 12% Hispanic, 2% American Native or Alaskan Native, 1% African American, 1% Asian, 0.4% Pacific Islander, and 5% two or more races. 48% of the student body was female, with 52% male. The school has a student-teacher ratio of 26:1.
Sandy High School's student body is primarily made up of residents along the Mount Hood Corridor, a route connecting the Portland metropolitan area with the recreational facilities on Mount Hood, and in Kah-Nee-Ta and central Oregon.
Academics.
Sandy High School is unranked by "U.S. News &amp; World Report". 19% of students participate in the Advanced Placement (AP) program, and 59% of those participants passed at least one AP exam. The school's graduation rate is 71%.
Per 2018 data, the student body's proficiency in the subject of English was 20% above the state average. In mathematics, students performed at only 5% above the state level. Students' State Test Performance Index score was 79.9, 5.1 points above anticipated scores based on students' family incomes and levels of education. 46.5% of students from disadvantaged backgrounds scored proficiently on these tests, with 59.7% proficiency for non-disadvantaged students.
In 2015, students' mean average PSAT score was 1001.
Athletics.
The school's athletic teams are the Pioneers, and compete in the OSAA 6A-4 Mt. Hood Conference.
In July 2016, Sandy High School signed an athletic sponsorship deal with the locally headquartered Nike company.

</doc>
<doc id="6962762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962762" title="Freedmens town">
Freedmens town



</doc>
<doc id="6962765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962765" title="Legnano Calcio">
Legnano Calcio



</doc>
<doc id="6962769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962769" title="Heinrich dove">
Heinrich dove



</doc>
<doc id="6962771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962771" title="Freedmens' town">
Freedmens' town



</doc>
<doc id="6962773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962773" title="Australian weasel shark">
Australian weasel shark

The Australian weasel shark ("Hemigaleus australiensis") is an uncommon species of ground shark in the family Hemigaleidae. It inhabits shallow waters off northern Australia to a depth of ; smaller sharks frequent sand and seagrass habitat and shift to coral reefs as they grow older. A slim, drab species reaching a length of , it has sickle-shaped fins with dark tips on the second dorsal fin and caudal fin upper lobe. Its upper teeth are broad with strong serrations only on the trailing edge. The lateral line along each side is prominent and exhibits a downward curve below the second dorsal fin.
Feeding almost exclusively on octopuses and other cephalopods, the Australian weasel shark mostly hunts near the sea floor. It is viviparous, with the developing embryos nourished through a placental connection and born after a six-month gestation period. This species is productive for a shark, with females bearing litters of 1–19 pups usually twice per year. The Australian weasel shark is caught by trawl and to a lesser extent gillnet and longline fisheries, though not in such numbers that its population is threatened. Thus, it has been listed as Least Concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).
Taxonomy.
Originally regarded as conspecific with the sicklefin weasel shark ("H. microstoma"), the Australian weasel shark was first documented as a potentially distinct species by John Stevens and Glen Cuthbert in 1983. Its scientific description was authored by William White, Peter Last, and Leonard Compagno in a 2005 volume of the scientific journal "Zootaxa". They gave it the specific epithet "australiensis" on the basis of its range, and designated as the type specimen an adult male long caught at a depth of off Geraldton, Western Australia.
Description.
Reaching in length, the Australian weasel shark has a slender, spindle-shaped body and a moderately long head with a thick, rounded snout. The large, oval eyes possess nictitating membranes and have notched posterior rims. Tiny spiracles are located behind and above the eyes. The large nostrils are preceded by fairly long, triangular flaps of skin. The short, curved mouth bears prominent furrows at the corners. There are 28–30 upper and 46–52 lower tooth rows, which are not visible when the mouth is closed; the upper teeth are broad and angled with large serrations on the trailing edge only, whereas the lower teeth are thin and upright with smooth edges. There are five pairs of fairly short gill slits.
All of the fins, particularly the narrow pectoral fins, are falcate (sickle-shaped) to some degree. The medium-sized first dorsal fin originates just behind the pectoral fin rear tips. The second dorsal fin is about two-thirds as tall as the first, and there is no midline ridge running between them. The pelvic fins are broad and slightly larger than the anal fin. The anal fin has a strong notch in the trailing margin and is positioned slightly behind the second dorsal fin. The caudal peduncle bears a crescent-shaped notch at the upper origin of the caudal fin. The asymmetrical caudal fin has a well-developed lower lobe and a long, narrow upper lobe with a ventral notch near the tip. The prominent lateral line curves downward below the second dorsal fin. The skin is densely covered by small, overlapping dermal denticles; each bears five horizontal ridges leading to marginal teeth. This species is light grey to bronze above, darkening at the tips of the second dorsal fin and upper caudal fin lobe (though this may be indistinct in larger sharks), and pale below. The underside is off-white, and the first dorsal fin has a pale trailing margin.
Distribution and habitat.
The Australian weasel shark inhabits continental and insular shelves off northern Australia, from Geraldton in Western Australia to Brunswick Heads in New South Wales. Additional records from Papua New Guinea are as yet unconfirmed. It seems to be naturally rather uncommon. This species tends to swim close to the sea floor and can be found from inshore waters down to deep. Juveniles and small adults are generally found in sandy areas with seagrass cover, while large adults occur more around coral reefs.
Biology and ecology.
The Australian weasel shark feeds predominantly on octopuses such as "Callistoctopus" spp., either swallowing them whole or removing the arms first. Octopuses become increasingly important to its diet with age, such that sharks over long eat almost nothing else; this increasing dietary specialisation is accompanied by a habitat shift toward coral reefs, which may serve to reduce competition between older and younger individuals. Bobtail squids represent a minor secondary food source, particularly for smaller sharks. In addition, other cephalopods, mud lobsters, crabs, and echinoderms are rarely consumed. This species probably hunts mostly at dawn and dusk; it typically seeks bottom-dwelling prey but will also rise into the water column if opportunity presents, such as during seasonal aggregations of broad squid ("Uroteuthis etheridgei"). Known parasites of the Australian weasel shark include the tapeworms "Nybelinia mehlhorni", "Paraorygmatobothrium kirstenae", and "P. taylori", and the copepods "Perissopus dentatus" and "Pseudopandarus australis".
Like other members of its family, the Australian weasel shark is viviparous with the developing embryos sustained through a placental connection with the mother. Mature females have a single functional ovary and two functional uteruses. The gestation period is six months long and typically two litters are produced annually, one around February and the other around September. Litter size varies from 1 to 19 pups (average 8). The embryos lose their external gills at a length of , have developed colouration by a length of , and are born at a length of . Males and females reach sexual maturity at approximately and long respectively.
Human interactions.
Harmless to humans, the Australian weasel shark is commonly caught by prawn and fish trawlers operating off northern Australia. Smaller numbers are also captured in gillnets and on longlines. As this species has a relatively high reproductive rate and losses to fisheries are not severe enough to affect its population, it has been assessed as Least Concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).

</doc>
<doc id="6962776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962776" title="Sulbsutra">
Sulbsutra



</doc>
<doc id="6962781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962781" title="Freedman's Town">
Freedman's Town



</doc>
<doc id="6962783" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962783" title="Hemigaleus australiensis">
Hemigaleus australiensis



</doc>
<doc id="6962784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962784" title="Brian Lara Cricket 2005">
Brian Lara Cricket 2005



</doc>
<doc id="6962787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962787" title="Freedmans Town">
Freedmans Town



</doc>
<doc id="6962792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962792" title="Freedman's town">
Freedman's town



</doc>
<doc id="6962793" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962793" title="You Decorated My Life">
You Decorated My Life

"You Decorated My Life" is a song written by Debbie Hupp and Bob Morrison, and recorded by American country music artist Kenny Rogers. It was released in September 1979 as the lead single from his album "Kenny". It was a number-one hit on the "Billboard" Country Singles chart, and peaked at number seven on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
"Cash Box" said that "Rogers' smooth, sincere vocal reading here is once again up to his usual high standards."
At the 22nd Annual Grammy Awards in 1980, the song won the Grammy for Best Country Song for songwriters Hupp &amp; Morrison.

</doc>
<doc id="6962796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962796" title="Radhika Coomaraswamy">
Radhika Coomaraswamy

Deshamanya Radhika Coomaraswamy (born 17 September 1953) is a Sri Lankan lawyer, diplomat and human rights advocate who served as an Under-Secretary General and Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict from 2006 to 2012. Secretary-General Kofi Annan appointed her to the position in April 2006. In 1994, she was appointed the United Nations’ Special Rapporteur on Violence Against Women — the first under this mandate. Her appointment marked the first time that violence against women was conceptualized as a political issue internationally.
She co-founded the International Centre for Ethnic Studies (ICES) in 1982. She was nominated to the Constitutional Council (Sri Lanka) as a civil representative on 10 September 2015. In 2017, after atrocities against the Rohingya people, she was appointed a Member of the United Nations Fact Finding Mission on Myanmar.
Early life and education.
Coomaraswamy was born on 17 September 1953 in Colombo, Ceylon. She was the younger daughter of civil servant Rajendra Coomaraswamy (Roving Raju) and his wife Wijeyamani. Her father’s occupation at the United Nations meant that her childhood was spent in New York. Her paternal grandfather C. Coomaraswamy was a civil servant and her maternal grandfather S. K. Wijeyaratnam was chairman of Negombo Urban Council. She has one elder brother, Indrajit Coomaraswamy. She is a graduate of the United Nations International School in New York City. She received her B.A. from Yale University, her J.D. from Columbia University, an LLM from Harvard University and honorary PhDs from Amherst College, the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, the University of Edinburgh, the University of Essex and the CUNY School of Law.
She was also a student of the late United States Supreme Court Justice and pioneer feminist litigator Ruth Bader Ginsburg at Columbia. 
Career.
Coomaraswamy is a lawyer by training and formerly the Chairperson of the Sri Lanka Human Rights Commission, is an internationally known human rights advocate who has worked as the United Nations Special Rapporteur on Violence against Women (1994-2003).
In her reports to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, she has written on violence in the family, violence in the community, violence against women during armed conflict and the problem of international trafficking. A strong advocate on women's rights, she has intervened on behalf of women throughout the world seeking clarification from governments in cases involving violence against women. She also compiled a report on "comfort women", citing Seiji Yoshida's remark (his testimony was later judged to be a fabrication), and has conducted field visits to Japan and Korea on the problem of "comfort women", Rwanda, Colombia, Haiti and Indonesia with regard to violence against women in war time, Poland, India, Bangladesh and Nepal on the issue of trafficking, the United States on women in prisons, Brazil on domestic violence, and Cuba on violence against women generally.
Appointments.
Coomaraswamy was appointed Chairperson of the Sri Lanka Human Rights Commission in May 2003. She has served as a member of the Global Faculty of the New York University School of Law. She also taught a summer course at New College, Oxford, every year on the International Human Rights of Women from 1996-2006. She has published, including two books on constitutional law and numerous articles on ethnic studies and the status of women.
In 2014, Coomaraswamy was appointed by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon as lead author on a Global Study on the implementation of UNSC resolution 1325, on women, peace and security. The Global Study will be presented to the Secretary-General and to the public in October, 2015, when the Security Council will conduct a High-level Review to assess progress at the global, regional and national levels in implementing resolution 1325 (2000).
In January 2008, the United Nations requested that Coomaraswamy, as special representative for children in armed conflict, be allowed to observe the American military tribunal of child soldier Omar Khadr, but she was denied entrance.
In May 2011, Coomaraswamy gave a lecture entitled "Children and Armed Conflict: The International Response" at the University of San Diego's Joan B. Kroc Institute for Peace &amp; Justice Distinguished Lecture Series.
In November 2011, Coomaraswamy gave a lectured entitled "Human Rights: Impact of Armed Conflict on Children" through Monmouth University's Institute for Global Understanding's United Nations Academic Impact Lecture Series.
Recognition.
The President of Sri Lanka conferred on her the title of Deshamanya, a national honour. She has also received the International Law Award of the American Bar Association, the Human Rights Award of the International Human Rights Law Group, the Bruno Kreisky Award of 2000, the Leo Ettinger Human Rights Prize of the University of Oslo, Archbishop Oscar Romero Award of the University of Dayton, the William J. Butler Award from the University of Cincinnati, and the Robert S. Litvack Award from McGill University. In November 2005, in recognition of her service to the country and the world.

</doc>
<doc id="6962800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962800" title="Freedmen's Town">
Freedmen's Town



</doc>
<doc id="6962806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962806" title="A Perfect Teenhood">
A Perfect Teenhood



</doc>
<doc id="6962811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962811" title="U.S. Route 1&amp;9 Truck">
U.S. Route 1&amp;9 Truck



</doc>
<doc id="6962814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962814" title="I Want to Make You Smile">
I Want to Make You Smile



</doc>
<doc id="6962820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962820" title="Ranger Varese">
Ranger Varese



</doc>
<doc id="6962821" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962821" title="You Turn The Light On">
You Turn The Light On



</doc>
<doc id="6962823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962823" title="Santiago Midnight Moonlight">
Santiago Midnight Moonlight



</doc>
<doc id="6962825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962825" title="Aged Dolls">
Aged Dolls



</doc>
<doc id="6962827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962827" title="She's A Mystery">
She's A Mystery



</doc>
<doc id="6962832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962832" title="In And Out Of Your Heart">
In And Out Of Your Heart



</doc>
<doc id="6962834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962834" title="And You Will Know Them...">
And You Will Know Them...



</doc>
<doc id="6962838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962838" title="List of grasshoppers, crickets and allied insects recorded in Britain">
List of grasshoppers, crickets and allied insects recorded in Britain



</doc>
<doc id="6962839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962839" title="You TV">
You TV

You TV was an analog television channel available in Sri Lanka owned by the private company MGM Networks (Pvt) Ltd. It is currently running test transmissions while its sister radio channel, Max Radio, has already begun proper transmissions.
Programming.
You TV started its operations as Max Television. At their time of launch, the channel featured programs from NDTV 24x7. You TV nowadays features programs from France 24.

</doc>
<doc id="6962841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962841" title="Blight Takes All">
Blight Takes All



</doc>
<doc id="6962844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962844" title="Alca impennis">
Alca impennis



</doc>
<doc id="6962845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962845" title="Redwood Creek">
Redwood Creek

Redwood Creek may refer to the following streams in California, United States:

</doc>
<doc id="6962846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962846" title="Children of the Hydra's Teeth">
Children of the Hydra's Teeth



</doc>
<doc id="6962856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962856" title="NLA media access">
NLA media access

NLA media access (often shortened to the NLA) is the collecting society for UK newspapers, a privately owned limited company. It undertakes collective rights management on behalf of its members and licenses companies, such as press cuttings agencies and media monitoring firms.
History.
The NLA was founded in 1996 by the following eight UK national newspaper publishers, who were equal shareholders:
There are seven shareholders as of 2019, following Northern &amp; Shell’s acquisition by Trinity Mirror.
NLA media access distributes over £22m each year to national and regional newspapers in respect of copyright works. In 2009 NLA media access licensed over 1000m copies of newspaper cuttings from more than 1,400 titles and collected licence fees from over 8,300 licensees (representing over 150,000 organisations).
In 2006 the NLA launched eClips, an online database of newspaper cuttings. In 2008, it launched ClipSearch, allowing anyone to search and retrieve original newspaper articles from around the UK, updated 72 hours after publication. In 2009, it introduced Newspapers for Schools, to encourage and ease the access of newspaper material to schools throughout the UK. NLA media access also supports the Journalism Diversity Fund which provides bursaries to students from ethnically and socially diverse backgrounds looking to train as journalists.
Clipping services litigation.
In 2010, NLA media access introduced a licence covering media monitoring services which crawl sites and offer paid-for services based on their filtered results. A media monitoring company, Meltwater Group, charged its clients to view relevant results without those clients needing a licence from a newspaper company or copyright service to read the original mention. The case revolved around whether a client lacking a licence would infringe copyright by being shown, and viewing, the extracts from copyrighted material in this way (it was common ground that to subsequently view a full article would require a licence). The majority of media monitoring agencies signed up for the new NLA web licence with the exception of Meltwater, who argued no licence was required by its clients for this purpose, and in conjunction with the PRCA referred the scheme to the Copyright Tribunal, and the matter was escalated.
In May 2010 the NLA announced action in the High Court and on 26 November the High Court ruled in favour of the NLA. The case was appealed and heard by the UK's Court of Appeal in June 2011. They upheld the decision in the High Court case, implying that most (if not all) businesses subscribing to a media monitoring service that contains content from online newspapers would require a licence.
However this was reversed by the UK Supreme Court in 2013, who ruled Meltwater's activities legal, subject to certain questions referred to the European Court of Justice and intended to clarify matters of a cross-border nature. The rationale was that viewing of copyright works was not, and had never been, illegal in either the UK or European law, and Article 5.1 of the European Directive Directive 2001/29/EC (which covers "temporary copies"]) permitted automated copying of a temporary nature for a lawful purpose. As mere viewing by Meltwater's clients was lawful under UK and EU law, the technical creation of cached copies to enable and facilitate this were also lawful.
On 5 June 2014 the Court of Justice of the European Union in Luxembourg ruled in favour of the PRCA and found that browsing and viewing articles online does not require authorisation from the copyright holder.
External links.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6962861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962861" title="Heinrich Dove">
Heinrich Dove



</doc>
<doc id="6962869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962869" title="One Man's Woman">
One Man's Woman



</doc>
<doc id="6962873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962873" title="One Mans Woman">
One Mans Woman



</doc>
<doc id="6962879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962879" title="Mills v. Board of Education of District of Columbia">
Mills v. Board of Education of District of Columbia

Mills v. Board of Education of District of Columbia, 348 F. Supp. 866 (D.D.C. 1972), was a lawsuit filed against the District of Columbia in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. The court ruled that students with disabilities must be given a public education even if the students are unable to pay for the cost of the education. The case established that "all children are entitled to free public education and training appropriate to their learning capacities". Peter D. Roos, a former staff attorney at Harvard University's Center for Law and Education, described "Mills" as a "leading case" in a series of lawsuits that attempted to provide access to education for children with disabilities. "Mills v. Board" was a certified class action lawsuit under Rule 23(b)(1) and (2). These subsections identify a violation of the right to equal treatment under law in a way that would obstruct the ability to protect one's interest as an individual member of a common class. Additionally, subsection b(2) describes a case with refusal of the opposing party to rectify the transgression to a degree that merits corrective adjudication. This was a broad interpretation of the 14th Amendment due process clause of law and was used to make changes to local school district policy.
Children were denied educational opportunities because they were considered to be "exceptional" which included "mentally retarded, emotionally disturbed, physically handicapped, hyperactive and other children with behavioral problems". The seven plaintiffs were all children that couldn't obtain privately funded education and their representatives called for students to be given proper accommodations for public education. The Board of Education did not provide adequate schooling for these children, which violated their own board regulations. 18,000 similar cases were discovered in the Washington D.C. area at the time. It had failed to provide due process hearings and periodic reviews of each exceptional student case. D.C.'s board of education claimed it would take "millions of dollars" to create conditions in the school district to adequately provide education for all exceptional students. The court disagreed, and they ordered the district to serve all students, regardless of disability, in a lengthy and thorough decree. The judge ruled that public education as well as suitable alternatives, be paid for by the Board of Education regardless of the price. They were to distribute all available resources equally in order to make accommodations for disabled students in the district in order to ensure that the burden of the lack of funds was not "permitted to bear more heavily" on children with mental or physical handicaps.
In December 1971, the settlement agreed to make changes. Since the school board was not able to fulfill the requirements, Judge Joseph Cornelius Waddy said in his order that the board must do the three of the following: name 4 of class representative with publicly funded education, name everyone in the Mills class and provide them publicly funded education, and provide more funding for special education programs and mentors.

</doc>
<doc id="6962882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962882" title="Old Folks (Ronnie Milsap and Mike Reid song)">
Old Folks (Ronnie Milsap and Mike Reid song)

"Old Folks" is a song recorded by American country music artists Ronnie Milsap and Mike Reid, the latter of whom wrote the song. It was released in March 1988 as the third single from Milsap's album "Heart &amp; Soul". The song reached No. 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles &amp; Tracks chart.
Content.
The song pays homage to two elderly people: a gentleman who, despite being 80 years old still works daily and is still bitter over the Brooklyn Dodgers' franchise move to Los Angeles; and a grandmother who maintains a sweet disposition and bakes delicious pies despite severe arthritis. Because of their old age, people sometimes look upon them with disdain and discomfort because of their ways, but as the singers remind, ""One day we will be old folks too"."

</doc>
<doc id="6962884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962884" title="Ampersand (&amp;)">
Ampersand (&amp;)



</doc>
<doc id="6962890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962890" title="Astrology and alchemy">
Astrology and alchemy



</doc>
<doc id="6962900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962900" title="Geography of Ontario">
Geography of Ontario

 
Ontario is located in East/Central Canada. It is Canada's second largest province by land area. Its physical features vary greatly from the Mixedwood Plains in the southeast to the boreal forests and tundra in the north. Ontario borders Manitoba to the west, Hudson Bay and James Bay to the north, Quebec to the east, and the Great Lakes and the United States to the south. The province is named for Great Lake Ontario, an adaptation of the Iroquois word "Onitariio", meaning "beautiful lake", or "Kanadario", variously translated as "beautiful water". There are approximately 250,000 lakes and over of rivers in the province.
Almost 94% of the population is concentrated within Southern Ontario, where the population was over 12,850,000 in the 2011 census. The Golden Horseshoe is the most populous part of Southern Ontario, with a population of 9,765,188 in the 2021 census.
Population.
Ontario is the most populous province in Canada. Southern Ontario is one of the densest regions in the country. The north is vast and sparse compared to the south. The national capital Ottawa is located in Ontario bordering Quebec. Located within the Golden Horseshoe, Toronto is the capital of Ontario, the financial centre of Canada, and the country's most populous city.
Ontario is the second-most urbanized province after British Columbia, with 85.9% of the population living in urban areas.
Physical geography.
Southwestern Ontario and a narrow strip along the coast of the Saint Lawrence River are in the Mixedwood Plains, a fertile and productive ecozone that is typically flat with rolling hills, and was once covered by forest before its use for agriculture, and later urbanization, resulted in deforestation of vast swaths of the area. To its north is the Boreal Shield, the largest provincial ecozone, extending from south-central Ontario to cover most of northern Ontario, where it abuts the Hudson Plains. The Northwestern Ontario portion of this area is part of the Midwestern Canadian Shield forests ecoregion of boreal forest that spreads west through Manitoba and Saskatchewan. The plains that cover the heartland of Ontario are a transitional ecozone characterized by boreal features in the south and tundra landscapes in the north. This extends the entire range of the northern coast of Ontario with Hudson Bay and James Bay, at which numerous wetlands act as staging and nesting grounds for migratory birds. The waters of the two bays are in the Arctic Archipelago Marine ecozone, forming its southern, subarctic extent.
Geology.
Ontario, owing to its size, has diverse geology that varies in structure, age, and lithology. About 61% of the province is covered by the Canadian Shield, mostly with Precambrian rock. These rocks contain large mineral deposits that are vital to the economy of northern Ontario. The shield can further be divided into three sections. The northwestern parts of the Shield, located roughly north and west of Sudbury, are known as the Superior Province; this is the largest of the three sections, covering about 70% of the Shield portion in Ontario. This region is more than 2.5 billion years old and is composed of felsic intrusive rocks. In the northernmost parts of the Superior Province, the geology of the region is dominated by granite and gneiss rocks. The central region of the Shield, known as the Grenville Province and located south of Sudbury, is 1.0 to 1.6 billion years old and is dominated by sedimentary rocks showing evidence of being subjected to metamorphism. It makes up about 20% of the Canadian Shield in Ontario. These rocks were metamorphosed between 990 million years ago and 1.08 billion years ago. The third region, known as the Southern province which is a narrow region from Sault Ste. Marie to Kirkland Lake, is made of rocks dating 1.8 to 2.4 billion years ago. The Hudson Bay lowlands, located north of the Canadian Shield, are mainly made of sedimentary rocks from the Silurian Period, although some parts date from the Ordovician and Devonian periods. This area covers 25% of the province. Most of the bedrock in the Hudson Bay lowlands is composed of limestone and carbonate-dominated sedimentary rock.
Boundaries.
The longest border is with the Canadian province of Manitoba to the west for approximately along a line defined as the Northwesternmost point of the Lake of the Woods to latitude 52°50' N then a diagonal line to the point where the shore of Hudson Bay meets the 89th meridian west of Greenwich. The boundary of Ontario on Hudson and James Bay does not extend beyond the shoreline, as all islands within the bays belong to Nunavut. The border with Quebec is defined by a line due north of the head of Lake Timiskaming to James Bay, and southeast from there, the Ottawa River for about . The boundary follows a small portion of land south of the Ottawa River until it meets the Saint Lawrence River near Cornwall.
Ontario also shares borders with several U.S. states. From west to east, the Minnesota border consists of the Lake of the Woods, Rainy River, Rainy Lake and its tributaries. The border then includes the only 1 km of land of its entire 2,700 km U.S. border, the Height of Land Portage, which divides the Arctic Ocean and Nelson River watershed from that of the St Lawrence River and the Atlantic Ocean. The U.S./Minnesota border then follows tributaries of the Pigeon River to its mouth at Lake Superior. Ontario borders Michigan across Lake Superior, the Saint Mary's River, Lake Huron, the St. Clair River, Lake St. Clair, the Detroit River, and Lake Erie. The province also borders Ohio and Pennsylvania across Lake Erie. The 309 km boundary with New York includes Lake Ontario, the St. Lawrence and Niagara rivers.
Elevation.
An extensive amount of land along the south and west shores of James Bay and Hudson Bay is low and covered with wetlands. The land in the North-east and North-west, generally north of Lake Superior, is the Canadian Shield where most of Ontario's highest points are found.
Further south, many hilltops of the Algonquin, Haliburton and Madawaska Highlands, which are also part of the shield that covers much of the north, surpass altitudes of 500 m (1640').
The Municipality of Temagami is located on the northeast arm of Lake Temagami, 100 km north of North Bay. Ontario's highest point, Ishpatina Ridge (693 metres), is within the municipality's boundaries. The next highest points are in Dufferin, Grey and the western side of Simcoe counties, where the elevation ranges from 430 m (1,400') to 540 m (1,750'). Much of the higher land sits atop the Niagara Escarpment in a generally flat area known as the Dundalk Highlands. Just to the south, in Wellington County and Waterloo Region, general elevations are from 300 m (1,000') to 400 m (1,300'). A striking topographical feature of the Niagara Escarpment is its limestone cliff face, in general between 80 m (250') and 100 m (330') above the surrounding land, extending from the Niagara peninsula northwest to the Bruce Peninsula.
The flattest areas of the province can be found in the lowlands of the far north, and in southwestern and eastern Ontario.
Water.
Ontario is known for the large number of lakes and rivers it contains. About one-fifth of the world's fresh water can be found in Ontario. Ontario is also known for being the only province in Canada that touches the Great Lakes. Ontario touches four of the Great Lakes: Huron, Lake Ontario (the province is named after the lake), Erie and Superior.
Ontario's vast rivers and lakes originally opened the province for exploration and have made possible hydroelectric power, mills and various forms of industrialization. Most of Ontario is fed by rainfall, and in most parts snow is relied on. Precipitation is most common in the southern and central parts of Ontario where variations among the seasons are not especially great; but winter and spring are less aqueous than in northern and northwestern Ontario.
Climate.
The climate of Ontario varies by season and location. It is affected by three air sources: cold, dry, arctic air from the north (dominant factor during the winter months, and for a longer part of the year in far northern Ontario); Pacific polar air crossing in from the western Canadian Prairies/US Northern Plains; and warm, moist air from the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean. The effects of these major air masses on temperature and precipitation depend mainly on latitude, proximity to major bodies of water and to a small extent, terrain relief. The surrounding Great Lakes greatly influence the climatic region of southern Ontario. During the fall and winter months, heat stored from the lakes is released, moderating the climate near the shores of the lakes. This gives some parts of southern Ontario milder winters than mid-continental areas at lower latitudes. In general, most of Ontario's climate is classified as humid continental. 
Ontario has three main climatic regions:
Southern Ontario.
Almost all of southern Ontario either falls in the Köppen climate classification Dfb or Dfa, found in Windsor and over a large part of Southwestern Ontario, and further to the east, in the city of Toronto and over most of the southern half of the Golden Horseshoe wrapping around the west end of Lake Ontario, which encompasses the Niagara Region. Some cities straddle the zone boundary, such as London, the upper part of Hamilton, and Cornwall in Southeastern Ontario. Other cities fit into the Dfb schema, including Kitchener, Barrie, Kingston and Ottawa. The region has warm, humid summers and cold, usually moist winters. Extreme heat and cold usually occur for short periods. It is considered a temperate climate when compared with the remainder of continental Canada. In the fall and winter, temperatures are moderated by the delayed cooling of the Great Lakes; this effect is reversed in spring and summer when afternoon warming is tempered. The lakes' moderating effects allow for a longer growing season than areas at similar latitudes in the continent's interior; some areas exceed 200 frost-free days and have an annual mean temperature of 10 °C (50 °F). Both spring and fall generally consist of mild days and cool nights but are prone to drastic temperature changes over a short timespan. Annual precipitation ranges from 75 to 110 cm (30–43 in) and is well distributed throughout the year with a usual summer peak. Upland areas in this region have cooler conditions, examples would be Mount Forest and Bancroft, generally more precipitation (especially snowfall), putting them firmly into the Dfb climate scheme. Most of Southern Ontario lies in the lee of the Great Lakes, producing abundant snow in some areas: (London, Goderich and Barrie, for example) receive an average of over 2 m (80") annually, while some other areas are not in the direct line of snowbelt activity can receive on average less 1 m (40") of snow per year, such as in Chatham and Brantford. 
Northern Ontario.
Also included in the Dfb climate are the southern reaches of including the cities of Sudbury and North Bay, which have a more severe humid continental climate. This region has warm and humid summers but with more variability, a much shorter growing season with cold, longer winters with roughly equal annual precipitation to the south. Along the eastern shores of Lake Superior and Lake Huron (including Georgian Bay), the longer winters and frequent heavy lake-effect snow squalls increase seasonal snowfall totals upwards of 3 m (120 in) in some locations, such as Wawa but further north in Timmins far removed from the lakes influence. 
Köppen climate classification Dfc: The northernmost parts of Ontario — primarily north of 50°N and with no major cities in the area — have a subarctic climate with long, severely cold winters and short summers, with dramatic temperature changes possible in all seasons. In summer, hot weather occasionally reaches even the northernmost parts of Ontario for brief periods, although humidity is generally lower than in the south. With no major mountain ranges blocking sinking Arctic air masses, temperatures of are not uncommon. The snow stays on the ground much longer here than in other regions of Ontario; snow cover is usually present to some extent between October and May. Surprisingly warm to hot temperatures sometimes occur in Northern Ontario communities when there is a long flow of wind from the south, as happened on 10 May 2022 when Moosonee recorded Canada's first reading of the year.
Severe weather.
Severe and non-severe thunderstorms peak in frequency from June through August but can occur at any time. Thunderstorm activity is frequent, and occasionally severe across the South, but also in Central and Northwestern Ontario. Thunderstorms form from daytime convective heating and frontal activity; in the south, lake breeze convergences also intensify storms. Another severe type of thunderstorm is known as a Mesocyclonic Convective Complex or Derecho, which is a larger cluster-type thunderstorm mass with a more or less circular shape, often with a pronounced bow shape at its front or leading edge. During periods of hot weather in summer, they often develop in the afternoon west of the Great Lakes then strike Southern and Central Ontario at night with great forward motion, bringing severe straight-line winds over wide areas resulting in damage to forests, power interruption and infrastructure damage. The areas with the highest severe weather frequency in the province are Southwestern (Windsor, Chatham, Stratford corridor) and Central Ontario (Simcoe County including the city of Barrie, Lake Simcoe and the Kawartha Lakes region), both areas often getting amplified storms resulting from the Lake Breeze Front convergence. London has the most lightning strikes per year in Canada, averaging 34 days of thunderstorm activity per year. In a typical year, based on averages from the period from 1980 to 2009 compiled by the Northern Tornadoes Project, Ontario averaged 18.2 confirmed tornado touchdowns per year. 
There were a record 29 tornadoes conformed in both 2006 and 2009.
These tornadoes, however, are only on occasion destructive (the vast majority are classified as EF0 or EF1 on the Enhanced Fujita scale). In Northern Ontario, some tornadoes go undetected by ground spotters because of the sparse population and remote landscape; they are often discovered after the fact by aircraft pilots, where aerial observations of damaged forest confirm occurrences. All of Northern Ontario north of a line from Lake Nipigon to Timmins has no weather radar coverage by Environment Canada making it difficult to detect tornadoes in far northern Ontario when they occur. Tropical depression remnants can cause copious rains and winds in the south, but are rarely deadly. A notable exception was Hurricane Hazel in October 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="6962907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962907" title="One-off housing">
One-off housing

One-off housing is a term used in Ireland to refer to the building of individual rural houses, outside of towns and villages. The term is used to contrast with housing developments where multiple units are constructed as part of a housing estate or city street. Less commonly, the term is used to refer to infill housing in suburban areas.
Characteristics.
Other than being located outside any town or village, a typical one-off house built in the last twenty years is likely to be a bungalow of concrete block construction 1,500–2,500 square feet in floor area, with a rectangular footprint and a pitched roof.
One-off houses exist in many forms and the builder has autonomy over what design features to incorporate, in contrast to the uniform characteristics often found in more mass-produced forms of housing such as tract housing, prefabricated housing, and apartment buildings. Nevertheless, one-off construction does not guarantee any architectural merit or uniqueness as plans are readily available off the shelf.
A septic tank is used for sewage treatment, a well is drilled to provide freshwater, while a satellite dish provides television reception.
Provision of services.
In remote areas provision of services to one-off houses using public utilities can be prohibitively expensive or simply unavailable and an alternative will need to be arranged
Prevalence.
Ireland.
Government officials stated at a planning conference in 2001 that 36% of dwellings built in 2000 in Ireland were one-off houses. Recent years have seen a huge increase in the supply of all types of housing in Ireland with 547,000 houses, equivalent to a third of the total national housing stock, built in the period 1996–2006
A 2002 publication by the ESRI reported that one-third of Ireland's housing stock consists of one-off houses.
Of 11,604 houses granted planning permission in Ireland in 2010, 48% were for one-off houses.
Debate.
The debate centers around the presumed rights of Irish people to live where and how they like versus the presumed obligation of the Irish state to curtail development patterns that it considers detrimental to society as a whole. There is a spectrum of opinion ranging from those who would oppose or allow all isolated rural development to those who would allow for isolated rural development in various circumstances.
Right to build on one's own land.
There are two versions of this argument: that people should have the right to either build on land they own or else that people should have the right to build a house near to where their families live.
Traditional land use patterns.
Dr Séamus Caulfield, retired professor of archaeology at University College Dublin, has stated that Irish Stone Age rural settlements were dispersed throughout the countryside but that in recent years planners were using British Anglo-Saxon planning models that emphasise "settlement in urban areas – nucleation settlements".
Minister for the Environment, Dick Roche, has supported the view that one-off housing is a continuation of the traditional land use patterns in Ireland for millennia.
We have a dispersed pattern of settlement going back thousands of years.
In contrast, An Tasice has argued that early settlements were nucleated and communal, often surrounded by ringforts for protection. It also argues that the environmental effects of one-off housing in the Stone Age were different from those observed in a car-dependent modern lifestyle.
Tourism.
Tourism is one of the most important sectors in the Irish economy contributing up to €6 billion to the Irish economy annually. 80% of all holidaymakers visiting Ireland in 2006 listed the 'beautiful scenery' and 74% cited 'unspoilt environment' as key motivating factors in visiting Ireland. The continued policy mandating the proliferation of one-off rural housing will result in an erosion of the rural and natural environment and directly threatens the future viability of the Irish tourism sector.
Health.
Because the residents of one-off housing are more car-dependent than those living in towns and villages, organisations such as An Taisce have stated that these groups are more likely to suffer from obesity.
Senator Mary Henry has pointed out that one-off houses are often built without any footpath connection to a local town, thus discouraging walking.
Energy Use.
Irish organisations such as FEASTA (The foundation for the economics of sustainability) and COMHAR (The national sustainable development partnership), have made the case that the increased demand for private car use that follows from one-off housing development will lead to a greater average carbon footprint for residents of this type of dwelling. Increased CO2 pollution will, they claim, have negative environmental implications and lead to possible fines under the Kyoto Protocol.
Lower quality and higher-priced services.
By their dispersed nature, one-off houses are built further away from commercial, utility, social and emergency services than urban dwellings. As a result, the cost of providing these services is increased.
Even where services are sold at the same price as in urban areas, the quality is often poorer with, for example, frequent electricity power cuts, potholed roads, longer waits for emergency services, and poor quality of internet access.
Subsidies.
The increased cost of service provision to one-off houses must be paid either by the householder or absorbed by the service provider. In the latter case, The Irish Planning Institute has referred to this cost transfer as a subsidy.
The same report identified other subsidies to one-off housing as: school transport, rural road maintenance, increased costs when upgrading national roads, environmental costs from pollution due to septic tanks, and uneven application of social and affordable housing levies between urban and rural houses.
By contrast, supporters of one-off housing speculate that subsidies may be paid by rural taxpayers whenever large infrastructure projects are constructed by the state in Dublin from central exchequer funds.
 
However, other commentators see one-off housing as actually undermining efforts to deliver national infrastructure, and unambiguously transferring costs to urban and suburban dwellers. Economist David McWilliams writes
Let us be very clear: if we have one-off housing, we cannot have a functioning public transport system, public health service, public education system or postal system, never mind universal access to broadband or cable. ...
So who pays? The worker who has abided by the laws, who has bought a place in a town or a village and who is not lucky enough to inherit land.
It has been argued by Éamon Ó Cuív, T.D., Minister for Community, Rural and Gaeltacht Affairs, that the marginal cost of supplying services to new one-off houses is low. Irish planning commentator James Nix says
The Minister's primary argument can be described as "the house at the end of the valley point". It posits the following: where utility lines, pipelines and post are already delivered to a house at the end of a valley, then there can be no argument against ribbon development on the road leading to that house. It must be said that this argument has an initial attractiveness to it. To some extent, however, it overlooks the fact that the "house at the end of the valley" is usually served at shoestring capacity. In other words a whole new infrastructure would be required to accommodate the addition of three or four houses on the road going into the valley.
Even where the services leading to the house at the end of the valley have untapped capacity, the previously expressed criticisms of urban-focused one-off housing are not displaced. The postal company still has to serve an additional three or four houses using a van or car. Household wastes are more expensive to collect or treat, and so on. Finally, the house at the end of the road into the valley is likely to be connected with a farming or forestry concern. It generates comparatively few traffic movements as compared with commuter-focused housing.
Rural depopulation.
It is argued by Dick Roche that
The most important ingredient in rural development is population.The implication of this argument is that permitting one-off housing sustains rural populations by making it economically feasible for people to live in rural areas.
There are two counter-arguments: that one-off housing draws people out of rural towns and villages, stifling the growth of these regions, or else that population growth is not desirable in 'ultra-rural' areas that ought rather to become natural recreational areas with land-owners employed in land-maintenance, forestry and tourism-related services.
Appeal to motive arguments.
Opponents of one-off housing sometimes claim the motivation for this type of development is financial. Their argument is that due to the presumed Irish property bubble, it has become far cheaper to build rather than buy a house in Ireland and that one-off housing regulations allow for the conversion of inexpensive agricultural land into plots often worth more than €150,000 per site. They argue that farmers have become reliant on housing as a cash crop, while one-off builders are motivated by the capital gains they expect to make on their property.
By contrast, advocates of one-off housing may characterise those who would limit this type of development as Dublin 4 urbanites motivated by a desire to maintain the hegemony of cities and put country people in their place. Opponents of one-off housing are sometimes compared to colonial British landlords from the era before Irish independence.
Proponents and opponents.
One-off housing development is broadly supported by the former Minister for the Environment, Heritage and Local Government, Dick Roche, and by the Minister for Community, Rural and Gaeltacht Affairs, Éamon Ó Cuív. In 2005, the Irish government (a coalition between Fianna Fáil and the Progressive Democrats) introduced policy guidelines that detailed the circumstances under which one-off housing should be promoted. These guidelines were supported by Sinn Féin and Fine Gael (the largest opposition party).
The Irish Farmers Association and the Irish Rural Dwellers Association also promote one-off housing.
An Taisce, an Irish conservation organisation, maintains a policy against the proliferation of one-off housing development. Frank McDonald, a journalist with The Irish Times coined the term 'Bungalow Blitz' in a series of articles condemning one-off housing in the 1980s. This was a pun on the title of a popular book named 'Bungalow Bliss' by Jack Fitzsimons, that contained architectural plans for bungalows intended to be used by those building their own homes. The Irish Green Party opposes the proliferation of one-off housing development.
The Stop Bungalow Chaos Campaign Group also actively lobbies against the current status quo policies favouring the proliferation of one-off housing in Ireland.
Circumstances under which one-off housing may be encouraged.
Local authorities often allow one-off developments where they meet some of the following criteria:
According to Minister Éamon Ó Cuív, 80% of applications for one-off housing in Ireland are approved.

</doc>
<doc id="6962911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962911" title="Mistakes &amp; Regrets">
Mistakes &amp; Regrets



</doc>
<doc id="6962912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962912" title="Mr. Kil">
Mr. Kil



</doc>
<doc id="6962913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962913" title="Massy Kuramoto">
Massy Kuramoto



</doc>
<doc id="6962914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962914" title="Sigh Your Children">
Sigh Your Children



</doc>
<doc id="6962920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962920" title="Low flow toilet">
Low flow toilet



</doc>
<doc id="6962922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962922" title="The Day the Air Turned Blue">
The Day the Air Turned Blue



</doc>
<doc id="6962927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962927" title="Indemnity Ordinance">
Indemnity Ordinance



</doc>
<doc id="6962929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962929" title="The Cotswolds">
The Cotswolds



</doc>
<doc id="6962934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962934" title="Siyatha TV">
Siyatha TV

Siyatha TV is a private Sri Lankan 4K Ultra HD channel currently broadcasting in Sri Lanka in the Sinhala language. It is owned by the Voice of Asia Network (Pvt) Ltd, which also runs radio channels named Siyatha FM, Real Radio, Kiss FM and Vettri FM.
Background.
Along with their sister channel, Vettri TV, the Voice of Asia Network (Pvt) began broadcasting Siyatha TV on September 17, 2009 on E32 UHF.
Siyatha TV is the first Sri Lankan terrestrial channel to go simultaneously on satellite through their own DTH platform. This platform currently carry all VOA Television and Radio channels on Intelsat 906 satellite located at 64´E.
Roshantha Kariyapperuma, owns the Voice of Asia Network which owns Siyatha TV along-with Roshantha Kariyapperuma's brother, Priyantha Kariyapperuma, who was a former Director General of the Telecommunications Regulatory Commission of Sri Lanka (TRC).
Revamp.
On 15 February 2017, the parent company Voice of Asia Network (Pvt) Ltd had their network relaunch, Siyatha TV, revamped their entire line-up of programs and the look and feel of the TV station along with becoming an "Ultra HD 4K Television Channel".
Programming.
Siyatha TV broadcasts a range of entertainment programmes including dramas, reality shows, Kids Programme, Cartoons, music and News. It operates 16 hours a day, between 05:00 am and 12:00 midnight.
In April 2010, a quiz program titled "Siyatha TV T20 Quiz" was telecast.
New Station.
Voice of Asia is expected to launch a new station, Real TV, in coming months.
Firebombing.
Early on July 30, 2010, 12 armed men attacked and firebombed the Siyatha TV and radio station, destroying much of the broadcasting equipment. The gunmen forced the staff to kneel at gunpoint, and injured two of them.

</doc>
<doc id="6962937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962937" title="Totally Natural">
Totally Natural



</doc>
<doc id="6962942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962942" title="Up from Redemption">
Up from Redemption



</doc>
<doc id="6962948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962948" title="Rooster Varese">
Rooster Varese



</doc>
<doc id="6962949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962949" title="Gideon (album)">
Gideon (album)

Gideon is the ninth studio album by American singer Kenny Rogers. It was released by United Artists Records in 1980. The album hit #1 on the Country albums chart and #12 on the main "Billboard" album chart. It includes the worldwide hit "Don't Fall in Love with a Dreamer" (a duet with Kim Carnes, who co-wrote the entire album with her husband Dave Ellingson). "Gideon" was certified platinum by the RIAA.
"Gideon" is a concept album about a Texas cowboy, and all the songs stick to this theme. The album is a look back at his life in retrospect. In the first song "Gideon Tanner", it is known that Gideon is dead. This and most of the other songs are sung from the point of view of the character himself.
Although the album's only single release was "Don't Fall in Love with a Dreamer", the song "Saying Goodbye" was issued on the B-side to Rogers' top five hit single "Love the World Away".

</doc>
<doc id="6962951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962951" title="BCore Disc">
BCore Disc

BCore Disc is an independent Spanish record label focused on the hardcore punk DIY culture, founded in 1990.
History.
BCore Disc began in Barcelona 1990, with the edition of the first record by the Barcelonian band Corn Flakes, called "No Problem". It released mostly Spanish hardcore bands in its earliest period, and through the years it has opened its style range to all indie rock tendencies, from the poppier Les Philippes to the post-rock of G.a.s. drummers passing through Tokyo Sex Destruction's garage, Madee's emo, Standstill's vanguardist post-hardcore, The Unfinished Sympathy's melodic rock and Delorean's electronics. The company was also responsible for organizing the annual Hardcore Festival in Sant Feliu de Guíxols.

</doc>
<doc id="6962952" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962952" title="Public Law 93-112 (Rehabilitation Act of 1973)">
Public Law 93-112 (Rehabilitation Act of 1973)



</doc>
<doc id="6962956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962956" title="Gabor Varga (aviator)">
Gabor Varga (aviator)

Gabor Varga (15 March 1961 – 10 September 2006) was a Swedish aviator who was in the Guinness Book of Records for having performed 256 aerobatic loops in an hour.
On 10 September 2006, Varga was performing during the Aero GP air show over Marsamxett Harbour off Valletta, Malta, in his Yakovlev Yak-55 when he was killed instantly in a mid-air collision with the Extra EA-200 of Irish pilot Eddie Goggins. Goggins survived with minor injuries.

</doc>
<doc id="6962962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962962" title="Sicklefin weasel shark">
Sicklefin weasel shark

The sicklefin weasel shark ("Hemigaleus microstoma") is an uncommon species of ground shark in the family Hemigaleidae. It is native to southern India, southern China, and parts of Southeast Asia, living in shallow waters down to a depth of . This lightly built shark is characterized by its very short mouth, broad upper teeth with serrations only on the trailing edge, and strongly sickle-shaped fins with obvious white tips on the two dorsal fins. It is light grey or bronze in colour, often with small white blotches on its sides; it reaches a maximum known length of .
Spending most of its time close to the sea floor, the sicklefin weasel shark is a specialist predator of cephalopods. Its reproductive mode is viviparous, in which the unborn young form a placental connection to their mother. Females probably give birth twice a year, with each litter consisting of two to four pups. The sicklefin weasel shark is widely caught by artisanal fisheries and used for meat, fins, and fishmeal; its low natural abundance and reproductive rate mean that it cannot sustain much fishing pressure. Given that fishing activity is intense throughout its range, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed this species as vulnerable.
Taxonomy.
Dutch ichthyologist Pieter Bleeker described the sicklefin weasel shark in 1852. He gave it the specific epithet "microstoma", from the Greek "mikros" ("small") and "stoma" ("mouth"), and placed it in a new genus, "Hemigaleus". His account was based on two females from Jakarta, Indonesia, measuring long. This species was once thought to occur off Australia, but that population is now recognised as a distinct species, "H. australiensis". Yuanting Chu's 1960 description of "Negogaleus brachygnathus" from Chinese waters is probably of the same species as "H. microstoma". Albert William Herre's 1929 description of "Hemigaleus machlani" from the Philippines, though lacking in detail, is also consistent with being of this species.
Description.
The sicklefin weasel shark is a slender-bodied species reaching in length. The snout is fairly long and rounded, with the nostrils preceded by short flaps of skin. The large, oval eyes are equipped with nictitating membranes and are followed by minute spiracles. The mouth forms a very short, wide arch and conceals the teeth when closed. Moderately long furrows are present at the corners of the mouth. It has 25–34 upper and 37–43 lower tooth rows; the upper teeth are broad and angled with a smooth leading edge and strongly serrated trailing edge, while the lower teeth are narrow, erect, and smooth-edged. The five pairs of gill slits are short.
The fins are strongly falcate (sickle-shaped), particularly the dorsal fins, pelvic fins, and lower caudal fin lobe. The pectoral fins are narrow and pointed. The first dorsal fin is positioned about halfway between the pectoral and pelvic fins. The second dorsal fin is about two-thirds as tall as the first and is positioned slightly ahead of the anal fin. The anal fin is smaller than the second dorsal fin. The dorsal surface of the caudal peduncle bears a crescent-shaped notch at the caudal fin origin. The asymmetrical caudal fin has a well-developed lower lobe and a long upper lobe with a ventral notch near the tip. The dermal denticles are small and overlapping; each has five horizontal ridges leading to marginal teeth. This species is light grey or bronze above, often with small white spots on the sides, and pale below. The dorsal fins are tipped in white, which is especially obvious on the second dorsal as the remainder of fin is mostly dark.
Distribution and habitat.
The sicklefin weasel shark is found off southern India and Sri Lanka, as well as from southern China and Taiwan to Java and Borneo. It may also occur around the Philippines and in the Red Sea, though specimens from these regions need to be compared taxonomically with those from its confirmed range. It does not seem to be very common naturally. This species inhabits continental and insular shelves from inshore waters to at least a depth of , and usually swims close to the sea floor.
Biology and ecology.
The diet of the sicklefin weasel shark is composed almost entirely of cephalopods, though crustaceans and echinoderms may be infrequently eaten. Its small mouth and short gill slits may be adaptations for capturing cephalopods by suction, while its weak jaws and small teeth reflect a diet of mostly soft-bodied prey. This species is viviparous, wherein the developing embryos are sustained to term through a placental connection formed from the depleted yolk sac. Females likely produce two litters per year, implying a gestation period under six months. Between two and four pups are born at a time (average 3.3); newborns measure roughly long. Males mature sexually around long, while females mature around long.
Human interactions.
The sicklefin weasel shark is not dangerous to humans. It is caught by artisanal fishers throughout its range, mostly in drifting and bottom gillnets, but also in bottom trawls and on longlines. The meat is eaten, the fins are used in shark fin soup, and the offal is processed into fishmeal. However, the small size of this shark limits its economic value. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed the sicklefin weasel shark as vulnerable, noting that it is naturally uncommon and resides in heavily fished regions. In addition, compared to the related Australian weasel shark, it is less productive, thus less resilient to withstand fishing pressure.

</doc>
<doc id="6962966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962966" title="Hemigaleus microstoma">
Hemigaleus microstoma



</doc>
<doc id="6962967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962967" title="Hot Garden Stomp">
Hot Garden Stomp



</doc>
<doc id="6962972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962972" title="Seasick Steve">
Seasick Steve

Steven Gene Wold (né Leach; March 19, 1951), commonly known as Seasick Steve, is an American blues musician. He plays mostly personalized guitars and sings, usually about his early life doing casual work. From the late 1960s, he worked as a musician and recording engineer in the US and Europe; he played bass in Shanti and was in a disco band called Crystal Grass as well as other bands. He also pursued other works, including producing an album for Modest Mouse. He achieved his breakthrough, initially in the UK, at the end of 2006 when he appeared on Jools Holland's annual "Hootenanny" as Seasick Steve. He has since released a number of commercially successful albums, including "I Started Out with Nothin and I Still Got Most of It Left", "Man from Another Time", and "Sonic Soul Surfer".
Life and career.
The publicity about Wold at the time he first became successful in Britain, in the mid-2000s, suggested that he was then aged in his sixties, and emphasised his past as a hobo in Tennessee and Mississippi. In a 2008 interview in Memphis, Wold was quoted as stating: "I came down here as a young feller looking for the blues, but I didn't find them... Wasn't in Clarksdale but an hour before a big, old redneck policeman ran me right out of town again. That was how it was back then, and there were some places hereabouts you just didn't go if you were a hobo." By his own account, he would travel long distances by hopping freight trains, looking for work as a farm laborer or in other seasonal jobs. He claimed that he had worked at a carnival, as a cowboy and as a migrant worker. In a 2007 interview, he said: "I rode them [freight trains] for 14 years off and on..", adding "I've been married to this one girl for 25 years, so I’m a little bit settled down now..."
In 2016, an unauthorized biography by Matthew Wright presented evidence that parts of Wold's backstory may have been exaggerated. Wright drew on interviews with Wold's estranged eldest son as well as previously published material covering his career in music since the late 1960s, and commented that Wold was "retiring about facts of his own life".
Childhood and early life.
Steve Wold was born in Oakland, California, as Steven Gene Leach, though his biographer suggests that he may have been adopted as a baby. He took the surname Wold in the early 1980s, from that of his second wife. In 2000, he gave his age as 50, though later publicity implied that he was older. Official birth records confirm his birth year as 1951. 
When he was four years old, his parents split up and he continued to live with his mother. He claimed that as a child he was taught to play the guitar by K. C. Douglas, who worked at his grandfather's garage, and later realised that he had been taught the blues. Douglas wrote the song "Mercury Blues" and had played with Tommy Johnson in the early 1940s. His mother remarried, to a Korean War veteran who Wold characterized as abusive, and, at the age of about 13, Wold claimed that he left home following a violent confrontation with his stepfather.
Wold claimed to have lived rough and on the road in Tennessee, Mississippi and elsewhere, until at least the late 1960s. However, Wright's biography claims that Wold lived in Haight-Ashbury, San Francisco, for some time from 1965. He attended the Monterey Pop Festival, regularly saw bands such as The Grateful Dead perform in the area, and became acquainted with Janis Joplin and Jimi Hendrix.
Early musical activities.
In about 1969, he toured clubs in the region as a backing musician with Lightnin' Hopkins. In 1970, as Steve Leach, he became the bass player in an innovative band, Shanti, who performed a fusion of Indian and rock music. Other band members included Zakir Hussain and Aashish Khan, and all the band members were adherents of Transcendental Meditation. In liner notes for a 2015 reissue of Shanti's only album, writer Richie Unterberger states that "bassist Steve Leach has reinvented himself as the blues musician Seasick Steve", and his participation in Shanti was confirmed by Seattle band the Tremens.
He left California in 1972 and moved to Paris, France, where he busked in the Métro. He occasionally returned to California where he married Victoria Johnson in 1974; they had two sons together but later divorced. Wold also spent time in the 1970s in Hawaii, and worked as a session musician and studio engineer, as well as in occasional manual jobs. He has claimed to have played with other musicians including Son House, John Lee Hooker, Albert King, and Joni Mitchell around this time. In 1976, he worked with French producer Lee Hallyday and fronted the disco group Crystal Grass. Leach appeared on two Crystal Grass albums released by Philips Records in France, "Dance Up a Storm" and "Ocean Potion", the latter credited to Steve Leach with the Crystal Grass Orchestra. The group also released several singles including "You Can Be What You Dream". He also sang on the first album released by Mike Love's side project Celebration, a collaboration with members of the Paris-based band King Harvest.
Around 1980, Steve Leach returned to Europe. In 1982, he appeared as singer and guitarist on an album, "Women and Sports", by the band Clean, Athletic &amp; Talented (C.A.T.), co-writing their single "I Love To Touch Young Girls". He met Elisabeth Wold in a blues bar in Oslo, Norway, and adopted her surname after she became his second wife. For a time in the early 1980s, he lived in London, and then with Elisabeth in Skelmersdale, England, which biographer Wright notes is the location of a major Transcendental Meditation movement center. He later claimed to have run a recording studio in Europe before selling it.
After returning to the US, he trained as a paramedic, before moving with his wife and their three sons from Nashville, Tennessee, to Olympia, near Seattle, in 1991. The move was partly motivated by Elisabeth Wold's desire to live in an area reminiscent of her native Norway, but also reflected the area's developing indie music scene. In Olympia, Wold established his own guitar store and recording studio, Moon Music. He was acquainted with Kurt Cobain, and began producing records by local musicians, including Kathleen Hanna and Fitz of Depression. Wold produced the 1996 debut album by Modest Mouse, "This Is a Long Drive for Someone with Nothing to Think About", and recordings by the band P.E.Z. on which he played guitar. He also worked closely with a local band, the Tremens, and with them started to form a band, Dr Steel and the Forty-nines, with himself as singer and lead guitarist, but this fell through. A 2001 interview with the Tremens described Wold as a "Pacific Northwest music icon... who has put his recording stamp on some of the most influential bands to come out of Puget Sound."
In 2001, Wold closed Moon Music, after being involved in up to 50 albums made there. He said at the time: "I'm finished with America. I'm 50 years old now, and I've been watching greed play the main stage since I was a teenager. I just can't stand it anymore." With his wife and their sons, he moved to Notodden in Norway, home of the Notodden Blues Festival, and set up a studio, Juke Joint, with vintage equipment that he had acquired over the years. After Wold became ill on a boat trip between Norway and Denmark, he adopted the name "Seasick Steve" as a parallel to that of blues musician Homesick James, and started to form a band, Seasick Steve and the Level Devils.
Wold released his first album, entitled "Cheap", recorded in 2004 with the Level Devils as his rhythm section, with Jo Husmo on stand-up bass and Kai Christoffersen on drums. His debut solo album, "Dog House Music" was released by Bronzerat Records on 26 November 2006, after he was championed by an old friend, Joe Cushley, DJ on the "Balling The Jack" blues show on London radio station Resonance FM.
Breakthrough and subsequent career.
Wold made his first UK television appearance on Jools Holland's annual "Hootenanny" BBC TV show on New Year's Eve 2006. He performed a live rendition of "Dog House Boogie" on the "Three String Trance Wonder" and the "Mississippi Drum Machine". After that show, his popularity exploded in Britain, and he commented "I can't believe it, all of the sudden I'm like the cat's meow!"
He was well received in the UK, winning the 2007 MOJO Award for Best Breakthrough Act and going on to appear at major UK festivals such as Reading, Leeds and Glastonbury. In 2007, he played more UK festivals than any other artist. At that time, it was claimed in press coverage that he was 66 years old, though he was later demonstrated to be ten years younger.
Wold toured early in 2008, playing in various venues and festivals in the UK. He was joined on stage by drummer Dan Magnusson. KT Tunstall also dueted with Wold at the London Astoria in January 2008. Wold also played many other festivals throughout the world in 2008, including Fuji Rock in Japan, East Coast Blues &amp; Roots Music Festival in Australia, also in April 2008, and Roskilde in Denmark.
Wold's major-label debut, "I Started Out with Nothin and I Still Got Most of It Left" was recorded with Dan Magnusson on drums, was released by Warner Music on 29 September 2008, and features Ruby Turner and Nick Cave's Grinderman.
He has toured the UK extensively since 2007 being supported by performers including Duke Garwood, Gemma Ray, Billie the Vision and the Dancers, Amy LaVere, Melody Nelson, and Joe Gideon &amp; The Shark. His tours in October 2008 and January 2009 were all sold out and included performances at the Royal Albert Hall, the Edinburgh Queen's Hall, the Grand Opera House in Belfast, the Apollo in Manchester, the City Hall in Newcastle, and the London Hammersmith Apollo.
In 2009, Wold was nominated for a Brit Award in the category of International Solo Male Artist, That same year, BBC Four broadcast a documentary of Wold visiting the southern USA entitled "Seasick Steve: Bringing It All Back Home". On 21 January, Wold hosted "Folk America: Hollerers, Stompers and Old Time Ramblers" at the Barbican in London, a show that was also televised and shown with the documentary on BBC Four as part of a series tracing American roots music.
In an interview with an Australian magazine, Wold attributed much of his unlikely success to his cheap and weather-beaten guitar, "The Trance Wonder" and reveals the guitar's mojo might come from supernatural sources.
I got it from Sherman, who is a friend of mine down in Mississippi, who had bought it down at a Goodwill store. When we were down there last time he says to me, 'I didn't tell you when you bought it off me, but that guitar used to be haunted'. I say, 'What are you talking about, Sherman?'. He says, 'There's 50 solid citizens here in Como who'll tell you this guitar is haunted. It's the darnedest thing – we'd leave it over in the potato barn and we'd come back in and it would be moved. You'd put it down somewhere and the next morning you'd come back and it would have moved. When you took that guitar the ghost in the barn left'. He told me this not very long ago and I said to him, 'Sherman! Why didn't you tell me this before?' and he said, 'Well the ghost was gone – I didn't want it around here no more!'
On 3 January 2010, Wold appeared on the popular BBC motoring show "Top Gear" as the Star In A Reasonably Priced Car. A friend of Steve's had given him a guitar made with hubcaps off a Morris Minor (he owned one at the time), and he played it on air.
In February 2010, Wold was nominated for a Brit Award in the category of International Solo Male Artist for the second consecutive year.
In 2010, Wold made numerous festival appearances throughout the summer, including the Pyramid Stage at the Glastonbury Festival, the main stage at V Festival, the main stage at the Hop Farm Festival and many more.
In February 2011, Wold signed to Play It Again Sam to release his new album with the exception of the US, where it will be released on Third Man Records. Subsequently, his new album "You Can't Teach an Old Dog New Tricks" was released on his new labels and it was announced that former Led Zeppelin bassist John Paul Jones had played on the new album, and performed alongside Wold to promote it. This caused some to believe that he will tour with Wold as a part of his backing band, joining his then-current drummer Dan. John Paul Jones did indeed appear onstage to play with Wold at the Isle of Wight 2011 festival and on the main stage of Rock Werchter 2011, and at the Bonnaroo festival in Manchester Tennessee in 2014.
On 16 August 2014, he was the headline act at "Beautiful Days" in Honiton, Devon, and, on the 24 August, he headlined at 'Victorious Festival' in Southsea, Portsmouth, England.
Seasick Steve released his eighth album on 7 October 2016, called "Keepin' the Horse Between Me and the Ground".
This was followed by "Can u Cook?" in 2018.
Musical equipment.
Wold owns and plays several obscure and personalized instruments.
Guitars.
The Three-String Trance Wonder.
This is a normal guitar that resembles a GHI Guitar made in Japan in the 1960s. It has a 1950s Harmony pickup added with duct tape, and is tuned to G, G, and B (middle G is one octave higher than the bottom). He was given the guitar by a friend who had it nailed to his wall as a decoration, but at his gigs, he often tells the story that he bought it for US$75 in this condition from a man who later told him he only paid US$25 for it the day before, and claims to have vowed never to add another string, and that he would tour the world telling his story of how the seller ripped him off. A lot of the time he also adds, while picking up or putting away the guitar, that it is the "biggest piece of shit in the world, I swear." In a BBC interview, Wold claimed that the guitar was found by a friend, just with the three strings on it, and he decided to keep it that way.
Hubcap guitars.
When on the TV show "Top Gear", presenter Jeremy Clarkson commented that Wold's car history of over 100 cars included a Morris Minor. Wold then presented a four-string guitar that his friend Davey Chivers had made out of two old hubcaps from a 1970 Minor 1000 named Cynthia joined back-to-back and his wife's broomstick. Wold then played it a little in the episode. Clarkson replied that it was the best use of a Morris Minor he had ever seen.
A similar guitar was made out of Hudson Terraplane hubcaps, one of them given to him by Jack White, referring to "Terraplane Blues" by Robert Johnson.
Other.
The Mississippi Drum Machine.
A small wooden box that is stomped upon, providing percussion. It is decorated with a Mississippi motorcycle registration plate ("MC33583"), and a small piece of carpet.
Roland CUBE.
A Roland CUBE 30 W amplifier placed on a chair to his left and set to the 'tweed' setting.
Fender Bassman.
A Fender Bassman amplifier, used at the Pinkpop Festival 2012.
Nickname.
When asked about his nickname, Wold has said: "because it's just true: I always get seasick". When he was ill on a ferry from Norway to Copenhagen, later in his life, a friend began playfully using the name and, despite Wold not rising to it for a while, it stuck. When asked about his name on British Sunday morning television show "Something for the Weekend", he replied, "I just get sick on boats".
Personal life.
Wold has five adult sons, and has married twice, marrying his second wife in the early 1980s. Wold has said that he has problems putting down roots in one place, and he and his wife have lived in 59 houses to date, including Norway and the United Kingdom.
Wold's son Didrik is an illustrator, and has designed his father's album artwork, merchandise, print ads, and websites. His youngest son, Paul Martin Wold, played drums on "Dog House Music" and first made a guest appearance with him on percussion at the Astoria in January 2008. He has since performed with Wold frequently, playing washboard, shakers, tambourine, floor tom and occasionally guitar. He also works as Steve's guitar tech. Paul Martin Wold, aka "Wishful Thinking", released his debut album "A Waste of Time Well Spent" on 2 November 2009, and showcased a selection from the album whilst touring the UK with his father.

</doc>
<doc id="6962973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962973" title="WXRH">
WXRH

WXRH (580 AM) is a radio station licensed to Rockwood, Tennessee, United States. The station is currently owned by 3B Properties, through licensee 3B Tennessee, Inc.
On February 3, 2020, WXRH changed its format to classic country, branded as "93.3 The Ranch".

</doc>
<doc id="6962977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962977" title="Clarenceville">
Clarenceville

Clarenceville may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="6962980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962980" title="Space Surveillance Program">
Space Surveillance Program



</doc>
<doc id="6962983" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962983" title="Bay St. Lawrence">
Bay St. Lawrence



</doc>
<doc id="6962988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962988" title="Ibrahim Sultan Ali">
Ibrahim Sultan Ali

Ibrahim Sultan Ali (March 1909 – 11 September 1987) was born in Keren. He played a part in the emancipation of Tigre in Sahel and Barka and in establishing Blocco Independenza. He was also the Secretary General of the Eritrean Democratic Front (EDF).
Early life and education.
Ibrahim attended Quran School under Khalifa Jaafer of the Halanga of Kassala. In Keren, he attended technical training at Salvaggio Raggi and at Umberto School in Asmara.
Career.
Ibrahim worked as the chief in a train station, served as a civil servant in Keren, Agordat, Tessenei, Adi Ugri and even Wiqro near Mekele for six months. He was proficient in speaking and translating Italian, Arabic, Tigre, and Tigrinya.
From 1926 to 1941, he was the head of the Islamic Affairs section in the political affairs office under Italian rule. Under the British, he served as head of Civil/Native Affairs Office until April 1943. He resigned and established a modern cheese plant in Tessenei which he ran until the end of 1945. The Eritrean Chamber of Commerce was established that year and he became one of its senior staff members until the end of September 1946. He represented Eritrea in front of the U.N. and was one of the leading, and strongest members of the ELF.
Political life.
In May 1941, he was a founding member of the Patriotic Association till he helped found the Muslim League of Eritrea on December 3, 1946. The League took Keren as its headquarters till parties were shut down by Ethiopian interference in the late 1950s. Ali, who was a key figure in the establishment of Blocco Indipendenza (Independence Bloc) on July 26, 1949, was elected the secretary general of the organization. In January 1951, he partook in the establishment of the Eritrean Democratic Front (EDF) and became its secretary general. He was a member of the first Eritrean Parliament when he won election on May 15, 1952, representing the Rugbat tribe of which he was the traditional chief from 1948 to 1950.
On September 20, 1949, the United Nation discussing the future of Eritrea invited independent block Eritrean leaders, Ali made the strongest representation for Eritrean Independence. At UN, Ibrahim is quoted to have said: “"If a wrong decision is taken forcing us to struggle to safeguard our identity and obtain our independence, then the members of this Committee will shoulder the responsibility for the hostilities that arise in East Africa”."
Woldeab Woldemariam said: ""90% of the credit of preserving Eritrea in one piece goes to Ibrahim Sultan Ali." He added: “Ibrahim Sultan is a heroic patriot who deserves the praise, the gratitude of the entire Eritrean people”."
Emancipation movement.
Ibrahim was a prominent figure in the emancipation of Tigre/serfs in the 1940s. The movement was usually known as the Emancipation Movement of Serfs (Harakat Tahrir al Aqnan).
By 1946, the demands of the serfs for complete emancipation from the shumagulle were compounded by another political dilemma originating among another predominantly Muslim tribal group, the Beni-Amer. Although former Beni-Amer serfs had conducted raids against their landowners, the formerly Italian-supported Nabtab, serf revolts had begun to spread from the western Eritrean region of Gash-sedit to as far south to the borders of Ethiopia and north to the Sahel and Massawa provinces.
As civil unrest spread during 1946, the British Military Administration (BMA) began contemplating ways to bring about an effective compromise of the situation between the serfs and the embattled landowning aristocrats. In late 1946, a group of ambitious Muslim merchants and former serfs from the towns of Keren and Agorat allied under the leadership of a former interpreter for the Italian government named Ibrahim Sultan. Despite the fact that the process of serf emancipation would not be completed until 1949, the conditions between the BMA and the serf representatives succeeded in creating a system of new chiefs, sub-chiefs, and tribal subdivisions that emerged to take the place of the former system controlled by the shamagulle.
Death.
Ibrahim died on September 11, 1987, in Cairo, after having been sick for many years. He was buried on September 15, 1987, in Kassala, Sudan.
External links.
1. Ibrahim Sultan&lt;br&gt;
2. Ibrahim Sultan

</doc>
<doc id="6962992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962992" title="Skippack Creek">
Skippack Creek

Skippack Creek is a tributary of Perkiomen Creek in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania in the United States. Skippack Creek joins Perkiomen Creek approximately upstream of that creek's confluence with the Schuylkill River.
A portion of the creek flows through Evansburg State Park and passes by the census-designated place of Skippack.
"Skippack" is a Native American name purported to mean "a pool of stagnant water".
It is stocked with brown and rainbow trout; other fish in the creek include smallmouth bass, catfish, sucker, carp, panfish, and freshwater eel.

</doc>
<doc id="6962993" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962993" title="Ibrahim Sultan">
Ibrahim Sultan

Ibrahim Sultan can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6962994" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962994" title="Mobilgirgi Varese">
Mobilgirgi Varese



</doc>
<doc id="6962997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6962997" title="Vaduz Castle">
Vaduz Castle

Vaduz Castle (German: "Schloss Vaduz") is the palace and official residence of the Prince of Liechtenstein. The castle gave its name to the town of Vaduz, the capital of Liechtenstein, which it overlooks from an adjacent hilltop.
History.
The former owners, who were presumably also the builders, were the counts of Werdenberg-Sargans. The bergfried (the keep, built in the 12th century) and parts of the eastern side are the oldest. The tower stands on a piece of ground that is in area. At the ground floor, the tower walls have a thickness of up to . The original entrance lay at the courtyard side at a height of . The chapel of St. Anna was presumably built in the Middle Ages as well. The main altar is late-gothic. In the Swabian War of 1499, the castle was burned by the Swiss Confederacy. The western side was expanded by Count (1613–1640).
The princely family of Liechtenstein acquired Vaduz Castle in 1712, when it purchased the countship of Vaduz. At this time, Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor, combined the countship with the Lordship of Schellenberg, purchased by the Liechtensteins in 1699, to form the present Principality of Liechtenstein.
Today.
The castle underwent a major restoration between 1904 and 1920, then again in the early 1920s during the reign of Prince Johann II, and was expanded during the early 1930s by Prince Franz Joseph II. Since 1938, the castle has been the primary residence of Liechtenstein's Princely Family. The castle is not open to the public as the princely family still lives in the castle.

</doc>
<doc id="6963000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963000" title="Derham Hall High School">
Derham Hall High School



</doc>
<doc id="6963002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963002" title="Siyatha FM">
Siyatha FM

Siyatha FMis a radio channel based in Colombo, Sri Lanka. It is owned by Voice of Asia (Private) Ltd., which also runs its sister television channel Siyatha TV. Siyatha FM is available on 98.2 MHz, 98.4 MHz Islandwide in Sri Lanka.
Siyatha FM was also the Exclusive Broadcaster for the ICC T20 Cricket World Cup 2014

</doc>
<doc id="6963007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963007" title="Ottawa, Arnprior and Parry Sound Railway">
Ottawa, Arnprior and Parry Sound Railway

The Ottawa, Arnprior and Parry Sound Railway, or OA&amp;PS, is a historic railway that operated in central and eastern Ontario, Canada, from 1897 to 1959. It was for a time the busiest railway route in Canada, carrying both timber and wood products from today's Algonquin Provincial Park areas, as well as up to 40% of the grain traffic from the Canadian west from Depot Harbour at Parry Sound through to the St. Lawrence River valley.
The railway was built by John Rudolphus Booth, a 19th-century Canadian lumber baron and entrepreneur who owned considerable timber rights in the Algonquin area as well as a major sawmill in downtown Ottawa. To open markets for the mill's products, he purchased Donald Macdonald's lines and formed the Canada Atlantic Railway (CAR) from Ottawa to Vermont. To supply the mills, the OA&amp;PS shipped timber in from across central Ontario. Together, the OA&amp;PS and CAR allowed through shipment from the Canadian west to the US eastern seaboard areas. The lines were amalgamated under the CAR marque in 1899, and sold to the Grand Trunk Railway in 1905.
Use of the OA&amp;PS fell dramatically with the rapid stripping of most of the useful timber from the Algonquin area. Traffic was further reduced with the 1932 opening of the widened Welland Canal, which allowed lakers to bypass trans-shipping points on Georgian Bay, along with the dramatic decrease in grain prices and trade during the Great Depression. The trestle bridge between Cache Lake and Lake of Two Rivers closed in 1933 due to safety concerns and was not re-built. Both ends of the now-separated line continued in use for some time; the western section between Parry Sound and Cache Lake ended services in 1952, while the eastern section saw use in some locations until 1959.
Its route through Algonquin Provincial Park saw it play an important role in the park's development of the tourist industry, with a large station and the Highland Inn on Cache Lake being a focal point of the park though the 1910s and 20s. Sections through the Park now form an expanding group of rail trails used mostly for cycling. Outside the park the line forms various rail trails including the Park-to-Park Trail, Seguin Trail, and others.
History.
Logging empire.
John Egan opened logging in central Ontario in the 1840s with a string of saw and grist mills along the Ottawa River. The drainage area for the river allowed timber rafts to be floated to the mills from an enormous area, and Egan purchased lands throughout central Ontario to feed timber to the mills. In 1854 a crash in red pine prices forced the entire empire into bankruptcy, and Egan turned his attention to politics.
In 1867 John Rudolphus Booth purchased a 250 square mile tract of Egan's lands on the western side of today's Algonquin Park. Booth continued to add to his collection of holdings and by the 1890s held title to over 7,000 square miles of lands. Mill work was centralized at Booth's operations at Chaudiere Falls in downtown Ottawa, which evolved in the largest sawmill operation in the world. Logging was initially carried out in areas with easy access to waterways leading to the Ottawa River, but over time these started to be used up.
Into railways.
In 1884 Booth entered the railway world with the formation of the Nosbonsing and Nipissing Railway, a 5½ mile portage railway that allowed lumber collected into Lake Nipissing to be carried to Lake Nosbonsing, which connected to the Ottawa. The railway was originally private, but received a charter in 1886 after a dispute with the Northern and Pacific Junction Railway over crossing rights.
Booth then began a massive railway expansion program, both to supply the mills from areas not on the River, as well as to send the products from the Ottawa mill to markets not easily served via the St. Lawrence. This program started with Booth's purchase of Macdonald's Montreal and City of Ottawa Junction Railway (M&amp;O) from Ottawa to Coteau Junction, where it met the Grand Trunk Railway lines just west of Montreal, as well as the Coteau and Province Line Railway and Bridge Company which linked the M&amp;O to the Central Vermont Railway just across the St. Lawrence. Construction began in 1881 and finally crossed the St. Lawrence in 1890.
In 1888 Booth chartered the Ottawa, Arnprior and Renfrew Railway to build a line from Ottawa to Renfrew, as well as the Ottawa and Parry Sound Railway which ran from Parry Sound to Renfrew. The two lines were amalgamated into the Ottawa, Arnprior and Parry Sound in 1891. Together with the Ottawa to Vermont lines, the OA&amp;PS would open up vast areas around the Great Lakes for rapid shipment to the US eastern seaboard, as well as providing a route for his own timber to reach Ottawa from areas not well served via the Ottawa River.
Competition.
At the time the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) ran primarily westward from Fort William on Lake Superior, providing lake port access to the Canadian west. Grain shipments on the lakes were a major source of income, but the ships could only reach as far as Lake Erie, as the canal between Lake Erie and Ontario was, at that time, quite small. Moreover, the St. Lawrence passed through the Lachine Rapids at Montreal, which meant that loading back onto ships had to take place in Montreal or further east. This led to burgeoning business at ports on Georgian Bay for trans-shipment by rail to the east, but all of the lines in the area ran south, through Toronto, which was already heavily congested.
Although the CPR was in the process of building new lines that would eventually connect Fort William to the Ottawa area, these ran north of the lakes and did not offer convenient port facilities. Another route further to the south, connecting at Georgian Bay, would greatly reduce the railway section of shipments off the lakes. The obvious location for such a port would be Parry Sound, the deepest freshwater port in the world. The CPR started planning such a service under the charter of the Atlantic &amp; North-West, and it was reported in 1892 that they wanted to beat Booth's line into operation. In that year, CPR expressed an interest in purchasing and completing the PSCR as the last leg of its A&amp;NW route from Ottawa. Booth swept in and purchased the line out from under them. This action led to a series of tit-for-tat events between the two railways. The CPR was soon making public statements about their plans to build a parallel route to Booth's, and beat his line into service. When Booth's line reached Renfrew, a fight reportedly broke out between rival construction crews.
Booth ultimately won the contest due to a wrangle over a narrow passage at Haggarty Pass near Killaloe. A lawsuit between the OA&amp;PS and CPR followed, which the CPR lost. Rails had already been run on the 19 mile section from Renfrew to Eganville, but the rest of the 186 mile route was abandoned. This led to an intense rivalry between Booth and the CPR that would last for decades, a business battle that the CPR would ultimately lose. Booth's OA&amp;PS would go on to be the busiest line in Canada, at one point handling as much as 40% of the Canadian grain trade.
Selecting the route.
A survey party of 24 men led by George Mountain left Ottawa on 20 November 1891 to survey the line through Nipissing District, returning on 8 March 1892. They surveyed 120 miles of road after a journey of over 500 miles through rough country on foot, carrying their supplies on sleds.
The Parry Sound Colonization Railway (PSCR) was chartered in 1885 to build a short-line railway from Parry Sound, Ontario to the newly formed Northern and Pacific Junction Railway that passed the town to the east. In 1891 about 20 miles of line had been laid from Scotia Junction to Bear Lake, a little less than half the route to Parry Sound, when the company ran out of funds for further construction. Booth purchased the line on 30 September 1892, apparently after hearing that the CPR was interested in it for their line.
With the eastern and western ends now fixed, a further survey between Long Lake and Emsdale, started in November 1893. On 28 March 1893, the CPR filed plans calling for a level crossing of the OA&amp;PS near Golden Lake, but had not yet started construction. This line would have provided service to Eganville alongside the OA&amp;PS, and the locals were highly skeptical after having been promised CPR service in 1875.
Building the line.
Construction of the eastern sections began northward out of Ottawa in September 1892, reaching Arnprior in May 1893, and opened on 13 September 1893. When the OA&amp;PS line started north out of town it had to cross the CPR's Brockville and Ottawa Railway (B&amp;O) line, and on 20 September 1893 it was reported that crews from the two lines had come to blows, although later reports downplay the action.
In order to complete the junction, CPR demanded that the OA&amp;PS lay 1,700 feet of rail on the far side of the crossing, so their trains could be run clear of the CPR line. To aid this, the OA&amp;PS men laid their lines right up to the B&amp;O so they could hand-carry the rails the short distance to the far side of the road. As the crossing was not operational, they were not legally allowed to be operating rails on CP land, so the CPR men were ordered to tear it up, forcing the OA&amp;PS crew to carry the rails from further away. The OA&amp;PS re-laid their line again, with reports that this caused a fight.
The CPR's Atlantic &amp; North-West beat the OA&amp;PS to Eganville, which ran a charter to the town on 30 December 1892 and opened regular service the next month. The OA&amp;PS had considered running to Eganville, but the presence of the A&amp;NW made such a detour redundant and the town had decided against paying both railways a bonus, giving their bonus to the "winner" alone. The line reached its closest approach to Eganville, about one mile to the southwest, at the end of 1893.
By this point the two railways had been in a court battle over the meaning of the agreement about land use rights in a small strip of land near Killaloe, which would have required the CPR to run for a distance over lands deeded to the OA&amp;PS. Booth refused this, and the courts eventually agreed with him. The A&amp;NW was now locked out of the direct approach through the Algonquin area and would be forced along a more northerly route, closer to their Brockville &amp; Ottawa mainline. CPR gave up, and the A&amp;NW line ended in Eganville.
West of Eganville the OA&amp;PS began a steady climb through a series of rolling hills as it progressed through the Algonquin Highlands. Many trestles and bridges were required, which substantially increased the time and cost of construction. By the end of 1896 the railway was complete when it joined up with the track laid by the PSCR at the town of Scotia. The first train from Ottawa through to Depot Harbor ran with officials on 21 December 1896 The first paid trip from Parry Sound to Ottawa was William Taylor, his wife and his daughter.
Depot Harbour.
Booth and the town could not come to an agreement on the price of the harbour lands, and much to the town's anger, Booth decided to move the end of the line out of town. Taking advantage of a law that allowed Indian lands to be expropriated for railway use, he set the end of the line to the southwest of town and started building the new town of Depot Harbour in 1897. In 1898, Booth created a steamship company called the Canada Atlantic Transport Company. This allowed him to transport cargo by boat and rail from Thunder Bay to Ottawa faster than any other route then in existence.
The divisional point for the railway was built in Madawaska, about halfway between Parry Sound and Ottawa. This included a roundhouse and switching yard for the railway. Some local communities were upset at the choice of this site as it was fairly remote from current settlements. It was however within the timber limits of Booth's holdings. A logging-only branch was established west of Madawaska, at Egan Estate. This branch was operated separately as a logging railway, under the charter of the Nosbonsing and Nipissing Railway. Several entirely private spur lines were also built throughout the line.
In 1899, the railway was taken over by its parent company, the CAR, and the OA&amp;PS naming officially disappeared. The CAR was now a single continuous line from Parry Sound to Vermont.
GTR era.
In 1905 the entire CAR was sold to Grand Trunk Railway (GTR) for 14 million Canadian dollars. The railway continued to operate and by 1910 there was sufficient commerce to support one train every 20 minutes.
While the main use for the OA&amp;PS was freight and timber transport, its existence through the wilderness of Algonquin Park gave easy access to the area. In 1908 the railway opened a lodge called Highland Inn. The venture was very successful and several lodges and youth camps were eventually built along the railway's route through the park.
In 1923, the bankrupt GTR was nationalized by the Government of Canada and merged into the Canadian National Railways (CNR).
In 1933, an unexpected flood undermined a trestle between Cache Lake and Lake of Two Rivers. The CNR was unable to afford repair costs and the federal government refused to provide a subsidy, thus ending through traffic for the railway. Service continued on either side of the split, but from this point traffic declined and by the end of the 1940s only a few passenger trains were running to the lodges in Algonquin Park.
CNR ended service on the western section in 1952, while service on the eastern section continued until 1959, bringing to a close rail service for much of central-eastern Ontario.
Legacy.
Only a short portion of the OA&amp;PS remains in use, between Arnprior and a diamond junction with the CN mainlines just east of Ottawa. The route used to carry the lines into downtown Ottawa, but all rail lines in the area were removed in the 1960s as part of an urban beautification project, and moved south to the new Ottawa Train Station. The majority of the line's original Ottawa-area route is now part of Ontario Highway 417, also known as The Queensway, although a short section forms part of the Watts Creek Pathway on the western end of town.
For the majority of the eastern sections the trackage has been removed and its presence can only be seen due to a few scattered ruins that dot the landscape. Part has been incorporated into the Upper Madawaska River Provincial Park as a rail trail, which runs between Whitney and Madawaska. This services hikers, all-terrain vehicles, bicycles, and horseback riding in summer, and snowmobiles and dog-sled teams in winter. Parts of the rail bed in Algonquin Provincial park have been utilized as hiking and biking trail and vehicular access to leased properties near the parkway corridor. This section is being constantly expanded and re-connected.
The eastern end of the line is more heavily used for rail trail and other purposes. The section from Depot Harbour, including the swing-bridge to the mainland, is now used as the basis for Old Rail Line Road. Leading out of town is the Park-to-Park Trail, which leads from Killbear Provincial Park to Algonquin; the portion of the Park-to-Park Trail between Highway 400 south of Parry Sound and Highway 11 at Emsdale is also known as the Seguin Trail, with its western terminus also serving as the location of a major highway rest area and tourist information centre on Highway 400.
Route.
From its eastern end at Chaudière Falls in downtown Ottawa, the OA&amp;PS ran south-west for a short section, following a large bend in the Ottawa River. It bent more westward south of Britannia Bay. The majority of this section of the line now lies under Highway 417, westward to the intersection with Ontario Highway 416. To the west of the highway junction, the line ran slightly north of the 417, and becomes visible again about one kilometre west of the junction, on the western side of the intersection with Moodie Drive. From here it becomes the Watts Creek Pathway for a short run to the diamond junction with CN's lines, where the line becomes active again.
The active section continues running west-southwest through the northern sections of Kanata, and then turns northwest at Huntmar Drive, where a major road bridge over the lines was built. The line continues northwest for the run to Arnprior, taking a brief turn to the east at Kinburn just before entering town. The line was routed around the western side of downtown Arnprior, and crossed the Brockville and Ottawa Railway on the town's northern edge. The line continues along the same basic northwest alignment to Renfrew, where it crossed the Kingston and Pembroke Railway just west of town at what was known as Renfrew Junction.
To this point the railway ran in the floodplains of the Ottawa or Bonnechere River, where the land is quite flat and the line is fairly straight. The line left the Bonnechere plain between Douglas and Eganville, where the terrain becomes more rugged. The line begins to meander, characteristic of any railway crossing the Canadian Shield. On the eastern end of Golden Lake, south of the town of the same name, the line turns due west. It also wyed off the Pembroke Southern Railway which ran northeast to Pembroke (closed in 1961). The OA&amp;PS passed through the towns of Killaloe, Wilno and Barry's Bay, where it turned northwest again to avoid several large lakes in the Barry's Bay area. The line turned southwest again to reach Madawaska, the line's divisional point. Just west of town, the Egan Estates Railway branched off to run north into the bush.
West of Madawaska the line generally follows the meandering southern shore of the Madawaska River, crossing on a bridge to the northern bank just north of Whitney, where the river widens considerably. This was the start of another logging railway, the Whitney and Opeongo Railway, which ran northwest to Lake Opeongo to carry logs to the St. Anthony Lumber Company in Whitney. From Whitney, the line turned west again through Airy, following the lakes and rivers through Algonquin Park. After reaching the Highland Inn it started northwest again, leaving the park and reaching Kearney, and running the short remaining distance to the multi-part junction with the Northern and Pacific Junction Railway at Scotia.
From Scotia the line followed the PSCR route generally west-southwest to Foley. Here a wye junction carried lines into town, while the other branch continued westward to the end of the line at Depot Harbour, crossing to Parry Island on a large swing bridge. The section into town is now used as part of CN's Northern Ontario James Bay Railway, although several large spurs in town have been abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="6963013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963013" title="Sefâretnâme">
Sefâretnâme

Sefāret-nāme (سفارت نامه), literally "the book of embassy", was a genre in the Turkish literature which was closely related to seyahatname ("the book of travels"), but was specific to the recounting of journeys and experiences of an Ottoman ambassador in a foreign, usually European, land and capital. Sefâretnâme were edited by their authors with a view to their presentation to the Sultan, and to his high administration, thus also bearing a semi-official character, their objective being to make them "feel" the foreign country in question, as much as informing on it. For this reason, and for the literary qualities that were sought in order to attain their objective, they remain of lasting interest for the general reader.
The first example of the genre is admitted to be the Kara Mehmed Çelebi sefâretnâme, relating his embassy in Vienna in 1665. Outstanding examples of the genre, mostly dating from the 18th century, are of particular value both in lasting literary terms and for the insights they provide for the Ottoman intelligentsia's perception of Western Europe at a time when that part of the world had visibly started to overtake other geographies of the world, including the Ottoman Empire, in terms of science, culture and development. Ottoman attempts to understand the reasons for the growing gap can explain the more and more frequent dispatch of ambassadors through the 18th century, who were later to have a permanent presence in European capitals, as well as the multiplication of sefâretnâme.
The sense of curiosity their authors convey in regard to the Western culture they were examining was fully reciprocated by the curiosity they aroused among their Parisian and Berliner interlocutors, most of whom were getting in contact with Turks for the first time. The vivid accounts of the contacts and the respective commentaries made thereof draw the reader's curiosity to this day.
Among notable sefâretname, those below can be cited;
There are up to forty examples of sefâretnâme, written by Ottoman ambassadors who held office in the 18th century and early-19th century in various posts including London, Paris, Berlin, Stockholm, Russia, Poland (""Lehistan" in Ottoman terminology"), Italy, Spain, Iran, India, Morocco and Bukhara. Those with a reduced literary outset, presented more in the form of a professional and topical memorandum, were termed as "takrir".

</doc>
<doc id="6963014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963014" title="List of Registered Historic Places in Dane County">
List of Registered Historic Places in Dane County



</doc>
<doc id="6963021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963021" title="Bennett S. LeBow College of Business">
Bennett S. LeBow College of Business

The LeBow College of Business (), often referred to simply as Drexel LeBow, is the business school of Drexel University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The school offers undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral programs in business administration to nearly 4,000 students and encompasses an alumni network of more than 40,000 business professionals.
History.
The LeBow College of Business traces its origins to the founding of the Drexel Institute in 1891 and the establishment of the Business Department in 1896. Business programs at Drexel underwent a series of transformations throughout the 20th century, which saw the department recast itself as the Drexel Secretarial School in 1914 and the Drexel School of Business Administration in 1922. By 1974, the College of Business and Administration had been formed to house all of Drexel University's business, finance, and economics programs.
In 1999, Drexel University alumnus Bennett S. LeBow donated $10 million to the College of Business and Administration. This donation represented the largest individual contribution to the university in its history, a fact that was recognized by the renaming of the College of Business and Administration in LeBow's honor. That year, the school officially became known as the Bennett S. LeBow College of Business.
A second donation by LeBow, totaling $45 million, became the university's new record-setting donation from an individual donor in 2010. The donation was used for the construction of Gerri C. LeBow Hall, a new, 12-story facility that replaced the aging Matheson Hall and became the central hub of Drexel University's business programs upon its dedication on October 3, 2013.
In May 2022, a $10 million pledge was gifted to the university from alumnus Ronald W. and Kathleen Disney. This was the second largest pledge to the business school by an individual and was provided with the aim of providing scholarship funds and program support for students from underrepresented backgrounds.
Gerri C. LeBow Hall.
Gerri C. LeBow Hall, home to the LeBow College of Business, was dedicated on October 3, 2013. The 12-story, 177,500-square-foot building was designed by Philadelphia's Voith &amp; Mactavish Architects, LLP, and New York's Robert A. M. Stern Architects, LLP. Its exterior features approximately 67,000 square-feet of limestone and glass.
Academics.
Academic centers and institutes.
LeBow has academic centers and institutes that are designed to bring students and industry experts together in an effort to further knowledge and best practices in key areas of business and industry.
Notable alumni.
Alumni of the Bennett S. LeBow College of Business include Raj Gupta, former President and CEO of Rohm and Haas, and Kenneth C. Dahlberg, former CEO of Science Applications International Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="6963028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963028" title="High Court Division, Supreme Court of Bangladesh">
High Court Division, Supreme Court of Bangladesh

The High Court Division, Supreme Court of Bangladesh (), popularly known as High Court, is one of the two divisions of the Supreme Court of Bangladesh, the other division being the Appellate Division. It consists of the Chief Justice of Bangladesh and other judges of the High Court Division.
The High Court Division exercises both original and appellate jurisdiction in civil and criminal matters. Its primary jurisdiction, however, is writ jurisdiction, pursuant to which it is empowered under article 102 of the Constitution of Bangladesh to issue writs of certiorari, mandamus, quo warranto, prohibition and habeas corpus.
History.
The High Court of Judicature for East Bengal (1947 - 1955).
The High Court of Judicature for East Bengal, commonly known as the Dacca High Court, was established in 1947 under the High Courts (Bengal) Order, 1947 as a separate High Court with all appellate, civil and original jurisdictions. It functioned as a part of the Federal Court of Pakistan.
The High Court of Judicature at Dacca in East Pakistan (1956 - 1971).
With the adoption of the 1956 constitution in Pakistan, the Dacca High Court became the High Court of East Pakistan"," and the Supreme Court of Pakistan was established as the apex Court with appellate jurisdiction to hear decisions of the High Courts established in both East and West Pakistan.
Until 1967, the High Court was held in the building that is now known as the Old High Court Building on Kazi Nazrul Islam Avenue, opposite the curzon hall, Dhaka. With the construction of a larger facility in the 1960s nearby that now houses the Supreme Court of Bangladesh and Attorney General's office, the High Court was moved from Old House on 10 July 1967.
Division of the Supreme Court (1971 - present).
In 1971, East Pakistan became the independent Republic of Bangladesh. On 17 January 1972, the High Court of Bangladesh Order, 1972 (the President Order No. 5 of 1972) was promulgated to regularize the judicial system. The Order declared that the High Court of Bangladesh would be a Court of Record and would possess original, appellate, special, revisional and review powers, along with all procedural other powers previously exercisable by the High Court of Judicature at Dacca in East Pakistan under any law in force before March 26, 1971. Subsequently, the High Court of Bangladesh Order, 1972 was amended by the High Court of Bangladesh (Amendment) Order 1972 (the President Order No. 91 of 1972) to establish the Appellate Division conferring upon it all the powers formerly vested in the Supreme Court of Pakistan. Following the enactment of the Constitution of Bangladesh, the Supreme Court of Bangladesh was established, comprising two divisions, namely the High Court Division and the Appellate Division.
Jurisdiction.
Original Jurisdiction.
The High Court Division can hear a case or suit as Court of first instance. The jurisdiction of the High Court is described in Article 101 of the Constitution of Bangladesh. The High Court Division will deal with original cases, appeals and other judicial functions. Also, under Article 102 of the Constitution of Bangladesh, writ petitions and company and army divisions have original jurisdiction in certain limited cases.
Appellate Jurisdiction.
Any law may confer appellate jurisdiction on the High Court Division on any matter. For example, the Code of Criminal Procedure and the Code of Civil Procedure have conferred on the High Court Division appellate jurisdiction.
Sitting Permanent Judges of the High Court Division.
As of May 2025, the list of permanent judges are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="6963036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963036" title="River Usk footbridge">
River Usk footbridge



</doc>
<doc id="6963038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963038" title="You FM (Sri Lanka)">
You FM (Sri Lanka)

You FM is a Sri Lankan radio channel which broadcasts in Colombo and Kandy. It was launched on 10 September 2006 as MAX Radio. It is available on 95.3 FM islandwide. It is a Sinhala medium radio and operated by MGMR Network (Pvt) Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="6963052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963052" title="Mémoires d'Hadrien">
Mémoires d'Hadrien



</doc>
<doc id="6963060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963060" title="Clethra alnifolia">
Clethra alnifolia

Clethra alnifolia, the coastal sweetpepperbush or summer sweet, is a species of flowering plant in the genus "Clethra" of the family Clethraceae, native to eastern North America from southern Nova Scotia and Maine south to northern Florida, and west to eastern Texas. It is a deciduous shrub which grows in wetlands, bogs and woodland streams. 
Description.
Growing to tall, it is a deciduous shrub. The leaves are obovate to oblong, 4–10 cm long and 2–4 cm broad, with a serrated margin; they are green turning yellow-golden during the autumn. The leaves are alternately arranged. The flowers are white or very pale pink, 5–10 mm in diameter, and have a sweet, somewhat cloying fragrance. The flowers, which are attractive to bumblebees, are produced in racemes up to 15 cm long and 2 cm broad in late summer, depending on the cultivar. The scent of "C. alnifolia" is described as sweet. The "pepper" part of the common name derives from the mature fruits, capsules which have a vague resemblance to peppercorns, however with no element of spiciness.
Habitat.
It grows in wet forests, pine flatwoods, wetlands, bogs and can be seen alongside woodland streams. It has moderate salt tolerance and can be found inland in coastal areas. It prefers a neutral to acidic soil. The Nova Scotian disjunct population is small and endangered, and "C. alnifolia" is listed as a threatened species under the Canadian Species at Risk Act.
Etymology.
The Latin specific epithet "alnifolia" means "with leaves like alder ("Alnus")". This gave rise to another common name, common white alder, though the two plants are not closely related.
Cultivation.
"C. alnifolia" is typically used as a shrub for natural gardens, or is placed alongside a stream or pond to delay erosion. It does not leaf out until very late in the season, limiting its landscaping use. Several cultivars have been selected for garden use, including 'September Beauty'. Both 'Ruby Spice', with strongly pink flowers, and the dwarf 'Hummingbird' have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit (confirmed 2017).

</doc>
<doc id="6963063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963063" title="Kaprije">
Kaprije

Kaprije is an island in the Croatian part of the Adriatic Sea, situated in the Šibenik archipelago. The island has area of and is composed of hills divided by transverse and longitudinal valleys where grass and sparse pine forests grow. Grapes and olives are cultivated there. The main industries are agriculture, fishing and tourism. Automobiles are not allowed on the island.
In 14th and 15th century the island belonged to noble families from Šibenik. During Ottoman conquests in 16th and 17th century, the island was inhabited by refugees from mainland. Around that time, a Saint Peter's church was built on the island.
Its population of 189 lives in the eponymous single settlement of Kaprije, which is part of the City of Šibenik.

</doc>
<doc id="6963067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963067" title="ˤAlī">
ˤAlī



</doc>
<doc id="6963069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963069" title="Zia">
Zia

Zia or ZIA (also spelled Ziya, Ḍiya, Dia or Diya) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6963070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963070" title="List of rivers of Galicia">
List of rivers of Galicia



</doc>
<doc id="6963071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963071" title="National parks of Austria">
National parks of Austria

Austria has six national parks, all of them internationally accepted according to the IUCN standard. The first national park, Hohe Tauern, was established in 1981. They include each of Austria's most important natural landscape types — alluvial forest, Alpine massif, Pannonian steppe and rocky valleys.
Development.
First plans for the protection of the Hohe Tauern mountain range were evolved by Austrian Alpine Club, which in 1915-18 acquired large mountainous areas. However, the national park project was abandoned in the late 1930s and not resumed until 1971, when the federal states of Salzburg, Tyrol and Carinthia signed the Heiligenblut Agreement, followed by similar initiatives in Lower and Upper Austria.
The establishment of each national park took several years; as conflicts of use and the question of funding had to be resolved. The parks are managed by contracts between one or more of the federal states and the Federal Government, with the financing shared equally between the Austrian government and the respective province. The national park administrations offer more than 300 green jobs. The park centres provide the public with educational services on ecology and environmental protection, information and leisure activities. With about 400,000 visitors a year, they play an important role in Austrian tourism.
National Parks.
Of the six national parks, three are protecting Austrian Alpine regions and three are covering waters. The largest park by far is Hohe Tauern; at , it is also the largest national park in Central Europe. The Neusiedler See–Seewinkel and Thayatal national parks stretch across the border with Hungary and the Czech Republic respectively.
All of Austria's national parks meet IUCN Category II standards. The Nock Mountains (formerly also one of Austria's National Parks) had been classified as a Protected Landscape (Category V), and in 2012 it was converted into the core zone of a UNESCO Biosphere Reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="6963074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963074" title="Q (AAA song)">
Q (AAA song)



</doc>
<doc id="6963076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963076" title="Zebunissa">
Zebunissa



</doc>
<doc id="6963077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963077" title="Late Hojo clan">
Late Hojo clan



</doc>
<doc id="6963081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963081" title="Patrol officer">
Patrol officer



</doc>
<doc id="6963083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963083" title="N343i">
N343i



</doc>
<doc id="6963091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963091" title="Patrolmen">
Patrolmen



</doc>
<doc id="6963093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963093" title="Uddiyana">
Uddiyana



</doc>
<doc id="6963094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963094" title="Wilson Kirwa">
Wilson Kirwa

Wilson Kipchumba Kirwa (born 28 December 1974 in Eldoret, Kenya) is a Finnish middle-distance runner, municipal politician, writer, and entrepreneur.
As a runner, Wilson represents Lahden Ahkera. He is also a National Coalition Party politician and was elected to Lahti city council in 2008 elections. Kirwa belongs to the Kalenjin tribe.
The Kenyan-born Wilson Kirwa moved to Finland in 1997, and in the same year, he started his career as a runner, with his main distance being 800 metres. He originally intended to only tour the country for a few weeks, invited by his Finnish friends. He was 17th in the "Hunajahölkkä" in Pori, even though he was wearing sneakers that were too large. Porin Tarmo requested a year's residence permit for Kirwa. He was also admitted into the Seinäjoki applied crafts school, which encouraged him to stay in Finland.
In 2000, Kirwa made his own record 1:44.69 in the 800 metres in Lappeenranta. Kirwa is the only man to have won the 400, 800, and 1500 metre runs in the same Championship of Finland games. He also has several Championships of Finland in the relay run. Wilson Kirwa has represented Finland in the European Championship and World Championship games and in many Grand Prix games in Europe.
In 2004, Kirwa received Finnish citizenship. In May 2006, Kirwa graduated as a coach from the Pajulahti Sports Academy. He spent the year living in Lahti, training, giving lectures, and writing. He published a fairy tale book called "Amani-aasi ja sisäinen kauneus" ('Amani the donkey and the inner beauty'), in which he modified the stories he heard in his childhood to suit Finnish people. He has made many visits to schools telling African stories to their child pupils. For the older ones, he tells of arriving and adapting to Finland.
Kirwa joined the National Coalition Party. In 2008 municipal elections, he was elected to the city council of Lahti.

</doc>
<doc id="6963099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963099" title="Doris Kenyon">
Doris Kenyon

Doris Margaret Kenyon (September 5, 1897 – September 1, 1979) was an American actress of film and television.
Early life.
She grew up in Syracuse, New York, where her family had a home at 1805 Harrison Street. Her father, Dr. James B. Kenyon, was a Methodist Episcopal Church minister at University Church. Kenyon studied at Packer College Institute and later at Columbia University. She sang in the choirs of Grace Presbyterian and Bushwick Methodist Churches in Brooklyn, New York. Her brother was a dentist and New York assemblyman Raymond T. Kenyon.
Her voice attracted the attention of Broadway theatrical scouts who enticed her to become a performer on the stage. In 1915 she first appeared as a chorus girl in the Victor Herbert operetta "The Princess Pat".
Film career.
In 1915, she made her first film, "The Rack", with World Film Company of Fort Lee, New Jersey. One of the most remembered films of her early career is "Monsieur Beaucaire" (1924). In this production, she starred opposite Rudolph Valentino. She and her husband, Milton Sills, starred in "The Unguarded Hour" for First National Pictures (1925). Laura Wood, a star swimmer and wife of Gaylord Wood, First National Pictures cinematographer, doubled for her swimming scenes because she couldn't swim.
Kenyon's first sound film was "The Home Towners" (1928). She also starred in Paramount Pictures' first talking film, "Interference" (1928).
Kenyon was cast opposite actor George Arliss in two films: "Alexander Hamilton" (1931) and "Voltaire" (1933). She participated in "Counsellor at Law" (1933) with John Barrymore. In the autumn of 1935, Doris appeared with Ramon Novarro in the play "A Royal Miscarriage" in London.
Kenyon's film career ended with a cameo in "The Man in the Iron Mask" (1939).
Music.
Kenyon's performances as a singer grew out of an evening in New York when a manager of concert artists heard her sing at home for some friends. Afterward, he worked with her to arrange a tour. Singing eventually became an outlet for expressing her feelings after her first husband's death. A soprano, she performed in Detroit as part of the Town Hall Series and in Phoenix as part of the All-Star Artists Series, among others.
Kenyon's concerts featured more than vocal performances. Her "Lyrical Silhouettes" tour in 1933 included "characterizations presented in a half-dozen or more foreign languages and dialects." A variety of costumes supplemented the music in the program's segments.
Radio.
Kenyon played Ann Cooper in the soap opera "Crossroads" on NBC in the 1940s.
Television.
Kenyon continued her acting career in television in the 1950s. She was cast in episodes of "The Secret Storm" (1954), "Schlitz Playhouse of Stars" and "77 Sunset Strip".
Marriages.
Kenyon was married four times. 
Death.
Doris Kenyon died on September 1, 1979, at her home in Beverly Hills, California of cardiac arrest.
In popular culture.
In 1922, a newborn girl, Doris Kappelhoff, was named after Kenyon. Kappelhoff grew up to be singer and actress Doris Day. Many years later, Day purchased a home in Beverly Hills that was "a few houses away from [Kenyon's], on the very same street."

</doc>
<doc id="6963100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963100" title="Pepperbush">
Pepperbush



</doc>
<doc id="6963108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963108" title="The Devil You Know (Yes Minister)">
The Devil You Know (Yes Minister)



</doc>
<doc id="6963109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963109" title="Niccoló Piccinni">
Niccoló Piccinni



</doc>
<doc id="6963117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963117" title="Stannington First School">
Stannington First School



</doc>
<doc id="6963122" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963122" title="Akhtubinsky District">
Akhtubinsky District

Akhtubinsky District (; , ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the eleven in Astrakhan Oblast, Russia. It is located in the north of the oblast. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Akhtubinsk Population (excluding the administrative center): 31,963 (2002 Census); 

</doc>
<doc id="6963124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963124" title="After the Laughter">
After the Laughter



</doc>
<doc id="6963126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963126" title="Lennart Kollberg">
Lennart Kollberg



</doc>
<doc id="6963127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963127" title="Gunvald Larsson">
Gunvald Larsson



</doc>
<doc id="6963128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963128" title="Another Morning Stoner">
Another Morning Stoner



</doc>
<doc id="6963129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963129" title="Monsey, ny">
Monsey, ny



</doc>
<doc id="6963130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963130" title="Einar Rönn">
Einar Rönn



</doc>
<doc id="6963131" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963131" title="Kristiansson">
Kristiansson



</doc>
<doc id="6963132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963132" title="USA Limoges">
USA Limoges

USA Limoges is a French rugby union club currently competing in Fédérale 1, the top level of the French amateur rugby pyramid and one level below the professional leagues. They finished second-from-bottom in the second professional level, Rugby Pro D2, in both 2007 and 2008. In 2007, they received a reprieve from relegation to the amateur ranks during the close season when another Pro D2 club, UA Gaillac, were denied a professional license due to financial problems. However, they would have no such luck in 2008, as all clubs above them on the league table passed their required financial audits. The club, founded in 1902, play their home matches at Parc municipal de Beaublanc. They wear blue and red.
They are based in Limoges in the Haute-Vienne in the centre of France. Their most recent success was in 2005-06, when they finished second in Fédérale 1 to Gaillac and won the promotion playoffs to earn a place in Pro D2.
History.
The club was founded in 1902 as AS Limoges, changing their club name to USA Limoges in 1943. In 2003 they were champions of the Federale 1 competition. USA Limoges were the runners-up (second, behind UA Gaillac) in the Federale 1 competition in 2006, earning promotion to the Rugby Pro D2 competition.

</doc>
<doc id="6963136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963136" title="Evald Hammar">
Evald Hammar



</doc>
<doc id="6963139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963139" title="Benny Skacke">
Benny Skacke



</doc>
<doc id="6963140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963140" title="Forward Looking Infrared">
Forward Looking Infrared



</doc>
<doc id="6963168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963168" title="Architecture awards">
Architecture awards



</doc>
<doc id="6963187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963187" title="Travis Kerschen">
Travis Kerschen

Travis Kerschen (born 3 November 1982, Great Yarmouth, Norfolk) is an independent film actor.

</doc>
<doc id="6963188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963188" title="Olivier Galzi">
Olivier Galzi

Olivier Galzi (born 26 October 1971) is a French journalist.
He works for the French TV network France 2, a division of France Télévisions. On France 2, Galzi presents news bulletins within "Télématin", France 2's morning show presented weekdays at 7:00 and 8:00 CET in Metropolitan France. Galzi is also the regular substitute for David Pujadas on the station's evening news bulletin "20 heures". He sometimes presents the newscasts in Canada on TV5 every 1/2 hour (4 times over 2 hours, starting shortly before the hour and 1/2 past the hour) from 6:00 to 8:00am North American Eastern Time.
In August 2010 Galzi left France Télévisions to run the breakfast show "La Matinale de L'Info" from 6am to 9am each weekday on i-Télé, alongside the newsreader Amandine Bégot.
On 2011, Denis Girolami joined i-Télé from RTL and replaced Galzi, so he took charge on a new show: "L'Édition du Soir" every weekend from 6pm to midnight.
From 10/2011 to 9/2012, Galzi presented a magazine about presidential election, called "CQFD – Ce qu'il fallait décrypter", every Saturday from 10:15am to 11am.
On 9/2012, he started presenting "La Grande Édition" from 10pm to midnight each weekday with Maya Lauqué.
From 2016 to 7/2017, he anchors "Galzi Jusqu'à Minuit – Le Grand Décryptage", which running Monday–Thursday from 9:00pm to midnight.
On 7/2017, he left CNews.

</doc>
<doc id="6963189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963189" title="Straight Flush radar">
Straight Flush radar



</doc>
<doc id="6963200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963200" title="Thomas J. Hudson">
Thomas J. Hudson

Thomas James Hudson, O.C., (born June 12, 1961) is a Canadian genome scientist noted for his leading role in the generation of physical maps of the human and mouse genomes and also his role in the International HapMap Project whose goal is to develop a haplotype map of the human genome.
As director of the McGill University and Genome Quebec Innovation Centre, which he established, Hudson and his team have made a number of discoveries in human genetics. These include genes mutated in rare diseases and genes involved in complex diseases such as asthma, type II diabetes and inflammatory bowel disease.
In July 2006, he was appointed president and scientific director of the Ontario Institute for Cancer Research. He is also editor-in-chief of the journal "Human Genetics".
Thomas Hudson is married and has five children.
Beginnings and early career.
Hudson was born in 1961 in Arvida, Quebec, where his father was a chemist for Alcan.&lt;ref name="Genes/Genomes"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; He has six sisters including a twin sister.
He earned his M.D. degree in 1985 from the Université de Montréal. Then, he did residencies in internal medicine and Clinical Immunology and Allergy, the latter at McGill University Health Centre. In 1990, after a year of postdoctoral experience under the supervision of Emil Skamene and Danuta Radzioch, he went to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for a fellowship with David Housman.
There he became involved with Eric Lander's projects and eventually led the effort to build a physical map of the human genome, which was an important step towards the generation of the complete sequence of the human genome. He supervised a large team of engineers, biologists, computer scientists to build high throughput PCR systems. The robot built by his team, called the "Genomatron", performed up to 300,000 PCR reactions per day. He was also part of an international effort to build a transcript map of the human genome. By 1996, his team had mapped more than 10,000 genes. In 1995, he became the assistant director of the Whitehead Institute/MIT Center for Genome Research a position which he held until 2001.
Montreal Genome Centre.
In 1996, Hudson was recruited back to Montreal at the McGill University Health Centre where he created the Montreal Genome Centre. In 2003, Hudson expanded his team and moved into a new building on the McGill University campus called the McGill University and Genome Quebec Innovation Centre. The Centre possesses five different technology platforms (genotyping, sequencing, expression profiling, mass spectrometry and Information Technology) and also provides services to the Canadian and International community. By 2006, more than four hundred academic laboratories as well as a dozen of biotechnology companies have used the services of this new facility.
Until 2006, Hudson was also an associate professor in the departments of Human Genetics and Medicine at McGill University and associate physician at the McGill University Health Centre (Division of Immunology and Allergy). The main focus of his research is on the genetic dissection of complex diseases. His most important discoveries include the identification of genes involved in the development of Type II diabetes, susceptibility to leprosy, multiple sclerosis, asthma and inflammatory bowel disease. His team findings also include rare disease mutations such as the genes for spastic ataxia of Charlevoix-Saguenay (ARSACS) and Leigh syndrome French-Canadian Type (also known as lactic acidosis), that affect many families from the Saguenay region, of which he is a native.
One of his publications on inflammatory bowel disease in 2001 was the catalyst that led to the launch of the International HapMap project. More than 200 researchers from six different countries, including Hudson and his team, worked on the project. The HapMap, which was completed in October 2005, is a catalog of genetic variations - called single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) - and will help in discovering how these variations correlate with risk of developing complex diseases.
Leadership in Canada.
Hudson has been a key player in many national organizations. He was Associate Director of the Canadian Genetics Disease Network from 2001 to 2005, and he has helped launch Genome Canada and Genome Quebec, of which he was the first scientific director in 2002. In addition, he has been a member of the Scientific Advisory Board for many public organizations or private companies.
New horizons.
In July 2006, Hudson announced that he was leaving Montreal to lead the newly created Ontario Institute for Cancer Research in Toronto, Ontario which will focus on the genomics of cancer. Hudson remained acting scientific director of the McGill University and Genome Quebec Innovation Centre, until his successor Mark Lathrop succeeded him in 2011. Currently, Hudson is serving as Senior Vice President, R&amp;D, and Chief Scientific Officer at AbbVie.
Awards.
Hudson's accomplishments have been recognized by numerous awards and honors:

</doc>
<doc id="6963203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963203" title="Lyudmila Samotysova">
Lyudmila Samotysova



</doc>
<doc id="6963205" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963205" title="Bart Oates">
Bart Oates

Bart Steven Oates (born December 16, 1958) is an American former professional football player who was a center in the National Football League (NFL) for the New York Giants and San Francisco 49ers. He played for the Giants from 1985 to 1993 and with the 49ers from 1994 to 1995. He was a member of the Giants teams that won Super Bowls XXI and XXV and the 49ers team that won Super Bowl XXIX.
College career.
A graduate of Albany High School in Georgia, Oates played college football at Brigham Young University (BYU), originally entering in 1977 before serving an 2-year mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Las Vegas, Nevada then later joining the Cougars football team. Oates earned a BS in accounting from the Marriott School of Business there in 1985, and he was inducted into the BYU athletic Hall of Fame in 1992.
Professional career.
The Giants signed Oates in 1985 at the relatively advanced age of 26. This was because he had initially played three seasons with the Philadelphia/Baltimore Stars in the USFL where he won two USFL championships. Oates has stated that he feels the 1985 Philadelphia Stars of the USFL could have beaten the 1985 Philadelphia Eagles. Oates won three Super Bowls, two with the Giants in 1987 and 1991, and one with the 49ers in 1995. Oates was selected to five Pro Bowls during his career and to the UPI All-NFC team three times. He was extremely durable, starting 125 consecutive games during his Giants career.
Television work.
Oates worked as a color analyst for NFL games on NBC television in 1996, teaming with either Dan Hicks or, when Hicks was away on assignment, Jim Donovan. In 2006, he voiced himself in the "Aqua Teen Hunger Force" episode "Bart Oates".
Law career.
Oates attended law school classes during the football off-season and graduated magna cum laude with a Juris Doctor degree from Seton Hall Law School in 1990. He worked in New Jersey with the firms of Ribis Graham and Curtin in Morristown, Raymond Koski and Associates in Fort Lee and the real estate company Gale and Wentworth in Florham Park. His primary focus of practice was real estate and health care. He is a member of the New Jersey State Bar Association.
Civic and corporate roles.
Oates was chairman of the New Jersey Hall of Fame, a Hall of Fame for New Jersey residents in a variety of fields ranging from scientists to athletes. He was selected to be inducted into the New Jersey Hall of Fame Class of 2019. He also spent time helping out as the line coach at Seton Hall Preparatory School earlier in the decade. He currently serves as the Bishop (lay Pastor) of the Morristown 1st Ward of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, and as the Executive Director of CIT International, promoting partnerships of law enforcement with mental health resources.
Personal life.
Oates and his wife, Michelle, have three children and reside in Harding Township, New Jersey. His brother, Brad, also played offensive line in the NFL for six seasons on five teams.

</doc>
<doc id="6963217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963217" title="Baudelaire (disambiguation)">
Baudelaire (disambiguation)

Baudelaire most commonly refers to Charles Baudelaire (1821–1867), French poet.
Baudelaire may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6963225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963225" title="Banovac">
Banovac

Banovac, banski denar or banica is a coin struck and used in the Kingdom of Croatia between 1235 and 1384, replacing the Croatian frizatik (which was also minted by Duke of Slavonia). The Latin name was derived from the words "ban" ("viceroy") and "denarius".
The coins were first minted in Pakrac, and from 1260 in Zagreb. They were well made, of quality silver, because of which became common exchange currency in Central Europe. There exist some 400 types and sub-types of banovac.
Banovac included on obverse the image of a marten () between two six-pointed stars (inspired by moving leopard/lion from frizatiks and duke's CoA), because marten pelts were highly valued goods used as a form of payment in Slavonia (marturina). This was one of the reasons for naming the former currency of the Republic of Croatia the kuna (used 1994–2023). On the reverse included image of Patriarchal cross#Hungary, in upper part crescent and star (symbol), and lower part two crowned heads facing each other.
The legends are:
Initials on the Árpád Dynasty coins are:

</doc>
<doc id="6963233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963233" title="Sir (William) Philip Colfox">
Sir (William) Philip Colfox



</doc>
<doc id="6963235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963235" title="Gentlemen versus Players">
Gentlemen versus Players



</doc>
<doc id="6963236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963236" title="Kshatriya (film)">
Kshatriya (film)

Kshatriya () is a 1993 Indian Hindi-language action film directed and co-written by J. P. Dutta. It features an ensemble cast of Dharmendra, Vinod Khanna, Sunny Deol, Sanjay Dutt, Meenakshi Seshadri, Raveena Tandon, Divya Bharti, Sunil Dutt (special appearance), Rakhee Gulzar, Sumalatha, Kabir Bedi, Puneet Issar and Prem Chopra.
Released worldwide on 26 March 1993, it was recorded a record-breaking opening at the box office &amp; was well received by both critics and audiences.
Plot.
The story is about two warring royals Kshatriya Rajput families in Rajasthan, India, based in Mirtagarh and Surjangarh. The Mirtagarh family is headed by Maharaja Bhavani Singh, his wife Maheshwari Devi, his daughter Divya, and younger brother Jaswant Singh. Surjangarh's family is headed by Prithvi Singh, his wife Suman, his brother Devendra Pratap Singh, and Devendra's son Vijay Pratap Singh. Vijay falls in love with Divya, but both families are against them marrying and Mirtagarh's minister Ajay Singh and his son Shakti Singh add fuel to the fire. When Vijay comes to meet Divya, he is killed by Shakti, even though Bhavani never wanted him dead. Divya commits suicide after hearing of Vijay's death and Prithvi shoots and kills Bhavani in revenge. Jaswant Singh returns from England and kills Devendra in revenge. Both Prithvi and Jaswant vow to kill each other, once Prithvi gets released from the prison. Prithvi's son Vinay and Bhavani's son Vikram are sent to England as children to get away from the bloody feud between their families.
Twenty years later, Vinay and Vikram are the best of friends living in England. Vikram's cousin and Jaswant's daughter Neelima also lives in London. Vinay and Neelima fall in love and want to marry. This could signal the end of the Mirtagarh and Surjangarh feud. On the other hand, Tanvi falls in love with Vikram. As soon as Prithvi is released from prison, Jaswant challenges him to a sword battle, which he accepts eagerly. Police officer Ganga Singh intervenes and stops them from killing each other. The truth behind the feud between both families is revealed and Vinay and Neelima are forbidden from marrying. Vinay is told the truth of his father killing Vikram's father and then he tells the same to Vikram. Later, enraged for revenge, Vikram bursts into Surjangarh's mansion and shoots Prithvi. Vinay, in a fit of rage, shoots back at Vikram. 
While both Prithvi and Vikram survive and are recovering in a hospital from their wounds, Vinay and Jaswant get into a fight outside the hospital. When Vinay assaults Jaswant, Neelima intervenes and slaps Vinay for hitting her father. This prompts Vinay to breaks off his relationship with Neelima, realising that this feud will never end. But, Neelima tells Vinay that she cannot live without him and will commit suicide if he does not take her with him. 
Vinay visits Jaswant and pleads with him to let him marry Neelima and end this feud. Jaswant refuses and tells Vinay to leave. As Vinay leaves, he is ambushed by Shakti, Ajay and their men. It is then revealed that Shakti Singh had killed Vinay's cousin Vijay Pratap Singh and wants to kill him too. As Shakti tries to attack Vinay, Vinay overpowers and kills him with his own sword. Jaswant realises that Ajay and Shakti were the conspirators behind all these deaths between both families and he kills Ajay Singh. He lets Neelima go with Vinay and they decide to return to England, marry and settle there.
Vikram recovers from the hospital and challenges Prithvi to a sword battle. Maheshwari prevents Prithvi from accepting Vikram's challenge after she tells him she has forgiven him for killing her husband Bhavani and he should remember that. Prithvi promises her to not kill Vikram. Vinay decides to accept Vikram's challenge instead, to keep his father's honour. As Vinay and Vikram are duelling, their mothers Suman and Maheshwari intervene and decide to hurt themselves to stop their sons from fighting. Eventually, they do stop and finally, the feud ends with friendship and relationship blossoming between the two families.

</doc>
<doc id="6963242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963242" title="Banski denar">
Banski denar



</doc>
<doc id="6963243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963243" title="Bikini bottom">
Bikini bottom



</doc>
<doc id="6963246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963246" title="Jeffrey Bell (politician)">
Jeffrey Bell (politician)



</doc>
<doc id="6963247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963247" title="Heart in the Hand of the Matter">
Heart in the Hand of the Matter



</doc>
<doc id="6963252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963252" title="Anllóns">
Anllóns

The Anllóns is a Galician river that begins in the Xalo Mountains at an elevation of above sea level and flows into the Atlantic via the Ria of Corme and Laxe.
Along its course, it crosses the municipalities of Cabana de Bergantiños, Carballo, Cerceda, Coristanco, and Ponteceso. Its average flow is .
Background.
It was declared a Site of Community Importance in the year 2001. It is fed by brooks like the Graña, Quenxe, Acheiro, Abaixo, Queo or Bertón during its high course. After the pass at Mount Neme, it receives the water of the brooks Gándara, Bandeira, Vao, Galvar, Portecelo or Batán, and in its low course its tributaries include the brooks Lourido, Ponteceso, Prados and Bouzas.

</doc>
<doc id="6963263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963263" title="William Patrick (minister)">
William Patrick (minister)

The Reverend William Patrick (1791–1872) was a 19th-century minister of the Church of Scotland and a significant contributor to the "Second, or New, Statistical Account of Scotland". He seems to have been the prime author of the Parish accounts for Hamilton, Blantyre, Bothwell and Cambuslang. In each of these, his interest in the local flora and fauna, especially those that could be hunted, shines through. He had earlier (1831) produced "A popular description of the indigenous plants of Lanarkshire".

</doc>
<doc id="6963264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963264" title="Asp (catepillar)">
Asp (catepillar)



</doc>
<doc id="6963279" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963279" title="Bobby Digital">
Bobby Digital

Bobby Digital may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6963280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963280" title="Whitetip weasel shark">
Whitetip weasel shark

The whitetip weasel shark "(Paragaleus leucolomatus)" is a weasel shark of the family Hemigaleidae. Only one specimen, in Kosi Bay, South Africa, has been caught. That specimen was long. In 2020, a fuzzy image believed to be this shark was obtained on the show "Extinct or Alive".
The reproduction of this shark is viviparous.

</doc>
<doc id="6963282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963282" title="Paragaleus leucolomatus">
Paragaleus leucolomatus



</doc>
<doc id="6963287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963287" title="Raja Dinkar Kelkar Museum">
Raja Dinkar Kelkar Museum

The Raja Dinkar Kelkar Museum is in Pune, Maharashtra, India. It contains the collection of Dr. Dinkar G. Kelkar (1896–1990), dedicated to the memory of his only son, Raja. The three-storey building houses various sculptures dating back to the 14th century. There are also ornaments made of ivory, silver and gold, musical instruments (a particularly fine collection), war weapons and vessels.
History.
The collection was started around 1920, and by 1984 it contained around 15,000 objects. The museum was established in 1962, and Dr. Kelkar donated his collection to the Government of Maharashtra in 1992.
The museum now holds over 20,000 objects of which 2,500 are kept on display. These consist of mainly Indian decorative items from everyday life and other art objects, mostly from the 18th and 19th centuries. The museum's collection depicts the skills of the Indian artists of the time, including the prominent works of Pandit Abhijeet Joshi.
During the COVID-19 pandemic in India, the museum offered a virtual tour.
Gallery.
Items on display in the museum include the following.
Chandrashekhar Agashe Museum Wing.
This wing includes a collection of ancient Indian musical instruments belonging to the late industrialist Chandrashekhar Agashe donated by his sons, Panditrao Agashe and Dnyaneshwar Agashe. Taking his namesake, honoring the kinship of Chandrashekhar Agashe's widow and the founder of the museum, Dr. Dinkar G. Kelkar, with them being fourth cousins.

</doc>
<doc id="6963300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963300" title="Controversy (Live in Hawaii)">
Controversy (Live in Hawaii)



</doc>
<doc id="6963303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963303" title="Adb al-Majid">
Adb al-Majid



</doc>
<doc id="6963305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963305" title="How Near, How Far">
How Near, How Far



</doc>
<doc id="6963311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963311" title="It Was There That I Saw You">
It Was There That I Saw You



</doc>
<doc id="6963316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963316" title="Hail and Farewell, Gothenburg">
Hail and Farewell, Gothenburg



</doc>
<doc id="6963319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963319" title="Taking of Kazan">
Taking of Kazan



</doc>
<doc id="6963326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963326" title="Asp (caterpillar)">
Asp (caterpillar)



</doc>
<doc id="6963327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963327" title="River Gelt">
River Gelt

The River Gelt is a river in Cumbria, England and a tributary of the River Irthing.
The source of the Gelt is close to Cumbria's border with Northumberland, where it rises (as New Water) at Butt Hill. The stream runs down Geltsdale Middle in the direction of Cumrew Fell, before turning northwards.
After a short while, New Water is joined by Old Water in the King's Forest of Geltsdale. Old Water runs from Crookburn Pike. After the two streams combine, the river continues flowing to the northwest, passing between Talkin Fell and Castle Carrock Fell, then the villages of the same names.
Having flown through Greenwell and under the Newcastle and Carlisle Railway, the Gelt continues through Gelt Woods, overlooked by a Roman inscription dating from 207 AD and known as "the written rock of Gelt". Other stories and legends are associated with Abraham's Cave. On 20 February 1570 it saw the Battle of Gelt Bridge, when Leonard Dacre and his forces were defeated by Henry Carey, 1st Baron Hunsdon.
The Gelt joins the River Irthing at Edmond Castle, about 10 miles east of Carlisle.
Written rock of Gelt.
The Romans quarried the soft sandstone for use in Hadrian's Wall, which lies three miles to the north. It was abandoned in 207 AD. On the rockface there was extensive carved graffiti, that has been known since the eighteenth century. It included notes, comments about the officers and a lucky symbolic penis (phallus). In 2019 the archaeology department of the University of Newcastle undertook a 3D scan of the site discovering it was more extensive than previously thought.
The task involves descending by rope or in a gantry, into the quarry and recording the rock face using structure-from-motion (SfM) photogrammetry. The site was accessible by foot before the path collapsed 30 years ago.
"These inscriptions are probably the most important on the Hadrian's Wall frontier." The inspector of ancient monuments for Hadrian's Wall at Historic England, Mike Collins, said. 
"They provide insight into the organisation of the vast construction project that Hadrian's Wall was, as well as some very human and personal touches, such as the caricature of their commanding officer inscribed by one group of soldiers."
Etymology.
There are two schools of thought as to the origin of the name "Gelt". The first claims that it is of Brittonic origin and derived from "*wïlt", meaning "wild, uncontrolled" (Welsh "gwyllt"). The same word underlies the Gelt Burn in Northumberland. However, it is unclear why this particular river should be thought of as "wild" as compared to several other waterways in the area.
The second, rather more plausible, theory is that the name is of more recent Old Norse origin. In that language, "gelt" means "gold" or "money", as it does in several other Germanic languages, including Yiddish. This view is more consistent with the name "Geltsdale", where the suffix "dale" clearly derives from the word for "valley" in Old Norse; see Cumbrian toponymy. It is archaeologically certain that Vikings inhabited the region, so Norse name derivations are as likely as Brittonic ones. Other place names of clearly Old Norse origin in the area include the "tarns", "fells", and "becks", from the words for "small lake", "mountain" and "stream". In this context, the descriptor "gold" likely referred to the colour, not the metal, as a reference to the dark shade of the water.

</doc>
<doc id="6963329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963329" title="Treaty of Speyer (1209)">
Treaty of Speyer (1209)

The Treaty of Speyer was signed in 1209 by Holy Roman Emperor Otto IV. This agreement was developed as a result of Pope Innocent III having launched an appeal for organizing a crusade against the Cathars (or Albigensians) in southern France. The accord allowed Emperor Otto IV to renounce the Concordat of Worms and claim authority over territories controlled by the Pope. These territories included the Kingdom of Sicily.

</doc>
<doc id="6963332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963332" title="Purple asparagus">
Purple asparagus



</doc>
<doc id="6963335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963335" title="The day of revolution">
The day of revolution



</doc>
<doc id="6963338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963338" title="Leading article">
Leading article



</doc>
<doc id="6963340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963340" title="USS Gurke">
USS Gurke

USS "Gurke" (DD-783) was a "Gearing"-class destroyer of the United States Navy, in service from 1945 to 1976. She was transferred to Greece in 1977 and served as "Tombazis" (D 215) until 1997.
History.
DD-783 was originally laid down as "John A. Bole", but that name was reassigned to the . "Gurke" was named for United States Marine Corps Private Henry Gurke (1922–1943), who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor. She was launched on 15 February 1945 by the Todd-Pacific Shipyards, Inc., Tacoma, Washington; sponsored by Mrs. Julius Gurke, mother of Private Gurke; and commissioned on 12 May 1945.
1945 – 1962.
After shakedown along the West Coast, "Gurke" sailed for the Western Pacific on 27 August 1945, reaching Pearl Harbor on 2 September. From there she continued west to participate in the occupation of Japan and former Japanese possessions. Returning to her home port, San Diego, California, in February 1946, "Gurke" participated in training operations until 4 September 1947 when she sailed for another WesPac cruise. Two further WesPac cruises, alternating with operations out of San Diego and a cruise to Alaska in 1948 to aid in the celebration of the 50th anniversary of the Yukon gold rush, filled "Gurke"s schedule until the outbreak of the Korean War.
"Gurke" departed San Diego on 5 August 1950 and arrived at Yokosuka, Japan on 19 August to screen fast carrier task forces off the west coast of Korea, from 25 August to 6 September. She shared with five other destroyers the award of the Navy Unit Commendation to Task Element 90.62 for extraordinary heroism in support of the landing at Inchon, 13–15 September 1950. Steaming up Flying Fish (So Sudo) Channel at high tide the first day, "Gurke" bombarded Wolmi-do island and the Inchon waterfront. Communist fire concentrated on three of the "sitting duck" destroyers, "Gurke" taking three hits that caused two wounded and minor damage. The destroyer's 5-inch batteries opened in a prelanding shore bombardment on 15 September 1950 until the first assault wave of Marines crossed the line of departure for Wolmi Do, which was secured by high noon. Wolmi Do was no longer a dominating threat over approaches into Inchon by landing assault craft that would be borne in on the incoming afternoon tide. After this initial landing General of the Army Douglas MacArthur made visual signal: "The Navy and Marines have never shone more brightly than this morning."
After the Inchon landings, "Gurke" screened fast attack carriers launching powerful strikes against enemy positions and supply lines. She also patrolled the narrow Formosa Straits to prevent Chinese Communist invasion of Formosa and to ensure that Formosa was not used as a base for military operations against the Chinese mainland. During the first year of war "Gurke" frequently served as flagship of Vice Admiral Arthur D. Struble and the 7th Fleet's Carrier Task Force 77 (TF 77).
Two interludes in the States for repairs and training interrupted "Gurke"s Korean War service. But she continued, when deployed with the Seventh Fleet, to screen attack carriers and bombard enemy coastal supply routes and installations, once destroying a Communist train through accurate gunnery. She again drew fire from Communist shore batteries on 25 June 1953, but escaped without serious damage from two direct hits and the shrapnel of five air bursts.
When the shooting stopped in Korea in August 1953, "Gurke" continued patrols in the Far East to help keep the peace. Six- to eight-month deployments to the Western Pacific were alternated with stateside overhauls and training in a full peacetime routine. During 17–18 June 1960, she was a unit of the escort for cruiser carrying President Dwight D. Eisenhower on a fast Manila—Taiwan cruise. She also participated in nose cone recovery work as America's space effort rolled into high gear, facilitated by seapower.
In June 1962, "Gurke" participated in Operation Dominic I, a series of nuclear tests off Christmas Island.
1963 – 1975.
"Gurke" commenced a Fleet Rehabilitation and Modernization (FRAM I) overhaul at Puget Sound Naval Shipyard 11 July 1963, with the refit completed on 1 May 1964. The FRAM I conversion added a launcher for RUR-5 ASROC anti-submarine missiles, two Mark 32 triple tubes for Mark 44 anti-submarine torpedoes and a hangar and flight deck for the DASH drone helicopter, along with modern SQS-23 sonar. To compensate for these additions, the ship's 21 inch torpedo tubes, a twin 5 inch gun mount and all light anti aircraft guns were removed. She arrived in her new home port of San Diego on 15 May for fleet operations along the western seaboard until 21 October when she again sailed for the Far East. She arrived in Yokosuka and joined the 7th Fleet on 16 November 1964 to begin her duties as a unit of Fast Carrier Task Force 77.
The first day of 1965 found "Gurke" with Task Group 77.7 (TG 77.7) in the South China Sea. Long hours were spent on station, plane-guarding for attack carriers and . As the Vietnam War became "hot" in late January she served as one of the escorts for an amphibious task group in the vicinity of Da Nang, South Vietnam. Long stretches at sea with fast carriers were punctuated by liberty calls at Subic Bay and Hong Kong. On 20 April 1965 the destroyer sailed in company with "Ranger" for return to San Diego, on 7 May 1965. The remainder of the year was filled with a rapid succession of coastwise training exercises ranging north to Seattle, which continued until she sailed for the western Pacific on 12 May 1966. After visiting Hawaii, Japan, and the Philippines, "Gurke" was stationed in the Gulf of Tonkin late in June for search and rescue duty. On 1 July three North Vietnamese PT boats were detected 11 miles (20 km) away from "Gurke" and three sister destroyers and closing at high speed. Fighter aircraft from intercepted the raiders and sank all three within minutes. The destroyers picked up 19 survivors for questioning.
While in the Gulf of Tonkin, "Gurke" refueled helicopters by a new in-flight refueling process enabling them to rescue American pilots downed in hostile territory.
After a brief respite in Hong Kong, Formosa, and the Philippines in August, "Gurke" resumed duty in the Gulf of Tonkin in September and set a record in completing 113 in-flight refuelings. On this assignment she bombarded Viet Cong positions in the Mekong and Saigon River deltas. After being relieved early in the fall, the destroyer returned home, via Okinawa and Japan, arriving San Diego on 16 November. In 1967, she operated along the West Coast and prepared for future action.
In November 1967 Gurke headed west again via Hawaii and Japan. She operated on Yankee Station, on search and rescue in the northern Gulf of Tonkin, and took part in the Formation Star effort in the Sea of Japan. Rushing south at the start of the 1968 Tet Offensive, she provided Naval Gunfire Support to the US Marines retaking Hue City. She then took some R&amp;R in Hong Kong and participated in Sea Dragon operations along the North Vietnamese Coast. She returned to San Diego in June 1968 after an eight-month West Pac deployment. In April 1975 she participated in the evacuation of Saigon known as Operation Frequent Wind.
1977 - 1997.
"Gurke" was decommissioned and stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 30 January 1976, and on 17 March 1977 she was transferred to Greece. On 20 March 1977 the ship was commissioned in the Hellenic Navy as "Tombazis" (D 215), the third ship named after Admiral Iakovos Tombazis.
"Tombazis" was fitted to serve as a flagship between 1980 and 1981, while the ship's armament was supplemented by the addition of an Otobreda 76 mm automatic gun on the helicopter deck and two twin launchers for Harpoon anti-ship missiles. "Tombazis" was withdrawn from active use by 1994, and stricken on 12 January 1997; as of January 1998, she was laid up in Souda Bay, Crete.
Awards.
"Gurke" received seven battle stars for service in the Korean War.

</doc>
<doc id="6963342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963342" title="Sky lab">
Sky lab



</doc>
<doc id="6963344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963344" title="Forli Airport">
Forli Airport



</doc>
<doc id="6963354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963354" title="Hope Leslie">
Hope Leslie

Hope Leslie, or, Early Times in the Massachusetts is an 1827 novel written by Catharine Maria Sedgwick. The book is considered significant because of its strong feminist overtones and ideas of equity toward Native Americans. The book is a historical romance, set mostly in 1643. A number of historical figures appear, including Puritan leader John Winthrop, Puritan heretic Samuel Gorton, and the Pequot Native American Mononotto.
Plot summary.
The story starts with William Fletcher, a young man who is in love with his cousin Alice. Her father has forbidden her marriage to Fletcher on account of religious difference. After he thwarts Alice's attempt to run away with Fletcher to North America, he forces her to marry Charles Leslie instead. In despair, Fletcher decides to leave England and relocate to the Massachusetts Bay Colony, where he marries an orphan girl named Martha although he is still in love with Alice. He founds a household several miles out of town and has four children, including Everell. He receives word that Charles and Alice Leslie have both died, and that their children, who will be renamed Faith and Hope, will be coming to live with the Fletchers.
To address the increase in household work that the new children will bring, the family is supplied with two young Native Americans as servants: Magawisca and Oneco, the children of Mononotto, one of the Pequod chiefs. They have been displaced because of the previous year's Pequod War, in which the Pequod settlement was attacked and burned by the white settlers. Most of the household is suspicious of Magawisca, especially since she occasionally talks to Nelema, an old native woman living nearby. Everell, however, always maintains that she is trustworthy and has only the family's best interests at heart.
Everell maintains his faith in Magawisca when he and Digby, the faithful family servant, are keeping watch at night; they see Magawisca slip out of her bedroom and go to speak with Nelema. At this point, William Fletcher has gone to the coast to conduct business; he has sent Faith Leslie to live with the family, but has kept Hope Leslie with him because she reminds him of his former love Alice. Magawisca is conflicted, unsure whether she ought to tell Everell that her father is preparing a surprise raid on the household to reclaim his children; she feels a strong love for the family which has treated her with kindness, but ultimately says nothing as she is unwilling to betray her father. Digby goes away on an errand that Mrs. Fletcher insists on, and so Everell is left to defend the house in the event of an attack.
The Native Americans do attack and Everell wounds one but is unable to stop the ensuing bloodbath. Mrs. Fletcher and the young children are killed and Mononotto captures Everell and Faith Leslie, and reclaims his children Magawisca and Oneco.
Mr. Fletcher returns with Hope Leslie to his home later from the coast several hours after the fight only to find his entire family dead or missing; he mourns privately for a few days, then begins to act normally.
Meanwhile, the Native American group are attempting to reach their allies before they are caught by the settlers in pursuit. There are several close calls, but they eventually escape and reach the settlement. Magawisca attempts to help Everell escape, since she does not agree with her father's capture of the two white children, but she is unable to do so.
The natives prepare Everell for sacrifice; Mononotto is thrilled at the brave spirit with which he fought the invasion at the Fletcher home, and believes that he is a fitting sacrifice to avenge the death of his own son in the Pequod War, who was interrogated by white settlers before being killed in cold blood. Magawisca attempts to aid him, but is sent to an old woman's domicile and kept there by a stationed guard as the night wears on and the time for the sacrifice draws nigh. She is able to put the guard to sleep using an herbal sleeping tea that the old woman has in her hut, and escapes to help Everell. Everell, meanwhile, has been encircled by natives at a large rock. A moonbeam strikes his face; the natives interpret this as a sign that the sacrifice has been accepted and exult in the moment. Everell is resigned to his fate and bows his head to be killed. As the final blow is about to be struck, Magawisca leaps from the large rock which she has secretly scaled into the path of the blade. Mononotto, instead of killing Everell, cuts off his daughter's arm. In the ensuing shock of the natives, Magawisca and Everell embrace, and Everell escapes the circle and flees the encampment.
Meanwhile, Old Man Craddock gets bitten by a snake and refuses to let Hope Leslie near him so Hope calls on the old Indian servant, Nelema. Nelema cures Craddock's snakebite through a concoction that she made using Native American rituals. Jennet calls it witchcraft and Nelema is made to stand trial. Hope frees Nelema from jail and Nelema promises to send her sister Faith to her.
Hope is sent to live with the Winthrops in Boston for a while. Everell returns to America and stays with Mr. Fletcher, who now lives in Boston. Esther Downing, a niece of Mrs. Winthrop’s, becomes good friends with Hope. She seems to be everything that Hope is not: faithful, prudent, and studious. She is also kind. She tells a story of how Everell came to her death bed and her ensuing recovery. Esther is infatuated with Everell, which saddens Hope greatly. Everyone hopes Esther and Everell will marry, except Mr. Fletcher, who hopes to match the two children he raised.
The Winthrops want to pair Hope with Sir Philip Gardiner, a stranger who arrived in town on the same boat as Everell, and who has developed an interest in Hope Leslie. Sir Philip's page, Roslin, seems very odd indeed. It is later revealed that Roslin is Rosa, a former lover of Sir Philip's whom he has disguised as his male page. One evening, Hope and Esther attend a lecture pertaining to the case of Mr. Gorton. Uncharacteristically, Hope appears quite anxious. We later learn that Hope had that day received a visit from Magawisca, whom she had made plans to meet in the cemetery at 9pm that night. On the way home from the lecture, Hope impatiently leaves her escort, Sir Philip, and takes a detour to the burial ground. Hope briefly meets Roslin, who tells her that she must not trust Sir Philip. Unknown to Hope, Sir Phillip follows her and overhears the conversation with Magawisca that night. Magawisca explains that Faith has married Oneco and tries to warn Hope that her sister is very different from the sister she remembers. Nelema managed to tell Magawisca that Hope had saved her and wanted to repay her with a visit from her sister. Magawisca also explains that her sister is now a Catholic.
To facilitate her meeting with Faith, Hope arranges for the party to stay on an island belonging to Winthrop, of which Digby is the guardian. While there, she implies to all present that Everell and Esther are going to get married, and puts their hands together. She never notices that Everell longs to be with her. Sir Philip comes, too, and she tells him that she never intends to marry him. Sir Phillip is upset by this.
Everyone else agrees to leave the island and Hope goes out to meet her sister on the shore. Hope embraces Faith and tries to talk to her only to realize that Faith no longer speaks English. Magawisca must interpret for them. Hope tries to get her to come home with her, but to no avail. As they are meeting, a trap is sprung upon them by Sir Philip. Magawisca and Faith are taken by English soldiers. Magawisca is imprisoned. Hope is taken captive by Oneco and meets up with Mononotto.
Mononotto is struck by lightning as Oneco is trying to get away. He stops to take care of his father and while he does so, Hope escapes, but then runs into a group of sailors who chase her. She climbs into a boat and the Italian sailor Antonio believes first that she is the Virgin Mary, and later that she is his patron saint. Hope does nothing to disabuse Antonio of this belief, and convinces him to row her to shore.
Sir Phillip goes and visits Magawisca in jail. He gives her tools to escape with a promise that she take Rosalin with her. She refuses. Sir Phillip gets choked by Morton, whom he had claimed to be visiting. Sir Philip's true nature is momentarily revealed.
Everell attempts to save Magawisca, but fails. Hope takes Cradock with her to the jail and cleverly disguises him to look like Magawisca. She is so pleasant that the guard, Barnaby Tuttle, doesn’t notice the deception. Hope and Magawisca escape from the jail and Everell meets them on their way to the river where Digby is waiting in a boat to take Magawisca anywhere she wishes to go. They say their goodbyes and Hope gives Magawisca the necklace that Everell had made for her while he was away so Magawisca will remember them both. Magawisca gets away safely. The Winthrops all realize that Hope is gone. Everell returns Hope to her home in what he believes will be the last time he sees her.
Esther has realized that Everell and Hope love each other and she decides to return to England for a few years and remain unmarried. As if to right the original wrong of separating William Fletcher from Alice, their children, Everell Fletcher and Hope Leslie, are finally united.
Publication history and response.
"Hope Leslie, or, Early Times in Massachusetts" was first published in two volumes in 1827. The book was Sedgwick's third novel. The book was successful and critics compared it to James Fenimore Cooper's "The Last of the Mohicans", another early American novel. The "North American Review" praised "Hope Leslie" as an example of "the female influence in literature", specifically its ability to influence positively, but warned against women authors who "have forgotten their sex".

</doc>
<doc id="6963357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963357" title="Saint Thomas Military Academy">
Saint Thomas Military Academy



</doc>
<doc id="6963360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963360" title="Frederik Melander">
Frederik Melander



</doc>
<doc id="6963363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963363" title="Samuel E. Watson">
Samuel E. Watson

Samuel E. Watson (died 17 November 1847) was an officer in the U.S. Marine Corps who led troops during the Mexican–American War.
Watson held a rank of brevet lieutenant colonel in the Marines during the Mexican War. He commanded a Marine battalion that reinforced the army of Winfield Scott shortly before the Battle for Mexico City. (Watson had served under Winfield Scott in 1813 and was a veteran Marine.) Watson and his men were attached to the 4th Division under Brig. Gen. John A. Quitman. During the critical attacks on Chapultepec Castle on September 13, 1847, Watson showed little initiative, and many of his Marines missed the crucial action, waiting in reserve in a defilade for attack orders that never came. Shortly after the fall of Mexico City to the Americans, Watson died of natural causes.

</doc>
<doc id="6963364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963364" title="Never Mind The Buzzcocks">
Never Mind The Buzzcocks



</doc>
<doc id="6963367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963367" title="The Modern Sinner Nervous Man">
The Modern Sinner Nervous Man

The Modern Sinner Nervous Man is an EP album by the Constantines. It was released April 16, 2002 on the Suicide Squeeze record label.
Track listing.
artwork done by Peter Gazendam

</doc>
<doc id="6963370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963370" title="Atlantic weasel shark">
Atlantic weasel shark

The Atlantic weasel shark ("Paragaleus pectoralis") is a weasel shark of the family Hemigaleidae, found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean. Also known as the little tiger shark, it is the only species of the genus "Paragaleus" to have been recorded off the western coast of Africa. It is one of four species of small sharks within the carcharhinoid genus "Paragaleus", including "Paragaleus leucolomatus" (whitetip weasel shark), "Paragaleus tengi" (straight-tooth weasel shark), and "Paragaleus randalli" (slender weasel shark). It also one of eight species within the weasel shark family, Hemigaleidae. It is currently considered by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) as Endangered.
Appearance and morphology.
This particular species of weasel shark is slender with a moderately long snout, large eyes, and a short and small mouth. It has small, serrated upper teeth and erect-cusped lower teeth. It is identified by its light grey color and longitudinal yellow stripes on the sides of the body. Of its two dorsal fins, the first fin, located in front of the pelvic fins, is larger than the second. In addition, it has asymmetric caudal fins with precaudal pits.
Range and habitat.
Common inshore and offshore along continental shelves of the eastern Atlantic, it can be found close to land in the surf zone from Mauritania to Angola. It is also commonly found in tropical to warm-temperate waters around the Cape Verde Islands, reaching depths of . It has been found in the following countries: Angola, Benin, Cameroon, Cape Verde, Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Liberia, Mauritania, Nigeria, Senegal, Sierra Leone, and Togo. However, its presence has also been recorded on one occasion off the east coast of the United States, close to New England.
Size and life cycle.
One of the smaller species of shark, the largest recorded adult Atlantic weasel shark measured only and weighed , which is believed to be their maximum size. Feeding primarily on cephalopods, including squid and octopuses, it display slow growth rates as well as late maturity in their lifespan. This shark is considered as a specialist feeder, preying on small bony fishes including soles and sardines in addition to cephalopods. Mating season for this species occurs from March to May, while offspring are released from May to June. These sharks are viviparous and give birth to live young which develop inside the parent's body with a yolk-sac placenta. It gives birth to 1 to 4 pups per litter, averaging in in length. While males mature at in length, females may mature between and in length.
Relationship with humans.
Atlantic weasel sharks are a common catch of small commercial fisheries in the eastern Atlantic and are mostly captured during spring and summer in fishing sites along the coast of Senegal. Atlantic weasel sharks are caught using a variety of fishing gear, such as longlines, hook and line, gillnets, and bottom trawls. As such, their meat is used either fresh or dried for human consumption and also processed into fishmeal. At the moment, there are no conservation efforts in place to protect this species because catch levels are neither quantified nor monitored.

</doc>
<doc id="6963376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963376" title="Qingdao Hua">
Qingdao Hua



</doc>
<doc id="6963379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963379" title="Bundesstraße 30">
Bundesstraße 30

The Bundesstraße 30 (abbreviated B30) is a highly frequented federal highway in Germany running through Upper Swabia in Baden-Württemberg from Ulm to Friedrichshafen on Lake Constance. It has a length of approximately 105 km (approximately 65 miles).
Course.
The B30 starts at Ulm, passing the cities of Laupheim, Biberach an der Riß, Bad Waldsee, Weingarten and Ravensburg, terminating at Friedrichshafen. Originally planned to continue to Günzburg and passing the motorway interchange at Neu-Ulm, this stretch has never been completed. The motorway junction at Neu-Ulm, however, has partially been completed.
The first 40 km (approximately 25 miles) from Ulm to Biberach are laid out as a dual carriageway.
From junction Biberach-South to Oberessendorf, the "Bundesstraße" 30 is a single lane road extended with an alternating extra lane for overtaking.
From Oberessendorf to Baindt the road is a single lane road. The only traffic lights on the whole route can be found in Gaisbeuren, north of Ravensburg.
A bypass of Ravensburg as dual-lange carriageway leads to the Southern parts of Ravensburg. The stretch of the original federal road between Baindt and Ravensburg has been downgraded to the status of a "Landesstraße", the L 313.
From Ravensburg to Friedrichshafen, the B 30 is again a single lane road.
History.
Originally designated as Württembergische Staatsstraße 49, during the re-numbering of the road network in 1932, it became Reichsstraße 30 with the maintenance being taken over by the Reichsstraßenverwaltung in 1934. Already in 1936, a bypass of Ravensburg was planned. Due to World War II, this was not built. Instead, in 1961, a bypass of Bad Waldsee was completed as a single lane carriageway.
In 1981, works started on the Ravensburg bypass which is almost complete except for a stretch to the south of Ravensburg.
Problems.
Lorries trying to avoid the motorway toll by using federal highways, have caused an increase of traffic on secondary roads. This has led to slow-moving traffic southbound from junction Biberach-South onwards. In case of road accidents, traffic frequently comes to a complete standstill. During the various holiday seasons, many motorists, trying to evade heavy traffic on the motorways nearby (A7 and A96), contribute, in conjunction with the increase in lorries, to additional congestion.
When in October 2004, major roads works were carried out between Enzisreute and Ravensburg, the importance of the B30 as a major traffic artery became apparent. Diversionary routes up to were necessary that had to split into two different routes. On the first day of the road works, there were traffic jams of more than at the exits leading to the diversions. On the diversions themselves, traffic collapsed completely at times. The road works enabled the inhabitants of Gasibeuren to measure the width of the B30, showing that the road in Gaisbeuren is up to wide.
Future.
Since 1963, the state of Baden-Württemberg aims in the long term to convert the B30 first into a motorway-like federal highway and consequently into the motorway A89.
At this point in time, only the stretch from Ravensburg-South to Friedrichshafen is included into the plans of the federal government. The road works for the extension from Ravensburg Süd to Meckenbeuren, started in 2013.
Except for the stretches just outside Ulm and between Ravensburg and Friedrichshafen, the part of the B30 between Bad Waldsee and Ravensburg counts the highest traffic density, where up to 22.000 vehicles each day were recorded. However, there are plans for a reconstruction of this stretch. These plans are currently only at an embryonic stage, with the only concrete planning being an extension at Enzisreute. Gaisbeuren is particularly badly affected by the intense traffic flow but plans for improvement are not as yet known. Any improvement will have to wait for at least 20 years.
Due to the extension of the road network in the former German Democratic Republic, funding for traffic projects in the state of Baden-Württemberg was cut severely. As a consequence, even the most basic maintenance work on the B30 could often not be carried out, due to the lack of financial resources.
Since then, the federal state of Baden-Württemberg has received more funding from the federal government for maintenance and extension work of the road system, which, however, are still quite modest.

</doc>
<doc id="6963383" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963383" title="Paragaleus pectoralis">
Paragaleus pectoralis



</doc>
<doc id="6963386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963386" title="Association of Track and Field Statisticians">
Association of Track and Field Statisticians

The Association of Track and Field Statisticians (ATFS) was founded in 1950. It is an international organization run by volunteers whose goal is to collect and disseminate the statistics of track and field athletics.
Foundation.
On 26 August 1950 at the Café de la Madeleine in the Rue de la Montagne, Brussels, Belgium, whilst attending the 1950 European Athletics Championships, the Association of Track and Field Statisticians was founded.
Two of the founding members, Roberto Quercetani and Donald Potts, had published in 1948 the first study of world all-time lists, A Handbook on Olympic Games Track and Field Athletics. Readers of this book were inspired to found an international association of track statisticians. One of the founding members, the Belgian journalist André Greuze, organised the first meeting on 26 August. One of the meeting's first acts was to elect Harold Abrahams as honorary president.
Founding members.
Note: two of the founders, Potts and Wünsche, were not actually present at the first meeting but are considered as founding members.
Yearbook.
The association has published an annual yearbook since 1951. The first edition was published in Lugano, Switzerland, titled "The 1951 A.T.F.S. International Athletic Annual". The editors were Fulvio Regli and Roberto Quercetani. It is an authoritative compilation of international athletics statistics and has been known as "The International Athletics Annual" and "The ATFS Annual". It is currently published under the title of "Athletics: The International Track and Field Annual" and its editor is Peter Matthews.
Roberto Quercetani.
Roberto Luigi Quercetani (known as RLQ to other track and field statisticians)was one of the eleven founding members of ATFS and was also its first president, remaining in the position for 18 years. He was also the editor of the first "ATFS Annual". and is a renowned historian and writer on athletics
Quercetani was born in Florence, Italy on May 3, 1922. He was interested in both foreign languages and athletics from an early age, his study in both helped by reading foreign newspapers sent by friends from Switzerland. After World War II, he served as a technical interpreter for the allied forces in Italy. Now fluent in English, French and German, he started writing articles for the foreign sporting publications "Leichathletik" of Germany, "World Sports" of the UK, and "Track and Field News" of the United States.
In 1948, he wrote his first athletics statistical publication (with Don Potts).
From 1951, Quercetani started as a long-time contributor to the Italian newspapers "La Gazzetta dello Sport" and "La Nazione".
In 1964 his first of many books on athletics was published: "A World History of Track and Field Athletics 1864-1964". He has since added a number of titles that cover the history of most of the events of athletics.
In 1994, he was founder member, and president until 1998, of the Archivo Storico Dell'Atletica Italiana "Bruno Bonomelli", an Italian non-profit-making cultural association dedicated to the history of Italian athletics.
In 2010, under the chairmanship of Mel Watman, Quercetani was invited, as an acknowledged industry expert, to help write the book to celebrate the 2012 centenary of the governing body of athletics, the IAAF.
In 2012, in acknowledgement of his life's achievements, Quercetani was awarded by the IAAF the IAAF Veteran Pin, their most important award.
Quercetani died on May 13, 2019, at the age of 97. He was survived by his wife Maria Luisa.
Don Potts.
Donald H. Potts was born December 13, 1921. A degree in physics and a doctorate in mathematics led to a creer in industry and academia, including being professor of mathematics at Cal State Northridge from 1965 to 1991.
An avid track fan from a young age, he and Roberto Quercetani compiled from 1948 the renowned annual world rankings in Track and Field News.
He was a co-founder of ATFS and of the Federation of American Statisticians of Track (with Scott Davis and Stan Eales).
He died November 1, 2001, in Santa Barbara, California.
Awards.
The World Athletics Heritage Plaque for (a) Legend, and (b) Culture was started in 2023. Winners were Roberto Luigi Quercetani and ATFS.
See also.
List of sports history organisations

</doc>
<doc id="6963390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963390" title="Americans for Fair Taxation">
Americans for Fair Taxation



</doc>
<doc id="6963398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963398" title="Oyonnax Rugby">
Oyonnax Rugby

Oyonnax Rugby () is a French professional rugby union club based in Oyonnax and competing in the Pro D2. Founded in 1949 and located in the Ain montainous department, the club plays its home matches at the 11,400-capacity Stade Charles-Mathon, the highest stadium in the league at and wears black and red jerseys. 
History.
They were founded in 1909 as "Club Sportif Oyonnaxien" and were renamed "Union Sportive Oyonaxienne" in 1940, as sports clubs were forced to unite by the Vichy régime. Oyonnax played in the regional leagues until 1967 when they joined the First Division (64 clubs). They were relegated to the lower divisions a few years later and bounced back to Group B of the First Division (the Second Division in fact) in 1988. Finally, in 2003 they reached the Fédérale 1 final and although they went down to Limoges (18-20), they moved on to the professional Pro D2. In the 2012/13 season, they won Pro D2 and were promoted to the top-flight Top 14. They were repromoted after 2016/17, having been relegated the previous season.
Current squad.
The Oyonnax squad for the 2024–25 season is: 

</doc>
<doc id="6963407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963407" title="Conquest of Kazan">
Conquest of Kazan



</doc>
<doc id="6963415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963415" title="Teddy roosevelt">
Teddy roosevelt



</doc>
<doc id="6963416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963416" title="A Pictorial Guide to the Lakeland Fells">
A Pictorial Guide to the Lakeland Fells



</doc>
<doc id="6963418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963418" title="The Jaffna Kingdom">
The Jaffna Kingdom



</doc>
<doc id="6963422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963422" title="Slender weasel shark">
Slender weasel shark

The slender weasel shark, "Paragaleus longicaudatus", is a weasel shark of the family Hemigaleidae. It is found in the western Indian Ocean, off Bahrain. It can grow up to a length of .
The slender weasel shark is a harmless Viviparous species, about which little is known.
Morphology.
The slender weasel shark is often mistaken for smaller sharks in the family Carcharhinidae and thus neglected in studies, however it is easy to identify morphologically.
The shark has distinctly narrow, strongly falcated pectoral fins, short gill slits, a wedge like snout, and small spiracles. A notable feature is on the underside of the shark’s head where two dusky stripes are found parallel to each other at the tip of the snout. 
Biology.
Little is known about "P. longicaudatus"' behaviour and its distribution. However, dissections of specimens suggests that its diet mainly comprises cephalopods. 

</doc>
<doc id="6963423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963423" title="In My Memory">
In My Memory

In My Memory is the debut studio album by Dutch DJ Tiësto. It was released on 15 April 2001 (see 2001 in music). This album featured the vocals of Jan Johnston, Nicola Hitchcock, and Kirsty Hawkshaw. Junkie XL produced "Obsession" on this album. This album produced four major hits that launched Tiësto's career: "Flight 643", "Obsession", "Lethal Industry" and "Suburban Train". A remix album was released later on and it charted #12 in the US Hot Dance Club Play.
Overview.
In 2001, Tiësto created a new sub-label, Magik Muzik, and released his first solo album, "In My Memory", which contained 5 major hits; "Lethal Industry", which was actually produced in 1999 and had only 3 copies released at that time, the track was officially released in 2001 which was remixed by Richard Durand in 2006 along with "Flight 643" which was another leading single that was later adapted with vocals by Suzanne Palmer and released as "643 (Love's on Fire)". Other tracks were "Obsession" in which Tiësto worked alongside Junkie XL, the instrumental tracks "Dallas 4PM" and "Suburban Train" with "Urban Train" as its vocal version. The last singles to be released were "In My Memory" which is the title track for the album as it only received high ratings in the United States and the opening track "Magik Journey" which opened Tiësto in Concert (2003). On 2 February 2002, Tiësto played nine consecutive hours during the second edition of the Dutch Dimension festival.
On 27 February, Tiësto was awarded a Zilveren ('Silver') Harp music award. The same year he also received a Lucky Strike Dance Award in the category Best DJ Trance/Progressive. In August he became part of Moby's Area2 Tour. For eighteen days he travelled through the United States with artists such as Moby himself, but also David Bowie and Busta Rhymes. In January 2003, Tiësto received the annual Dutch Popprijs ('Pop Award') during the Noorderslag festival. After touring with Moby, Tiësto remixed two songs from him, "We Are All Made of Stars" and "Extreme Ways" in the same year, having "We Are All Made of Stars" reach No. 13 in the Hot Dance Club Play. In 2002 he released his first "In Search of Sunrise" mix to feature a place on its name, "". On 28 March 2003; Tiësto, Dieselboy, Bad Boy Bill, and Noel Sanger joined the PlayStation 2 Dual Play tour. Tiësto and Noel's appearance began on 13 April and ended on 6 June.
His fame continued to increase for then known he has in the early 2000s, following his six-hour "Tiësto Solo" sets which he performed without other DJs or opening acts. This idea, of one DJ playing alone to a large crowd was new. Tiësto was the first DJ to hold a solo concert in a stadium; on 10 May 2003, he performed for 25,000 people in Arnhem's GelreDome, later called "Tiësto in Concert". He repeated the same type of concert the following year during two consecutive nights in late October. In addition to holding these two concerts for 35,000 of his fans, he held another concert for a crowd of 20,000 in Hasselt, Belgium the following week. DVDs of both his 10 May 2003 and 30 October 2004 concerts have been released, having the other DVD titled "Tiësto in Concert 2". The DVDs show the journey from the first idea to the main event, featuring live performances by Andain, Dinand Woesthoff, and Jan Johnston. The event includes live music and dancers performing at different times throughout the set.
Track listing.
All tracks produced by ghost producer Dennis Waakop Reijers, except "Obsession" produced by Tiësto and Junkie XL.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="6963435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963435" title="Industrial history of Cape Breton Island">
Industrial history of Cape Breton Island



</doc>
<doc id="6963436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963436" title="Paragaleus randalli">
Paragaleus randalli



</doc>
<doc id="6963444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963444" title="Crispy Critters">
Crispy Critters

Crispy Critters was a breakfast cereal manufactured by Post Cereals starting in 1963. The sweetened cereal, made of oats, consisted of animal-shaped pieces similar to animal crackers. Television commercials featured a cartoon lion, Linus the Lionhearted, voiced by Sheldon Leonard, with the slogan "The one and only cereal that comes in the shape of animals," sung to the tune of "Trepak" from Tchaikovsky's "The Nutcracker" ballet. The next year, Linus was spun off into a Saturday-morning cartoon show, which ran for two years on the CBS network, then rerun on the ABC network for three more until 1969. After a decline in popularity, the cereal was discontinued.
Post made an unsuccessful revival attempt of the cereal in 1987. This time, the commercials featured a puppet mascot named "Crispy" with pom-pom antennae, a pom-pom tail and a furry yellow body, resembling a moose. Crispy used an impersonation of Jimmy Durante including the nonsense phrase "Ah-cha-cha-cha". This puppet interacted with a child actor and was accompanied by smaller puppets that resembled the individual pieces of cereal. Together, these puppets spoke the cereal's tagline: "It's indubitably delicious."

</doc>
<doc id="6963450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963450" title="River Belah">
River Belah

The River Belah is a river in the county of Cumbria in England. Its name derives from the Old English word and means the "Roaring River".
The Belah is formed by the confluence of several small streams or "sikes" draining most of north and south Stainmore close to the border with County Durham and Yorkshire. It flows north west off the hillside as Bleaberry Beck and tumbles over many waterfalls before meeting the Stow Gill Becks and becoming the Belah. It then flows in a north westerly direction past Oxenthwaite where the river is swollen by Argill Beck at Field Head and the Powbrand Beck near Thorney Scale. Having washed by Brough Sowerby, the Belah combines its waters with those of the River Eden near to the village of Great Musgrave.
The Stainmore Railway crossed the river on the huge iron-girder lattice Belah Viaduct, before it was demolished in 1964. It was the highest bridge in England, at high.
Ecology.
The Belah is designated as having a moderate ecological status by the environment agency. The flow of the river has been sped up by dredging and widening and the river is prone to siltation and bank erosion.

</doc>
<doc id="6963451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963451" title="Åke Stenström">
Åke Stenström



</doc>
<doc id="6963453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963453" title="ITV (Apple product)">
ITV (Apple product)



</doc>
<doc id="6963454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963454" title="Giasone">
Giasone

Giasone ("Jason") is an opera in three acts and a prologue with music by Francesco Cavalli and a libretto by Giacinto Andrea Cicognini. It was premiered at the Teatro San Cassiano, Venice on 5 January 1649, during carnival. The plot is loosely based on the story of Jason and the golden fleece, but the opera contains many comic elements too.
"Giasone" was "the single most popular opera of the 17th century". It is rarely revived today, but has been performed by for example English Touring Opera (2013). Recordings include a 1988 version directed by René Jacobs with Michael Chance in the title role. A 2010 production by the Vlaamse Opera, with Christophe Dumaux in the title role, was released on DVD.
Synopsis.
Prologue.
Two mythological characters appear in the prologue: Sole (the sun, i.e. Apollo) and Amore (love, i.e. Cupid). Sole opens with an aria about the gloriousness of the day because Giasone (i.e. Jason) will set out leading his Argonauts on a quest to find the Golden Fleece - or so it is expected. Sole is also elated that Giasone will marry his descendant Medea and so he lets forth his brightest light. In the following recitative, Amore chides Sole because no one has asked her for permission for this marriage. She had intended that Giasone marry Queen Isifile of the Island of Lemnos: the two are already married and have had twin children. After Amore's aria, they argue over this problem for the remainder of the prologue without resolution and they intend to fight one another.
Act 1.
A recitative begins with the Argonaut Ercole (i.e. Hercules), who complains that Giasone has not awoken yet, even though the sun is shining. He is perturbed because Giasone has grown soft as a result of enjoying the pleasures of love with an unknown woman (actually Queen Medea incognito who has been meeting him this way at night for a year) and as a result he has been neglecting his duties. Captain Besso enters and tries to convince Ercole that all men have their vices and so he should not be too concerned. Ercole, being a man of honor, tells Besso that is too effeminate, to which Besso replies: "Of woman I was born." 
Giasone enters and sings the aria "Delizie, contenti" of his contentment in seeking sexual pleasure. Ercole admonishes him for neglecting to prepare for battle and the two discuss duty versus the pleasures of love. 
Medea is alone singing a strophic aria "Se dardo pungente" about the pain of desiring love. 
She is joined by Egeo (i.e. King Aegeus of Athens) and together they discuss their marriage, which Medea would like to terminate. Egeo is unable to deal with this and he asks Medea to kill him with a dagger. She refuses and leaves. Alone, Egeo laments over his lost love with the recitative "Si parte, mi deride?". 
Orestes introduces himself as Isifile's (Queen of Lemnos) spy in Colchis on a mission to get information about Giasone, but he is afraid of getting caught. Orestes meets the comic character Demo, who introduces himself to Orestes as a brave and handsome hunchback in the aria "Son gobbo, son Demo". After a lengthy conversation, Demo agrees to meet with Orestes and give him information about Giasone a later time. 
Delfa (Medea's nurse) sings the aria "Voli il tempo" about how she has renounced love in her old age. She notices that Giasone is approaching and tells Medea that this is her chance to talk to him. 
Giasone addresses Medea, who tells him she knows the identity of his night-time incognito lover and reproaches him for not living up to his duties as father of his twin children. She tells him to wait and she will return with the mother of his children. 
Alone, Giasone contemplates his situation (i.e. not knowing which lover has his children) while he waits for Medea to return. Medea returns (with Delfa) and she tells him that she herself is the unknown lover and mother of his children. Giasone is filled with joy upon learning this. Giasone and Medea leave Delfa alone, who wishes the couple well, but questions the virtue of having illegitimate children. 
In the countryside with huts near the mouth of the Ibero, Isifile is in a trance and singing the lament aria "Lassa, che far degg'io?" She desperately awaits Orestes return with information about Giasone, who she believes she has lost as a lover. 
Later Medea is in her magic chamber performing witchcraft and singing the aria "Dell'antro magico" in order to invoke Pluto (King of the Underworld) and ask him to protect Giasone while he is away seeking the Golden Fleece. A Chorus of Spirits responds to her call and they agree to help Giasone by giving him a magical ring. Ellen Rosand remarks that this is the most famous scene in Giasone. A dance concludes the act.
Act 2.
Isifile is waiting for Orestes to return. She is in such grief that she lays down to rest. Alinda (a Lady) then sings a cheerful aria "Per provo so" on the subject of finding new love as a cure for pain.
Orestes arrives and Isifile scorns him for having been absent and tempts him to kiss her, then falls asleep. Orestes sings the love aria "Vaghi labbri scoloriti" and decides to kiss her. She awakens her and tells him she burns for him, but then asks about Giasone. Orestes reports that Giasone no longer loves her, but has another lover in Colchis. Furthermore, he tells her that Giasone is planning to quest for the Golden Fleece and that his ship might have a chance to talk with him when his ship passes by. Isifile sings the aria "Speranze fuggite" interspersed with recitative considering her situation.
At the keep of the fortress with the golden fleece, Medea, Jason and Delfa arrive. Trumpet music and stile concitato gestures suggest the martial atmosphere. The combat between Giasone and the monster ("a proud horned beast") takes place. The strings make drum-like martial gestures in an instrumental sinfonia that accompanies the action.
After the combat, Medea ensures Giasone is not injured. Ercole advises him to leave soon because the people are rising against him for taking the Golden Fleece.
Demo arrives to observe and notes that Giasone is returning to the ships. He sings the comic aria "Con arti e con lusinghe" in which he scorns women for using their wiles and swears that he will never be fooled by their trickery by falling in love. He then reports to Egeo (King of Athens) that Giasone and Medea have fled with the Golden Fleece. Egeo realizes that Medea has left him for Giasone and he is mad with jealousy. He and Demo chase after them.
The scene changes to the Cavern of Aeolus. Here the gods Jove (i.e. Jupiter) and Aeolus resolve to create a storm to shipwreck Giasone so that he will return to Isifile in Lemnos. A Chorus of Winds responds to their commands.
Returning to earth to a demolished harbor and a storm at sea, Orestes and Alinda discuss Isifile's jealousy that has driven her to madness. They sing a duet "Sai, ch'io t'amo" and confirm their love for each other.
Demo and Orestes have a long discussion with Demo complaining about the storm and worries for his life. He reports while Egeo was pursuing Giasone in his tiny skiff he fell into the water and drowned. Moreover, the storm is forcing the Argonauts to land at Lemnos. Orestes will inform Isifile.
Giasone, Medea and the Argonauts (including Besso and Ercole) come ashore at Lemnos. The scene opens with a love duet "Scendi, o bella" by Giasone and Medea. In the recitative that follows, Ercole praises Giasone for having lived up to his manly duties while Medea defends his passionate love for her.
Orestes arrives and tells Giasone that Isifile is looking for him. Gisaone and Medea agree to meet with her, although Medea admits jealousy. She wants to know who Isifile is. Giasone makes up a story that she is a hussy and that he does not love her, but Medea remains skeptical.
Giasone and Medea meet with Isifile. She approaches Giasone, but he reassures Medea that he is not interested in her. Giasone humors Isifile's pleas for him to return. Isifile says that Giasone has given her a child, but Giasone denies that he ever loved her. Isifile's emotion switches from bliss to anger in this mad scene.
Besso again defends Giasone for seeking love in the aria "D'affeto sincero." Alinda answers with the trumpet aria "Quanti soldati" in which she rejoices the arrival of all the soldiers available for maidens of Lemnos as a result of the storm. Besso and Alinda then flirt with each other. When Besso tells Alinda that he is a soldier, she does not believe him because he has no wounds or scars. In the end, they agree to stop fighting and together sing the love duet "Non piu guerra" in trumpet aria/concitato style.
Act 3.
Set in a flowery glade, Besso and Delfa discuss Giasone's conflicting marriages to Medea and Isifile.
In a sleep scene, in which Medea and Giasone sing the duet "Dormi, dormi", they fall asleep in each other's arms after he tells her that he will dream of her beauty.
Besso finds Giasone and Medea sleeping with each other and feels some jealousy, for he too wants to find love. He sings the strophic aria "Non e pui bel piacer."
Isifile then arrives. She has been looking in vain for Giasone and has come to the glade to rest, but then she finds the two lovers sleeping. She awakens Giasone and they argue. Giasone is concerned that Medea will awaken and find him with Isifile. In fact, Medea has awoken but continues to feign sleeping so that she can overhear their conversation. Giasone promises to return the honor he has taken from Isifile. She does not believe him, but Giasone swears and gives her a kiss. Medea now rises and scorns Giasone for his disloyalty. To atone for this transgression, Giasone agrees to have Besso murder Isifile in an aside to Medea, who then leaves, pretending to allow Giasone to return to Isifile. Giasone then instructs Isifile to go in secret to meet Besso in the Valley of the Orseno and ask him if he has carried out his orders.
Giasone meets with Besso and tells him to go to the Valley of Orseno and wait for a messenger who will ask if he has carried out his orders. He instructs Besso to throw the messenger into the sea.
It is night in the countryside, and Egeo (dressed as a sailor) is with Demo (dressed as a peasant with a lantern). Egeo begins with the aria "Perch'io torni a penar" in which he complains about his miserable situation as a slave of unrequited love for Medea. Upon seeing Egeo, Demo, who had believed Egeo was dead, begs for mercy. 
Isifile, alone in a moonlit night, is joyful because she believes Giasone has returned to her and she sings the strophic aria "Gioite, gioite." She then starts her journey to the Valley of Orseno.
Orestes asks Isifile to return and feed her hungry twins. She does so, but then hurries on to the Valley of Orseno.
In the Valley of Orseno, Medea sings the strophic aria "L'armi apprestatemi" expressing her rage against her rival with stile concitato gestures. She awaits the forthcoming murder of Isifile, but Besso has not arrived yet.
Delfa arrives and asks Medea why she is so jealous and angered. She advises her that it doesn't matter whether Giasone has been faithful or not. She sings the comic aria "E follia" suggesting that lovers are never loyal to each other.
Besso and his soldiers arrive and, as they approach, Medea plans to ask him what has happened and approaches him. Besso asks her if Giasone has sent her and she says that he has. Medea then asks if he has carried out his orders. With this, Besso has the soldiers arrest her and throw her into the sea.
Isifile then meets Besso and also asks him if he has carried out his orders. Besso tells her to report that he "only kills one queen per day" so he will not carry out his orders. Isifile finds the message cryptic.
Egeo hears Medea and throws himself into the sea with her. 
Besso reports to Giasone that he has killed a queen but he does not specify a name. Giasone believes Besso means Isifile. Returning to Egeo and Medea in the sea, she refers to him as "my life" and mends the wounds between the two. Egeo plans to take revenge on Giasone for trying to kill Medea.
On an uninhabited place with ruins, Giasone speaks of his regret and grief because he believes he has killed Isifile at the request of the jealous Medea. He then faints. Egeo finds the unconscious Giasone and pulls out a dagger to kill him, but Isifile arrives and takes the dagger out of Egeo's hands.
When Besso's soldiers arrive Giasone orders him to arrest Egeo. Giasone realizes that Isifile is still alive and accuses Besso of disobeying his orders. Besso said that he had carried them out by killing Medea.
Medea shows up and, overhearing the conversation, calls Besso a liar. When he sees Medea alive, Giasone again thinks Besso is a traitor, but he proves otherwise: Medea confirms that Besso had arrested her and thrown her into the sea; and Isifile confirms that he told her that he "only kills one queen per day." Giasone notices the dagger and thinks Isifile has tried to kill him, but she said that she had wrested the dagger from a fugitive.
When Egeo arrives and says that it was he who tried to kill Giasone, Medea admits to having sent Egeo to do so in vengeance. Medea announces that she no longer loves Giasone, but prefers Egeo after all; moreover that Giasone should return to Isifile and scorns him for being unfaithful to her. Isifile laments and says goodbye, for she is dying but admits that she still loves Giasone even though he has killed her with his infidelity. Giasone asks for Isifile's forgiveness and tells Egeo and Medea to rejoice in their love. Isifile forgives him and they sing the love duet "Quanto son le mie gioie" to arrive at the standard Venetian happy ending. Right after, Alinda, Orestes, Delfa, and Demo providing their brief commentary on the joyful scene, followed by a brief duet (Medea and Isifile) and quartet (Isifile, Giasone, Medea and Egeo).
Musicological Issues.
Ellen Rosand remarks that by the mid-seventeenth-century Venetian public opera had developed a number of musical and dramatic conventions, several of which "Giasone" exhibits. For example: the three-act format, with the first act being the longest; dances conclude the first two acts; the Faustini "lieto fine" (happy ending) with concluding love duet; and an emotional climax with a lament. She notes that several aria and scene types had also been conventionalized by this point, and she notes that Giasone provides a model for several of them. 
For example, Delfa’s short aria “È follia” is a part of a comic scene (III.12). The same could be said for Demo’s aria "Son gobbo, son Demo" (I.6). 
Two trumpet arias with military connotations – based on Monteverdi’s "stile concitato" – are found in II.11: Alinda’s “Quanti Soldati” and Besso and Alinda’s “Non piu guerra”. The same scene has a conventional gratuitous reference to music which has not importance to the plot: Alinda and Besso’s “Ma quento piu” and a love duet: Alinda and Besso’s “Non piu guerra” (a mixed genre, it is also a trumpet aria). 
Two sleep scenes are also included. Sleep scenes can serve important dramatic functions. For example, in act 3, 2-4 Medea and Giasone sing “Dormi, dormi” and then fall asleep in each other's arms. Isifile arrives and wakes Giasone and begin a conversation. Here, sleep allows characters to reveal or gain information. For example, Besso reveals his innermost thoughts in secret nearby the couple and by feigning continued sleep, Medea is able to secretly listen to the discussion to gain information. In the second sleep scene (act 3, 16-17), Giasone has fainted and becomes vulnerable to attack. 
Medea’s “Dell'antro Magico” (act 1, 14) is an example of an invocation or "ombra" scene in which magic is used. Such scenes use a special kind of poetic meter called "sdrucciolo," which places an accent on the antepenultimate syllable. Such scenes also feature a chorus as the Chorus of Spirits that follows Medea’s chant. 
II.14 is mad scene (“Indietro rio canaglia”) in which Isifile has lost her sanity. Mad scenes can be traced to the character Licori in Giulio Strozzi's libretto La finta pazza Licori. Such scenes are characterized by a character's drastic emotional changes. Mad characters are "freed from the decorum of normal behavior." This particular scene is perhaps not the typical mad scene, for here Giasone portrays Isifile as insane to Medea in order to cover for his own actions. When Isifile appears, only Medea believes that she is mad. By the time the scene is over, Isifile does indeed become angry at Giasone and Medea. 
Finally, there are three laments in the opera. Isifile also has two laments: "Lassa, che far degg'io?" (aria/recitative, I.13) and “Infelice ch’ascolto” (recitative, III.21). Isifile’s lament (act 3-21) is of the type based on the Monteverdi’s "Arianna" (1608) model, in which several sections express various emotions. Towards the end, the lamenter typically curses the lover who has abandoned her (or him), only to repent and beg forgiveness. 
In addition to Isifile's laments, Egeo also laments that Medea has left him in I.4 with the recitative "Si parte, mi deride?" Susan McClary suggests that because the expression of emotion was more acceptable for seventeenth-century women than men, that lamentation was more acceptable for women than men. Moreover, a male character that laments has somehow been musically emasculated.
"Giasone"'s mythological characters and plots are typical of early Venetian opera. Such subject matter could be used for political purpose by the creators of libretti, many of whom were members of Academia degli Incogniti (“Academy of the Unknown”), a group of libertine, skeptical, and often pessimistic thinkers in Venice at the time when "Giasone" was produced. Often, these plots were modifies to reinforce inequitable gender roles or question authorities, most notably the Catholic Church and especially the Incogniti’s ultimate rivals, the Jesuits. 
The character Giasone was originally cast for a castrato. Susan McClary notes that, in this particular opera, this choice raises some gender issues. She argues that the singer type (e.g. bass, tenor, castrato, alto and soprano) each had certain associations. For example, a bass voice was generally used for an authoritarian or powerfully masculine figure. For example, a character such as Ercole who has as sense of responsibility and obligation to duty would be cast as a bass role. By contrast, Giasone is a youthful, attractive character more concerned with the sensual pleasures of love than any sort of duty, whether it be questing for the Golden Fleece or duties as husband and father. Such a character who shirks responsibility would be considered “effeminate” by seventeenth-century Venetian standards. Because castrati have a youthful appearance due to lack of secondary sexual characteristics, they could easily slip into such a role. Thus, they could play characters with erotic appeal and it would have been acceptable to the seventeenth-century Venetian audience for such characters to have irresponsible sexual relations during the course of the drama. McClary notes that Giasone sings the aria “Delizie contenti” upon entering in II.2, thus declaring he is a character of this “effeminate” type: youthful, attractive, androgynous, pleasure-seeking, and lacking a sense of duty. She stresses that such a character would not have been considered a good role model for masculine behavior at the time and place of the opera’s first performance.

</doc>
<doc id="6963455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963455" title="List of film remakes (A–M)">
List of film remakes (A–M)

This is a list of film remakes. Excluded in this list are films that are based on the same source material. For example, the 1962 version of "Mutiny on the Bounty" is not a remake of the 1935 film; both are based on the novel "Mutiny on the Bounty". Reboots are also omitted.
This list is ordered by the title of the original film, inasmuch as there can be multiple remakes.

</doc>
<doc id="6963464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963464" title="Twilight of the Mind">
Twilight of the Mind



</doc>
<doc id="6963476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963476" title="List of film remakes (N–Z)">
List of film remakes (N–Z)

This is a list of film remakes. Excluded are films based on the same source material. For example, the 1962 version of "Mutiny on the Bounty" is not a remake of the 1935 film; both are based on the novel "Mutiny on the Bounty". Reboots are also omitted.
This list is ordered by the title of the original film, inasmuch as there can be multiple remakes.

</doc>
<doc id="6963479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963479" title="All St. Day">
All St. Day



</doc>
<doc id="6963484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963484" title="Vasak I Mamikonian">
Vasak I Mamikonian

Vasak I Mamikonian (died ) was an Armenian military officer from the Mamikonian family, who occupied the hereditary office of "sparapet" (generalissimo) of the Kingdom of Armenia under the Arsacid king Arshak II (reigned c. 350–367/8). According to the "Buzandaran Patmut‘iwnk‘", which may have been composed , Vasak was known for playing a disruptive role between Arshak II and the Sasanian monarch Shapur II (309–379), and for orchestrating many Armenian victories over the Sasanian army. Vasak was put to death in by Shapur following the capture of Arshak.

</doc>
<doc id="6963485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963485" title="Counting Off the Days">
Counting Off the Days



</doc>
<doc id="6963490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963490" title="Crowning of a Heart">
Crowning of a Heart



</doc>
<doc id="6963495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963495" title="Sunsetriders">
Sunsetriders



</doc>
<doc id="6963496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963496" title="Straight-tooth weasel shark">
Straight-tooth weasel shark

The straight-tooth weasel shark, "Paragaleus tengi", is a weasel shark of the family Hemigaleidae, found in the tropical western Pacific Ocean. It can reach a length of .
"Paragaleus tengi" is distinctive for its color and size. Specifically, its solid grey dorsal (upper) color, short snout, and 2–3 rows of lower teeth are a few of the characteristic traits that aid in distinguishing between this species of shark and others, like the "Paragaleus pectoralis" (White &amp; Harris, 2013).
The reproduction of this shark is viviparous.

</doc>
<doc id="6963502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963502" title="Paragaleus tengi">
Paragaleus tengi



</doc>
<doc id="6963504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963504" title="Bartoszyce County">
Bartoszyce County

Bartoszyce County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland, on the border with Russia. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Bartoszyce, which lies north of the regional capital Olsztyn. The county contains three other towns: Górowo Iławeckie, west of Bartoszyce, Bisztynek, south of Bartoszyce, and Sępopol, east of Bartoszyce.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 57,642, out of which the population of Bartoszyce is 23,482, that of Górowo Iławeckie is 3,951, that of Bisztynek is 2,370, that of Sępopol is 1,958, and the rural population is 25,881.
Neighbouring counties.
Bartoszyce County is bordered by Kętrzyn County to the east, Olsztyn County to the south, Lidzbark County to the south-west and Braniewo County to the west. It also borders Russia (Kaliningrad Oblast) to the north.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (two urban, two urban-rural and two rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="6963505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963505" title="Powiat of Bartoszyce">
Powiat of Bartoszyce



</doc>
<doc id="6963506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963506" title="Ursa Minor Cave">
Ursa Minor Cave



</doc>
<doc id="6963508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963508" title="The Red Devils">
The Red Devils



</doc>
<doc id="6963511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963511" title="Liberty bodice">
Liberty bodice

The liberty bodice (Australian and British English), like the emancipation bodice or North American emancipation waist, was an undergarment for women and girls invented towards the end of the 19th century, as an alternative to a corset. 
In the United Kingdom they were well known for decades, with some older women still using them in the 1970s. A liberty bodice was a simply shaped sleeveless bodice, often made of warm, fleecy fabric, usually with suspenders (US garters) attached. It might be straight or slightly curvy, and sometimes had buttons to fasten on other underwear: drawers (knickers or US panties) or petticoat/slip. A vest (US undershirt) might be worn underneath. The bodices had no boning, unlike corsets, although some had firm cloth strapping which might encourage good posture.
While some writers discuss liberty bodices as a restrictive garment imposed on children, these bodices were originally intended to "liberate" women from the virtually universally worn, highly structured corsets that were the norm of contemporary fashion. These new undergarments derived from the Victorian dress reform Movement, which aimed to free women from what they saw as body-compressing corsetry and excessive layers of underclothing. The concept was related to the Women's Emancipation Movement, but in practice some of the early liberty bodices in the UK were advertised for maids who would be freer to get on with their work without a constricting corset. Later the liberty bodice came to be thought of as something practical for a child who could be buttoned up warmly.
Liberty bodices are commonly associated with R. &amp; W. H. Symington of Market Harborough, Leicestershire, but the name had already been used before they made their first bodice: a version for girls aged 9–13 was sold for one shilling and ninepence-halfpenny in 1908. The name has also been used for products from other manufacturers or for home-made garments.

</doc>
<doc id="6963513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963513" title="Weasel shark">
Weasel shark



</doc>
<doc id="6963514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963514" title="Umbria International Airport">
Umbria International Airport



</doc>
<doc id="6963520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963520" title="Hurricane Florence 2006">
Hurricane Florence 2006



</doc>
<doc id="6963521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963521" title="Umbria Airport">
Umbria Airport



</doc>
<doc id="6963522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963522" title="The Reds">
The Reds



</doc>
<doc id="6963531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963531" title="Civil War Campaigns">
Civil War Campaigns



</doc>
<doc id="6963536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963536" title="French frigate Africaine (1798)">
French frigate Africaine (1798)

Africaine was one of two 40-gun s of the French Navy built to a design by Raymond-Antoine Haran. She carried twenty-eight 18-pounder and twelve 8-pounder guns. The British captured her in 1801, only to have the French recapture her in 1810. They abandoned her at sea as she had been demasted and badly damaged, with the result that the British recaptured her the next day. She was broken up in 1816.
French service.
"Africaine" was commissioned on 14 September 1799 under "Capitaine de frégate" Magendie. In 1800, she sailed to Saint-Domingue transporting government officials and army officers, arriving in late April or early May. She later sailed from Rochefort with to try to resupply the French forces in Egypt. She was carrying ordnance, stores and 400 soldiers to Napoleon's army in Egypt.
At the action of 19 February 1801, , under Captain Robert Barlow, captured "Africaine" east of Gibraltar. "Phoebe", which had the weather gage, overtook "Africaine" and engaged her at close range, despite the French soldiers, who augmented the frigate's guns with their musket fire. "Phoebe"s guns inflicted more than 340 casualties on "Africaine" before she struck at 9:30PM. The Royal Navy took her into service as HMS "Africaine".
British service: the English Channel.
"Africaine" was commissioned under Commander J. Stewart in April. Then in July Captain Stevenson took command, only to be replaced in September by Captain George Burlton. On 31 January 1802 she arrived in Portsmouth from Malta and sailed again to Chatham on 7 February to be paid off before being re-fitted. She arrived in at Deptford on 17 February 1802 for refitting.
In November Captain Thomas Manby took command, though "Africaine" was not yet ready. When Earl St. Vincent gave Manby the appointment St. Vincent said that he did not like to see an active officer idle on shore. He had a point as while Manby was waiting for the vessel to be ready Lady Townshend presented him to Caroline, the Princess of Wales, who became friendly towards him. Rumours abounded that the Princess became too familiar with Manby and that Manby was even the father of one of her children. An investigation followed during which Manby swore an affidavit on 22 September 1806 that the rumours were "a vile and wicked invention, wholly and absolutely false".
"Africaine" was commissioned at Deptford for the North Sea in 1803. On his way to the Nore, Manby stopped at Gravesend where he landed a press gang. Between midnight and sunrise they garnered 398 seamen. From the Nore she sailed to Hellevoetsluis where there were two French frigates; "Africaine" maintained a blockade there for two years until the French dismantled the frigates.
One day while "Africaine" was maintaining this blockade, the French general at Scheveningen had four boys shrimping in "Africaine"s jolly boat fired upon. Manby immediately seized sixty fishing boats that he then sent to Yarmouth. This cost The Hague its supplies of fish for some weeks. At the end of June, 34 French fishing boats came into Portsmouth that were prizes to "Africaine" and .
Also, on 20 July 1803, "Africaine"s First Lieutenant, William Henry Dillon, landed at Hellevoetsluis in a boat from under a flag of truce. The Dutch commodore there detained Dillon until men from could take him prisoner. Dillon caught a fever that almost killed him while he was on board "Furieuse"; when he was well again the French transferred him to their prison camp at Verdun. There he remained until September 1807 when he was exchanged.
On 1 August 1803 a lightning strike on the foremast killed one man and injured three others. Manby sailed from Yarmouth on 4 October 1804 to deliver Rear Admiral Thomas Macnamara Russell out to , one of the vessels of the British flotilla watching the Dutch fleet at Texel. Manby returned on 7 October with Rear Admiral Edward Thornbrough. While she was serving in the blockade off Texel, a gale caused part of "Africaine"s rudder to break off, which then damaged the stern post. had to escort "Africaine" to Yarmouth, where winds almost drove "Africaine" ashore; her crew had to cut away all her masts to save her.
On 31 December a court martial took place in Sheerness on "Africaine" to try Captain the Honorable John Colville, the officers and ship's company of for the loss of their ship off Texel on 19 November.
In mid June, 1804 "Africaine" captured several Dutch fishing vessels off Helvoetsluys. Much to Manby's surprise he found some members of the Dutch crews to be from Faversham in Kent. Manby arrested one of the Englishmen, the master of one of the vessels, and promptly handed him over to the Secretary of State's Office, for examination in England.
On 11 November 1804, , together with "Eagle", , , , "Africiane", , , and the hired armed vessels and "Agnes", shared in the capture of "Upstalsboom", H.L. De Haase, Master.
In May 1805 "Africaine" was on the Irish Station. She was then re-fitted at Sheerness and escorted a large convoy to the West Indies on 19 June 1805, calling at Suriname, Demerara, and various islands. When she arrived in Barbados her crew of 340 men were all healthy. Then Sir Alexander Cochrane had her return to England with invalids from the hospitals in Barbados as passengers. Within two days of leaving Barbados, yellow fever broke out on board "Africaine". The surgeon and the assistant surgeon died on the second day; Manby himself carried out their duties dispensing, large doses of calomel on the advice of a doctor at St Kitts. Manby had an attack of the fever and it affected his subsequent health. In all, fever killed one third of the crew of 340 men during the six weeks it took to reach Falmouth. "Africaine" spent almost six weeks in quarantine off the Scilly Islands. She then was taken out of commission at Sheerness.
In early 1807, "Africaine" fitted out at Chatham. Later, at Plymouth, Captain Richard Raggett took command. On 5 July 1807 "Africaine" sailed from England with General Lord William Cathcart to Swedish Pomerania where King Gustavus was defending his territory against an invading French army. Cathcart would take command of the land-forces for the forthcoming siege and bombardment of Copenhagen.
"Africaine" arrived at the island of Rügen on 12 August where she joined Admiral Gambier's fleet for the attack on Copenhagen. "Africaine"s boat operated as part of the advanced squadron and had one man wounded in an action on 23 August. As part of the capitulation, the Danes surrendered their fleet. A prize crew from "Africaine" took the captured Danish frigate into the Medway.
By 24 December she was at Madeira, having accompanied Sir Samuel Hood there. The British occupation was a friendly affair and the garrison surrendered without resistance on 26 September.
On 11 January 1808 "Africaine" captured the Spanish felucca "Paloma". "Africaine" then sailed to the Baltic to serve under Vice-Admiral Sir James Saumarez.
East Indies: capture and recapture.
In spring 1810, "Africaine" had returned to Plymouth from Annapolis after having delivered Mr. Jackson, the British ambassador to the United States. During this period the crew threatened mutiny when informed that Captain Robert Corbet, who had a reputation for brutality, was to take command of "Africaine". The Navy quickly suppressed the incipient mutiny and "Africaine" sailed for the East Indies with Corbet in command. During the voyage Corbet reportedly failed to train his men in the accurate and efficient use of their cannon, preferring to maintain the order and cleanliness of his ship than exercise his gun teams.
After the Battle of Grand Port, which was a disaster for the British, Commodore Josias Rowley sent urgent messages to Madras and Cape Town requesting reinforcements. The first to arrive were "Africaine" and HMS "Ceylon", both of which were sailing alone.
"Africaine" was still on her way from England to Madras when on 9 September she stopped at the island of Rodrigues to replenish her water. There she heard of the debacle. By 11 September she had arrived off the Isle de France (now Mauritius) where she sent her boats in shore to find a passage through the reef with a view to capturing a French schooner. The boats' crews succeeded in boarding the vessel, which turned out to be French dispatch vessel No. 23, but had to abandon it in the face of fire from soldiers on shore that killed two men and wounded 16. "Africaine" then sailed for the Île de Bourbon, which Corbett had learned was in British hands and where Rowley was located to drop off the casualties. "Africaine" arrived on 12 September and then sailed that evening in pursuit of some French vessels that had been sighted.
Next day and captured "Africaine" in the action of 13 September 1810. She had been sailing with , , and trailing some distance behind. When she chased the French frigates and the brig "Entreprenante" early on the morning of 13 September, she outdistanced her companions, with unfortunate results. Early in the battle a shot took off Corbet's foot and his crew took him below decks. "Africaine" fought on under her remaining officers with First Lieutenant Joseph Crew Tullidge having taken command. After about two hours, with Tullidge having suffered four wounds, she struck.
"Africaine" had 295 men and boys aboard, including 25 soldiers from the 86th Regiment. In all, "Africaine" lost 49 men killed and 114 wounded. The French took Tullidge and about 90 survivors prisoner and conveyed them to Mauritius where they remained until the British took the island in December. The French lost nine killed and 33 wounded in "Iphigénie" and one killed and two wounded in "Astrée".
The next day "Boadicea" and her two companions recaptured "Africaine". Because she was dismasted and damaged the French did not try to tow her. Also, "Astrée" had to take "Iphigénie" into tow. "Africaine" still had 70 of her wounded and some 83 uninjured of her crew aboard, as well as a ten-man French prize crew.
By the time the British had recaptured "Africaine" Corbet was dead; he had died some six hours after his foot was amputated. Later, rumours circulated that he had committed suicide because of the dishonour of defeat, or that members of the crew had killed him. From the amount of shot that was still on the vessel there was also reason to suspect that the crew had stopped shooting the cannons after the first few broadsides, perhaps in protest against Corbet. Regardless, a court martial on 23 April 1811 honorably acquitted the surviving officers and crew of the "Africaine" for the loss of their ship. In August Tullidge received a promotion to Commander.
The French also captured "Ceylon", but "Boadicea" quickly retook her too. Rowley was able to seize Jacques Hamelin and his flagship at the action of 18 September 1810.
To get "Africiane" ready for sea again, Bertie appointed Lieutenant Edward Lloyd of "Boadicea" to supervise the repairs. To give "Africiane" new masts, Lloyd took a recaptured East Indiaman and salvaged her lower masts, yards and sails. On 14 December she sailed again with an ad hoc crew made up of 30 sailors, a company from the 87th. Regiment instead of marines, and some 120 blacks recruited from plantations on the island. During the subsequent Invasion of Isle de France, "Africaine", under Captain Charles Gordon, late of "Ceylon", was Vice Admiral Bertie's flagship.
She arrived in Portsmouth on 21 March with Vice Admiral Bertie.
East Indies again, and return to England.
In July 1811 Capt. Brian Hodgson took command, only to be replaced the next month by Captain Edward Rodney, whose appointment was dated September 1810. On 26 November 1811 Rodney and "Africaine" sailed for the East Indies again.
On 28 August 1813, Rodney sent in boats to take the "Annapoorny", a merchant vessel belonging to Prince of Wales Island that the King of Acheen had seized and which claimed to be British. Some correspondence between Rodney and the King had preceded the seizure, and afterwards the King entertained the lieutenant in charge of the cutting out party and Richard Blakeny. The King was a relatively young man and had a few years earlier served for three years as a midshipman on .
In May 1815, "Africaine" and the brig were escorting six East Indiamen from Ceylon to England. One of the vessels was the ill-fated , which got separated from the convoy and was wrecked on the coast of South Africa with the loss of 372 lives. When "Africaine" returned to Portsmouth on 6 December 1815, only 42 of her original crew of 350 were still on board.
Earlier in 1815, James Cooper and three of his shipmates were publicly court martialed, then hanged on 1 February 1816 following their being found guilty of sodomy on board the ship. Two other members of her crew received a flogging for deviant sexual behavior.
Fate.
"Africaine" was broken up at Deptford in September 1816.
Further reading.
HMS "Africaine" features prominently in "The Mauritius Command" by Patrick O'Brian.

</doc>
<doc id="6963537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963537" title="Adrian Baker">
Adrian Baker

Adrian Baker (born 18 January 1951) is an English singer, songwriter, and record producer.
Career.
Baker made his debut as a singer on Magnet Records/Epic Records in the United Kingdom. In 1975, he released his first solo album, "Into a Dream" (MAG 5009). From that album, he had one hit with "Sherry" a cover of the Four Seasons hit on the UK Singles Chart reaching No. 10 in July 1975, and performed several times on the BBC Television's "Top of the Pops" programme. As a record producer, Baker is known for his dance hit productions with the group Liquid Gold.
He twice attempted to write the UK's entry for the Eurovision Song Contest, reaching the "" final in both 1979 and 1981. His first finalist song, "Miss Caroline Newley", performed by the band M Squad finished 11th of the 12 in 1979. But in 1981, his song "Don't Panic", performed by Liquid Gold, finished in second place and had the rare distinction of being a losing song from the "A Song For Europe" contest to make the UK Singles Chart, reaching No. 42.
Baker, with his band Gidea Park, recorded a version of the Beach Boys "California Girls" for the James Bond film, "A View to a Kill". It was featured in the opening sequence with Bond snowboarding. It has been suggested that this teaser sequence helped initiate interest in snowboarding.
In the United States, he is best known for being the falsetto voice for the touring Beach Boys band from 1981 to 1982, 1990 to 1993, and 1998 to 2004. Baker was also a member of The Four Seasons with Frankie Valli from 1994 to 1995. In 2006, Baker released his sixth solo album, "Runaway Tracks".
On 19 March 2011, Baker was presented with the Key to the City of Hickory, North Carolina, for his efforts raising money for education. Baker was Honorary Chairman of the Hickory Rotary Club's Rotarian Idol Education Scholarship competition for the second consecutive year. He is currently touring with the band Papa Doo Run Run.
Chart information.
With Liquid Gold.
"All songs produced, arranged, written, and engineered by Adrian Baker"

</doc>
<doc id="6963541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963541" title="San Torum High School">
San Torum High School



</doc>
<doc id="6963544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963544" title="Apple TV">
Apple TV

Apple TV is a digital media player and a microconsole developed and marketed by Apple. It is a small piece of networking hardware that sends received media data such as video and audio to a TV or external display. Its media services include streaming media, TV Everywhere–based services, local media sources, sports journalism and broadcasts.
Second-generation and later models function only when connected via HDMI to an enhanced-definition or high-definition widescreen television. Since the fourth-generation model, Apple TV runs tvOS with multiple pre-installed apps. In November 2019, Apple released Apple TV+ and the Apple TV app.
Apple TV lacks integrated controls and can only be controlled remotely, through a Siri Remote, iPhone or iPad, Apple Remote, or third-party infrared remotes complying with the fourth generation Consumer Electronics Control standard.
Background.
Before the Apple TV, Apple made a number of attempts to create TV-based devices. In 1993, Apple released the Macintosh TV in an attempt to enter the home-entertainment industry. The device had a 14-inch CRT screen and a TV tuner card. It was not a commercial success, with only 10,000 sold before its discontinuation in 1994. That year, the company developed the Apple Interactive Television Box, a collaboration with BT Group and Proximus Group that was never released to the public. Apple's final major attempt before the Apple TV was the Apple Pippin in 1990s, a combination home game console and networked computer, which did not do too well either, only selling around 42,000 units.
Models.
First generation.
At a September 2006 Apple special event, Apple announced the first-generation Apple TV. It was originally announced as "iTV" to fit into their "i"-based product naming convention, but was renamed "Apple TV" before launch due to a trademark dispute with British broadcasting network ITV, which threatened legal action against Apple. Pre-orders began in January 2007 and it was released in March 2007. It is based on a Pentium M processor and ran a variant of Mac OS X Tiger, and included a 40 GB hard disk for storing content. It supported output up to 720p on HDTVs via HDMI, and supported some standard definition televisions via component video. At launch, Apple TV required a Mac or Windows-based PC running iTunes on the same network to sync or stream content to it.
A model with a 160 GB hard drive was released in May 2007. The 40 GB version was discontinued in September 2009. In January 2008, it became a stand-alone device through a software update, which removed the requirement of iTunes syncing from separate computer, and allowed for media from services such as iTunes Store, MobileMe, and Flickr to be rented or purchased directly on the Apple TV.
In July 2008, Apple released the software 2.1 update, which added external recognition of iPhones and iPod Touches as alternative remote control devices to the Apple Remote. In September 2015, Apple discontinued iTunes support for the first-generation Apple TV, with accessibility being obstructed from such devices due to obsolete security standards.
The first generation Apple TV can be modified into a makeshift Intel Mac Mini, with a USB boot disk image being available online, and an install to the inbuilt hard drive possible by flashing the image to the hard drive through the USB booted disk. The device is not easily used unless a USB hub is installed, due to it only having one USB port.
The first generation Apple TV has a 1 GHz Intel Pentium M CPU, and 256 MB of RAM. Neither the CPU or RAM can be upgraded without soldering, as both are soldered onto the motherboard. The device has one HDMI interface, one USB port, one 10/100 base T Ethernet port, and a Component video interface. Due to its thermal management design utilizing the upper case as a passive heat sink, the device gets warm when in use. A fan is used to cool the case, but it does not reach the CPU and is instead installed to cool the hard drive and installed power supply.
Second generation.
Apple released the second-generation Apple TV in September 2010. Based on the ARM-based Apple A4 chip
instead of an Intel x86 processor, it runs a variant of iOS. It is housed in a black enclosure and is one-quarter the size of the first-generation model. The device has 8 GB of flash storage for buffering, replacing the internal hard drive in the first-generation model. It supports output up to 720p via HDMI and does not support standard definition televisions.
In conjunction with its release, Apple renamed AirTunes to AirPlay, with support for streaming video from iPhones, iPads, and Macs to Apple TV.
Third generation.
At a March 2012 Apple special event, Apple announced the third-generation Apple TV. Externally identical to its predecessor, it includes an A5 chip with one core deactivated and supports 1080p video output. It also allows remote access to HomeKit devices.
Apple quietly released a "rev A" of the hardware in March 2013. It uses a single-core variant of the A5 chip and draws less power than the original third-generation model. Despite Apple's promise before the revision's launch that "the component changes... don't affect product features", in September 2014, Apple TV Software 7.0 introduced peer-to-peer AirPlay exclusively for the rev A model.
The third-generation Apple TV was discontinued in October 2016. In December 2017, Apple added support for Amazon Prime Video. The Apple TV app, bundled with Apple TV Software 7.3, was released in May 2019.
HD (originally fourth generation).
On September 9, 2015, Apple announced the fourth-generation Apple TV at an Apple special event. The fourth-generation model uses a new operating system, tvOS, with an app store, allowing downloads of third-party apps for video, audio, games and other content. It uses a 64-bit Apple A8 chip, and adds support for Dolby Digital Plus audio. It is taller but otherwise resembles the second- and third-generation models. The remote replaced the arrow button with swipe-to-select features, Siri support, a built-in microphone, volume control over HDMI CEC and IR, and an accelerometer (IMU).
Upon release, the third-party apps were available from a limited range of providers, with new APIs providing opportunities for more apps. New apps and games were initially required to interface with the new touchpad-enabled Siri remote, a requirement later relaxed for games.
The fourth-generation Apple TV started shipping in October 2015. Several unexpected problems, such as incompatibility with iTunes Remote app for iOS and watchOS, were fixed by Apple in tvOS 9.1 on December 8, 2015.
On September 13, 2016, Apple released tvOS 10, bringing an updated remote app, single-sign on, and light-on-dark color scheme. tvOS 10 also introduced HomeKit support and allows it to function as a home hub, supporting controlling appliances remotely, granting guest access, and setting up automations.
After newer 4K versions of the Apple TV were released, Apple continued to sell the fourth-generation model as an entry-level option, rebranding it as the Apple TV HD in March 2019. On October 18, 2022, the Apple TV HD was discontinued after seven years on the market after the release of the 4K third-generation model.
4K (first generation).
At an Apple special event on September 12, 2017, Apple announced the Apple TV 4K, which supports 2160p output, HDR10, Dolby Vision, and includes a faster Apple A10X chip supporting HEVC hardware decoding. Support for Dolby Atmos with Dolby Digital Plus was added in tvOS 12. Following the announcement of the new models, the 64 GB version of the Apple TV HD was discontinued. Changes to the case include the addition of vents on the base, the removal of the USB-C port, and the addition of a tactile white ring around the Menu button on the included Siri Remote.
4K (second generation).
On April 20, 2021, Apple announced an updated Apple TV 4K with the A12 Bionic chip, support for high frame rate HDR, HDMI 2.1, and Wi-Fi 6. Its HDMI port supports ARC and eARC, which allows other sources plugged into the television to output audio through Apple TV, including to AirPlay speakers like HomePod. Like the HomePod mini, it has a Thread radio. It can pair with the ambient light sensor on iPhones with Face ID to optimize its color output, a feature that was also extended to older Apple TVs with tvOS 14.5. AirPlay supports high frame rate HDR playback, allowing videos shot on the iPhone 12 Pro in Dolby Vision 4K 60fps to be mirrored in full resolution. Following the announcement, the previous Apple TV 4K with an A10X chip was discontinued. tvOS 17 added FaceTime and support for Continuity Camera with a paired iPhone or iPad.
The model also comes with a thicker, redesigned Siri Remote with a circular touchpad with navigational buttons, as well as power and mute buttons. The remote does not include an accelerometer and gyroscope, which were present in the previous Siri Remote, making it incompatible with some games. The remote is compatible with previous generation tvOS-based Apple TVs and ships with an updated SKU of the Apple TV HD.
4K (third generation).
On October 18, 2022, Apple announced an updated Apple TV 4K with the A15 Bionic chip with a 5-core CPU (one high efficiency core disabled) and 5-core GPU, support for HDR10+, reduced weight and dimensions, and removed the "TV" text from the top of the unit, leaving only the Apple logo. It supports HDMI 2.1 QMS that allows a change of refresh rate without having a blank screen interruption. It comes in two configurations, a Wi-Fi-only model with 64 GB of storage, and a more expensive 128 GB model with Wi-Fi, Ethernet and a Thread radio. The included Siri Remote charges via USB-C instead of Lightning.
Features.
Apple TV allows consumers to use an HDTV with any Apple TV or a UHDTV with Apple TV 4K or later, to stream video, music, and podcasts as well as downloading apps and games from the tvOS App Store. The first, second, and third generations offered limited content that Apple had provisioned to work with Apple TV. These have now been discontinued in favor of the fourth generation Apple TV, with an OS based on iOS called tvOS, which lets developers create their own apps with their own interface that run on Apple TV. These include multimedia, music apps, and games.
Features of Apple TV include:
Accessibility.
Since tvOS and watchOS are based on iOS, they have inherited many of the accessibility features of iOS and macOS and are compatible with Apple's entire product line including the Apple Watch as a remote controller for the Apple TV. tvOS includes the Apple technologies of VoiceOver, Zoom, and Siri to help the blind and those with low vision. Pairing a Wireless keyboard with the tvOS on the Apple TV enables another accessibility feature that also is an incorporation of VoiceOver. When typing, VoiceOver mirrors with an audio voice, each character pressed on the keyboard and repeated again when it is entered. The Apple TV HD and later can also work with the Apple Wireless Keyboard or the Apple Magic Keyboard.
Apple TV with and without tvOS supports closed captioning, so the deaf or hard of hearing can properly watch TV episodes and feature-length movies. Compatible episodes and movies are denoted with a CC (closed captioning) or SDH (Descriptive Audio) icon in the iTunes Store either on the Apple TV or in iTunes itself. The viewer can customize the captions in episodes or movies with styles and fonts that are more conducive to their hearing and/or visual impairment. Apple's Remote app on iOS devices allows control of the Apple TV from an iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch.
Restrictions.
Similar to Google's redesign of YouTube, Apple has restricted access to most viewed charts on movies and podcasts. They are replaced by "Top Movies", "Top Podcasts", and "Editor's Picks". Parental controls allow consumers to limit access to Internet media service content via "Restrictions" settings; individual services can be turned off (e.g., to reduce clutter), icons can be rearranged via the tap-and-hold technique "à la" iOS. Internet media is split into four categories: "Internet Photos", "YouTube", "Podcasts", and "Purchase and Rental". Each of the categories is configured by a parental control of "Show", "Hide" or "Ask" to prompt for a 4-digit PIN. In addition, movies, TV shows, music and podcasts can be restricted by rating.
Local sources.
Apple TV allows users on a computer running iTunes to sync or stream photos, music and videos. A user can connect a computer on a local network to maintain a central home media library of digitized CD, DVD or HD content, provide direct connectivity to photo organization software such as iPhoto, limit home video access to a local network only, play Internet radio, or preload content on Apple TV to be used later as a non-networked video player. For users who wish to connect the Apple TV to a computer, synchronization and streaming modes are supported. Apple TV in synchronization mode works in a way similar to the iPod. It is paired with an iTunes library on a single computer and can synchronize with that library, copying all or selected content to its own storage. Apple TV need not remain connected to the network after syncing. Photos can be synced from iPhoto, Aperture, or from a folder on a Mac, or Adobe Photoshop Album, Adobe Photoshop, or from a hard disk folder in Windows.
Apple TV can also function as a peer-to-peer digital media player, streaming content from iTunes libraries and playing the content over the network. First-generation Apple TVs can stream content from up to five computers or iTunes libraries. Also, five Apple TVs can be linked to the same iTunes library. The second-generation Apple TV onwards allows users to stream content from more than one iTunes library: these additional iTunes libraries can be on the same or on different computers. This is possible when Apple TV and every iTunes library from which you want to stream content meet all of the following conditions: (1) the Apple TV and the iTunes library you are streaming from are both on the same local network, (2) each uses the iTunes "Home Sharing" feature, and (3) each are using the same "Home Sharing" Apple ID. Apple TV HD and newer can also stream content locally using third-party apps such as Plex, Kodi, VLC media player, Emby and MrMC.
Supported formats.
Apple TV natively supports the following audio, video, and picture formats (although with the Apple TV HD and later, apps may use alternative built-in software in order to play other codecs and formats, e.g. Emby, MrMC, VLC media player, Kodi and Plex):
Attempts to sync unsupported content to Apple TV will draw an error message from iTunes. The first- and second-generation Apple TV video output can be set to either 1080i or 1080p; this resolution is limited to the user interface and the viewing of photographs – all other content is simply upscaled to those resolutions. Those models cannot play 1080i or 1080p video content (e.g., HD camera video). The third- and fourth-generation Apple TV support 1080p video content. The Apple TV 4K, as the name suggests, supports 4K resolutions and HDR, including Dolby Vision. 4K content from sources such as iTunes can be played on a compatible 4K television set.
Apple offers AVC 1080p video content encoded at rates from 4 to 8 Mbps and HEVC 4K video encoded at rates up to 30 Mbps through iTunes and the TV app. In comparison, films on Blu-ray are 1080p H.264 or VC-1 video encoded at rates of up to 40 Mbit/s, while films on Ultra HD Blu-ray are 2160p HEVC video encoded up to 128 Mbit/s. Apple TV's audio chip supports 7.1 surround sound, and some high definition rentals from iTunes are offered with Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound. There is an Apple TV export option in QuickTime, which allows content in some formats that the device does not support to be easily re-encoded. Applications that use QuickTime to export media can use this; e.g., iMovie's Share menu, iTunes' advanced menu, and some third-party content conversion tools.
Connectivity.
Apple TV streams video through an HDMI cable (Type A) connected to the TV's HDMI port. Audio is supported through the optical or HDMI ports. The device also has a Micro-USB port, which is reserved for service and diagnostics. The device connects through Ethernet or Wi-Fi to the computer for digital content from the Internet and local networks. Apple TV does not come with audio, video or other cables, which must be acquired additionally as required. On the previous Apple TV, media files could be transferred directly onto the device by syncing with another computer. Once content was stored on the device's hard drive, Internet connectivity was no longer needed to view content. This is not the case with the later models, which do not have a hard drive for storing media.
The first-generation Apple TV had component video and RCA connector audio ports, both removed in the 2nd generation. The device does not have RCA/composite video or F/RF connectors, but can be tricked into outputting color via composite. Starting with the Apple TV HD, Apple removed the optical audio port. Apple also enhanced the HDMI port by adding support for HDMI. The 4th generation also removed the USB hardware port in favor of the reversible USB-C port and the 5th generation removed USB entirely.
AirPlay.
AirPlay allows iOS devices or an AirPort-enabled computer with the iTunes music player to send a stream of music to multiple (three to six, in typical conditions) stereos connected to an AirPort Express (the audio-only antecedent of Apple TV) or Apple TV. The AirPort Express' streaming media capabilities use Apple's Remote Audio Output Protocol (RAOP), a proprietary variant of RTSP/RTP. Using WDS-bridging, the AirPort Express can allow AirPlay functionality (as well as Internet access, file and print sharing, etc.) across a larger distance in a mixed environment of wired and up to 10 wireless clients. Speakers attached to an AirPort Express or Apple TV can be selected from within the "Remote" iPhone/iPod Touch program, allowing full AirPlay compatibility (see "Remote control" section below). A compatible Mac running OS X Mountain Lion or later can wirelessly mirror its screen to an Apple TV through AirPlay Mirroring while one running OS X Mavericks or later can also extend its display with AirPlay Display.
Remote control.
Apple TV can be controlled by many infrared remote controls or paired with the included Apple Remote to prevent interference from other remotes. Either kind of remote can control playback volume, but for music only. The Apple Wireless Keyboard is supported on the second-generation Apple TV and later using the built-in Bluetooth. The consumer has the ability to control media playback, navigate menus and input text and other information. Third-party keyboards that use the Apple layout may also be compatible. On July 10, 2008, Apple released "ITunes Remote", a free iOS application that allows the iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPad to control the iTunes library on the Apple TV via Wi-Fi. The Apple Watch also has a remote app to control Apple TV. The Remote App was updated on September 13, 2016, to take advantage of all the features of the Apple TV 4. This includes Siri, Touchpad, and Home Buttons, along with a now playing screen.
On September 9, 2015, Apple announced the new Siri Remote for the fourth-generation Apple TV (Apple TV HD) (although in some territories, Apple have kept the name Apple TV Remote, due to Siri functionality not being enabled on it in that territory). It is a completely redesigned remote that features dual microphones for Siri support and a glass touch surface for navigation around the interface by swiping or tapping and scrubbing to fast forward or rewind. Also, it has a menu and home button, a Siri button to invoke Siri, a Play/Pause button, and a Volume Up/Down button to control the volume on the TV. The Siri Remote communicates with the Apple TV via Bluetooth rather than infrared, removing the requirement of a line-of-sight with the device. This new remote is only supported by the Apple TV HD and later and will not work with earlier generations.
Siri.
Beginning with the Apple TV HD, the remote includes two microphones and a button to activate Siri. Siri on the Apple TV has all of the functions of Siri on iOS 9; it can also respond to requests specifically for the TV. For instance, the viewer can ask Siri to search for a TV show or movie and it will search across multiple different sources to tell the user where the content is available to watch. It can also do things such as Play/Pause, Rewind/Fast Forward, skip back 15 seconds and temporarily turn on captioning when asked "what did he say?" or "what did she say?", open a specific app, and more.
Software.
First generation.
The original Apple TV ran a modified build of Mac OS X v10.4 Tiger.
Apple TV Software 1.0.
Apple TV software 1.0 presented the user with an interface similar to that of Front Row. Like Front Row on the Mac, it presents the user with seven options for consuming content. Movies, TV Shows, Music, Podcasts, Photos, Settings, and Sources. It was a modified version of OS x v10.4 Tiger.
Apple TV Software 2.0.
In February 2008, Apple released a major and free upgrade to the Apple TV, labelled "Take Two" (2.0). This update did away with Front Row and introduced a new interface in which content was organized into six categories, all of which appeared in a large square box on the screen upon startup (movies, TV shows, music, YouTube, podcasts, and photos) and presented in the initial menu, along with a "Settings" option for configuration, including software updates.
Apple TV Software 3.0.
In October 2009, Apple released a minor upgrade for the Apple TV called "Apple TV Software 3.0". This update replaced the interface in version 2.0 with a new interface that presented seven horizontal columns across the top of the screen for the different categories of content (Movies, TV Shows, Music, Podcasts, Photos, Internet, and Settings). This update also added features such as content filtering, iTunes Extras, new fonts, and a new Internet radio app. One new feature in particular was the 'Genius' playlist option allowing for easier and more user friendly playlist creating.
Second and third generation.
The 2nd and 3rd generation Apple TVs run a version of iOS, rather than the modified Mac OS X of the original model. The interface on Apple TV Software 4 is similar to that of previous versions, with only minor changes and feature additions throughout. In March 2012, Apple released a major new software update, with the Apple TV 3rd generation, labeled as Apple TV Software 5 (iOS 5.1), which shipped with the new 3rd generation Apple TV. This update completely revised the look of the home screen to make it resemble the icon grid seen on iOS. Instead of 7 columns, content and third-party channels are shown in a tiled grid format, which can be rearranged. Throughout the years, for Apple TV Software 5–6, Apple released minor revisions, content additions, and feature updates.
The Apple TV Software 7.0 features a flat look similar to iOS 7 and OS X Yosemite and adds features such as Peer-To-Peer AirPlay. Version 8.0 was skipped. Apple TV Software 7.2.2 (iOS 8) is currently available for the Apple TV (3rd generation), as of March 2019. It does not support tvOS 9.0 or later. It does support Amazon Video, however, which was automatically added to those Apple TVs running 7.2.2 on December 6, 2017. In May 2019 Apple TV Software 7.3 (iOS 8.4.2) was released to the public. This update was the first update for the 3rd generation Apple TV since 2016. This update adds the new Apple TV app to the home screen. The Apple TV app brings compatibility to the Apple TV Channels service. This update also fixes some security flaws found in Apple TV Software 7.2.2 and earlier. On September 24, 2019, Apple TV Software 7.4 (iOS 8.4.3) was released to the public. On March 24, 2020, Apple TV Software 7.5 (iOS 8.4.4) was released to the public.
HD and 4K.
The Apple TV HD and later run an operating system called "tvOS", which does not support the earlier generations of Apple TV. It features an app store, allowing third-party app developers to release their own apps on the platform. The new software also features support for Siri voice control. The tvOS software development kit (SDK) for developing tvOS apps is included in Xcode 7.1 and later. A new development feature, App Thinning, is used in the Apple TV, running on tvOS, due to the storage restrictions of the device (as little as 32 GB) and the dual-use of the NAND Flash Memory to precache movies from Apple's content servers as well as storage for downloaded applications from the tvOS App Store. Apple's aim is to limit the size of application downloads and steering users toward downloading individual segments of apps in order to better manage storage space. Developers have reacted with criticism toward the download size limits, arguing that it leads to situations where game data is purged and has to be re-downloaded.
Limitations.
Functionality.
Apple TV contains neither a TV tuner nor a personal video recorder. Both capabilities can be applied to the connected home computer through various third-party products, such as allowing PVR software to connect to iTunes and enable scheduled HDTV recordings to play automatically via Apple TV for playback. Apple TV HD and newer can be linked with Wi-Fi-based tuners such as HDHomeRun.
The Front Row interface lacks some iTunes functionality, including rating items, checking the account balance, adding funds to the account, synchronizing from more than one computer, full Internet radio support, and games.
The Movies search box only searches the iTunes Store, not local hard drives and networks.
Movies rented on Apple TV must be watched on Apple TV, unlike iTunes rentals, which can be transferred to any video-enabled iPod, iPhone, or Apple TV. Movies purchased on Apple TV can be moved to a video-enabled iPod or iPhone via iTunes.
Apple TV prior to 4th generation (Apple TV HD) did not support the HDMI Consumer Electronics Control (HDMI CEC) protocol.
On the Apple TV (2nd generation), digital output audio is up-sampled to 48 kHz, including lossless CD rips at 44.1 kHz. Although this is a higher frequency and the difference is not audible, it is seen by some as falling short of digital transmission of data standards due to the audio not being 'bit perfect'.
Sales.
1st generation.
Within the first week of presales in January 2007, Apple TV was the top pre-selling item at the Apple Store. Orders exceeded 100,000 units by the end of January and Apple began ramping-up to sell over a million units before the 2007 holiday season. Analysts began calling it a "DVD killer" that could enable multiple services. Analysts also predicted that Apple could sell up to 1.5 million units in the first year. Besides the Apple Store, Best Buy was one of the first retailers to carry the device; Target and Costco followed shortly thereafter.
Two months into sales, Forrester Research predicted at the time that Apple would only sell a million Apple TV units, because consumers prefer advertisement-supported content over paid content. Forrester predicted that cable companies would be the clear winners over content providers such as the iTunes Store. Shortly after, Apple released YouTube functionality and Jobs stated that Apple TV was a "DVD player for the Internet". Some market analysts predicted that YouTube on Apple TV "provides a glimpse of this product's potential and its future evolution", but overall, analysts had mixed reactions regarding the future of Apple TV. Some negative reactions followed after Jobs referred to the device as a "hobby", implying it was less significant than the Macintosh, iPod, and iPhone.
In the fourth quarter of 2008, sales were triple that of the fourth quarter of 2007.
In Apple's first-quarter 2009 financial results conference call, acting chief executive Tim Cook stated that Apple TV sales increased three times over the same quarter a year ago. Cook mentioned that the movie rental business was working well for Apple, Apple would continue investment in movie rentals and Apple TV, but Apple TV is still considered a hobby for the company. Due to the growth of digital TV and consumers turning to Internet media services, an analyst at the time predicted sales of 6.6 million Apple TVs by the end of 2009.
2nd generation.
The second generation sold 250,000 units in the first two weeks it was available. On December 21, 2010, Apple announced that they had sold 1 million units. In the second fiscal quarter of 2011, it had topped 2 million in total sales, with 820,000 sold in that quarter alone.
On January 24, 2012, Apple announced they had sold 1.4 million units in the first fiscal quarter of 2012, and 2.8 million units in all of fiscal year 2011. (4.2 million units through January 1, 2012).
3rd generation.
Tim Cook announced at the All Things Digital conference in May 2012 that Apple had sold 2.7 million of the 3rd generation model in 2012.
In the Q4 FY2012 earnings call, Engadget reported comments from Tim Cook that Apple had shipped 1.3 million Apple TV units in the 4th Quarter (presumed to be 3rd generation).
MacObserver reported statements by Tim Cook in the Q1 FY2013 earnings call that Apple sold over 2 million Apple TV units in the December Quarter (presumed to be 3rd generation).
These reports lead to a cumulative volume of the 3rd generation device of 6 million units, as of January 1, 2013.
On February 28, 2014, at Apple's shareholders meeting, Apple CEO Tim Cook announced that in 2013 Apple TV brought in 1 billion dollars of revenue for Apple.
A market survey published by Parks Associates in December 2014 found that Apple TV has lost consumer traction to Google Chromecast, garnering only a 17% market share.
Tim Cook announced at the Apple Special Event on March 9, 2015, that Apple had sold a total of 25 million Apple TVs up to that point.
HD, 4K and later.
During an Apple earnings call on January 27, 2016, CEO Tim Cook stated that the Apple TV had record sales, although further details were not provided. In June 2019 it was estimated that there are 53 million units of all generations in use worldwide.
In 2019, Apple analyst John Gruber stated the Apple TV sells at a low profit margin or a loss, saying units are effectively sold at cost.

</doc>
<doc id="6963547" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963547" title="1920 in United States history">
1920 in United States history



</doc>
<doc id="6963549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963549" title="River Marron">
River Marron

The River Marron is a river of Cumbria, England.
Rising near the village of Asby, Copeland at the confluence of Colliergate Beck and Scallow Beck, the Marron travels north past Ullock and Branthwaite, picking up the waters of Lostrigg Beck at Little Clifton/Bridgefoot shortly before joining the River Derwent.

</doc>
<doc id="6963550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963550" title="Ashfaqullah">
Ashfaqullah



</doc>
<doc id="6963551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963551" title="Węgorzewo County">
Węgorzewo County

Węgorzewo County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland, on the border with Russia. It was created in 2002 out of the northern part of Giżycko County. Its administrative seat and only town is Węgorzewo, which lies north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
The county covers an area of . As of 2024 its total population is 20,703, out of which the population of Węgorzewo is 10,488 and the rural population is 10,140.
Neighbouring counties.
Węgorzewo County is bordered by Gołdap County to the east, Giżycko County to the south and Kętrzyn County to the west. It also borders Russia (Kaliningrad Oblast) to the north.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into three gminas (one urban-rural and two rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="6963552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963552" title="Powiat of Węgorzewo">
Powiat of Węgorzewo



</doc>
<doc id="6963553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963553" title="Wegorzewo County">
Wegorzewo County



</doc>
<doc id="6963555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963555" title="Marie St. Fleur">
Marie St. Fleur

Marie P. St. Fleur (born May 4, 1962) is a Haitian American politician and lawyer. former Massachusetts State Representative who represented the Fifth Suffolk district from 1999-2011. Her district consisted of parts of the Boston neighborhoods Dorchester and Roxbury. She is the first Haitian-American to hold public office in Massachusetts. Representative St. Fleur was one of the most active supporters of John Kerry's presidential bid, often traveling to Florida to do outreach on his behalf. Representative St. Fleur was appointed Vice-Chair of the powerful Ways and Means Committee by House Speaker Salvatore DiMasi, a leadership position that has tremendous influence in the budget process. On January 30, 2006 Thomas F. Reilly, candidate for the Democratic nomination for governor, selected St. Fleur as his running mate. Candidates for governor and lieutenant governor run separately through the primary, then are joined as a single ticket for the election. The following day she withdrew after The Boston Globe reported that she was delinquent in tax debts and owed over $40,000 in student loans.
In February 2019 Marie St. Fleur announced that she is the Chief Operating Officer of Union Twist a company that has been established to operate a marijuana dispensary in Framingham, Massachusetts.
Personal life and education.
St. Fleur emigrated from Haiti as a child and attended the University of Massachusetts Amherst and Boston College Law School. She began practicing law in 1987. In 1999, she became the first Haitian immigrant to hold public office in Massachusetts by winning a special election to succeed Charlotte Golar Richie. She was the vice chair of the House Ways and Means committee. She has three children.
Legal career.
From 1987 to 1988 she was a judicial law clerk for the Massachusetts Superior Court. From 1988 to 1991 she was an assistant district attorney in the Middlesex County District Attorney's office. From 1991 to 1999 she was an assistant attorney general in the Massachusetts Attorney General's office.
Political career.
She is a former staffer to former Mayor of Boston Thomas Menino.
The issue of St. Fleur's withdrawal received additional media attention when it was mentioned in an exchange between Reilly and rivals for the Democratic nomination Deval Patrick and Chris Gabrieli during the gubernatorial debate on September 7, 2006. Reilly accused Gabrieli of having leaked a secret report about St. Fleur's finances to the Boston Globe. Later in the debate he asked Patrick, who has confessed to tax problems of his own: "If Marie St. Fleur can't be lieutenant governor, how can you be governor?"
She supports charter schools and in-state tuition for undocumented immigrants. She is a practicing Catholic and supports same-sex marriage, despite the church's pronouncements on the issue.
During the 2008 presidential primary campaign, St. Fleur initially supported Hillary Clinton for president.
In February 2010 she announced that she would not run for reelection and in April 2010 she accepted a job as director of intergovernmental relations for the City of Boston. She left that position in 2013.
Post-political career.
From 2013 to 2016 she served as the president and chief executive officer of the Bessie Tartt Wilson Initiative for Children, Inc. From 2019 to 2020 she served as the executive director of King Boston (also known as the Boston Foundation). Since 2016 she has served as the principal of St. Fleur Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="6963561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963561" title="First Blood (novel)">
First Blood (novel)

First Blood is a 1972 American action-thriller novel by David Morrell about a troubled homeless Vietnam War veteran, known only by his last name of Rambo, who wages a brutal one-man war against local and state police in Kentucky. It was adapted into the 1982 film "First Blood" starring Sylvester Stallone, which ended up spawning an entire media franchise around Rambo.
Plot.
A homeless Vietnam veteran known only by his last name, Rambo, wanders into Madison, a town in Basalt County, Kentucky, and is intercepted by local police chief Wilfred Teasle, who drives him to the town limits and orders him to stay out. When Rambo repeatedly returns, Teasle arrests him on charges of vagrancy and resisting arrest, getting permission to hold him for 35 days in jail. Kept inside a claustrophobia-inducing cell, Rambo experiences a flashback to his days as a prisoner of war in Vietnam and attacks the police as they attempt to cut his hair and shave him forcibly. Rambo escapes, killing an officer in the process, steals a motorcycle, and hides in the nearby mountains.
Teasle, not wanting the state police to capture Rambo before he does, gets a helicopter pilot to search the woods and organizes a posse consisting of himself, his officers, and Orval Kellerman, an experienced hunter with a pack of trained dogs. Meanwhile, Rambo stumbles across an illegal still and persuades the moonshiners operating it to provide him with clothes and food; he also talks them into giving him a lever-action rifle. The posse catches up with Rambo, who is cornered by the helicopter and fires on it in self-defense; the pilot panics and loses control, causing the chopper to crash and explode. When the posse arrives, Rambo shoots two of Kellerman's dogs; the frightened animals leap off a cliff, taking an officer with them, and Kellerman is fatally wounded while going to check on them.
Teasle's officers start firing wildly and waste most of their ammunition trying to kill Rambo; several desert their posts and try to return to town as a cloudburst stirs up. Rambo obtains a hunting knife, canteen, and pistol from the bodies of Kellerman and the deputy who fell off the cliff, then pursues Teasle's men, killing them one by one until only Teasle remains. However, Rambo is aware that Teasle is also a combat veteran and expects him to wait in ambush; his caution and the rain help Teasle escape. The state police rescue him and, once his condition is stabilized, gets the National Guard to send detachments of troops to assist with the manhunt.
It is revealed to Teasle that Rambo was a member of an elite Green Beret unit in Vietnam; he has extensive experience in guerrilla warfare and survival tactics and received the Medal of Honor. Since his discharge from the Army, he has been unable to hold down a job, thus forcing him to live as a drifter. Teasle, bitter over the deaths of his men but also finding himself sympathetic to Rambo's plight, insists on helping capture him even though his health is beginning to deteriorate from his recent injuries. Rambo also finds himself torn between his instinct to keep fighting and his sense of self-preservation; he refuses to take the opportunity to escape because the rush of battle is too much for him to resist.
Captain Sam Trautman, the director of the Green Beret program, helps reorganize the National Guard units to track Rambo, who is struggling with his own wounds and starving. Two civilians hunting him alert the National Guard to his presence before being killed. Rambo seals himself inside an abandoned mine and is bitten and scratched by a bat colony while looking for a way out. Teasle collapses, is taken back to town and wakes up in his office after having a vision that reveals that Rambo is heading to Madison. Having stolen a police car and dynamite, Rambo starts blowing up most of the town, including the police headquarters, and sets fire to two gas stations. 
Teasle surprises Rambo and shoots him in the chest, but is himself wounded in the stomach by a return shot. A dying Rambo flees town, and Teasle follows. As Trautman and the National Guard arrive, Rambo reaches a shed and prepares to commit suicide using his last stick of dynamite. Seeing Teasle walking towards him and deciding that it would be better to die fighting, Rambo fires at him to get his attention, but to his disappointment, Teasle is hit and falls over. Rambo feels disappointed that he is now too weak to light the fuse. Then, he gets shot in the head by Trautman. Rambo dies, satisfied that he has come to a fitting end. Teasle relaxes, experiences a moment of affection for Rambo, and then dies.
Background.
Morrell stated he was inspired to write the novel by hearing about the experiences of his students who had fought in Vietnam. Morrell said "When I started "First Blood" back in 1968, I was deeply influenced by Geoffrey Household's "Rogue Male"." The character's name was derived in part from the Rambo apple, a supply of which his wife brought home while he was trying to come up with a suitable name for his character. One of the inspirations for Rambo was World War II hero Audie Murphy, in particular his suffering from untreated post-traumatic stress disorder in his post-war years. Madison, Kentucky was modeled after Bellefonte, Pennsylvania.
Reception.
John Skow of "Time" described the book as "carnography", though he remarked that the technical aspects of it are done well.
The book has been translated into 30 languages.
Film adaptation.
Cuban-Italian actor Tomas Milian read "First Blood" soon after its release and wanted to star in an adaptation of it; however, he was unsuccessful in persuading Italian producers to support the project. Still, he used "Rambo" as the name of his character, an ex-cop, in the 1975 film "Syndicate Sadists".
In 1972, Morrell sold the film rights to "First Blood" to Columbia Pictures, who in turn sold them to Warner Bros. The film languished in development hell for ten years, with the story passing through three companies and eighteen screenplays. Finally, Andrew G. Vajna and Mario Kassar, two film distributors looking to become producers, obtained the film rights. Sylvester Stallone was cast in the lead role, due to the star power he had from the films "Rocky" and "Rocky II". Stallone used his clout to force changes to the script to make Rambo a more sympathetic character, including having Rambo not directly kill any police or national guardsmen (in the novel, he kills many), and having him survive at the end instead of dying as he does in the book. The novel also differs from the film in that, instead of Trautman personally training and leading Rambo in Vietnam, Trautman is mentioned as the commander of the school where he trained Rambo, but barely remembers him. Also in the book, Rambo expresses anger that Trautman would turn on one of his own after hearing that Trautman is working with the police to capture him.
Veteran actor Kirk Douglas was originally cast to play Trautman and given top billing. But Douglas quit the movie before filming was set to begin, specifically over the fact that he wanted the movie to end with Rambo dying at Trautman's hands, as in the novel, but the producers were unwilling to change the film's ending. Rock Hudson was then offered the role but turned it down due to health issues. Richard Crenna was then quickly cast as the new Colonel, learning his lines on the flight to the film set. Stallone was then given top billing.
Rambo, whose first name is not specified in the novel, was given the first name "John" for the film as a reference to the song "When Johnny Comes Marching Home".
The film, "First Blood", was a major success, earning $125 million on a $15 million budget, and spawning an entire "Rambo" franchise.
David Morrell wrote the novelization for " and explained that he was bringing the character back because of the success of the movie.

</doc>
<doc id="6963565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963565" title="Orłowice">
Orłowice

Orłowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies between Mirsk and Świeradów-Zdrój, on the Kwisa river. It lies approximately south of Mirsk, south-west of Lwówek Śląski, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
History.
The village is first mentioned in 1373, when it was called "Albrechtsdorf". In 1575 its name changed to "Ullersdorf", in honour of Ulryk von Schaffgotsch. The village's paper mill is first mentioned in 1575, making it the oldest such mill in this part of the Sudetes.
A railway passing through the village was opened in 1909. The line was closed in 1997.
Industry.
On west from village, at Zajęcznik (595 m) foot is quarry "Jerzy" state in which was mined. The factory of felt plates was in village second the largest industrial institution. This institution does not function at present (it was done away). It from acting at present in village of typically industrial institutions there is the sawmill.
Transport.
They through village lead two province roads:
Railway line.
31 October 1909 was started railway Mirsk – Świeradów Zdrój (line D29-336) leading also by Orłowice. Last personal train (12 February 1996) arrived in direction Gryfów Śląski here. Till 1 January 1997 through village trains ran. This railway line be closed at present.
PKS transport.
The halt of PKS, thanks in village is also which from mighty village to approach with bus to nearby Mirsk not only and Świeradów Zdrój, but we can approach to distant ok. . of Jelenia Góra.

</doc>
<doc id="6963570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963570" title="Isphana">
Isphana



</doc>
<doc id="6963573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963573" title="Diviseema">
Diviseema

Diviseema is a small and deltaic island in Krishna District of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It comprises seven Mandals in total - Avanigadda, Challapalli, Mopidevi, Nagayalanka, Koduru, Ghantasala and Movva . Diviseema was also known as Divi Taluk in the past. 
Avanigadda and Challapalli are the major towns in Diviseema. This area was formerly ruled by the Yarlagadda kings of Deverakota estate. Modern Day Diviseema area comes under Avanigadda Assembly constituency .
Etymology.
Diviseema is obtained from the two words Deevi meaning 'island' and seema meaning 'country' or 'region' in Telugu. Diviseema (pronounced as Deeviseema) means "Region of the Island". The famous Hamsaladeevi beach is present in Diviseema. 
Geography.
Diviseema is located in the delta area formed at Puligadda (Avanigadda), where the Krishna River is divided into two before merging into the Bay of Bengal. One merges in Bay of Bengal at Hamsaladeevi (Koduru mandal) and the other near to Gullalamoda (Nagayalanka mandal).
It is a fertile low lying plain interspersed with Krishna river and its distributaries. It is irrigated by canal irrigation drawn from Prakasam Barrage at Vijayawada. The confluence of Krishna River and Bay of Bengal at Palakayatippa is a weekend getaway and also a pilgrimage center. Towards the sea, Diviseema has rich mangroves and is notified as Krishna Wildlife Sanctuary.
Cyclone.
The unprecedented loss of human life suffered during the 1977 Andhra Pradesh cyclone across this region on 19 November 1977. It is estimated that 10,000 people and 10,00,000 animals died as a result of this natural disaster. The survivors have recouped, due largely to voluntary organizations and governmental efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="6963577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963577" title="Carol Wayne">
Carol Wayne

Carol Marie Wayne (September 6, 1942 – January 13, 1985) was an American television and film actress. She appeared regularly on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" as the Matinee Lady in the "Art Fern's Tea Time Movie" sketches.
Early life.
Born in Chicago, Wayne began her show business career as a teenaged figure skater in the Ice Capades, along with her younger sister, Nina.
Career.
Wayne did television guest shots on "The Man from U.N.C.L.E.", "I Spy" (as the title character in the episode "Trouble with Temple"), "Bewitched" (as a rabbit turned into a cocktail bunny), "I Dream of Jeannie" (as dim-witted starlet Bootsie Nightingale), "Love American Style", "Emergency!" and "The Fall Guy", and appeared in many sketches on "The Red Skelton Show".
Wayne said she was "discovered" at a Hollywood party and auditioned for "The Tonight Show" after appearances as a Las Vegas chorus line dancer.
She gained her greatest fame for appearances (1967–1984) on "The Tonight Show", including 100-plus appearances (1971–1984) as the buxom Matinée Lady on "The Tonight Show" in Johnny Carson's popular "Art Fern's Tea Time Movie" sketches, which were filled with sexual double entendres. After her death, Carson kept the Art Fern character off the air for most of the next year. He eventually hired Danuta Wesley and later Teresa Ganzel to be his new Matinée Lady.
Wayne made appearances on several game shows during the 1970s including "Mantrap" and "Hollywood Squares". She was a regular panelist on "Celebrity Sweepstakes". She landed roles in several films, including "Gunn", "The Party" (both directed by Blake Edwards), "Scavenger Hunt", "Savannah Smiles" and "Surf II". Her final onscreen appearance came in the 1984 drama "Heartbreakers", for which she received the best reviews of her career. Critic Roger Ebert wrote, "Her performance is so good, so heartbreaking, if you will, that it pulls the whole movie together."
In February 1984, Wayne appeared nude in a pictorial for "Playboy" magazine. The same year, she filed for bankruptcy.
Personal life.
Wayne was married three times. She married her first husband, Loreto "Larry" Cera, on May 1, 1965; they divorced in June 1967. In 1969, Wayne married her second husband, rock-music photographer Barry Feinstein, with whom she had a son, Alex Feinstein (b. 1970). The couple divorced in 1974. A year later, she married television and film producer Burt Sugarman, who served as producer on "Celebrity Sweepstakes". They divorced in 1980.
Wayne told Johnny Carson in an interview on April 30, 1974, one of 38 appearances, that she enjoyed gardening and growing bonsai trees, and in another interview, breeding Andalusian horses.
Death.
In January 1985, Wayne vacationed at the Las Hadas Resort in Manzanillo, Colima, Mexico, with companion Edward Durston, a car salesman. After an argument, Wayne reportedly took a walk on the beach. Three days later, a local fisherman found Wayne's body in a shallow bay. An autopsy performed in Mexico revealed no signs of alcohol or other drugs in her body, and her death was ruled "accidental."

</doc>
<doc id="6963585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963585" title="Szczytno County">
Szczytno County

Szczytno County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Szczytno, which lies south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn. The only other town in the county is Pasym, lying north-west of Szczytno.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 69,289, out of which the population of Szczytno is 25,680, that of Pasym is 2,550, and the rural population is 41,059.
Neighbouring counties.
Szczytno County is bordered by Mrągowo County to the north, Pisz County to the east, Ostrołęka County to the south-east, Przasnysz County to the south, Nidzica County to the west and Olsztyn County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into eight gminas (one urban, one urban-rural and six rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
Historical population.
In 1825 Szczytno County (Kreis Ortelsburg) had 38028 inhabitants, including by mother tongue: 34928 (~92%) Polish and 3100 (~8%) German.

</doc>
<doc id="6963586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963586" title="Powiat of Szczytno">
Powiat of Szczytno



</doc>
<doc id="6963588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963588" title="Emancipation bodice">
Emancipation bodice



</doc>
<doc id="6963589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963589" title="Le Modulor">
Le Modulor



</doc>
<doc id="6963607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963607" title="Nidzica County">
Nidzica County

Nidzica County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland. It came into being on 1 January 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is Nidzica, which lies south of the regional capital Olsztyn.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006, its total population is 33,955, out of which the population of Nidzica is 14,761 and the rural population is 19,194.
Population.
The county's population has stagnated and remained the same for the past four decades, never surpassing the 35,300 mark.
Historical population.
In 1825, Nidzica County (Kreis Neidenburg) had 29,617 inhabitants, including by mother tongue: 27,467 (~93%) Polish and 2,149 (~7%) German.
Neighbouring counties.
Nidzica County is bordered by Olsztyn County to the north, Szczytno County to the east, Przasnysz County to the south-east, Mława County to the south, Działdowo County to the south-west and Ostróda County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into four gminas (one urban-rural and three rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6963609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963609" title="Powiat of Nidzica">
Powiat of Nidzica



</doc>
<doc id="6963620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963620" title="Mach Schau">
Mach Schau

Mach Schau may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6963622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963622" title="Nothing for Juice">
Nothing for Juice

Nothing for Juice is the third studio album by the Mountain Goats. It is the last Mountain Goats release to feature Rachel Ware on bass and backing vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="6963627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963627" title="Gołdap County">
Gołdap County

Gołdap County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland, on the border with Russia. Its administrative seat and only town is Gołdap, which lies north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
When powiats were re-introduced in the Polish local government reforms of 1999, the present Gołdap and Olecko Counties made up a single entity (called "powiat olecko-gołdapski" or Olecko-Gołdap County). This was divided into two in 2002.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 26,825, out of which the population of Gołdap is 13,716 and the rural population is 13,109.
Neighbouring counties.
Gołdap County is bordered by Suwałki County to the east, Olecko County to the south, Giżycko County to the south-west and Węgorzewo County to the west. It also borders Russia (Kaliningrad Oblast) to the north.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into three gminas (one urban-rural and two rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6963628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963628" title="Powiat of Gołdap">
Powiat of Gołdap



</doc>
<doc id="6963630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963630" title="Goldap County">
Goldap County



</doc>
<doc id="6963633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963633" title="Lyons Hall (University of Notre Dame)">
Lyons Hall (University of Notre Dame)

Lyons Hall is one of the 32 Residence Halls on the campus of the University of Notre Dame and one of the 14 female dorms. It is located on South Quad, and constitutes the "Golden Coast" with Morrissey Hall and Howard Hall. Built in 1925-1927, it is dedicated to professor Joseph Lyons, and hosts 203 undergraduates. The coat of arms features a golden lion on a black field, representing an example of canting arms. Its arch overlooking St. Mary's lake is a campus landmark. Along with other buildings on Notre Dame's campus, it is on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
Lyons Hall was built between 1925 and 1927 as the third of three new freshman dorms built by president Walsh; Howard and Morrissey Halls had been the first two. The construction of these dorms was needed to obviated the on-campus housing shortage due to the rapid increase in student population after World War I. The building of these dorms was assigned to the architecture firm of Francis W. Kervick (1883-1962) and Vincent F. Fagan (1898-1951), who were also professors at the Notre Dame department of architecture. Taken together, the three halls added about 600 students on campus. Because of their location, new style, and beauty, the three dorms acquired the name of "Gold Coast".
Construction of the southern wing of Lyons was completed by the fall of 1926, while the northern wing was completed in the fall of 1927. When the first wing opened it accommodated more than a hundred students. The northern wing, which was started in late 1926, completed the quadrangle towards Morrissey and Howard and features an archway and a view on the lake. The architecture of it matched that of the southern wing of Lyons and of Morrissey and Howard, and it hosted about 100 additional students plus the rector's facilities and ten rooms for lay faculty members in wing north-east of the arch. Charles Doremus was its first rector. The three new dorms were seen as the most modern and most beautiful on campus at the time when built, and Lyons in particular was appreciated for integrating views of the lake in its design.
Lyons hosted Navy Midshipmen of the United States Naval Reserve Midshipmen's School during World War II. At the 1972 An Tóstal celebrations, an annual spring event with games and competitions, Lyons Hall hired an elephant from a local circus for the tug-o-war.
In 1974 it underwent a renovation and was converted to Notre Dame's sixth residence hall for women. In 2013, in underwent a $6.2 million renovation which included renovation of the student rooms, an upgrade of the electrical system, redone interiors, a new rector apartment, new student amenities, new shared kitchens and lounges, and a complete overhaul of the chapel and its access staircase. The changes included a decrease in occupancy since some triples were converted into doubles and some rooms became study spaces.
Lyons has a long history of faculty-in-residence. When originally built, the small wing above and east of the arch (towards Morrissey) hosted lay faculty members. Francis Kervick, one of the architects of the hall and professor of Architecture, lived himself in Lyons for many years. The tradition was revived in 2013, when Ed Hums, professor of accountancy, and his wife, Shirley ’97MNA, from IT support, moved into Lyons as faculty-in-residence.
Namesake.
Lyons Hall is dedicated to the memory of Professor Joseph A. Lyons, one of Notre Dame's most distinguished early faculty members. Joseph Lyons was born in Utica, NY, on November 7, 1834. Lyons first came to Notre Dame as a fifteen-year-old orphan in 1848, entering the shoemaker's shop in the Manual Labor School (nowadays Badin Hall) as an apprentice. By 1851 he had impressed even Father Sorin with his skills in shoemaking, his determination and his attitude. Lyons taught himself Latin at night while an apprentice. As a reward, the President awarded one free year of tuition at the University, and Lyons entered the seminary to study for the priesthood. After five years he decided to pursue a career in teaching instead of the priesthood. Lyons then again entered the university and graduated from Notre Dame in 1862 with highest honors. He taught at Notre Dame as professor of English for 26 years and was one of the most beloved figures on campus, was widely popular among students and other faculty, and was heavily involved with many student societies such as the Columbian Literary and Debating Club, the St. Cecilia Philomathean Association, the St. Stanislaus Philopatran Society. He compiled the story of the University for the celebrations of the Silver Jubilee in 1867. His death on August 22, 1888 was met with an outpouring of grief, condolences, and letter from faculty, students, alumni, and friends of the university from all over the world. The funeral mass was celebrated by William Corby, Matthew J. Walsh, and Andrew Morrissey and the body was then buried in the Holy Cross Cemetery, where traditionally only Holy Cross priests and brothers lay. His was the first case of a lay man being buried there. In 1892, a monument was erected on his tomb, consisting of a granite obelisk with the words "Erected to his memory as a tribute of the affection of the old students." and "He was always the same-kind and gentle, sincere and self-sacrificing."
Architecture.
The Lyons arch, by far the building's most distinctive feature, "frames St. Mary's Lake, providing a delightful vista as well as a picturesque entrance to the hall." The arch, designed by Kervick, "was so sited that from several vantage points on the western half of the South Quadrangle (for example, from the front entrance steps of the South Dining Hall) a walker, while surrounded by buildings, could have a view of the lake." A statue of Saint Joseph the worker stands atop the archway, a work of Hungarian sculptor Eugene Kormendi, who was sculptor in residence at Notre Dame. A popular urban legend says that if a couple walks and kisses under Lyon's Arch, they are bound to marry in the future. The chapel is built in the basement, and it is a subterranean barrel vaulted environment with a medieval-like sanctum atmosphere, and it reached by a winding staircase.
Traditions.
 The basement of Lyons is referred to as the "lair" or the "den". The signature event of the hall is the Mara Fox Fun Run, established in 1993 to honor Fox, a Lyons freshman killed by a drunk driver. It consists of a 5k and a 1k, and the profits go towards a scholarship for students of Spanish. Another memorial to Fox is a large Central American cross that hangs in the hall lounge. The hall hosts the Lyons Luau fall dance ball in front of Saint Mary's Lake. Lyons also hosts a week dedicated to women's empowerment during Spirit Week. The women of Lyons Hall compete in various sports, including basketball, bowling, cross country, dodgeball, flag football, golf, lacrosse, racquetball, soccer, table tennis, tennis, and volleyball. On All Souls’ Day (November 2 or 3) residents of the hall commemorate and lay a wreath on Joseph Lyons’ grave.
Its chapel is dedicated to All Souls. It has a vaulted ceiling, and it was renovated in 2014 as a gift from the Brolick family. Lyons Hall was featured in the movie "Rudy".

</doc>
<doc id="6963635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963635" title="John A. Bole">
John A. Bole



</doc>
<doc id="6963641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963641" title="John Archibald Bole, Jr.">
John Archibald Bole, Jr.



</doc>
<doc id="6963642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963642" title="GRES-2">
GRES-2

GRES-2 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6963644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963644" title="John Archibald Bole">
John Archibald Bole



</doc>
<doc id="6963645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963645" title="John A. Bole, Jr.">
John A. Bole, Jr.



</doc>
<doc id="6963648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963648" title="Runyon classification">
Runyon classification

The Timpe and Runyon classification of nontuberculous mycobacteria is based on the rate of growth, production of yellow pigment and whether this pigment was produced in the dark or only after exposure to light.
It was introduced by Ernest Runyon in 1959.
On these bases, the nontuberculous mycobacteria are divided into four groups. The first three groups are classified as "Slowly growing Mycobacteria" and the fourth group as "Rapid Growers".
Slowly growing Mycobacteria.
Runyon I: Photochromogens.
Runyon I organisms (photochromogens) are slow growing, and produce a yellow-orange pigment when exposed to light. The group includes
"Mycobacterium kansasii", "Mycobacterium intermedium", "Mycobacterium marinum", "Mycobacterium asiaticum", and "Mycobacterium simiae". "Mycobacterium szulgai" is a photochromogen when grown at 24 degrees, and a scotochromogen at 37 degrees. In contrast, Runyon classifications III through IV are considered "nonphotochromogens", in that exposure to light does not make them produce pigment which they would not develop in dark growing conditions.
Runyon II: Scotochromogens.
Runyon II organisms (scotochromogens) are slow-growing and produce a yellow-orange pigment regardless of whether they are grown in the dark or the light. The group includes "Mycobacterium scrofulaceum" and "Mycobacterium gordonae", among others. "Mycobacterium szulgai" is a scotochromogen when grown at 37 degrees, as mentioned above.
Runyon III: Nonchromogens.
Runyon III organisms (nonchromogens) are slow-growing and never produce pigment, regardless of culture conditions. The group includes "Mycobacterium avium" and "Mycobacterium intracellulare" (together known as the MAC complex), "Mycobacterium ulcerans" and numerous other organisms. "Mycobacterium xenopi" is also a nonchromogen. 
Runyon IV: Rapid Growers.
Runyon IV organisms are rapid growing for mycobacteria (colonies in 5 days). They do not produce pigment.
"Mycobacterium fortuitum", "Mycobacterium peregrinum", "Mycobacterium abscessus", "Mycobacterium chelonae", "Mycobacterium thermoresistibile", "Mycobacterium smegmatis".
Some rapidly growing mycobacteria are considered "late-pigmenting".

</doc>
<doc id="6963649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963649" title="Solor System">
Solor System



</doc>
<doc id="6963650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963650" title="Goldwyn Girls">
Goldwyn Girls

The Goldwyn Girls were a musical stock company of female dancers employed by Samuel Goldwyn. Famous actresses, dancers, and models whose career included a stint in the Goldwyn Girls include Lucille Ball, Virginia Bruce, Claire Dodd, Paulette Goddard, Betty Grable, Virginia Grey, June Kirby, Joi Lansing, Barbara Pepper, Marjorie Reynolds, Pat Sheehan, Gail Sheridan, Ann Sothern, Larri Thomas, Tyra Vaughn, Toby Wing, Vonne Lester, and Jane Wyman.
History.
Samuel Goldwyn modeled his silver screen Goldwyn Girls after the stage sensation Ziegfeld Follies around 1929 when Ziegfeld came west to Hollywood to assist in the film production of his popular musical "Whoopee!". Goldwyn learned much from Florenz Ziegfeld on creating an enchanting chorus line, one of which Ziegfeld called his secrets of success: "Women enjoyed looking at beautiful women in beautiful clothes, the glorification of their gender". To this standard, Goldwyn added his own guidelines, explaining to the press that a Goldwyn Girl must meet his standards of beauty, personality, talent, self-confidence, and ambition. He is quoted as requiring one more ethereal trait as well, "I have always insisted that every Goldwyn Girl look as though she had just stepped out of a bathtub. There must be a kind of a radiant scrubbed cleanliness about them which rules out all artificiality."
One use for the dynamic chorus line, the Goldwyn Girls, was to open Goldwyn's Cantor productions. The pictures, built on a stock formula, would inevitably open with a big production number of the Goldwyn Girls, then move to a blackface number, and end happily for the characters. Two such productions were "Whoopee"! and "Palmy Days".
In 1955, MGM Studios produced a film rendition of the popular Broadway musical "Guys and Dolls", with a new line of Goldwyn Girls cast as the Hotbox Dancers, supporting Vivian Blaine as Miss Adelaide, who originated the role on Broadway. The Goldwyn Girls then went on a world tour, which further promoted the film, and the film became an international hit, "rivaling MGM's overseas records set by "Gone With the Wind"".

</doc>
<doc id="6963651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963651" title="CD8 cytotoxic lymphocyte">
CD8 cytotoxic lymphocyte



</doc>
<doc id="6963653" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963653" title="John Bole">
John Bole

John Bole may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6963656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963656" title="Nairobi School">
Nairobi School

The Nairobi School is a secondary school in Nairobi, Kenya. It follows the national curriculum, is one of Kenya's 112 national schools and also one of the 18 prestigious Cluster III secondary schools.
It was founded in 1902 by the British settlers who had made Nairobi their home after the construction of the Uganda Railway. In 1925, Lord Delamere and Sir Edward Grigg, then Governor of Kenya, separated the European Nairobi School into a senior boys' school (Prince of Wales School), a senior girls' school (The Kenya High School) and a junior school (Nairobi Primary School).
In 1931, the boys' secondary school was moved to a 600-acre allotment in the Kabete area (along Sclater's Road, today's Waiyaki Way), leaving the girls behind with the primary school pupils. The original idea for the name of the boys' school was Kabete Boys Secondary School, but the first headmaster, Captain Bertram W. L. Nicholson, thought this to be too clumsy and therefore the name Prince of Wales School, following Kenya's independence, it was renamed Nairobi School in 1965. The school is popularly referred to as 'Patch'.
Today the school, named after Kenya's capital, is one of the leading National Schools in the country. Nairobi School sits on over of land about from the city centre and has over 1,100 students currently enrolled. As of 2025, the current Chief Principal is Caspar Momanyi Maina. He came from Kisii School, and is still a principal of the institution.
History.
Nairobi School was established in 1902 around the present day Nairobi Railways Club as a European school to serve the families of the I.B.E.A. Company and, a while later, the white settler community. Due to the foresight of Lord Delamere in proposing the building of a senior Boys school (now Nairobi Primary), and the support of the then Governor, Sir Edward Grigg, the railway reserve grounds near Kabete were set aside for future use.
In 1928, Sir Herbert Baker was commissioned to plan a school similar to Winchester School in England, attended by both Lord Delamere and the then Governor of Kenya. Captain B.W.L. Nicholson, R.N., from the Royal Naval College, Dartmouth, was appointed Headmaster of the European Nairobi School while planning for the New Boys School to be built at Kabete. Captain Nicholson designed the school uniform and discipline based on the British naval system; meanwhile Mrs. Nicholson and Rev. Gillett worked on the gardens of the new School.
On 24 September 1929 the foundation stone was laid by Edward Grigg, the Governor of Kenya Colony, for a school with a capacity of 80 boys. Under the stone was preserved a copy of the newspaper of the day. The School opened in 1931, not only for the 80 boys it was designed, but with 84 boarders and 20-day boys. The headmaster felt the old name 'Kabete Boys Secondary School' was too clumsy and it was given the name 'Prince of Wales School', with the Prince of Wales feathers inserted between the horns of a Royal Impala as the School badge, accompanied by the school motto "TO THE UTTERMOST".
Enrolment proved higher than initially anticipated, requiring new classrooms. Due to a general shortage of cement, the first wooden classrooms were erected around 1938. The School population increased further because of World War II and the Governor of Kenya authorised the building of corrugated iron dormitories (the group of buildings that later became Intermediate/Fletcher House – the current Music Room). It was called 'Lacey's Landies'. The effects of the war were felt more when the Italians joined in June 1940, including the fear of bombing, and it was made a day school. In June 1940, a military hospital took over the buildings and the students were moved back to the European Nairobi School (the present Nairobi Primary School.)
During the Christmas break of 1941, the whole school came back to Kabete, and the space at the European Nairobi School was taken over by the Girls' Secondary School. In 1942, European education was made compulsory and enrolment increased so much that new temporary classrooms were needed. The wooden classrooms were erected as a "temporary wartime measure." Clive, Grigg, Hawke and Rhodes Houses (the only four houses at the time) were all accommodated in the permanent building adjacent to the tuition block. Today those are two houses, known as Marsabit and Elgon. The period 1943 to 1944 saw the Rhodes/Nicholson complex being built, which is the Serengeti and Athi Houses complex today. A Sanatorium and School Hall were constructed in 1945. A sister school, the Duke of York school (today, Lenana School) was founded in 1948.
Nairobi School had a cadet training course of paramilitary standard in which students could enrol. The cadet course was started in the colonial era when Mau Mau activity was at its peak. After the colonial era Kenya Regiment, the school continued with the cadet course until stopped by the government after the unsuccessful 1982 coup d'état. The cadet section had uniforms, guns, ammunition, an armoury, a parade ground with adjacent stores and offices and a shooting range.
Kenya Regiment cadets took part in march-pasts during National Days. They also used to be assigned sentry duty at the main gate and around the school at night. Successful cadets who passed out would be issued rank. The cadets, after completion of their form 6 education, could further their careers by joining the armed forces as officer cadets.
School Curriculum.
Nairobi School follows the 8-4-4 system of education. The school curriculum is provided by the Kenya Institute of Curriculum Development, a department of the Ministry of Education in Kenya. The subjects offered in the school are as follows:
In Form one , the compulsory subjects are: English, Kiswahili, Mathematics. Biology, Physics, Chemistry, History and Government, Geography and Business Studies. Students may choose between Christian Religious Education and Islamic Religious Education. They may also choose one subject among the following: Agriculture, Art and Design,Drawing and design, Computer Studies, French or Music and Aviation.
In Form Two, Three and Four, English, Kiswahili, Mathematics, Biology, Physics and Chemistry are compulsory subjects, students may then choose two subjects from the remaining courses taught in Form 1.
Houses.
Nairobi school has nine houses, to one of which each student belongs. The houses serve as dormitories, as well as for student organisation for the purpose of sports days, dining hall seating and school assembly. Students develop strong links with members of their house, and these become evident on sports days as well as in academics. Each house is headed by a house master/mistress in collaboration with the house captains who are also members of the student council. The houses are:
The name changes, reflecting geographical areas in Kenya, were adopted in 1975 as part of a deliberate policy of Africanisation.
In popular culture.
The administration block was used as the setting for the Government House in the Oscar-winning movie "Out of Africa", based on a book with the same title by the Danish writer Karen Blixen.
Notable alumni.
'Old Boys' of the school are called Old Cambrians.

</doc>
<doc id="6963658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963658" title="Tony York">
Tony York

Tony Batton York (November 27, 1912 – April 18, 1970) was a professional baseball player. He played part of one season in Major League Baseball for the Chicago Cubs in 1944 as a shortstop and third baseman. The 31-year-old rookie was measured during his playing career at and weighing 165 lbs.
Personal life.
He was born in Irene, Texas to Theodore York (1888–1942) and his wife Mattie. Tony was the second of their four children, and the only son. His sisters were Juanita M., Lois C., and May W. York. He was married twice, first to Stephanie. They had no children. His second marriage, on January 29, 1941, was to Mariana Norris (November 30, 1915 – July 21, 2009). They had one daughter, Nancy Ann York.
Stephanie born in 1985 was the wife of Tony Batton York's Great Grandson Tony Farmer.
Playing career.
York had an extensive career in minor league baseball. He began his career in 1933 with the Baton Rouge Solons in the Dixie League, and continued to play until 1956. In the minors, York was primarily a shortstop, moving to second base full-time in 1947.
York is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut on April 18, 1944 (Opening Day) in a road game against the Cincinnati Reds at Crosley Field.
His season and career major league totals for 28 games include a .235 batting average (20-for-85) with 7 runs batted in and 4 runs scored. He was a good fielder for his era, handling 120 out of 125 total chances successfully for a fielding percentage of .960.
In 1952, York became player-manager of the Texarkana Bears in the Big State League. He served as a player-manager for the remainder of his playing career, and continued managing in the minor leagues until 1958.
Death.
Tony and his wife are buried in Fairview Cemetery in Hubbard, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="6963664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963664" title="Olecko County">
Olecko County

Olecko County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland. Its administrative seat and only town is Olecko, which lies east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
When powiats were re-introduced in the Polish local government reforms of 1999, the present Gołdap and Olecko Counties made up a single entity (called "powiat olecko-gołdapski" or Olecko-Gołdap County). This was divided into two in 2002.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 34,215, out of which the population of Olecko is 16,169 and the rural population is 18,046.
Neighbouring counties.
Olecko County is bordered by Gołdap County to the north, Suwałki County to the east, Ełk County to the south and Giżycko County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into four gminas (one urban-rural and three rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="6963666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963666" title="Powiat of Olecko">
Powiat of Olecko



</doc>
<doc id="6963673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963673" title="Battle of Suzdal">
Battle of Suzdal

The Battle of Suzdal () or the Battle of the Kamenka River was fought on 7 July 1445, between Russians under Vasily II and Tatar troops of Oluğ Möxämmäd, who invaded the principality of Nizhny Novgorod. The Russians were defeated by troops of beg Mäxmüd, who became Mäxmüd of Kazan after the battle. Vasily was taken prisoner and was set free only after the enormous (200,000 roubles) ransom was paid. He also promised restitution of the lands of Mishar Yurt, that were bought from Tokhtamysh in 1343. Qasim Khanate was founded there to become a buffer state and the vassal of Muscovy later.

</doc>
<doc id="6963680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963680" title="Apple itv">
Apple itv



</doc>
<doc id="6963681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963681" title="Mrągowo County">
Mrągowo County

Mrągowo County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Mrągowo, which lies east of the regional capital Olsztyn. The only other town in the county is Mikołajki, lying east of Mrągowo.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 50,087, out of which the population of Mrągowo is 21,772, that of Mikołajki is 3,848, and the rural population is 24,467.
Neighbouring counties.
Mrągowo County is bordered by Kętrzyn County to the north, Giżycko County to the east, Pisz County to the south-east, Szczytno County to the south and Olsztyn County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (one urban, one urban-rural and three rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6963682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963682" title="Powiat of Mrągowo">
Powiat of Mrągowo



</doc>
<doc id="6963684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963684" title="Mragowo County">
Mragowo County



</doc>
<doc id="6963688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963688" title="Kaki Vigla">
Kaki Vigla



</doc>
<doc id="6963692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963692" title="Deep fried spider">
Deep fried spider



</doc>
<doc id="6963695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963695" title="Open Tennis">
Open Tennis



</doc>
<doc id="6963697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963697" title="USS Gurke (DD-783)">
USS Gurke (DD-783)



</doc>
<doc id="6963698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963698" title="Open tennis">
Open tennis



</doc>
<doc id="6963700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963700" title="Deep-fried spider">
Deep-fried spider



</doc>
<doc id="6963706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963706" title="Fried tarantula">
Fried tarantula



</doc>
<doc id="6963712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963712" title="Giżycko County">
Giżycko County

Giżycko County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland. It came into being on 1 January 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms of 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Giżycko, which lies east of the regional capital Olsztyn. The only other town in the county is Ryn, lying south-west of Giżycko.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 56,661, out of which the population of Giżycko is 29,335, that of Ryn is 2,851, and the rural population is 24,475.
Until 2002 Giżycko County also included the three gminas which now form Węgorzewo County.
Neighbouring counties.
Giżycko County is bordered by Węgorzewo County to the north, Gołdap County to the north-east, Olecko County and Ełk County to the east, Pisz County to the south, and Mrągowo County and Kętrzyn County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (one urban, one urban-rural and four rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6963713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963713" title="Powiat of Giżycko">
Powiat of Giżycko



</doc>
<doc id="6963714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963714" title="Gizycko County">
Gizycko County



</doc>
<doc id="6963715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963715" title="The Sea Devil's Eye">
The Sea Devil's Eye

The Sea Devil's Eye is a 2000 novel by Mel Odom set in the Forgotten Realms campaign setting. It is the last book in the Threat from the Sea Trilogy.
Plot summary.
"Iakhovas" has caused more destruction than any force since the Time of Troubles, but his true objective has been a mystery until now.
Conception.
Author Mel Odom intended the "Threat from the Sea" trilogy to have major implications for the Forgotten Realms setting: "Basically, an evil that has been buried for thousands of years has risen from the sea and turned against the surface world. A lot happens in these books, and the map of Toril will not be the same afterward. A lot of people are going to be shocked and amazed." "Dungeons &amp; Dragons" game sourcebook tie-ins were planned to coincide with the novels, allowing players to follow the events of the trilogy in their own campaigns.

</doc>
<doc id="6963718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963718" title="Southall race riots">
Southall race riots



</doc>
<doc id="6963723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963723" title="Phillip Bauer">
Phillip Bauer



</doc>
<doc id="6963728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963728" title="Jan Rambo">
Jan Rambo



</doc>
<doc id="6963729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963729" title="Steve Vinovich">
Steve Vinovich

Steve Vinovich (born January 22, 1945) is an American actor.
Biography.
Vinovich was born on January 22, 1945, in Peoria, Illinois.
Vinovich has appeared in several feature films such as B.J Wert in 1987's "Mannequin", and Dr. Novos in the 1994 comedy "The Santa Clause". He also voiced Puffin in the 1994 animated film "The Swan Princess" and one of the only three actors of the original cast to reprise his role for the two direct-to-video sequels (the other two being Michelle Nicastro as Princess Odette and James Arrington as Sir Chamberlain).
He appeared in "The Foreigner" at Corn Stock Theatre in Peoria, Illinois the summer of 2013 and has appeared in Broadway shows including "Waitress", "All The Way, Lost in Yonkers, The Grand Tour" and "The Robber Bridegroom".
He is married to actress Carolyn Mignini. 

</doc>
<doc id="6963734" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963734" title="Los Angelisation">
Los Angelisation



</doc>
<doc id="6963745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963745" title="South Dakota Air and Space Museum">
South Dakota Air and Space Museum

The South Dakota Air and Space Museum is an aviation museum located in Box Elder, South Dakota, just outside the main gate of Ellsworth Air Force Base. It is dedicated to the history of the United States Air Force, the base and aerospace in South Dakota.
History.
The Ellsworth Heritage Foundation was founded as a result of a United States Air Force program began in 1982 to establish museums at various bases around the country. The museum was co-founded by Gerald E. Teachout in 1983. Fundraising for a new building began in 1985, but the museum was given four former F-89 hangars and a two-story building that had been planned for demolition. The hangars and building were moved to the museum's current location near the base's main gate in 1992.
The museum received a mockup of a Northrop Grumman B-2 Spirit from the American Honda Motor Company in 1989. The following year, it restored a Boeing B-29 Superfortress and received a Boeing B-47 Stratojet from Pease Air Force Base.
A Convair B-36 on display in Texas was originally planned to be added to the museum in 1992, but it was eventually transferred to another museum. In 1994, a Minuteman II missile silo trainer located on Ellsworth Air Force Base was added to the museum inventory.
The museum received a grant in 1998 to renovate its displays. In 2001, a new entrance with a Rockwell B-1 Lancer was dedicated. Following a restoration, an AGM-28 Hound Dog missile was unveiled in 2011. A two-year landscaping project was completed in 2016. In 2017 the museum dedicated a Titan I missile on display in the outdoor airpark. In 2019, the museum partnered with the Commemorative Air Force to fly a B-25 across the state to recognize the two South Dakotans who participated in the Doolittle Raid. A model of an AGM-158 missile was placed on display in 2022. The museum reopened in June 2024 after having been closed for two years.
Exhibits.
The museum has four interior galleries named for Frank Hunter, Duke Corning, Clyde Ice, and Joe Foss. Displays cover the history of aerospace technology, the World Wars, the Cold War, aviation pioneers, and the Ellsworth Air Force Base. A number of training aids, such as F-106 and B-1B cockpits, an F-16 simulator, and a Minuteman Crew Mission Procedures Trainer are on display. Other exhibits include Stratobowl Balloon Launches in the 1930s, 44th Bombardment Group/44th Strategic Missile Wing, and the South Dakota Aviation Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="6963746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963746" title="List of national flags depicting a cross">
List of national flags depicting a cross



</doc>
<doc id="6963751" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963751" title="Iława County">
Iława County

Iława County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland.
In the years 1945-1958 it existed under the name Susz County (), subsequently renamed Iława County and abolished along with all powiats of Poland in 1975. Its current incarnation has been reestablished on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Iława, which lies west of the regional capital Olsztyn. The county contains four other towns: Lubawa, south of Iława, Susz, north-west of Iława, Kisielice, west of Iława, and Zalewo, north of Iława.
The county covers an area of . As of 2025 its total population is 89,540, out of which the population of Iława is 32,013, that of Lubawa is 10,670, that of Susz is 5,222, that of Kisielice is 1,983, that of Zalewo is 1,986, and the rural population is 37,666.
Neighbouring counties.
Iława County is bordered by Ostróda County to the east, Działdowo County to the south-east, Nowe Miasto County to the south, Grudziądz County and Kwidzyn County to the west, and Sztum County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into seven gminas (two urban, three urban-rural and two rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="6963753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963753" title="Powiat of Iława">
Powiat of Iława



</doc>
<doc id="6963754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963754" title="Ilawa County">
Ilawa County



</doc>
<doc id="6963765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963765" title="Nursia">
Nursia



</doc>
<doc id="6963769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963769" title="Oswin">
Oswin



</doc>
<doc id="6963770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963770" title="Stephen Vinovich">
Stephen Vinovich



</doc>
<doc id="6963777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963777" title="Antrim Senior Football Championship">
Antrim Senior Football Championship

The Antrim Senior Football Championship is an annual Gaelic Athletic Association competition between the top Gaelic football clubs in Antrim GAA. The winners of the championship represent Antrim in the Ulster Senior Club Football Championship.
The current champions are Erin's Own, Cargin, having defeated Portglenone in the 2024 final.

</doc>
<doc id="6963779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963779" title="Phototransister">
Phototransister



</doc>
<doc id="6963794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963794" title="Kathryn Scott (singer)">
Kathryn Scott (singer)

Kathryn Sarah Scott (born 29 September 1974) is a contemporary worship music songwriter and worship leader from Northern Ireland. She has written songs such as "Hungry", "At the Foot of the Cross", and "Search Me" for the worshipping church. She released her first album, "Satisfy", in 2004, and followed it up with "I Belong" in 2007 and "We Still Believe" in 2010. She returned in 2020 with "Speak to Me", released in partnership with Watershed Music Group. The worship experience was recorded live at Causeway Coast Vineyard in Northern Ireland, which was produced by Martin Smith (Integrity Music) and features, both, Martin and his daughter Elle Limebear (Provident Label Group). 
Scott was born in Eastbourne, England and was brought up in Northern Ireland in a Christian environment. She discovered her talents for not only piano playing but also for singing at an early age. After getting married in 1996, Scott met and began to be mentored by Brian Doerksen, then a mentor of worship leaders from Vineyard Churches UK and Ireland, and as a result, Scott's songs feature on many of the Vineyard Records UK albums, including "Hungry", "Surrender" and "Come, Now is the Time".
Scott was one of the leading contributors to "Hungry", one of the most influential albums in international contemporary worship music. Released in 1999 by Vineyard Records UK, it contains two of her self-penned songs (including the title track) and another with her writing credits. Scott, one of five worship leaders on the album, sings on seven of the songs, two alongside another of the worship leaders on the album.
Her first solo album "Satisfy", contains a dozen songs; seven of which Scott penned. It was recorded in 2003 and released on 21 May 2004 by Vertical Records.
She and her husband, Alan, serve as pastors of Dwelling Place Anaheim, a church in California.

</doc>
<doc id="6963798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963798" title="R-110">
R-110

R-110, R110, R.110, R 110 or variant may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6963809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963809" title="USS Turner (DDR-834)">
USS Turner (DDR-834)



</doc>
<doc id="6963812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963812" title="National Parks of Austria">
National Parks of Austria



</doc>
<doc id="6963814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963814" title="The Two Mrs. Carrolls">
The Two Mrs. Carrolls

The Two Mrs. Carrolls is a 1947 American mystery film noir directed by Peter Godfrey and starring Humphrey Bogart, Barbara Stanwyck, and Alexis Smith. It was produced by Mark Hellinger from a screenplay by Thomas Job, based on the 1935 play of the same name by Martin Vale (a pseudonym of Marguerite Vale Veiller).
Plot.
While on vacation in Scotland, Sally Morton learns that her lover of the past two weeks, painter Geoffrey Carroll, is married, to an invalid no less, so she ends their romance. Back home in London with his wife and pre-teen daughter, Beatrice ("Bea"), Geoffrey buys a package of a potentially-dangerous substance from chemist Horace Blagdon, signing the register with a false name. Geoffrey is painting his wife's portrait, depicting her as the Angel of Death.
Two years later, Geoffrey's first wife has died, and he is married to Sally. They live in a small town in the mansion she inherited from her father. Although Geoffrey's career is going well, lately he has been uninspired. One day, Sally is paid a surprise visit by lawyer Charles "Penny" Pennington, her old fiancé, to introduce his wealthy client, Mrs. Latham, and Cecily, her icy, but beautiful, daughter, to Sally and Geoffrey. Cecily asks Geoffrey to paint her portrait, and they begin an affair. Blagdon, who is in debt from betting on horses, tracks down Geoffrey and begins to blackmail him.
Months pass. Sally has been suffering from intermittent weakness and headaches for three weeks, but hopes Dr. Tuttle, the bumbling, alcoholic local physician, will give his approval for her to host a dinner party that evening. He would prefer she rest, but is not overly concerned, as he believes she is just suffering from "a case of nerves". Downstairs, Cecily visits Geoffrey in secret to tell him that she is going to South America in two days and invite him to come with her.
Geoffrey makes an excuse to go to London to see Blagdon, who has demanded the balance of the blackmail money. Sally is surprised to find Bea packing to go to boarding school, as Geoffrey had not mentioned he was sending her away, but helps the girl pack, and Bea tells a story that indicates her mother was not an invalid. Confused, Sally presses the issue, and Bea says her mother was well until shortly after Geoffrey returned from a trip to Scotland, when she began to suffer from symptoms very similar to those Sally is experiencing. Sally now suspects Geoffrey has been poisoning her via nightly glasses of milk, but Bea does not notice she is shaken and just wants to see the portrait of Sally that Geoffrey has been working on, but not let anyone see, before she leaves. They enter Geoffrey's studio and are both shocked to discover a painting depicting Sally as the Angel of Death. Meanwhile, Geoffrey, who was only able to get part of the money Blagdon demanded, responds to the chemist's threats by beating him to death.
The dinner party goes on without Geoffrey, but he gets home just as the guests are leaving, and tells Cecily that he is going to tell Sally about them and go to South America with her. The maid leaves to take Bea to boarding school, and, once they are alone, Geoffrey brings Sally her milk. She is able to quickly pour it out the window when Geoffrey goes to answer the phone, and retires to her bedroom soon after he returns. Geoffrey soon notices some spilled milk and realizes Sally is on to him. Inspired by a newspaper article that says a series of local burglaries may be tied to a notorious strangler, Geoffrey ransacks the living room before going outside and breaking back into the house. Sally refuses to let him in the bedroom, so he cuts the telephone line, but she is able to call Penny first and tell him to get the police. Terrified, she paces in her room until Geoffrey breaks in through the window. He tells her that, because she no longer inspires his work, she must die so he can find a new muse, which he admits happened once before. As Penny arrives outside with two police officers, Geoffrey begins to choke Sally to frame the burglar, but he stops when they get inside, and unlocks the bedroom door. Penny rushes to Sally, and the officers lead Geoffrey away. On the staircase, he asks if they would like a glass of milk, but the officers shake their heads.
Cast.
The film's director, Peter Godfrey, appears uncredited as the man selling a tip on a horse at the racetrack.
Production.
"Martin Vale" was a pseudonym of Marguerite Vale Veiller, the wife of writer Bayard Veiller. Her play, "The Two Mrs. Carrolls", opened in London in 1935, and, rewritten, moved to Broadway in 1943, where it was a minor hit.
Actress Elisabeth Bergner won high praise for her portrayal of Sally Morton Carroll on the stage. During the run of the play, a shy girl showed up at the stage door night after night to speak with Bergner, and Bergner eventually became a mentor to the girl, sponsored her career in the theater, and won her a role as an understudy in "The Two Mrs. Carrolls". The girl eventually undercut Bergner's career, and the incident became the basis for the short story "The Wisdom of Eve" (1946) by Mary Orr, which was adapted for the movie "All About Eve" (1950).
In the summer of 1944, Warner Brothers paid $225,000 for the film rights to the play. Before a screenwriter had even been assigned to the project, Warners announced that Bette Davis would star as Sally Carroll, and Jesse L. Lasky would produce. Meanwhile, Warners also purchased the rights to the Ayn Rand novel "The Fountainhead", and announced Mervyn LeRoy would direct the film adaptation, and Humphrey Bogart and Barbara Stanwyck would star in it.
"The Two Mrs. Carrolls" was significantly altered for the film. In the play, the first Mrs. Carroll is not murdered in the first act, but, rather, lives (off-stage) until the third act, and telephones Sally to warn her that Geoffrey is attempting to poison her. This provides a major shock to the audience, which had no reason to suspect Geoffrey. In the screenplay, the first Mrs. Carroll dies (off-screen) minutes into the film, and suspense replaces shock, as Sally slowly begins to suspect her husband of murder. William Faulkner worked on an early treatment of the play.
Some time in the latter half of 1944, Warners announced that Ida Lupino and Zachary Scott would star in "The Two Mrs. Carrolls". On November 12, however, the studio said Barbara Stanwyck would star alongside Paul Henreid, and that Robert Buckner would produce the film. Then, on February 9, 1945, the studio announced that it was placing its production of "The Fountainhead" on hold due to the high cost and unavailability of materials to construct the large architectural sets for the film. The studio also announced it had recast "The Two Mrs. Carrolls" with Humphrey Bogart and Barbara Stanwyck.
According to Stanwyck biographer Axel Madsen, Stanwyck agreed to do the film out of boredom, as her husband, Robert Taylor, was serving in the U.S. military in World War II, and, although the war in Europe was clearly ending, she knew he would not return to the United States for many months. Another reason Stanwyck agreed to do the film is that she had become close friends with director Peter Godfrey after working with him on the Christmas comedy "Christmas in Connecticut", which was filmed in 1944. Stanwyck biographer Dan Callahan has argued that Stanwyck's friendship with Godfrey blinded her to his shortcomings as a director, which were significant. Film historian Edmund Bansak notes that "The Two Mrs. Carrolls" was written as a vehicle for Stanwyck, which may also explain her willingness to star in the picture, but Bogart biographer Richard Gehman challenges this claim, saying the rights to the play were purchased so Bogart could star in the film adaptation.
Although the studio assigned a B movie director and producer to the film, it hired A-list stars, and the film had an A-list budget. Filming lasted from April to June 1945, with a brief hiatus in the production to accommodate the honeymoon of Bogart, who married Lauren Bacall on May 21. Almost all of the filming took place at the Warner Bros. studio on sets designed by Warners' veteran set designer Anton Grot. Painter John Decker produced the two portraits seen in the film.
Bogart and Stanwyck had a friendly relationship on set. Producer Mark Hellinger, whom Bogart liked very much, announced that Bogart would not be seen in any painter's outfits that would appear unmasculine, so, when a painter's smock and beret with a tassel showed up on his wardrobe rack one day, the actor was furious. It turned out that the smock and beret were a joke perpetrated by Stanwyck, and the two performers had a good laugh afterward.
Warner Bros. did not immediately release "The Two Mrs. Carrolls" after it was completed, and there are different theories about the reason for the delay. Turner Classic Movies reviewer Jeremy Arnold stated it was because of the film's strong similarity to the 1944 film "Gaslight", but film historian Richard Schickel has said it was because Warners hoped Bogart's rising popularity as a Hollywood star would help overcome his awful performance in the film. Then, the song "Open the Door, Richard" became popular, with five versions being released in 1946 and 1947. The studio reportedly considered cutting or refilming the scene in which Bogart pounds on Stanwyck's bedroom door, demanding that she open it, but ultimately left it unchanged.
"The Two Mrs. Carrolls" was finally released in the United States on March 4, 1947. Warners had a relatively poor marketing campaign for the picture. Theater owners were asked to promote the film by holding contests in which female patrons were to decide whether they looked more like Barbara Stanwyck or Alexis Smith.
Themes.
Painting, portraiture, and art play major roles in "The Two Mrs. Carrolls." Many scholars have noted the similarity between Edgar Allan Poe's short story "The Oval Portrait" and this film. In Poe's story, a man obsessively paints his wife's realistic portrait for weeks only to discover that she has died during the process and her spirit now inhabits the painting. Similarly, Geoffrey Carroll begins obsessively painting his wives as "angels of death" before killing them. "The Two Mrs. Carrolls" is also one of several murder/mystery films and film noirs—such as "A Double Life" (1947), "Experiment Perilous" (1943), "Gaslight" (1944), "Laura" (1944), "The Paradine Case" (1947), "The Picture of Dorian Gray" (1945), "Rebecca" (1940), "Scarlet Street" (1945), "A Woman's Vengeance" (1947)—made in the 1940s in which a portrait (usually of a woman) plays a major role, by obsessing a character, by depicting a clue to a mystery, by summoning bad memories, by acting as a catalyst for action, or through some other means.
More specifically, "The Two Mrs. Carrolls" positions the image of a woman as emasculating. The film depicts Geoffrey Carroll as being able to paint only when engaged in immoral behavior, such as adultery or murder. A happy relationship with a healthy, active woman is debilitating, and he turns toward adultery to solve his problem. The more powerful his paintings of women become, the more he sinks into madness (and murder). Film theorist Helen Hanson pointed out that any image of a strong, happy woman not only undercuts Carroll's artistic abilities, but also drives him insane. A corollary theme running through the film is the idea of art as demasculinizing. Film historian Philip Hayward observed that the picture goes to excessive lengths to denigrate art and artists. Christine, the Carrolls' housekeeper, judgmentally sneers, "When you work for an artist, you can expect just about anything." A rich visitor to the Carroll mansion denigrates Geoffrey's art by caustically declaring that "The man is an art critic — the women are normal people." In its publicity campaign for the picture, Warner Bros. played up Bogart's masculine screen image in order to counter any idea that his role might be effeminate.
Paranoia is another theme running through the film. Although Sally Morton knows that Geoffrey Carroll is a liar, having learned in the film's opening minutes that he has lied about his marital status, she nevertheless agrees to marry him. She does not begin to suspect her husband may be poisoning her until after a conversation with her step-daughter about the death of the first Mrs. Carroll, but her paranoia becomes the dominant theme of the last half of the film. In this regard, as film scholar Mary Ann Doane pointed out, "The Two Mrs. Carrolls" is one of the many "paranoid women's films" that were common in the 1940s. These include "Caught" (1949), "Dragonwyck" (1946), "Experiment Perilous" (1944), "Gaslight" (1944), "Jane Eyre" (1943), "The Locket" (1946), "Secret Beyond the Door" (1948), and "The Spiral Staircase" (1946). Doane argued these films are evocative of an era in which men felt their roles as breadwinners and as workers in industry being supplanted by women due to the need for war industry workers.
Several film scholars have noted that "The Two Mrs. Carrolls" clearly evokes the Bluebeard legend. A French folk tale, the Bluebeard legend tells the tale of a hideously ugly man who has married many times, each wife mysteriously disappearing. When his pretty young new bride discovers that he has murdered his previous spouses, Bluebeard attempts to kill her, but she is saved by the intervention of relatives.
Box office.
"The Two Mrs. Carrolls" did poorly at the box office. According to Warner Bros. records, the film earned $2,292,000 in the U.S. and $1,277,000 in other markets.
Critical reception.
The film received generally poor reviews in the United States upon its release, and reviewers in the British press found its "quaint old English" atmosphere over the top and amusing. Modern reviewers tend to be highly critical of the film, but some find redeeming elements in it.
Writing in 2001, Stanwyck biographer Axel Madsen's felt Godfrey indulged Bogart as a director, "letting [him] mug outrageously", and thought both Bogart and Stanwyck were miscast and that the script undermined any suspense in the plot by repeatedly alluding to Bogart's madness. He stated that the one well-written and well-acted scene in the film occurs when Stanwyck breaks into Bogart's studio and sees his demonic painting of her. Film historian Daniel Bubbeo, while unhappy with the film's similarities to "Gaslight" (1944) and "Suspicion" (1941), praised the scene in which Bogart, in terrifying makeup, crashes through a window to attack Stanwyck. Author Casie Hermansson pointed out that, in particular, the scene in which Bogart climbs a set of stairs to bring Stanwyck a glass of poisoned milk is almost identical to a scene in "Suspicion".
In 2012, Stanwyck biographer Dan Callahan called the film a "dreadful adaptation of a derivative stage thriller", and far too similar to "Suspicion". He found that Peter Godfrey's direction exhibited "a whole new level of miscalculation and incompetence", and had a very low opinion of the acting. Stanwyck, he concluded, was incongruously chipper early in the film, while giving a stilted, distracted performance in the second half; Bogart was "embarrassing" with his over-acted insanity; Nigel Bruce turned in a similarly hammy performance; and Ann Carter's adult-sounding dialogue was delivered with "lugubrious" slowness.
Film biographer David Quinlan, writing in 1983, concluded that the film's fundamental flaws stem from Godfrey's shortcomings as a director and the miscasting of Bogart as an insane wife-killer. Film reviewer Barry Monush felt the script gave Alexis Smith so little to do that casting her hardly seemed worth it.
Turner Classic Movies reviewer Jeremy Arnold was much more positive about the film, noting that its visuals were quite effective in creating an "impressive Gothic atmosphere. Godfrey uses mysterious lighting, images of blowing curtains and haunting paintings, and sounds of creaking boards, closing doors, and church bells to build suspense and a creepy atmosphere." Sociologist Steve Zimmerman, while noting the film's many shortcomings, said it "manages to hold one's attention". Film historian Edmund Bansak, while acknowledging that Bogart and Stanwyck were miscast, found that Stanwyck stole the show with her performance. He also thought the film well-produced, the musical score by Franz Waxman highly effective, and the scene depicting Stanwyck's discovery of the "angel of death" painting very good.

</doc>
<doc id="6963821" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963821" title="USS Lloyd Thomas (DDE-764)">
USS Lloyd Thomas (DDE-764)



</doc>
<doc id="6963824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963824" title="Avia river">
Avia river



</doc>
<doc id="6963826" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963826" title="Cat fish">
Cat fish



</doc>
<doc id="6963830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963830" title="Left radicalism">
Left radicalism



</doc>
<doc id="6963831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963831" title="Great Belize Productions">
Great Belize Productions

Great Belize Productions is a Belize-based local production company and the parent company of Greater Belize Media (Channel 5).
Founding.
GBP was formed in 1982 as a video making company specialising in commercials for Belize's then-small television industry. It had a hand in the creation of several 1980s and 1990s motion pictures, including "Dogs of War" (1980), "The Mosquito Coast" (1986), "Caribe" (1987) and "Heart of Darkness" (1993).
Among the early proprietors of GBP was the late Emory King.
Great Belize Productions' first successful television series actually predates Channel 5. "Belize All Over", premiering in the late 1980s, featured stories on Belize told by local Belizean personalities. Clips from the show are still shown on Channel 5, particularly in the newscast.
In 1991, Great Belize received a license to broadcast on local television. Channel 5 began in December of that year and is Belize's most popular television station. With the rise of Channel 5, GBP has largely abandoned video production for outside sources, choosing instead to focus on building Channel 5 presentations.
Sale to Telemedia.
On June 16, 2008 it was announced that Belize Telemedia had acquired Great Belize Productions. Telemedia is rumored to still be majority-owned by Lord Michael Ashcroft, a fact which rankled many Belizeans. Former PUP figure and government official Amalia Mai is the company's new CEO.
Amandala columnist Frankie Rhys announced shortly after the sale that he would stop watching Channel 5 in protest; KREM's Evan Mose Hyde has since frequently called GBP's Channel 5 "Ashcroft TV" in protest of the sale.
For more, see Greater Belize Media.

</doc>
<doc id="6963841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963841" title="Bruning Army Airfield.">
Bruning Army Airfield.



</doc>
<doc id="6963846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963846" title="Enfide">
Enfide



</doc>
<doc id="6963852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963852" title="Anti-Anarchism">
Anti-Anarchism



</doc>
<doc id="6963855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963855" title="USS Holder (DDE-819)">
USS Holder (DDE-819)



</doc>
<doc id="6963863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963863" title="Haste Killed Creativity">
Haste Killed Creativity



</doc>
<doc id="6963869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963869" title="USS Fred T. Berry (DDE-858)">
USS Fred T. Berry (DDE-858)



</doc>
<doc id="6963870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963870" title="I Am Citizen">
I Am Citizen



</doc>
<doc id="6963873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963873" title="Ben Shedd">
Ben Shedd

Ben Shedd is an American director, producer, and writer of film and video. He shared the 1978 Academy Award for Best Documentary Short Film.
Education.
He earned a BA from San Francisco State University in 1968 and an MA from the University of Southern California School of Cinematic Arts in 1973.
Career.
As a member of the original production team, he worked on the PBS science series "Nova". He worked on the first program in 1972 and acted as a director, producer, and writer during "Nova"’s second and third seasons in 1973-1976.
Since 1985, he has directed and produced giant screen IMAX-type science films, including "Seasons" and "Tropical Rainforest". Ben Shedd has described large-format film and fulldome video as “exploding the frame,” where the frame to which he refers relates to experiences typified by “framed” cinematic art.
Recognition.
Ben Shedd shared a Peabody Award for the second season of "Nova". 
Shedd and Jacqueline Phillips Shedd, producers of "The Flight of the Gossamer Condor" film, received the 1978 Academy Award for Documentary Short Subject. The film tells the story of history's first successful human powered airplane—designed by inventor Paul MacCready and his team from AeroVironment, flown by pilot Bryan Allen.

</doc>
<doc id="6963878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963878" title="Rock'n'Roll Bullshit">
Rock'n'Roll Bullshit



</doc>
<doc id="6963889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963889" title="USS Keppler (DDE-765)">
USS Keppler (DDE-765)



</doc>
<doc id="6963891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963891" title="Walking Is Still Honest">
Walking Is Still Honest



</doc>
<doc id="6963899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963899" title="USS Epperson (DDE-719)">
USS Epperson (DDE-719)



</doc>
<doc id="6963907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963907" title="French Institute - Alliance Francaise">
French Institute - Alliance Francaise



</doc>
<doc id="6963908" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963908" title="Skanda Vale">
Skanda Vale

Skanda Vale is a non-denominational spiritual centre and monastery located in Carmarthenshire, Wales, near the village of Llanpumsaint. Founded in 1973 by Guru Sri Subramanium, the monastery is inhabited and run by the Community of the Many Names of God, which also runs Somaskanda Ashram in Switzerland. Skanda Vale promotes a practical spirituality centred on devotion and selfless service.
Skanda Vale is a syncretic religious community, albeit one that is seen from the outside as being a Hindu ashram. The monastics take Franciscan Christian vows of poverty, obedience and chastity and wear Christian monk-style robes. The ethos is based on Krishna's teachings from the Bhagavad Gita and sanatana dharma. The main shrines are to Hindu deities, and the pujas are clearly Hindu, however most monks and nuns are from western backgrounds. The temples are a place of pilgrimage for Hindus from Tamil and South Indian backgrounds who worship Murugan. Gujuratis and Bengalis visit the temples of Vishnu and Shakti.
Skanda Vale is a registered charity in the UK and is funded entirely by donations. It is closely associated with the legally separate charity that sustains Skanda Vale Hospice.
History.
Skanda Vale was founded in 1973 by Guru Sri Subramanium, who had previously been living and working in London while giving support and instruction to spiritual seekers of various backgrounds. The original property was previously a smallholding of 22 acres.
The original farmhouse was converted into the Subramanium Temple, dedicated primarily to Murugan (Skanda being one of Murugan's names), but also accommodating the veneration of other divinities such as Shiva, Kali, Vishnu, Jesus Christ and the Buddha. The monastic community known as the Community of the Many Names of God was established in Skanda Vale, and the ashram grew in area and population over the years. A second temple, the Maha Shakti temple, was established in 1991. This temple is dedicated to the goddess Kali.
In 1993 Skanda Vale Hospice was set up by members of the Community of the Many Names of God. This hospice conducts palliative care for the terminally ill, in line with Skanda Vale's emphasis on the sanctity of life.
A third temple, the Sri Ranganatha Temple, was inaugurated in 1999. The founder of Skanda Vale, Guru Sri Subramanium, died in 2007.
Immediately following the death of its founder, Skanda Vale became embroiled in controversy regarding Shambo, a bull living in the care of the community. Shambo was tested positive for bovine tuberculosis. As a result, the Welsh government ordered him killed. The Community at Skanda Vale resisted this order, expressing their belief in the sanctity of life. The campaign to save Shambo and associated court battles reached international news, and drew involvement from the Hindu community in the UK and internationally. Shambo was ultimately confirmed killed on 27 July 2007.
Somaskanda Ashram in Switzerland was established in 2016 as a second ashram of the Community of the Many Names of God. The property had first been purchased by Swiss devotees in 1994, and was finally inaugurated as a fully-fledged temple in October 2016.
In the present day, Skanda Vale continues to operate as a spiritual centre and place of pilgrimage for people of a wide variety of backgrounds, as well as acting as an animal sanctuary, a centre for food aid distribution and as support for Skanda Vale Hospice. 
Ethos.
Skanda Vale teaches and practices a practical spirituality suited to the varying inclinations of individual seekers, with an especial focus on devotion and selfless service, or bhakti yoga and karma yoga respectively, and integration with the Divine through direct experience in the course of daily living. As part of this practice, Skanda Vale upholds a belief in the sanctity of all life, based on an understanding of all life as expressions of universal Divinity.
The community's founder taught that all life emerged from an underlying non-dual timeless consciousness, broadly in line with the teachings of Advaita Vedanta. While based in this understanding, Skanda Vale celebrates a broad diversity of spiritual paths and approaches. The organisation adopts a liberal perennialist approach to the wide variety of spiritual inclinations and needs of individual seekers.
Activities.
The ashram has three temples - the Subramanium Temple, Maha Shakti Temple and Sri Ranganatha Temple. There is a regular routine of six daily pujas spread across these three temples, punctuated by extended pujas on special occasions. Worship in these temples is led by members of the resident Community of the Many Names of God, but is open to participation by all visitors. All activity at Skanda Vale is funded entirely by anonymous donations, in line with the Community's policy of non-commercialism.
Skanda Vale reports receiving over 90,000 pilgrims a year. All of these pilgrims are given free meals, and many are accommodated in the ashram's accommodation. Skanda Vale provides emotional and spiritual support for visitors and devotees, and also holds spiritual seminars in London and in its child ashram in Switzerland.
Much of Skanda Vale's activity also relates to its belief in the sanctity of life. Based on this ethos, Skanda Vale supports Skanda Vale Hospice, and also operates an animal sanctuary on its land. Animals cared for at Skanda Vale include cattle, buffalo, horses, chickens and other birds and a pair of Asian elephants. Valli, Skanda Vale's original temple elephant, was given to the ashram's founder by Sri Lankan President Jayawardene, having previously been in an elephant orphanage.
The Community of the Many Names of God.
The resident community at Skanda Vale and Somaskanda Ashram is known as the Community of the Many Names of God. The community is made up of about 25 monks and nuns and a small number of lay members.
All monastics take vows modelled on the Franciscan monastic vows of poverty, chastity and obedience, and wear a robe modelled on the Franciscan habit. The Community of the Many Names of God maintains a special relationship with Saint Francis of Assisi, holding a special service on his feast day every year.

</doc>
<doc id="6963910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963910" title="Kok-Yangak">
Kok-Yangak



</doc>
<doc id="6963915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963915" title="Imamate of Oman">
Imamate of Oman

The Imamate of Oman () was several succession of states within the "Oman proper" () in the Hajar Mountains, part of the present-day Sultanate of Oman. The capital of the Imamate alternated historically between Rustaq and Nizwa. The Imamate's territory extended north to Ibri and south to the Alsharqiyah region and the Sharqiya Sands. The Imamate was bounded in the east by the Hajar Mountains and in the west by the Rub' al Khali (Empty Quarter) desert. The Al Hajar Mountains separated the Imamate of Oman from Muscat and Oman. The elected Imam (ruler) resided in the capital, and Walis (governors) represented the Imamate in its different regions.
The Imamate of Oman, similar to the Sultanate of Muscat, was ruled by the Ibadi sect. Imams exercised spiritual and temporal representation over the region. The Imamate is a 1,200-year-old system of government pioneered by the Ibadi religious leaders of Oman, and was based upon the Islamic sharia. The Imamate holds that the ruler should be elected. The imam is considered as the head of the community but tribalism that is part of the Omani society encouraged a decentralised form of governance that would help sustain political unity among the Omanis. The Imamate set out a government system wherein the ruler should not have absolute political nor military power; rather power should be shared with local governors. To prevent local or external threats to the Imamate, the imam had to gather the support of the local communities and tribes to raise a force to fight for a certain cause. The imam needed in-depth understanding of tribal politics and political acumen to maintain political stability within the Imamate when conflicts occurred.
History.
Omani Azd used to travel to Basra for trade. Omani Azd were granted a section of Basra, where they could settle and attend their needs. Many of the Azd who settled in Basra became wealthy merchants and under their leader Muhallab bin Abi Sufrah started to expand the influence of power east towards Khorasan. Ibadi Islam originated in Basra with its founder Abdullah ibn Ibada around the year 650 CE, which the Azd in Iraq followed. Later, al-Hajjaj ibn Yusuf, the Umayyad governor of Iraq, came into conflict with the Ibadis, which forced them out to Oman. Among those who returned to Oman was the scholar Jabir ibn Zayd, an Omani Azdi. His return and the return of many other scholars greatly enhanced the Ibadi movement in Oman. The Imamate is estimated to have been established in 750 CE, shortly after the fall of the Umayyads.
Since its appearance, the Imamate governed parts or the whole of present-day Oman and overseas lands for interrupted periods of time. At its peak power, the Imamate was able to expel the Portuguese colonizers out of Oman and established a sea power that extended its empire to the Persian Gulf and East Africa during the 17th century. Even though the Imamate was isolated by the Al Hajar Mountains and the Rub' al Khali desert, it had extensive global trade, as it exported dried dates, limes and handmade cotton textiles, and imported other products. The majority of trade happened with the Indian subcontinent.
In the mid-18th century, Ahmed bin Sa'id Al Bu Said, who came from a small village in the interior of Oman, expelled the Persian colonizers from Oman and became the elected Imam of Oman, with Rustaq as its capital. Upon Imam Ahmed's death in 1783, the sovereignty of Oman was divided between the coastal side, which followed a hereditary line of succession ruled by Albusaidi Sultans in Muscat, and the interior of Oman, which retained the elective Imamate and later moved its capital from Rustaq to Nizwa. The British Empire was keen to dominate southeast Arabia to stifle the growing dominance of other European powers and counter the emerging maritime strength of the Omani Empire during the 18th and 19th centuries. The British thus made the decision to back the Albusaidi Sultans of Muscat. The British empire established a series of treaties with the Sultans with the objective of advancing British political and economic interest in Muscat, in return for granting protection to the Sultans. The Sultanate eventually became increasingly dependent on British loans and political advice. There were often tensions between the imams and the sultans of Muscat. The dispute between the Imamate and the Sultanate was for the most part political. The Omanis in the interior believed that the ruler should be elected and rejected growing British political and economic control over Muscat and Oman. In 1913, Imam Salim ibn Rashid al-Kharusi instigated an anti-Muscat rebellion that lasted until 1920 when the Imamate established peace with the Sultanate through the signing of Treaty of Seeb. The treaty resulted in a "de facto" split between Oman and Muscat, wherein the interior part (Oman) was ruled by the Imamate and the coastal part (Muscat) was ruled by the Sultanate. Iraq Petroleum Company, which signed an oil concession with the Sultan of Muscat in 1937, deduced that oil was very likely to exist in the interior regions of Oman. In 1954, a new imam, Ghalib Alhinai, defended the Imamate from the attacks of the Sultanate of Muscat, which was backed by the British government. Sultan Said Bin Taimur of Muscat, with the direct support from the British forces, was able to defeat the Imamate in Jebel Akhdar War that lasted until 1959. The name Muscat and Oman was changed to the Sultanate of Oman in 1970.
In current usage, "Oman proper" can also refer to the whole of the present-day sultanate minus the exclaves of Musandam and Madha.
Phases.
There are eight phases in the history of the Imamate of Oman:

</doc>
<doc id="6963925" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963925" title="USS William M. Wood (DDR-715)">
USS William M. Wood (DDR-715)



</doc>
<doc id="6963929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963929" title="List of national parks of Austria">
List of national parks of Austria



</doc>
<doc id="6963930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963930" title="British Rapidplay Chess Championships">
British Rapidplay Chess Championships

The British Rapidplay Chess Championships is a rapidplay chess tournament held since 1986 under the auspices of the English Chess Federation.
The tournament typically takes place over a single weekend and consists of 11 rounds of chess. The 4NCL took over the organisation of the event from 2023.

</doc>
<doc id="6963932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963932" title="No kill movement">
No kill movement



</doc>
<doc id="6963937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963937" title="USS William M. Wood">
USS William M. Wood

USS "William M. Wood" has been the name of more than one United States Navy ship, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6963944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963944" title="USS Herbert J. Thomas (DDR-833)">
USS Herbert J. Thomas (DDR-833)



</doc>
<doc id="6963945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963945" title="Paul Guthnick">
Paul Guthnick

Paul Guthnick (January 12, 1879 – September 6, 1947) was a German astronomer.
Born in Hitdorf am Rhein, he studied at the University of Bonn receiving his doctorate in 1901 under Friedrich Küstner. He worked from 1901 at the Royal Observatory of Berlin and studied variable stars and specifically Mira. As Berlin expanded, it became less possible to conduct astronomical observations there and Guthnick used, from 1906 onward, the local park known as Babelsberg. An observatory was later built there after approval by the government. He was appointed professor of astrophysics at the University of Berlin in 1916. In 1921, he became director of the Babelsberg Observatory.
He conducted observations of the stars of the Southern Hemisphere on an expedition to Windhoek in 1929. After the seizure of power by the Nazis in 1933, Guthnick adapted himself to new conditions under the regime, although he opposed the pseudoscientific "World Ice Theory" favored by Himmler.
He died in Berlin. According to his obituary in the "Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society", he was a devoted Catholic.
The lunar crater Guthnick is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="6963948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963948" title="MTV Latvija">
MTV Latvija



</doc>
<doc id="6963954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963954" title="List of national parks in Austria">
List of national parks in Austria



</doc>
<doc id="6963957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963957" title="Skjöldunga saga">
Skjöldunga saga

The Skjöldunga saga (or, in another standardised Old Norse spelling, "Skjǫldunga saga") was an Old Norse legendary saga. Dating from c. 1180 – 1200, the saga was lost in its original form. The saga focused on the Danish dynasty of Scylding (Old Norse "Skjöldung", plural "Skjöldungar"), the same semi-legendary dynasty featured in the Old English poem "Beowulf". The fragmentary Icelandic text known as "Sögubrot af nokkrum fornkonungum" is believed to be based on the "Skjöldunga saga", perhaps deriving from a late version of that work. Another surviving source that contains material from the saga (and continues where "Sögubrot" ends) is Arngrimur's "Ad catalogum regum Sveciæ annotanda".
Arngrímur Jónsson paraphrased parts of it into Latin, and parts of it are thought to be preserved in other sagas, including "Óláfs saga Tryggvasonar en mesta" and "Ragnarssona þáttr". It may relate to Saxo Grammaticus and contain a version of the story that inspired the lost "Ur-Hamlet" and ultimately William Shakespeare's "Hamlet".

</doc>
<doc id="6963958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963958" title="Anti-anarchist">
Anti-anarchist



</doc>
<doc id="6963960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963960" title="The Bloody Hawaiians">
The Bloody Hawaiians

The Bloody Hawaiians were a band made up of John Darnielle of The Mountain Goats and members of Wckr Spgt. They formed in 1985, the same year they recorded their first album, "The Magnificent Bloody Hawaiians". Darnielle played drums on the record, but he also did vocals on other releases. The band's entire discography is available in mp3 form on the Wckr Spgt website.

</doc>
<doc id="6963965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963965" title="Tathagatha">
Tathagatha



</doc>
<doc id="6963968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963968" title="I Still Love You Julie">
I Still Love You Julie



</doc>
<doc id="6963976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963976" title="USS Rich (DDE-820)">
USS Rich (DDE-820)



</doc>
<doc id="6963977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963977" title="Fenno">
Fenno

Fenno may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6963979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963979" title="Islamic Emirate of Waziristan">
Islamic Emirate of Waziristan



</doc>
<doc id="6963980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963980" title="Anllóns river">
Anllóns river



</doc>
<doc id="6963986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963986" title="What We Worked For">
What We Worked For



</doc>
<doc id="6963996" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6963996" title="List of Never Mind the Buzzcocks episodes">
List of Never Mind the Buzzcocks episodes

This is a list of episodes of "Never Mind the Buzzcocks", a satirical music-based panel game. 
The show was originally chaired by Mark Lamarr, with Sean Hughes and Phill Jupitus as team captains and two guests on each team. Lamarr left following series 17 and series 18 was chaired by a series of guest hosts. One of these, satirical "Popworld" presenter Simon Amstell, took over as presenter from series 19. Amstell left following series 22 and the show was chaired by guests until the end of Series 27. For Series 28 the show was presented by Rhod Gilbert.
Bill Bailey replaced Sean Hughes from series 11. During series 21, Bailey was unable to attend filming and so Noel Fielding provided cover for three episodes (2, 3 and 4). Bailey left permanently following this series and was replaced by guest captains until Fielding returned full-time in series 23. Professor Green replaced Fielding as team captain for one episode in series 26 (episode 5). Jupitus was unable to appear in one episode of series 25 (episode 6), the only episode of the show's original run he did not appear in (not including the 2011 Comic Relief episode for "24 Hour Panel People", his position on that occasion was taken by Frankie Boyle). In June 2013, an eight-part clip show series aired under the name "What a Load of Buzzcocks". Each episode focussed on a different year of the show and the musical stories from that year. Alex James of Blur narrated all episodes of the series.
The show continued on Sky Max from 2021 onwards, hosted by Greg Davies, with Noel Fielding and Daisy May Cooper as captains, and Jamali Maddix as a regular team member. For the fourth and fifth Sky series, Cooper is no longer team captain, with Sophie Willan being team captain in half of the episodes instead. Sky started numbering the series from 1 again. 
Episodes.
Guests are listed from the hosts' far right to far left. Guests who are best known as part of a musical group have the group after their name in brackets. Numbers in square brackets after each list indicate that team's total score. The coloured backgrounds denote the result of each of the shows:
Series 29 — Sky series 1 (2021).
This was the first series of the show's revival on Sky Max.
Series 30 — Sky series 2 (2022).
Jamali was moved to Noel's team for every episode.
Series 32 — Sky series 4 (2024).
Daisy May Cooper did not appear in any episode except for the Christmas special; she was replaced by Sophie Willan as team captain in five of the episodes. The other four episodes had a theme (episodes being titled "Never Mind the Buzzcocks Does…"), with guest captains taking Willan's place. 
Series 33 — Sky series 5 (2025).
The fifth Sky season will follow a similar format to the fourth, with Sophie Willan as team captain in some of the episodes and others having themes ("Never Mind the Buzzcocks Does…"), with guest captains.

</doc>
<doc id="6964003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964003" title="Ya'll Don't Want to Step to Dis">
Ya'll Don't Want to Step to Dis



</doc>
<doc id="6964016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964016" title="Tony Young (director)">
Tony Young (director)

Tony Young (1917–1966), sometimes credited as Anthony Young, was a British film director and television producer. His films include "Penny Points to Paradise" (1951) (the feature film debut of the stars of "The Goon Show", Spike Milligan, Harry Secombe and Peter Sellers), "The Eternal Question" (1956), and "The Runaway" (1963).
Young also produced "The Telegoons" (1963–1964) for BBC Television.

</doc>
<doc id="6964017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964017" title="North American Numbering Plan expansion">
North American Numbering Plan expansion

The expansion of the North American Numbering Plan (NANP) is the anticipated requirement for providing more telephone numbers to accommodate future needs beyond the pool of ten-digit telephone numbers. Ten-digit telephone numbers have been in use in the United States and Canada in long-distance telephone service since the 1950s. An October 2020 analysis estimated that the numbering plan would not be exhausted until after 2050.
History.
In the 1940s, the American Telephone and Telegraph Company (AT&amp;T) devised the first comprehensive continental telephone numbering plan to implement destination routing in Operator Toll Dialing with the goal of speeding the connection times in long-distance telephony. By 1951, this plan became the foundation for Direct Distance Dialing by telephone service subscribers. In the following two decades, the numbering plan became the foundation for the North American Numbering Plan (NANP), a membership organization for North American countries and affiliated territories, or regions.
The North American Numbering Plan is based on a ten-digit telephone number assigned to each telephone in the telephone network. The number is composed of the three-digit numbering plan area code, a three-digit central office code, and a four-digit station or line number. Certain rules govern the numerical format of each part. These rules have evolved from historical convention, technical aspects of the switching equipment, and administrative decisions by the network operators. These rules have resulted in reservation of blocks of telephone numbers for certain service types, non-geographic use, or future need. Based on the growing demand for telephone numbers, these rules and the allocation methods to telephone companies have been modified to mitigate exhaustion of the numbering pool.
The area code designates a numbering plan area (NPA) which is a geographic division of the numbering plan's entire service area, based principally on the boundaries of U.S. states, Canadian provinces, and smaller countries and territories. Many states and provinces are divided further to accommodate numbering plan needs and toll call routing facilities.
From 1947 to c. 1960, the initial two digits of the central office code were mapped to two letters of an often locally significant name, the central office name or exchange name. This scheme, practiced in large cities since its invention by W. G. Blauvelt of AT&amp;T in 1917, prevented the use of numerous digit combinations that did not yield pronounceable words or, at best, produced poorly distinguished names. All-number calling (ANC) removed these restrictions and permitted the phasing out of exchange names. Central office codes were initially still restricted from using digits "0" and "1" in the middle position, which provided a contrast with area codes, which had only these digits in the middle position. This last restriction was removed by 1995 with interchangeable NPA codes and the phase-out of electromechanical switching systems with programmable electronic switching systems (ESS).
The NANP telephone number pool is expanded by assigning new central office codes to switching systems in the numbering plan areas. When that capacity is reached, a new area code must be created. Assigning a new area code is possible by two principal methods. A numbering plan area may be geographically divided, a process called "area code split", or an additional area code may be assigned to an existing numbering plan area, a procedure that results in an overlay numbering plan. In area code splits, the subscribers in a part of the numbering plan area must be assigned a new area code, a procedure that requires potentially millions of subscribers to change device configuration, stationery, and business tools. While many area code splits were performed in the 1990s and early 2000s, the preferred method has since been to create area code overlays that do not require changes for existing customers. This method only requires dialing procedures, as it does not support seven-digit dialing, and requires ten-digit dialing of all calls even in the local numbering plan area.
Ten digits allow a maximum of 10 billion telephone numbers. The numbering rules of the NANP reduce that to 6.4 billion. However, a considerable percentage of these numbers will remain unused when the last available NPA code is assigned, because thousands of numbers will be reserved in exchanges that serve only small population centers, the exchange being served by a single NPA-NXX combination in non-competitive markets. More combinations would be partially unused in the event that a small market has competitive providers.
Many blocks of numbers that were unassignable have been reclaimed by rate center consolidation and number pooling in the US.
Expansion options have been discussed in industry forums for several years and recommendations for expansion have been analyzed and proposed.
The NANPA regularly performs exhaustion analyses. The April 2019 analysis anticipates exhaustion after 2049.
Many countries outside the NANP have open numbering plans in which the size of telephone numbers or area codes can be expanded as needed in each locality. In the North American Numbering Plan incremental changes were avoided, and delayed until the entire numbering plan requires expansion.
Industry recommendations.
In NANP telephone number specifications, the letter "N" represents a numeral from 2 through 9, while the letter X represents any numeral. Thus, NXX is a number from 200 through 999, while XXXX is a range from 0000 through 9999. The first three digits of a telephone number are the numbering plan area code (NPA code, or simply "NPA"). The next three, "NXX", identify the central office and the last four digits are the line number of an individual office.
The telephone industry's current recommendation assumes first that mandatory dialing of all ten digits is required to initiate a call, even for a local call, throughout the North American Numbering Plan members, which includes many Caribbean and Pacific territories and nations.
The plan proposes the insertion of "00" or "11" between the NPA and NXX, to produce twelve-digit numbers. The plan further proposes that the US would use one of these codes, while Canada would use the other, to allow customers to distinguish countries by use of these digits, which do not appear at the beginning of the twelve-digit number. This distinction would quickly vanish as digits other than "0" and "1" are used in these positions after permissive dialing ends.
Under this proposal, the "N9X" format NPA codes, which are currently reserved from assignment, would be released and be available for normal assignment for code relief and other purposes.
Examples.
For these examples, it is assumed that the new digits will be "00" for the US, and "11" for Canada. With these assumptions, under this plan, the New Jersey telephone number (609) 555-0175 would become (6090) 0555-0175, and would be dialed as such. Likewise, the Ontario number (613) 555-0175 would become (6131) 1555-0175.
One advantage is that, during the transition period, permissive dialing could be enabled. This means that until everyone has adjusted to the new dialing system, users would still be able to dial the shorter, 10-digit numbers. Since currently the 4th digit (or digit 'D') cannot be 1 or 0, if the telephone system detects 1 or 0 in the 4th position it will process the number as a new 12-digit number, and if it is any digit other than 1 or 0, it can process it as an existing 10-digit number until the transition is complete.
Other proposals.
Proposals that utilize the reserved N9X-format codes for expansion include the following proposals:
N9XX, with no change to the remainder of the phone number.
This proposal would expand numbers to eleven digits overall. A 9 would be inserted as the new second digit of all area codes (e.g. 212 would become 2912, 916 would become 9916). Permissive dialing would be allowed because exchange equipment, on detecting a 9 as the second digit of the area code, would respond appropriately to expect 11 digits, or 10 in the absence of a 9 in that position.
Under this plan, the New Jersey telephone number (609) 555-0175 would become (6909) 555-0175.
The permissive dialing period where detecting the 9 as the second digit (to expect 11 numbers) would eventually have an end date, and then new NPAs with a second digit other than 9 could be assigned, effectively multiplying the number of NPAs by ten. As with the current 3 digit scheme excluding 9 as a second digit, one number in the 2nd digit position could be reserved for a future expansion from 4 to 5 digits.
N9XX, with a new initial digit.
With a new initial digit in front of the last seven digits of the phone number, this proposal would expand numbers to twelve digits overall. As with the above plan, a 9 would be inserted as the new second digit of all area codes. A potential problem would occur with permissive dialing of local calls where the area code is not presently required (areas with no overlay in effect and with seven-digit dialing, although by then that will be a very small number of areas). If the added digit were 3, for example, numbers that already begin with a 3 would present a problem, probably resolved using either a "time-out" if the customer only dials seven digits, or a flash-cut to mandatory eight-digit dialing, or with a mandatory area code dialing requirement in all area codes before such takes effect.
Under this plan, the New Jersey telephone number (609) 555-0175 could become (6909) 3555-0175, although the added '3' in the middle block could theoretically be any digit.
An advantage of expanding to 12 digits under this plan is that the area codes would be "consumed" at a much slower rate, as there would be ten times as many possible combinations in each area code.

</doc>
<doc id="6964018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964018" title="Woodspur, California">
Woodspur, California



</doc>
<doc id="6964020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964020" title="Pow Beck">
Pow Beck

Pow Beck is a stream in Cumbria, rising near Mirehouse and flowing in a southwesterly direction to the village of St Bees where it flows into the Irish Sea. Despite rising only south of Whitehaven Harbour, the stream flows south for to the coast at St Bees. The present course was much altered by the Furness Railway in 1849 to improve the drainage of the valley. This included movement of a weir feeding Seamill, an undershot water mill.
The beck is defined as a flood risk due to the topography and geology of Whitehaven just to the north of where the stream rises. Surface water runoff and sewer water are potential contributory risks in flooding events.

</doc>
<doc id="6964031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964031" title="Stumble (film)">
Stumble (film)

Stumble is a 2003 Indian English-language film written and directed by Prakash Belawadi in his debut. It stars Anant Nag and Suhasini Maniratnam in the lead roles. Mukhyamantri Chandru, Ashok Mandanna and Priya Ganapathy feature in supporting roles. Set in Bangalore, the film explores the impact of corruption in the information technology world, the stock market and mutual funds scams and dot-com bubble on ordinary people.
Praveen D. Rao scored music for the film while Clay Kelton served as the cinematographer. The film opened to mixed reviews from critics upon theatrical release. At the 50th National Film Awards, the film was awarded the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in English.
Reception.
Critics mostly gave mixed reviews to the film. Pradeep Sebastian of "Deccan Herald" opined that despite the film playing "like a cross between a television serial drama and a somber Kannada art film, it isn't pointlessly wacky or irritatingly smart-alecky like most Indian English films". However, he complained that the film picks up pace only towards the end and that "for most of its running time it lacks drama, it lacks tension. It fails to grip." He concluded praising the film for its "evocative cinematography, deft characterization and convincing ensemble acting." The reviewer for "Hindustan Times", Manjulaa S. Negi opined that the film was a "forthright tale about naive individuals who still believe. They are the idealists whose dreams are shattered rather rudely and there is no recourse really, but to try and get back to their earlier lives with a bit more understanding and a lot more wiseness." She felt that despite the subject's shortcomings, "it holds", while adding that the direction and sound departments needed improvement. She concluded writing that the film's content was "powerful enough" for one-time watch at least.
Deepa Gumaste of "Rediff.com" commended the film for its "realistic depiction of educated urban youth and their aspirations" and the performances of the leading actors including Anant Nag, Suhasini Maniratnam, M. D. Pallavi and Balaji Manohar. However, she blamed the director for being "over simplistic and loses his way with some characters". She added that the storytelling required to be more "restrained". The reviewer for "Viggy.com" called it "a brilliant 'made in Bangalore' English film for Bangaloreans, by Bangaloreans and of Bangaloreans." They echoed Gumaste's view on the performances of the leading characters. The reviewer added, "Music by Praveen D. Rao is real good. Catchy dialogs of Prakash are very effective."

</doc>
<doc id="6964033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964033" title="Thomas Hill (Painter)">
Thomas Hill (Painter)



</doc>
<doc id="6964046" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964046" title="2006 Chinese motorcycle Grand Prix">
2006 Chinese motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2006 Chinese motorcycle Grand Prix was the fourth race of the 2006 Motorcycle Grand Prix season. It took place on the weekend of 12–14 May 2006 at the Shanghai International Circuit.
Championship standings after the race (MotoGP).
Below are the standings for the top five riders and constructors after round four has concluded.

</doc>
<doc id="6964057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964057" title="Battle of the Argenta Gap">
Battle of the Argenta Gap

The Battle of the Argenta Gap was an engagement which formed part of the Allied spring 1945 offensive during the Italian campaign in the final stages of the Second World War. It took place in northern Italy from 12 to 19 April 1945 between troops of British V Corps commanded by Lieutenant-General Charles Keightley and German units of LXXVI Panzer Corps commanded by Lieutenant General ("General der Panzertruppe") Gerhard von Schwerin.
Background.
The Allied invasion of Italy occurred during September 1943, for a number of key reasons not least important of which was that support for the war in Italy had been declining and it was thought that an invasion would hasten the efforts of the new government that had deposed Benito Mussolini, which was seeking peace. Furthermore, the weakening of Axis control of the Mediterranean supply routes eased the pressure on Allied forces operating in the Middle and Far East, as well as on the efforts to supply to Soviet Union.
Operation Husky – the invasion of Sicily in July 1943 – was successful, serving as a springboard for the invasion of the mainland. In September, the first Allied troops to land in Italy were of the British Eighth Army under the then General Bernard Montgomery, in Operation Baytown. Further landings on 9 September 1943 saw the main attack force landing, despite the Italian surrender to the Allied forces on the previous day. After securing the beachheads, the U.S. Fifth Army began its advance northwards.
By the winter of 1944–45 the Allied armies had penetrated the main defences of the Gothic Line but had failed to break out into the Po river valley. A new major offensive was planned for the spring of 1945, when improving weather would allow the Allies to take advantage of their superior airpower and armoured and motorized ground forces.
Order of battle.
Formations and units involved in the battle:
Prelude.
As a preliminary to the main operation, a commando assault (Operation Roast) was launched across Lake Comacchio on 1 April to secure the right flank of the Eighth Army for the coming battle to seize "the Spit", the narrow isthmus between the eastern shore of Lake Comacchio and the Adriatic Sea. This would secure the eastern flank of the Eighth Army and also allow trials to be carried out in secret of the suitability of using newly arrived LVT tracked landing craft for subsequent larger operations in the muddy and difficult conditions of Lake Comacchio. The operation was successful, although the LVTs failed dismally, becoming hopelessly bogged down. It was in this raid that Corporal Thomas Peck Hunter of 43 Commando posthumously received the Victoria Cross for his actions. Two nights later further actions by the Special Boat Service (SBS) supported by Italian Partisans of the 28th Garibaldi Brigade captured islands in the middle of the lake. Danish national, Major Anders Lassen a patrol commander of the Special Boat Service (SBS) was killed in a subsequent fighting reconnaissance and was awarded a Victoria Cross posthumously.
The 56th Infantry Division also made a preliminary attack on 5/6 April to secure its starting line for the Argenta gap operation. By 8 April, after meeting stiff resistance, it had completed its task in clearing "the Wedge", an area from the southern tip of Lake Comacchio where it meets the Reno river to the Fossa di Navigazione.
The main Eighth Army offensive across the Senio river commenced on 9 April and by 12 April the assault units had advanced to consolidate across the Santerno river and allow 78th Infantry Division to pass through towards the Reno river and the Argenta gap. The Argenta Gap was a well defended strip of land some wide and deep between Lake Comacchio and the Lombardy marshes, south of the town of Ferrara.
The battle.
On the night of 10/11 April, British V Corps launched Operation "Impact Plain" to widen and deepen its bridgehead in the Wedge: 40th (Royal Marine) Commando advanced along the raised causeway bordering the lake while, from 56th (London) Division, 169th (Queen's) Brigade advanced on the commando's left across the flooded margins of the lake with two battalions in LVTs. The 56th Division's 167th Brigade advanced from the Wedge along the Reno flood banks. The commando column met stiff resistance at the bridge north east of Menate and took heavy casualties but were able to take the objective with the assistance of air support. 42nd "Jaeger" Division seems to have been taken by surprise by their opponents' amphibious capacity and seemed somewhat unnerved by the LVTs emerging from the water so that by daylight on 12 April all three columns had made some headway, linking up in the Menate-Longastrino area. 169th Brigade then pushed forward on the road towards Filo and 167th Brigade continued up the Reno, rolling up the German defences as far as the confluence with the Santerno river to link with the Italian Cremona Combat Group which had advanced from the south.
Reacting to the Allied attack, von Vietinghof ordered 29th "Panzergrenadier" Division south to reinforce the Argenta gap. Its 15th "Panzergrenadier" Regiment arrived to reinforce 42nd "Jaeger" Division on 12 April but the rest of the division had been north of the Po and, delayed by air damage and fuel shortages was not in position until 14 April.
Early on 13 April the 38th (Irish) Brigade, of 78th "Battleaxe" Division, attacked northward from Indian 8th Division's bridgehead across the Santerno river with the objective of seizing a bridgehead across the Reno at Bastia, in the mouth of the Argenta gap. Meanwhile, to their right, 56th Infantry Division launched the second phase of its operation, "Impact Royal". This involved No. 9 Commando of 2nd Commando Brigade and 24th Guards Brigade advancing up the flooded margins of Lake Comacchio in LVTs to concentrate near Chiesa del Bando, north west of Menate and develop a threat to Argenta which lay some to the south west of this objective. A foothold was established on the Fossa Marina, a canal running roughly east to west from Argenta to the lake and a short of their objective but then the newly arrived 15th Panzer Grenadier Regiment blocked further progress and an attempt to take the bridge across the Fossa on 14 April was beaten back.
In the morning of 14 April forward elements of 38th Brigade had crossed the bridge over the Reno at Bastia but had been forced back by an armoured counterattack. It was decided to confine immediate activity to mopping up south of the Reno and await the approach of 167th Brigade which, advancing on both banks of the Reno, would shortly threaten the flank of the defenders north of the river in Bastia and oblige them to retire. Rather than wait for the bridge at Bastia to be cleared, V Corps commander, Lieutenant-General Charles Keightley ordered 78th Division's 11th Infantry Brigade to use 56th Division's bridges over the Reno in order to get forward towards Argenta without delay.
On 15/16 April 56th Division renewed their attack on the Fossa Marina but failed again. However, the cumulative effect of heavy air attacks since 13 April took their toll and on the night of 16 April the 24th Guards Brigade were able to cross the canal with relatively little trouble although their advance was once again halted by resistance about north of the canal. On the west side of the Argenta gap 11th Brigade was able to get across the Fossa Marina east of Argenta. The 2nd Battalion, Lancashire Fusiliers were able to hold on to a small bridgehead under heavy fire and counterattack while engineers positioned ARK armoured mobile bridges to allow supporting tanks to cross the canal.
On 17 April 38th (Irish) Brigade arrived from newly cleared Bastia and passed through 11th Brigade's bridgehead, tasked with widening the bridgehead to provide space to allow an armoured breakout. By dark the brigade had advanced against determined resistance, working around the rear of Argenta. Meanwhile, 11th Brigade advanced into the town to clear it with the support of Crocodile armoured flame-throwers. An armoured counterattack early on 18 April was forced back towards 38th (Irish) Brigade. Meanwhile, on the west outskirts of the town the bridges over the Reno had been attacked and captured by 2nd Commando Brigade which had been advancing up the line of the river from Bastia. Attempted counterattacks on the bridges were broken up by supporting artillery. Also on 17 April 56th Division's 169th (Queen's) Brigade was passed through 11th Brigade's bridgehead across the Fossa Marina in order to drive eastwards to clear the north bank of the canal and link with the Guards Brigade.
On 18 April 78th Division brought forward 36th Infantry Brigade from reserve to pass through 38th (Irish) Brigade and conduct a series of right hooks north of Argenta. By dawn the brigade had reached Consandolo some northwest of Argenta, where German resistance stubbornly held until well into the afternoon. Meanwhile, a mobile force under the command of 2nd Armoured Brigade Headquarters comprising one infantry battalion, a tank regiment, a regiment of armoured personnel carriers and supporting self-propelled guns and assault engineers (the "Kangaroo Army") was brought forward and, bypassing Consandolo, secured a bridgehead over the Fossa Benvignante north of the town. Advanced elements then pushed forward and before dark overran the artillery gun lines of 42nd "Jaeger" Division.
The 78th Division's advance created flank pressure on the German units facing 56th Division so that at midday on 18 April 169th (Queen's) Brigade detected a lessening resistance in front of them. Pushing forward, the brigade advanced to the Fossa Benvignante and captured a bridge intact. To their right the 24th Guards Brigade were finally able to clear Chiesa del Bando and advance towards the Fossa Benvignante as well.
Aftermath.
With 56th and 78th Division now clear of the northern end of the Argenta gap, British 6th Armoured Division, from Eighth Army reserve, was released through the left wing of the advancing 78th Division to swing left to race north west along the line of the river Reno to Bondeno and link up with the U.S. Fifth Army units advancing north from west of Bologna and to complete the encirclement of the German armies defending Bologna. Effective Allied bombing of the crossings of the Po and shortage of fuel left much of the German Army Group's strength and almost all its heavy equipment and armament stranded south of the river, sealing its fate. On 29 April an instrument of surrender was signed by German emissaries at Allied Army HQ and hostilities formally ceased on 2 May.
War Cemetery.
An Allied war cemetery is now located at Argenta.

</doc>
<doc id="6964070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964070" title="The War of the Secret Agents and Other Poems">
The War of the Secret Agents and Other Poems



</doc>
<doc id="6964073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964073" title="Vers une architecture">
Vers une architecture



</doc>
<doc id="6964075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964075" title="White ship disaster">
White ship disaster



</doc>
<doc id="6964076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964076" title="Lowca Beck">
Lowca Beck

Lowca Beck is a beck in the county of Cumbria, England.
The beck rises (as Distington Beck) in the vicinity of Gilgarran and flows by Distington and the remains of Hayes Castle before flowing between Lowca and Howgate, emptying into the Solway Firth at Parton Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="6964079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964079" title="Peer (disambiguation)">
Peer (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6964081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964081" title="The Adventures of Captain Hatteras">
The Adventures of Captain Hatteras

The Adventures of Captain Hatteras () is an 1866 adventure novel by Jules Verne in two parts: "The English at the North Pole" () and "The Desert of Ice" ().
The novel was published for the first time in 1864 as a serial in the French magazine named "". The definitive version from 1866 was included in the "Voyages extraordinaires" series ("The Extraordinary Voyages"). Although it was the first book of the series, it was labelled as number two. Three of Verne's books from 1863–65 ("Five Weeks in a Balloon", "Journey to the Centre of the Earth", and "From the Earth to the Moon") were added into the series retroactively. The character of Captain Hatteras shows many similarities with the English naval explorer Sir John Franklin.
Synopsis.
The novel, set in 1861, described adventures of a British expedition led by Captain John Hatteras to the North Pole. Hatteras is convinced that the sea around the pole is not frozen and his obsession is to reach the place no matter what. Mutiny by the crew results in destruction of their ship but Hatteras, with a few men, continues on the expedition. On the shore of the island of "New America (Actually New Foundland)" he discovers the remains of a ship used by the previous expedition from the United States. Doctor Clawbonny recalls in mind the plan of the real ice palace, constructed completely from ice in Russia in 1740 to build a snow-house, where they should spend a winter. The travellers winter on the island and survive mainly due to the ingenuity of Doctor Clawbonny (who is able to make fire with an ice lens, make bullets from frozen mercury and repel attacks by polar bears with remotely controlled explosions of black powder).
When the winter ends the sea becomes ice-free. The travellers build a boat from the shipwreck and head towards the pole. Here they discover an island, an active volcano, and name it after Hatteras. With difficulty a fjord is found and the group get ashore. After three hours climbing they reach the mouth of the volcano. The exact location of the pole is in the crater and Hatteras jumps into it. As the sequence was originally written, Hatteras perishes in the crater; Verne's editor, Jules Hetzel, suggested or rather required that Verne do a rewrite so that Hatteras survives but is driven insane by the intensity of the experience, and after return to England he is put into an asylum for the insane. Losing his "soul" in the cavern of the North Pole, Hatteras never speaks another word. He spends the remainder of his days walking the streets surrounding the asylum with his faithful dog Duke. While mute and deaf to the world, Hatteras' walks are not without a direction. As indicated by the last line "Captain Hatteras forever marches northward".
New America.
New America is the name given to a large Arctic island, a northward extension of Ellesmere Island, as discovered by Captain John Hatteras and his crew. Its features include, on the west coast, Victoria Bay, Cape Washington, Johnson Island, Bell Mountain, and Fort Providence, and at its northern point (), Altamont Harbour.
As with many of Verne's imaginative creations, his description of Arctic geography was based on scientific knowledge at the time the novel was written (1866) but foreshadowed future discoveries. Ellesmere Island had been re-discovered and named by Edward Inglefield in 1852 and further explored by Isaac Israel Hayes in 1860–61. Forty years after the novel's publication, in 1906, Robert Peary claimed to have sighted Crocker Land around 83° N, and in 1909, Frederick Cook sighted Bradley Land at 85° N, both at locations occupied by Verne's New America. Cook's choice of route may actually have been inspired by his reading of Verne.
The land is named by Captain Altamont, an American explorer, who is first to set foot on the land. In the novel as published, it is unclear whether New America is meant to be a territorial claim for the United States. As William Butcher points out, this would not be surprising, since Verne wrote about the US acquisition of Alaska in "The Fur Country", and Lincoln Island is proposed as a US possession in "The Mysterious Island". In fact, a deleted chapter, "John Bull and Jonathan", had Hatteras and Altamont dueling for the privilege of claiming the land for their respective countries.
Adaptation.
In 1912, Georges Méliès made a film based on the story entitled "The Conquest of the Pole" ().
English translations.
A number of English-language translations of "The Adventures of Captain Hatteras" were published in the nineteenth century. These are generally considered to be out-of-copyright, and copies can be obtained from free sources:
These translations compress and truncate Verne's text to varying degrees; the Osgood translation is considered to be of “relatively good quality.” Editions from other publishers are generally based on one of these four translations.
A modern translation by William Butcher was published by Oxford University Press in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="6964082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964082" title="Wouter">
Wouter

Wouter is a Dutch masculine given name popular in the Netherlands and Belgium. It is the Dutch equivalent of the English name Walter and French name Gauthier, both of Germanic origin, meaning "ruler of the army", "ruler of the forest" or "bright army". Wouter is sometimes shortened to Wout. The patronymic surname of Wouter is Wouters.

</doc>
<doc id="6964083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964083" title="Mitsubishi Pajero Junior">
Mitsubishi Pajero Junior

The Mitsubishi Pajero Junior is a mini SUV produced by Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors between October 1995 and March 1998 for the Japanese domestic market only. Based on a lengthened Minica platform, it was a larger version of the Mitsubishi Pajero Mini, a kei car. The biggest visual difference from the Pajero Mini is the wide fender trims and wider tyres, giving it a more purposeful appearance. The car is classified as a small size car according to Japanese government dimension regulations, so it pays lower taxes than the normal-size Pajero but higher taxes than the Pajero Mini.
Design.
For road and light off-road use, a rear wheel drive configuration can be selected. However, it also has a selectable (which Mitsubishi called "Easy-Select 4WD") four-wheel drive system (low and high gear ratios) for serious off-road driving. The Pajero Junior has better off-road capabilities than some contemporary mini SUVs like the Daihatsu Terios and Suzuki X-90.
The 1094 cc engine block is the same as used in the Mitsubishi Colt, developing at 6,500 rpm and giving the vehicle a top speed of . The steering is a traditional rack and pinion setup, with power assistance. The front suspension is double wishbone, and the rear is helical spring.
Sales of the Mitsubishi Pajero Junior ended in June 1998 due to the launch of its replacement, the Mitsubishi Pajero iO (known in Europe as the "Pinin"). By that time, Mitsubishi were aware that many Pajero Juniors were being unofficially exported to other countries, so an entirely new model was designed to take the vehicle away from its kei car roots and to support larger engine sizes for the international market, although only form factors and engines that fit within Japanese compact class were available for the newer car.
Versions.
Pajero Jr. ZR-I.
The first vehicles rolled off the production line on 26 October 1995. The ZR-I was the only model available until it was superseded by the ZR-II in January 1997.
It was equipped with a range of amenities as standard such as air-conditioning, anti-lock brakes (ABS), SRS airbag (driver's side), electric front windows, electric door mirrors and keyless entry. A small selection of optional extras were available such as six-spoked aluminium wheels, bull bars, roof rails and privacy glass. The functional interior design included cup holders, quarter pockets, and split rear seats which fold completely flat providing a surprisingly large carrying capacity for such a small vehicle.
Pajero Jr. ZR-II.
The ZR-II was built from January 1997 to March 1998 (with sales ending in June of that year) and had the same specification as the ZR-I model, plus an additional cluster of digital instruments which included an altimeter, compass, outside temperature gauge and a clock.
Pajero Jr. McTwist &amp; Pajero Jr. Lynx.
The popularity of the vehicle inspired Mitsubishi to create three limited editions (with the intention to build up to 1000 units of each limited edition), two of which — the Pajero Jr. McTwist, and Pajero Jr. Lynx — were exhibited at the 32nd Tokyo Motor Show in 1997.
Both of these limited edition models shared the same base specification as the ZR-II, with the addition of a wood-effect insert on the dashboard and upgraded interior trim (grey on the McTwist, beige on the Lynx). External differences were that the McTwist model (built from October 1996 to March 1998) sported a plastic A-frame bullbar with spotlights, and the Lynx model (built from May 1997 to July 1997) sported a stainless steel bar upon which two small spotlights were mounted. The yellow lensed spotlights on both of these models were sourced from Robert Bosch GmbH and were supplied with black removable grilles displaying "BOSCH" in white text.
Both models also had a rear roof-level spoiler with integrated LED third brakelight, roof rails, privacy glass, and six-spoke alloy wheels fitted as standard.
Pajero Jr. Flying Pug.
The third limited edition which was launched in 1997, was the Pajero Jr. Flying Pug. Mitsubishi was responding to the rise in the popularity of old British cars at the time in Japan, so they decided that the Pajero Jr. would be a good platform to experiment with a "retro-look" bodywork restyle. It is understood that this rise in retro-styled cars in Japan was started by the success of the Mitsuoka Viewt, which was a collaboration with Nissan and based on the Nissan Micra.
Similarly to the other two limited edition models which were announced in 1997, Mitsubishi had originally planned to build 1000 examples. However, the bodywork was heavily criticised by the motoring press as being ugly and this variant was such a sales flop that only 139 were ever made (built from September 1997 to June 1998). Mitsubishi's rather ambitious sales literature for the Flying Pug indicated that the vehicle "sported the classic looks of a London taxi".
This limited edition had the highest specification of the entire Junior range, sporting a full leather interior as standard in addition to unique cross-spoked aluminium wheels. The Flying Pug also shared the wood-effect dashboard insert as used on the Lynx and McTwist models, and had an additional wood-effect surround for the gear lever.
Recalls.
In February 2001, all Pajero Juniors were recalled to replace the airbag unit in the centre of the steering wheel. This was due to reports of a small number of airbags being deployed upon starting the engine.

</doc>
<doc id="6964086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964086" title="University of north carolina at chapel hill">
University of north carolina at chapel hill



</doc>
<doc id="6964099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964099" title="The Family Goldschmitt">
The Family Goldschmitt



</doc>
<doc id="6964101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964101" title="Ellerbach">
Ellerbach

Ellerbach may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6964108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964108" title="Missing You (Case song)">
Missing You (Case song)

"Missing You" is a song by American R&amp;B singer Case. It was produced by Tim Bob and Angel Maldonado and released in February 2001 as the lead single from the album "Open Letter". The song was also included in the soundtrack to "". The song itself is a cover of the same song done by Joe the year before and originally appeared on the European Version of his 2000 album "My Name Is Joe". The hit song spent four weeks at number-one on the US R&amp;B chart.
The song was covered by George Benson on his album "Irreplaceable".

</doc>
<doc id="6964111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964111" title="Asynchronous Processor">
Asynchronous Processor



</doc>
<doc id="6964113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964113" title="Security Trust Company of Rochester">
Security Trust Company of Rochester

Security Trust Company of Rochester was a bank headquartered in Rochester, New York. In 1983, the bank was acquired by Norstar Bank, which was acquired by FleetBoston Financial, which was in turn acquired by Bank of America.
The bank managed trusts for some of the wealthiest individuals in Rochester, including George Eastman, the founder of Kodak.
History.
The bank was formed in 1892.
The first president of the bank was Hiram W. Sibley, whose father, Hiram Sibley, was one of the founders of Western Union.
In 1981, a deadly shootout occurred at a branch of the bank. Also in 1981, Erland E. "Erkie" Kailbourne was named president of the bank.
In late 1983, the bank was acquired by Norstar Bancorp and became Security Norstar Bank. In 1987, the bank was fully integrated into Norstar and dropped the "Security" from its name.
The first headquarters of the bank was demolished and replaced by the Rochester Riverside Convention Center. The second headquarters, a mid-century modern building with a unique crenelated roof on both the tower and connected banking office, still functions as the downtown Bank of America branch. The penthouse now serves as an event space for corporate rentals and private parties. 

</doc>
<doc id="6964127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964127" title="Psychological assessment">
Psychological assessment



</doc>
<doc id="6964128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964128" title="Environmental weeds">
Environmental weeds



</doc>
<doc id="6964129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964129" title="Randolph M. Holder">
Randolph M. Holder

Randolph Mitchell Holder (born September 20, 1918 in Jackson, Mississippi; died c. June 5, 1942), was a United States Navy officer who was killed in the Battle of Midway and posthumously awarded the Navy Cross.
Holder was commissioned as an Ensign April 10, 1940 following flight training. Reporting to Torpedo Squadron 6 (VT-6) on the famous aircraft carrier , he took part in the early carrier operations in the critical months following the attack on Pearl Harbor and then fought in the pivotal Battle of Midway, the first of the great American successes in the naval war against the Empire of Japan. In the gallant but futile attack of the torpedo planes early on June 4, 1942, Holder and his comrades attacked the Japanese ships without fighter cover. Though Holder and many others were shot down while pressing this attack, they forced radical maneuvers and diverted the Japanese air cover so as to make later raids lethal to the enemy fleet. Lieutenant (j.g.) Holder never returned to the Enterprise, and was presumed dead the next day, June 5, 1942. He was awarded the Navy Cross posthumously for his heroism.
Namesake.
In 1944, the destroyer escort USS "Holder" (DE-401) was named in his honor; after DE-401's loss, the destroyer USS "Holder" (DD-819) received a similar honor in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="6964134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964134" title="Willow Run (disambiguation)">
Willow Run (disambiguation)

Willow Run was a factory near Ypsilanti, Michigan in the United States that manufactured B-24 Liberator bombers during World War II.
Willow Run may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6964136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964136" title="Randolph Mitchell Holder">
Randolph Mitchell Holder



</doc>
<doc id="6964138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964138" title="Randolph Holder">
Randolph Holder



</doc>
<doc id="6964143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964143" title="Promise (Jagged Edge song)">
Promise (Jagged Edge song)

"Promise" is a song by R&amp;B group Jagged Edge. The song spent two weeks at number one on the US R&amp;B chart and peaked at number 9 on the US Pop chart. It was number 7 on the Rhythmic Top 40. It was ranked number 48 on the 2001 "Billboard" Hot 100 Year End.

</doc>
<doc id="6964149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964149" title="Volokolamskaya (Closed)">
Volokolamskaya (Closed)



</doc>
<doc id="6964154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964154" title="Haploview">
Haploview

Haploview is a commonly used bioinformatics software which is designed to analyze and visualize patterns of linkage disequilibrium (LD) in genetic data. Haploview can also perform association studies, choosing tagSNPs and estimating haplotype frequencies. Haploview is developed and maintained by Dr. Mark Daly's lab at the MIT/Harvard Broad Institute.
Haploview currently supports the following functionalities:

</doc>
<doc id="6964155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964155" title="V. V. Chari">
V. V. Chari

Varadarajan Venkata Chari (born c. 1952) is an Indian-American economist and professor of economics, currently teaches macroeconomic theory, public economics, and monetary economics at the University of Minnesota's College of Liberal Arts.
Chari received a Bachelor of Technology in Chemical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay in 1974, and was a production engineer at Union Carbide (India) Limited from 1974 to 1976.
Chari then received his M.S. in economics in 1978 from Carnegie Mellon University and subsequently followed up with his Ph.D. from Carnegie Mellon University in 1980. His dissertation won him the Alexander Henderson Award for excellence in economics, an award also won by Nobel Laureates Oliver E. Williamson, Dale T. Mortensen, Finn E. Kydland and Edward C. Prescott.
Chari joined the Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University as an assistant professor of managerial economics. In 1986 he moved to the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. In 1992 he returned to the Kellogg Graduate School of Management and then moved back to Minneapolis and the University of Minnesota in the fall of 1994. At the University of Minnesota, Chari has held many titles ranging from Paul Grenzel Land Grant Professor, to Director of the Heller-Hurwicz Economics Institute (2010–2016), and Chair of University of Minnesota's Department of Economics.
His research interests are in banking, fiscal and monetary policy and in issues of economic development. He has written extensively on banking crises, exchange rate fluctuations and international capital flows. Additionally, he has held associate editor positions for American Economics Journal (since 2008) and the Journal of Economic Theory (since 1998).
Dr. Chari is also a fellow of the Econometric Society since 1999 and recipient of the Census Bureau Research Grant since 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="6964160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964160" title="Whitstone School">
Whitstone School

Whitstone School is a specialist school located in Shepton Mallet, Somerset, England, and educates students aged between 11 and 16. The school has been a specialist Technology College since 2000; the school's headteacher is Maz Turner.
In August 2011, the school became an academy, and in 2025 the school roll was 584 students.
Academic performance.
Since 2019, the school's GCSE performance has been well below the average of other schools in Somerset,
however during its first full year as an academy, performance increased from 44% to 56% of students achieving five or more A* to C GCSE grades including English and mathematics.
In 2017, it was assessed by Ofsted as "good" on a four-point scale of outstanding, good, requires improvement, or inadequate.
Houses.
The school has a house system. Currently, there are 4 houses: Buzzards (blue, formerly known as Quantock), Red Kites (red, formally known as Polden), Peregrines (yellow, formerly known as Blackdown), and Kestrels (green, formerly known as Mendip). The current names are inspired by bird species common to the Somerset area. Previously, the houses were named after local hill ranges, three of which are designated Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty. Each house colour is reflected on the school uniform.

</doc>
<doc id="6964167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964167" title="It's Over Now (112 song)">
It's Over Now (112 song)

"It's Over Now" is the lead single by 112's from third album, "Part III", and their first number-one R&amp;B single, peaking at number one on the "Billboard" Hot R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Singles &amp; Tracks for two weeks. Slim and Daron share lead vocals on the song.
The song contains an interpolation of Grandmaster Flash &amp; The Furious Five's song "White Lines (Don't Don't Do It)", which was also used by the hip hop group Mobb Deep for their biggest hit "Quiet Storm" released over a year prior to "It's Over Now".
The song itself was interpolated by English singer Ellie Goulding on the song "We Can't Move To This" off of her third studio album, "Delirium".

</doc>
<doc id="6964169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964169" title="Kadamjai">
Kadamjai



</doc>
<doc id="6964179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964179" title="Harlequin catshark">
Harlequin catshark

The harlequin catshark ("Ctenacis fehlmanni") is a species of finback catshark, part of the family Proscylliidae, and the only member of the genus Ctenacis. This shark is found in the western Indian Ocean off the coast of Somalia, at depths between 70 and 170 m. The 46 cm holotype was the only specimen that was ever found.

</doc>
<doc id="6964180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964180" title="English wine">
English wine



</doc>
<doc id="6964181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964181" title="Ctenacis fehlmanni">
Ctenacis fehlmanni



</doc>
<doc id="6964185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964185" title="Peter Lockyer">
Peter Lockyer

Peter Lockyer is an American actor and tenor. He was born in Poughkeepsie, New York. As a child, he split his time between Toronto and Connecticut, and went to the same high school as the actress Gretchen Mol. Lockyer has appeared in numerous Broadway productions, including "Miss Saigon" as Chris Scott, "Chicago" as Billy Flynn, "The Phantom of the Opera" as Ubaldo Piangi and as a Phantom/Raoul/Andre understudy, "Les Misérables" as Marius Pontmercy and "La Boheme" as a Rodolfo understudy on Broadway. He has also appeared in the 25th anniversary US tour of "Les Misérables" as Jean Valjean (he reprised the role from 2014 to 2016 at the Queen's Theatre in London's West End). He appeared on TV with Bette Midler in a 1993 adaption of "".
After a break in performing, during which he earned dual master's degrees, qualifying him to teach in New York City, Lockyer returned to acting for the European tour of Barbra Streisand's "Broadway Boys". He has also performed in "42nd Street" in Europe and "Les Misérables" in China and South Korea. Recently, Lockyer returned to his native Connecticut to play the role of Tom in "The Glass Menagerie" at the historical Ivoryton Playhouse. Years before he played the role on tour, he played Valjean in a Hawaiian production of "Les Misérables", which he directed himself.

</doc>
<doc id="6964188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964188" title="List of countries with a cross in their flag">
List of countries with a cross in their flag



</doc>
<doc id="6964189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964189" title="The Rings of Saturn">
The Rings of Saturn

The Rings of Saturn ( - An English Pilgrimage) is a 1995 novel by the German writer W. G. Sebald. Its first-person narrative arc is the account by a nameless narrator (who resembles the author in typical Sebaldian fashion) on a walking tour of Suffolk. In addition to describing the places he sees and people he encounters, including translator Michael Hamburger, Sebald discusses various episodes of history and literature, including the introduction of silkworm cultivation to Europe, and the writings of Thomas Browne, which attach in some way to the larger text. The book was published in English in 1998.
Genre and content.
Combining the details of a walking tour with meditations prompted by places and people encountered on that tour, "The Rings of Saturn" was called "a hybrid of a bookfiction, travel, biography, myth, and memoir".
Themes and style.
Themes in the book are those treated in Sebald's other books: time, memory, and identity. According to Patrick Lennon's "In the Weaver's Web" (and Mark McCulloh's "Understanding W. G. Sebald"), "The Rings of Saturn" merges the identities of the Sebaldian narrator with that of Michael HamburgerSebald and Hamburger both being German writers who moved to England and shared other important experiences. What's more, Hamburger's identity becomes fused with that of Friedrich Hölderlin, and the merging is emphasized by Sebald's (typical) omission of quotation marks for quotations, further eroding the separation of speakers in Sebald's account of the narrator's recollection of Hamburger's recollection. The significance of time's passage, and the distances between the past, present and future, are also eroded. Sebald flattens the temporal hierarchy of meaning, by giving equal significance to historical and modern events. According to Anne-Laure Fortin-Tournès, "Sebald's intermedial narrative is ruination at work, but ruination as a preliminary to the experience of "kairos", "i.e." to the experience of an epiphanic sense of presence to the nature of our time-being, during which it is time itself that becomes an event." As in all his novels, Sebald writes in very long, complex sentences. The German original is written in a curiously quaint and somewhat precious and old-fashioned language that often disregards the common placement of German verbs at the end of sentences and instead puts them in unusual places.
Title.
The title of the book may be associated with thematic content contained in the two passagesone appearing as part of the book's epigraph, the other in the fourth chapter, which mentions Saturnhinting at both astronomical and mythological associations for Sebald's use of the word:
The rings of Saturn consist of ice crystals and probably meteorite particles describing circular orbits around the planet's equator. In all likelihood these are fragments of a former moon that was too close to the planet and was destroyed by its tidal effect. 
As I sat there in Southwold overlooking the German Ocean, I sensed quite clearly the earth's slow turning into the dark. The huntsmen are up in America, wrote Thomas Browne in the "Garden of Cyrus" and they are already past their first sleep in Persia. The shadow of the night is drawn like a black veil across the earth, and since almost all creatures, from one meridian to the next, lie down after the sun has set, so, he continues, one might, in following the setting sun, see on our globe nothing but prone bodies, row upon row, as if leveled by the scythe of Saturnan endless graveyard for a humanity struck by falling sickness. 
Adaptations.
The 2012 film, "Patience (After Sebald)", directed by Grant Gee is based on the book.

</doc>
<doc id="6964191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964191" title="The Cayman Island's Culture">
The Cayman Island's Culture



</doc>
<doc id="6964197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964197" title="Cardiff Royal Infirmary">
Cardiff Royal Infirmary

Cardiff Royal Infirmary () (also known as the CRI or YBC) is a hospital in central Cardiff, Wales. It is managed by the Cardiff and Vale University Health Board.
History.
The hospital has its origins in the Cardiff Dispensary, which began on Newport Road in 1822. It became the Glamorganshire and Monmouthshire Infirmary and Dispensary in 1837. The current main hospital building facing Glossop Road, Adamsdown, was designed by Edwin Seward and opened in 1883. It became known as King Edward VII Hospital in 1911. During the First World War, the building was requisitioned by the War Office to create the 3rd Western General Hospital, a facility for the Royal Army Medical Corps to treat military casualties. It returned to its current name, Cardiff Royal Infirmary, in 1923. By the time it joined the National Health Service in 1948 it had expanded to become a 500-bed facility.
The hospital ceased operating as a casualty facility in 1999, with the Accident and Emergency department being moved to University Hospital of Wales in the north of the city. Some services were successfully retained at the site after a public campaign.
In the 2010s further medical facilities returned to the site, including a GP service and a sexual health clinic. Mental health and substance misuse facilities were also planned, as well as an out-of-hours pharmacy. £30 million was to be the initial spend, with a second phase including renovation of the hospital's chapel.
In the 2020s work was completed to turn the infirmary's old chapel into a public library, with the nearby Adamsdown Library moving into the building.
Notable staff.
Eileen Rees, a nurse and nurse educationist, trained at Cardiff Royal Infirmary. She worked for 15 years as Matron before taking on the new role of Chief Nursing Officer at University Hospital of Wales following the implementation of the recommendations in the Salmon Report. 
In the media.
In 2005 the CRI buildings became Albion Hospital, in a two-part episode of the BBC's Doctor Who series, entitled Aliens of London/World War Three.

</doc>
<doc id="6964199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964199" title="List of educational institutions named after presidents of the United States">
List of educational institutions named after presidents of the United States

This is a list of educational institutions named after U.S. presidents. Institutions are listed under their respective president's name; presidents are listed alphabetically.
Adams.
Adams elementary school 

</doc>
<doc id="6964205" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964205" title="Wine of the United Kingdom">
Wine of the United Kingdom



</doc>
<doc id="6964207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964207" title="Danger (Been So Long)">
Danger (Been So Long)

"Danger (Been So Long)" is the second single released by American rapper Mystikal from his fourth album, "Let's Get Ready" (2000), featuring singer Nivea. The song was released on December 12, 2000, and was produced by the Neptunes. "Danger" was a success commercially, peaking at number 14 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, number one on the Hot R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Singles &amp; Tracks chart, and number three on the Hot Rap Singles chart. "Danger (Been So Long)" was the second single from the album to reach the top 20 on the US charts, after "Shake Ya Ass".
"Danger" was used as part of a running gag on "The Daily Show" during John Oliver's tenure as interim host in 2013, and again on Oliver's own show "Last Week Tonight" in 2016, in reference to Anthony Weiner's scandalous mayoral campaign and his online pseudonym, "Carlos Danger".
Track listings.
US and UK 12-inch single
UK and Australian CD single
European CD single

</doc>
<doc id="6964213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964213" title="Iwan Edwards">
Iwan Edwards

Iwan Edwards (October 5, 1937 – March 4, 2022) was a Welsh-born Canadian choral conductor. Over a forty-year span he founded and conducted several choirs. He was appointed Member of the Order of Canada in 1995.
Early life.
Edwards was born in Wales on October 5, 1937. He studied music (violin) at the University College of Wales, graduating with a Bachelor of Music in 1961. He was then awarded a scholarship in orchestral conducting at the Royal Academy of Music, but turned it down in favour of professional teaching and directing. Edwards left Wales in 1965 and relocated to Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Career.
After emigrating to Canada, Edwards initially taught music at Lachine High School until 1979. He subsequently taught at the Fine Arts Core Education School in Montreal from 1979 to 1990, before becoming an associate professor at the Faculty of Music of McGill University. During his tenure, he conducted the McGill Chamber Singers, the University Chorus and, on occasion, the McGill Symphony Orchestra and Chorus. He also served as Chairman of the Performance Department of the Faculty of Music from 1992 to 1996. He retired from academia in 2001.
Edwards established the St. Lawrence Choir in 1972. He went on to lead this choir as its director for audiences in Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa, Saratoga Springs, New York City (Carnegie Hall), and Philadelphia for 35 years until his retirement in 2007.
He also directed the F.A.C.E. Treble Choir, Concerto Della Donna, Choeur des enfants de Montréal, and the Canadian Chamber Choir, in addition to working with the Ottawa Choral Society, the Lanaudière International Festival Chorus, and the Vancouver Bach Choir. These collaborations have led to performances with orchestras in Montreal, Quebec City, Ottawa, and Vancouver and, internationally, the Karlovy Vary Symphony Orchestra in the Czech Republic. Renowned conductors with whom Edwards worked include Charles Dutoit, Franz-Paul Decker, Zubin Mehta, Bramwell Tovey, Trevor Pinnock, Helmut Rilling, Robert Shaw, Leonard Slatkin, Roger Norrington and Kent Nagano. During his 21-year tenure at the helm of the Chorus of the Montreal Symphony Orchestra (MSO), recordings involving the chorus won a Grammy Award ("Les Troyens" – Berlioz) and two Juno Awards (1995 for Berlioz's "Les Troyens" and 1997 for "La damnation de Faust"). Over the course of his long relationship with the MSO, Maestro Edwards conducted numerous MSO performances including Handel's "Messiah" at Notre Dame Basilica.
Later years.
Edwards was the guest conductor of the National Youth Choir of Canada in 1998 and 1999. He later became the artistic director and conductor of the newly formed Canadian Chamber Choir. He was succeeded in that capacity by Julia Davids in 2004.
Edwards retired from the Saint Lawrence Choir, Chorus of the Montreal Symphony Orchestra, and Choeur des enfants de Montréal in 2007. During his retirement, he focused on the 17-voice women ensemble Concerto Della Donna, acting as conductor and musical director.
Awards and honours.
Edwards was appointed a member of the Order of Canada in October 1994 and invested seven months later in May 1995. Seven years later, he was the recipient of the Queen Elizabeth II Golden Jubilee Medal.
Personal life.
Edwards was married to Undeg. Together, they had two children.
Edwards died on the morning of March 4, 2022, at his home in Lachine. He was 84 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="6964214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964214" title="I Just Wanna Love U (Give it to Me)">
I Just Wanna Love U (Give it to Me)



</doc>
<doc id="6964223" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964223" title="Peyrefitte-du-Razès">
Peyrefitte-du-Razès

Peyrefitte-du-Razès (; ) is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.

</doc>
<doc id="6964225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964225" title="List of rugby union clubs in France">
List of rugby union clubs in France

Contents : A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z By League
The oldest rugby club in France is Le Havre AC, founded in 1872 making it the oldest association football and rugby club registered in France.
Presentation of the lists.
There are two lists of the clubs playing in the French rugby union system in the following levels:
Some other clubs are listed (only if they have a dedicated article) :
The first list displays the clubs sorted by name of the town where they are located
The second list displays the clubs sorted by league.

</doc>
<doc id="6964230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964230" title="Louie, Louie">
Louie, Louie



</doc>
<doc id="6964236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964236" title="Laura Michaelis">
Laura Michaelis

Laura A. Michaelis is a Professor in the Department of Linguistics and a faculty fellow in the Institute of Cognitive Science at the University of Colorado Boulder.
Background and research.
She received her BA, MA and PhD (1993) in linguistics at the University of California, Berkeley, writing her thesis under the direction of Charles J. Fillmore.
Laura Michaelis' widely cited research centers on the discourse-syntax interface in conversational English and the semantic interaction between words and grammatical constructions, with particular emphasis on the linguistic encoding of tense and aspect. Her work has appeared in a variety of prestigious journals, including "Language", "Journal of Linguistics", "Cognitive Science", "Linguistics and Philosophy", "Cognitive Linguistics", "The Journal of Semantics" and "The Journal of Pragmatics".
Her recent research focuses on idiomatic language and multi-word expressions, the grammar of English noun phrases, verbal argument structure (Michaelis &amp; Ruppenhofer 2001), nonstandard syntactic amalgams in conversational speech, syntactic innovation and Construction Grammar (Michaelis &amp; Kim 2020).
Honors.
In 2022, Michaelis was inducted as a Fellow of the Linguistic Society of America.
She is one of the founding editors of the Cambridge University Press journal "Language and Cognition".

</doc>
<doc id="6964242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964242" title="Mickey Kreitner">
Mickey Kreitner

Albert Joseph "Mickey" Kreitner (October 10, 1922 – March 6, 2003) was a Major League Baseball catcher who played for the Chicago Cubs during the 1943 and 1944 seasons. Listed at 6' 3", 190 lb., he batted and threw right handed.
As a 20-year-old rookie in 1943, Kreitner was the tenth youngest player to appear in a National League game. He was a typical example of what veteran catcher Mike González termed "good field, no hit" player.
Kreitner was one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He debuted with the Cubs on September 28, 1943 in a home doubleheader against the New York Giants at Wrigley Field.
In a 42-game career, Kreitner posted a batting average of .172 (16-for-93), which included 14 singles and two doubles, scoring three runs while driving in three more. In limited playing time he had good numbers as a catcher, handling 126 out of 127 chances successfully for a solid .992 fielding percentage.
Kreitner died in his hometown of Nashville, Tennessee, at the age of 80, following complications from cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="6964246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964246" title="Hojo clan">
Hojo clan



</doc>
<doc id="6964250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964250" title="SH 41 (TX)">
SH 41 (TX)



</doc>
<doc id="6964253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964253" title="Hoover Commission">
Hoover Commission

The Hoover Commission, officially named the Commission on Organization of the Executive Branch of the Government, was a body appointed by President Harry S. Truman in 1947 to recommend administrative changes in the federal government of the United States. It took its nickname from former President Herbert Hoover, who was appointed by Truman to chair it.
Truman used the Reorganization Act of 1949 to implement the recommendations of the Hoover Commission. Reorganization plans issued under the act could be nullified by a concurrent resolution enacted by both chambers of Congress within 60 days of the date of the order. While most of the commission's program was ultimately implemented, eleven of the 41 reorganization plans issued by Truman to carry out the reorganization were nullified by Congress.
History and results.
In early 1949, the Commission forwarded its findings and a total of 273 recommendations to Congress in a series of nineteen separate reports. The commission was officially terminated on June 12, 1949.
The commission issued recommendations for eliminating waste, fraud and inefficiency, consolidating agencies, and strengthening White House control of policy.
With the impetus of the Hoover Commission, the Reorganization Act of 1949, (Public Law 109, 81st Cong., 1st sess.) was approved by Congress on June 20, 1949. President Truman made a special message to Congress upon signing the act, with eight reorganization plans submitted in 1949, 27 in 1950, and one each in 1951 and 1952.
Much implementation continued into the Eisenhower administration, with ten reorganization plans in 1953, two in 1954, and one each in 1957 and 1958, although not all were related to the 1949 Act. A later study in 1955 concluded that 116 of the recommendations were fully implemented and that another 80 were mostly or partly implemented. In 1953, Eisenhower created the Department of Health, Education and Welfare under the orders of his Reorganization Plan No. 1.
The commission's recommended reforms of veterans affairs were not implemented, due to significant lobbying against it by the American Legion, an influential veterans lobby group.
Second Hoover Commission.
A Second Hoover Commission was created by Congress in 1953 during the administration of President Dwight D. Eisenhower. It also was headed by Hoover (who was then almost 80 years old). The second commission sent its final report to Congress in June 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="6964254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964254" title="Moccia">
Moccia

Moccia is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6964255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964255" title="Pascual Perez (boxer)">
Pascual Perez (boxer)



</doc>
<doc id="6964263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964263" title="Sharp Headed Danio">
Sharp Headed Danio



</doc>
<doc id="6964271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964271" title="Gábor Fodor (chemist)">
Gábor Fodor (chemist)

Gábor Béla Fodor (December 5, 1915 – November 3, 2000) was a Hungarian-American chemist, medical research scientist, and professor of chemistry. His work in academia, which spanned six decades in Europe and later in North America, specialized in research of antidotes, painkillers, tropane alkaloids, and derivatives of vitamin C. His research helped in finding treatments for cancer, strokes, Alzheimer's disease, and other illnesses.
Early life.
Gábor Fodor was born in Budapest. His father was Domokos Fodor, an ethnic Hungarian born in Transylvania, Romania. His mother was Paola Maria Bayer, a Roman Catholic of Jewish ancestry from Budapest. Gábor Fodor attended the University of Szeged, and he earned his Ph.D. magna cum laude. He isolated scopolamine, during his years working at the University of Szeged. He was awarded the highest recognition of Hungary, the Kossuth Prize in 1950. He later worked at Budapest's Chinoin Laboratories. Scopolamine was a highly important compound during World War II. 
Fodor succeeded twice in escaping imprisonment, and possible internment at a concentration camp due to his Jewish ancestry, during Nazi Germany's control of Hungary. He became part of the faculty of chemistry of the University of Szeged after World War II. He remained there as Provost until 1957, when he was forced to flee the country due to his participation in faculty and student rebellions during the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 against the Soviet domination of Hungary.
Career.
He received asylum in London and then in Canada. In 1964, he joined Laval University in Canada, where he taught until 1968. In 1969 he moved to the United States to accept a faculty position in the Department of Chemistry at West Virginia University. He taught for the rest of his life at West Virginia University Professor, first as Professor of Chemistry, then as a Centennial Professor of Chemistry (1969–1986); finally, as Professor Emeritus until his death on November 3, 2000. He was an active member of the university community, and one of the founders of West Virginia University's annual Benedum Lecture Series. In the year after his death, the next Benedum Lectures Series were held in his memory.
Fodor's specialized field of research concentrated on tropane alkaloids. Fodor conducted early studies of powerful drugs of this group found in natural sources. Such studies included an early configuration of cocaine, as well as early studies of its medicinal uses. Numerous studies of other compounds followed. He worked with friend and fellow countryman, Albert Szent-Györgyi (Nobel Prize in Medicine 1937), under whose direction he isolated new vitamins and derivatives. Their work connection and friendship had a profound effect on the rest of Fodor's work, especially on his successive work with Vitamin C derivatives. In the last decades of his life, he remained active in collaborations with American pharmaceutical laboratory research, scientific publications, and continued to work as a retired professor in the West Virginia University Department of Chemistry. He wrote for scientific journals in Canada and the United States.
Fodor was diagnosed with third-stage lung cancer in late 1999, and he moved to San Diego, California, for specialized treatment. He died on November 3, 2000. Posthumously, the Hungarian Academy of Sciences published his memoirs: "Egy magyar kémikus élete."

</doc>
<doc id="6964277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964277" title="River Ehen">
River Ehen

The River Ehen is a river in Cumbria, England.
The river's source is at the west end of Ennerdale Water: it runs west through Ennerdale Bridge where it is joined by Croasdale Beck (flowing from Banna Fell). Ennerdale Water itself is fed by the River Liza.
The Ehen continues past Cleator Moor and Cleator, where it is fed by the River Keekle, moving southwards through Egremont and eventually running parallel to the Irish Sea which it eventually joins at Sellafield at the same point as the River Calder.
Wildlife.
The river supports the largest freshwater pearl mussel population in England.
The river is a breeding ground for Atlantic salmon. There is widespread poaching along the length of the river.
Environmental protection.
The river Ehen was designated a Special Area of Conservation in 2005. The section of the coast into which it flows was designated as the Cumbria Coast Marine Conservation Zone in 2013.
The Ehen is home to the Ennerdale black pearl, a rare black pearl formed in freshwater pearl mussels. It is the only river in England to be part of the project "Pearls in Peril", funded by the European Union's LIFE + NATURE Programme. The project aims to conserve the species at 21 sites in the UK. The freshwater pearl mussel relies for part of its life on the presence of salmonids, a group of fish including salmon and trout.
Sellafield has previously used water from the River Ehen for cooling on the site, but ceased this operation in the 1990s. There is a weir on Ennerdale Water, and as at 2016 the valley continues to be an important source of drinking water for customers of United Utilities in West Cumbria. However, there are plans to supply these customers using a new pipeline from Thirlmere because the Environment Agency has confirmed that for environmental reasons it will rescind the abstraction licence for Ennerdale. This means United Utilities must stop using it as a source of water by 2025 at the latest, and therefore will need to find one or more alternative sources of water.

</doc>
<doc id="6964278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964278" title="Cuban ribbontail catshark">
Cuban ribbontail catshark

The Cuban ribbontail catshark ("Eridacnis barbouri"), is a finback catshark of the family Proscylliidae, found off western central Atlantic Ocean at depths of between 430 and 613 m. It can grow up to a length of 34 cm.
The Cuban ribbontail catshark is ovoviviparous.

</doc>
<doc id="6964282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964282" title="Paruchuri brothers">
Paruchuri brothers

 Paruchuri Venkateswara Rao (born 21 June 1944) and Paruchuri Gopala Krishna (born 25 September 1947), collectively referred to as the Paruchuri Brothers, are a screenwriting duo whose work is predominant as story writers, dialogue writers, actors, directors, poets, playwrights, and novelists in the Indian Telugu film industry.
They have written the stories and dialogues for over 358 films; to name a few E Charithra Ye Siratho, Naa Desam, Khaidi, Eenadu, Mundadugu, Bobbili Brahmanna, Prajaswamyam, Karthavyam, Varsham, Sarpayagam, Major Chandrakanth Samarasimha Reddy, Narasimha Naidu, Okkadu, Indra, Tagore, Manasantha Nuvve, Nee Sneham, Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana, Shankardada MBBS, Drushyam, Khaidi No. 150, Rudrama Devi and Sye Raa Narasimha Reddy.
Filmography.
As directors (1984 – Present).
In 1984, both the brothers decided to direct films and their first film as directors under Srinadh movies was Kai Raja Kai. Later they directed total of 9 films, Bhale Thammudu, Sreekatnaleelalu, Repati Swarajyam, Praja Swamyamyam, Maa Telugu Talli, Maro Quit India, Sarpayagam and Singanna.

</doc>
<doc id="6964287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964287" title="Omega transmitter Bratland">
Omega transmitter Bratland



</doc>
<doc id="6964289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964289" title="Eridacnis barbouri">
Eridacnis barbouri



</doc>
<doc id="6964291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964291" title="Hoover commission">
Hoover commission



</doc>
<doc id="6964292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964292" title="SH 42 (TX)">
SH 42 (TX)



</doc>
<doc id="6964293" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964293" title="SH 43 (TX)">
SH 43 (TX)



</doc>
<doc id="6964296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964296" title="Centerville School District">
Centerville School District



</doc>
<doc id="6964297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964297" title="SH 44 (TX)">
SH 44 (TX)



</doc>
<doc id="6964301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964301" title="SH 45 (TX)">
SH 45 (TX)



</doc>
<doc id="6964302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964302" title="Altinho, Goa">
Altinho, Goa

Altinho ("") is a hill neighbourhood of Panaji, the state capital of India's smallest state Goa. 
In the past it has been considered an elite residential colony, with the State's chief minister's residence and the Archbishop's palace located here. Although Altinho is a residential area, it is a home to Panaji's All India Radio station (whose precursor was the famed Emissora de Goa radio station of Portuguese times). It is also home to a sprawling set of quarters for government servants, and homes allotted to ruling party politicians.

</doc>
<doc id="6964310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964310" title="Stanislav Gasienica">
Stanislav Gasienica



</doc>
<doc id="6964311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964311" title="SH 46 (TX)">
SH 46 (TX)



</doc>
<doc id="6964313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964313" title="Chinese fortune cookie">
Chinese fortune cookie



</doc>
<doc id="6964316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964316" title="SH 47 (TX)">
SH 47 (TX)



</doc>
<doc id="6964321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964321" title="SH 48 (TX)">
SH 48 (TX)



</doc>
<doc id="6964323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964323" title="Unc-chapel hill">
Unc-chapel hill



</doc>
<doc id="6964325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964325" title="SH 49 (TX)">
SH 49 (TX)



</doc>
<doc id="6964331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964331" title="SH 50 (TX)">
SH 50 (TX)



</doc>
<doc id="6964334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964334" title="Michael Buchman Silver">
Michael Buchman Silver



</doc>
<doc id="6964336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964336" title="River Liza">
River Liza

The River Liza flows through Ennerdale, a glacial valley in Cumbria, England. The river is allowed to flow freely as part of a rewilding project.
The Liza flows from its source below Windy Gap on Great Gable through a steep-sided valley to Ennerdale Water. The river's catchment is in the Lake District National Park.
Etymology.
The name of the Liza derives from the Old Norse "ljós á", conferring a meaning of "light (or shining) river".
Rewilding.
The river is subject to the Wild Ennerdale Project which aims to introduce more wildlife to the Ennerdale Valley. The Wild Ennerdale Project uses a policy similar to managed retreat which means the river is subject to no human interference or maintenance such as dredging, straightening or even flood defences. This means the river is free to flood as the effects would be felt by very few people as the Ennerdale Valley is sparsely inhabited.
The river is used as a spawning ground by Arctic char and the project has increased their numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="6964340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964340" title="Javascriptlet">
Javascriptlet



</doc>
<doc id="6964345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964345" title="Opća enciklopedija JLZ">
Opća enciklopedija JLZ



</doc>
<doc id="6964346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964346" title="Carmel Winery">
Carmel Winery

Carmel Winery () is a vineyard and winery in Israel. Founded in 1882 by Edmond James de Rothschild, its products are exported to over 40 countries. It is the largest winery in Israel, with a local market share of almost 50%.
Overview.
Carmel Winery manufactures mainly wine, brandy and grape juice. It is the prime producer of wine in Israel, as it produces nearly half of the Israeli wine market, and one of the largest wine producers in the Eastern Mediterranean. It is the first and oldest exporter of wine, brandy and grape juice in the country, and also the largest producer of kosher wine in the world.
The company is owned by the council of the Vine-growers Union (75%) and the Jewish Agency for Israel (25%). Its parent company is Societe Cooperative Vigneronne des Grandes Caves Richon Le Zion &amp; Zikhron Ya'akov Ltd. (S.C.V.)
The company holds the two largest wineries in Israel (Rishon Le Zion and Zichron Ya'acov), as well as two new smaller ones: Yatir Winery (50% ownership) and the Kayoumi Winery. In addition, the company owns 1,400 hectares (3,472 acres) of vineyards in Israel.
Carmel's production reaches 15 million bottles per year and its profit from export is US$5 million from 40 countries.
History.
When the settlers of the First Aliyah, Jews who immigrated to Ottoman Empire from Eastern Europe in the second half of the 19th century, encountered difficulties in cultivating the land due to their lack of experience and the soil's characteristics, they began to seek support outside of the Ottoman Empire for establishing vineyards and wineries. Their representatives visited France, where they met Baron Edmond de Rothschild, owner of Château Lafite. As a Zionist, Rothschild provided financial and moral assistance to the settlers. His first vineyards were planted near Rishon LeZion, south east of Jaffa. In 1882, French rootstock was imported, and the Baron sent his own wine specialists to advise the pioneers in this enterprise. Construction began on a large wine cellar in Rishon LeZion. Later, a second winery was established in Zikhron Ya'akov, situated on Mount Carmel just south of Haifa.
In 1895 Carmel Wine Co. was formed to export wines of Rishon LeZion and Zikhron Ya'akov, first in Poland, then in Austria, Great Britain and the United States. In 1902 Carmel Mizrahi was founded in The Ottoman Empire to market and distribute wines to the cities of the Ottoman Empire.
In 1896, the first Carmel wines were presented at the International Exhibition of Berlin at a special pavilion devoted to the industries of the Jewish colony in the Ottoman Empire. Over a hundred thousand people visited the exhibition, looked at the products, and drank a glass of Rishon LeZion wine. A year later, a world gardening exhibition was held in Hamburg where the settlers' wines were well received. Rishon LeZion wines won a gold medal at the Paris World's Fair in 1900.
In 1906, both the vineyards and the management of the two wineries were deeded to the winegrowers, forming the "Societé Cooperative Vigneronne des Grandes Caves, Richon le Zion and Zikhron Jacob Ltd."
Many of Israel's historical figures worked in the vineyards and in the wineries. Perhaps the two most famous were the first Prime Minister of Israel, David Ben-Gurion and his successor, Levi Eshkol.
Through the early decades of the 20th century the wine business bloomed. Branches of Carmel Wine Co., were opened in Damascus, Cairo, Beirut, Berlin, London, Warsaw and Alexandria, and sales increased, particularly during the First World War, when allied troops passed through Palestine. However, the businesses fell sharply when the war was over. The industry lost its principal markets in Russia due to the October Revolution, in the United States because of Prohibition, and in Egypt and the Middle East because of Arab nationalism. Many of the vineyards were uprooted and replanted with citrus trees.
However, during the Second World War, the industry began to grow again and with successive waves of immigrants, drinking habits gradually changed. In 1957, the estate of the Baron Edmond de Rothschild deeded over the two wineries to the Cooperative of Winegrowers, the Societé Cooperative Vigneronne des Grandes Caves, by then, better known under the trade name Carmel Mizrahi in Israel and Carmel worldwide.
For some years after the end of the war, Carmel's output was focused on sweet wines used for sacramental purposes. However, with the emergence of the new world in wine making, Israeli wine makers sought new varieties of grapes, thus in 1971 Cabernet Sauvignon and Sauvignon Blanc, the first varietal wines from Israel, were presented in the United States market.
In the early 1980s, the wine industry in Israel fell upon hard times, but in the second half of the decade, wine became more popular and demands for quality stimulated tremendous improvements in the varieties of grapes being grown, the cultivation of new growing regions and the updating of fermentation and production techniques.
Over the past few years, new wineries have been built, the existing wineries have been renovated and a new team of wine makers have been employed.
In 2003 Carmel agreed to sponsor 'Carmel Trophy for Best Eastern Mediterranean Producer' at I.W.S.C. in London. In 2004 Peter Stern (formerly at Mondavi &amp; Gallo) from California was appointed wine making consultant. The same year Carmel founded 'Handcrafted Wines of Israel'.
Exports are made to over 40 countries.
Wineries.
Carmel's first winery and head office is Rishon LeZion Winery, which is located in the city of Rishon LeZion. It was built in 1890 by Baron Edmond de Rothschild, making it the oldest industrial building in Israel still in use. The winery is the largest winery in Israel in terms of production of wines, spirits and grape juice. It was the first establishment in Israel to install electricity and telephone, and David Ben-Gurion, Israel's first prime minister, worked there. It underwent renovations in the 1990s.
Carmel's second winery is Zikhron Ya'akov Winery. Located in Zikhron Ya'akov, it is used for production of wine and blending of olive oil. it was built in 1892, also by Baron Edmond de Rothschild. The winery is the largest winery in Israel in terms of grapes received at harvest. It includes a new winery built in 2003 and a pilot micro-winery for research and development.
Yatir Winery is a small winery built in 2000 which receives grapes only from its own vineyards. It is situated in Tel Arad, an archaeological site with 3,000 years of history, in the northeastern Negev. The winery was a joint venture between Carmel (50%) and Gadash local wine growers (50%). Yatir Winery is now solely owned by Carmel Winery. Its vineyards are located in Yatir Forest in the southern Judean Hills.
Another newly built winery is Ramat Dalton, located in Ramat Dalton, Upper Galilee. It was built in 2004 and receives its grapes from vineyards in Upper Galilee and Golan Heights.
Vineyards.
Carmel Winery owns numerous vineyards across Israel, from the Galilee and the Golan Heights in the North to the Negev in the South. These vineyards include some of the finest individual vineyard sites in the country. On average, Carmel harvests about 25,000 tonnes of grapes, which is approximately 50% of Israel's total harvest. Exported wines will show the growing region on the label.
In the Galilee and Golan, which are generally accepted as Israel's finest wine growing areas due to their higher altitude and cooler climate, Carmel's vineyards focus on growing quality grapes. Carmel has vineyards in the central and northern Golan and it is the leading winery presence in the premium Upper Galilee. The grapes from the finest vineyards go to Ramat Dalton Winery.
The coastal regions of Sharon and Central Coastal Plain are Israel's traditional grape growing areas, where Carmel's vines were originally planted. In the northern Sharon Plain, Israel's largest wine growing region, benefiting from Mount Carmel Range and from breezes off the Mediterranean Sea, Carmel owns extensive areas of vineyards. The main concentration of vineyards is in the valleys surrounding the winery towns of Zikhron Ya'akov and Binyamina. This is the largest region for Carmel which surrounds the Zikhron Ya'akov Winery. It was announced in early 2008 that a wine park would be created on the slopes between Zikhron Ya'akov and Binyamina in order to promote tourism in the area and wine tourism in Israel in general.
The Central Coastal Plain (known as Dan) and the rolling hills of the Judean Lowlands make up the second coastal region, in which grapes have been traditionally grown. This is the second largest area for growing vines in Israel, as it has a coastal Mediterranean climate: hot, humid summers and warm, mild winters. It is a large region for Carmel and it supplies the Rishon LeZion Winery.
In the Judean Hills, an area proved to yield grapes of high quality due to its warm days and cool nighttime temperature, Carmel has premium vineyards in Yatir Forest, the largest forest in Israel. These vineyards, which are up to 900 meters above sea level, supply grapes for the Yatir Winery.
Carmel is a pioneer in the Negev, a popular area for vine growing in ancient times, with its high quality Ramat Arad vineyard situated on the north east Negev plateau, 500 meters above sea level with very hot days and cold nights.

</doc>
<doc id="6964347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964347" title="Sondhi's Danio">
Sondhi's Danio



</doc>
<doc id="6964348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964348" title="I Just Wanna Love U (Give It To Me)">
I Just Wanna Love U (Give It To Me)



</doc>
<doc id="6964350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964350" title="Aldra">
Aldra

Aldra is an island in Lurøy Municipality in Nordland county, Norway. It is located just off the mainland coast, north of the village of Haugland and west of Brattland. The island is separated from the mainland by the Aldersundet strait. The islands of Stigen and Lurøya lie to the west. The village of Aldra lies on the southeastern side of the island.
Aldra island is used as a VLF-transmission site. An antenna, spanning the fjord to Brattland, was used as part of the OMEGA Navigation System until 1997. That antenna was dismantled in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="6964352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964352" title="John F. Dumont Primary School">
John F. Dumont Primary School



</doc>
<doc id="6964356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964356" title="The Sandbox (play)">
The Sandbox (play)

The Sandbox is a one-act play by American playwright Edward Albee, first performed in 1959. The play explores themes of familial relationships, neglect, and the emotional detachment of modern society. It focuses on the interactions between an elderly woman, her adult children, and a symbolic young man, highlighting issues such as the dehumanization of the elderly and the contrast between outward appearances and inner emotional realities. The play uses absurdist elements and dark humor to comment on the shallow nature of family dynamics and societal values. Through its symbolic setting and characters, "The Sandbox" reflects Albee’s critique of modern American life. The play centers on a family consisting of a domineering mother (Mommy), her passive husband (Daddy), and their elderly, neglected mother (Grandma). 
Productions.
The first performance was on April 15, 1960 in the Jazz Gallery in New York City. The show was staged by Lawrence Arrick, original music by William Flanagan. The show starred Alan Helm (Young Man), Jane Hoffman (Mommy), Richard Woods (Daddy), Sudie Bond (Grandma), and Hal McKusick (Musician).
The play was produced Off-Broadway at the Cherry Lane Theatre in February 1962, in repertory with other Albee plays, in a Theatre of the Absurd series.
The play had several regional productions, including the Dallas Theatre Center in January 1963 starring Ruth Winchester in the lead role and the Los Angeles Theatre Company (season 1967-68). The play was performed as a collection of One Act plays in the spring of 1978 at Long Branch Junior High School in Long Branch New Jersey starring Michelle Begley and David Schroeder
The play ran Off-Broadway, produced by The Acting Company, at the Public Theatre in March 1984, with 8 modern one-act plays, titled "Pieces of Eight", directed by Alan Schneider.
The play was produced Off-Broadway by the Signature Theatre Company in a triple bill of one-act plays by Albee: "Sand", "The Sandbox" and "Finding the Sun." The plays ran from February 4, 1994 to March 6, 1994. Directed by Albee, the cast was Peggy Consgrave (Mommy), Jane Hoffman (Grandma), Edward Seamon (Daddy), Aisha Benoir (Cellist), and Earl Nash (Young Man).
The play was performed Off-Broadway at the Cherry Lane Theatre in March 2008, in a double bill with "The American Dream". Directed by Albee, the cast featured Judith Ivey (Mommy), George Bartenieff (Daddy), Lois Markle (Grandma), Jesse Williams (Young Man) and Daniel Shevlin (Musician).
The play was produced Off-Broadway by the Signature Theatre Company in a triple bill of one-act plays by Edward Albee, Maria Irene Fornes, and Adrienne Kennedy. The plays ran from May 3, 2016 to June 19, 2016. Directed by Lila Neugebauer, the cast was Alison Fraser (Mommy), Phyllis Somerville (Grandma), Frank Wood (Daddy), Melody Giron (Cellist), and Ryan-James Hatanaka (Young Man).
The play is approximately 15 minutes long and involves direct address by the actors to the audience, their acknowledgment that they are performers in a play, and the offering of cues to the musician.
Plot synopsis.
Beginning with brightest day, the Young Man is performing calisthenics (which he continues to do until the very end of the play) near a sandbox (or sandpit) at the beach. Mommy and Daddy have brought Grandma all the way out from the city and placed her in the sandbox. As Mommy and Daddy wait nearby in some chairs, the Musician plays off and on, according to what the other characters instruct him to do. Throughout the play, the Young Man is very pleasant, greeting the other characters with a smile as he says, "Hi!". As Mommy and Daddy cease to acknowledge Grandma while they wait, Grandma reverts from her childish behavior and begins to speak coherently to the audience. Grandma and the Young Man begin to converse with each other. Grandma feels comfortable talking with the Young Man as he treats her like a human being (whereas Mommy and Daddy imply through their actions and dialogue that she is more of a chore that they must take care of). While still talking with the Young Man, she reminds someone off-stage that it should be nighttime by now. Once brightest day has become deepest night, Mommy and Daddy hear on-stage rumbling. Acknowledging that the sounds are literally coming from off-stage and not from thunder or breaking waves, Mommy knows that Grandma's death is here and weeps heavily. As daylight resumes, Mommy talks about how they must move on while standing by the sandbox before quickly exiting with Daddy. Although Grandma, who is lying down half buried in sand, has continued to mock Mommy and Daddy, she soon realizes that she can no longer move. It is at this moment that the Young Man finally stops performing his calisthenics and approaches Grandma and the sandbox. As he directs her to be still, he reveals that he is the angel of death and says, "...I am come for you." Even though he says his line like a real amateur, Grandma compliments him and closes her eyes with a smile.
Critical response.
The play received an almost universally negative reception, as critics attacked the confusing, absurdist plot.
However, Ben Brantley, in his review of the 2008 Off-Broadway production in "The New York Times", wrote that "The Sandbox" was a better play than "The American Dream", with which it was paired. Brantley wrote that "The Sandbox" "remains a harrowingly effective chamber piece." Joe Dziemianowicz, in his review of the 2008 double bill for "The New York Daily News" wrote: "...these satires on the storybook family deliver swift comic kicks and a piercing sting. They also contain the absurdism, acrobatic language and provocative thoughts on marriage and children that define Albee's long, illustrious career...The production ["The Sandbox"] benefits from snappy design, Albee's smart direction, and solid acting, though Markle, a last-minute replacement, seems too hearty for her role. On the other hand, Ivey is an ideal Mommy. Her acidly funny performance is enough for me to urge seeing this double bill double-quick."

</doc>
<doc id="6964358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964358" title="John F. Dumont Elementary">
John F. Dumont Elementary



</doc>
<doc id="6964360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964360" title="Sun Temple,Modhera">
Sun Temple,Modhera



</doc>
<doc id="6964365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964365" title="Dumont Elementary">
Dumont Elementary



</doc>
<doc id="6964366" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964366" title="Drexel University College of Engineering">
Drexel University College of Engineering

The Drexel University College of Engineering is the university's flagship college, founded in 1891 by banker A.J. Drexel to prepare his hometown Philadelphians to participate in opportunities provided by the Industrial Revolution. The college has six departments, 11 undergraduate programs/majors, and 17 graduate degree programs at its main campus in the University City section of Philadelphia, one block from 30th Street Station.
The college is listed in the "U.S. News &amp; World Report" 2023-24 rankings as #54 for Best Undergraduate Engineering Programs and #97 in Best Engineering Schools (graduate). Drexel was cited by "Forbes" magazine as one of the top 25 STEM (science, technology, engineering, mathematics) schools in the country. The Material Science and Engineering depart was ranked #29 for Global Universities in 2023 by U.S. News &amp; World Report.
History.
The Drexel Institute of Art, Science and Industry was founded in 1891 with a $3 million investment by banker Anthony J. Drexel, who played a major role in the rise of modern global finance after the American Civil War. Drexel foresaw the need for an institution with an emphasis on science and technology that would advance the common ideals of a just and diverse society by providing open access to higher education.
Drexel offered a Bachelor of Science in Engineering degree beginning in 1914. In 1943, the first women enrolled in the School of Engineering and in 1945 the school became the College of Engineering. The first graduate degrees were conferred in 1952.
Academics.
Drexel's College of Engineering offers undergraduate and graduate degrees in six academic departments:
There are also several institutes and centers:
The college has one of the nation's oldest cooperative education programs, established in 1919. Under the program, students alternate study with six-month cycles of full-time, professional employment both within and without the university, and at institutes and universities abroad. Up to 99% of undergraduates in the college participate in the co-op program.
Research.
The Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education classifies Drexel University as "R1: Doctoral Universities – Highest research activity," the highest category which includes just 37 private institutions. General research areas at the College of Engineering include advanced manufacturing, cyber and physical infrastructure, health and medicine, automation, computation, engineering education, materials, and systems engineering.
Translational and novel research is supported by grants and funding from extra-University sources such as the National Science Foundation, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, the National Institutes of Health, the Office of Naval Research, and the Army Research Laboratory.
Research expenditures for the college in 2018 were $20,081,937. In 2017, Drexel University was ranked 54th (tie) in the Top 100 Worldwide Universities Granted US Utility Patents by the National Academy of Inventors.
Notable alumni.
Alumni from the college of engineering include astronauts Christopher Ferguson and Paul W. Richards, inventor of network packet switching Paul Baran, developers of barcode technology Bernard Silver and Norman Joseph Woodland, professor Eli Fromm, AI researcher and podcast host Lex Fridman, financier Bennett S. LeBow, and engineer David H. Geiger.

</doc>
<doc id="6964372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964372" title="John F. Dumont Elementary School">
John F. Dumont Elementary School



</doc>
<doc id="6964387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964387" title="State Route 321 (Virginia 1923-1927)">
State Route 321 (Virginia 1923-1927)



</doc>
<doc id="6964388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964388" title="M-TADS/PNVS">
M-TADS/PNVS



</doc>
<doc id="6964389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964389" title="Roger Somville">
Roger Somville

Roger Somville (Schaerbeek, 13 November 1923 – Tervuren, 31 March 2014) was a modern Belgian painter. He defended realism against modern abstract art, which he believed de-humanize human beings.
In his book, "Peindre", he denounces among other things; "tricks in the shape of art", "empty productions", "triumph of less than nothing", "null simplism", "aesthete "bricolage"", "conformity of what's never been seen" and (the) "submissiveness of the modern art in a globalized market" ...
Somvile was a member of the Communist Party and accordingly wrote "La Création d’un art public exaltant la vie et le travail des hommes, leurs luttes, leurs souffrances, leurs joies, leurs victoires et leurs espoirs; art à placer à la portée de tous, là où passent et vivent les hommes". ("The Creation of a public art praising men's life and work, their fights, their griefs, their joys, their victories, and their hopes; an art made for everybody to carry it there where men pass and live.")
The entry in the "LAROUSSE Grand Dictionnaire Encyclopédique" describes Somville as "A Belgian
Painter of an expressive and monumental style, concerned by the realities of the contemporary world."
Background.
Born in Brussels in 1923, Somville lost his father, a worker in marquetry, at an early age.
He and his mother faced a precarious material existence. His uncle, a lithographer and early
Marxist, was a source of ideological influence. He took drawing lessons at the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts in Brussels (1940–1942), and then went to The Higher National school for Architecture and the Decorative Arts of Brussels, (in the architect atelier Lucien François' atelier). It was here that he would meet the painter Charles Counhaye who was to show him the way to expressive and monumental art (1942–1945).
Somville as a young man he became involved in and was
Intensely influenced by the great social movements and conflicts of his day: the rise of fascism,
The Spanish Civil War, the workers' movement. He read Marx and Lenin. He admired Bertolt
Brecht, Serge Eisenstein, Erwin, Piscator, Louis Armstrong, Charlie Chaplin and Eric von Stroheim.
His sensibility would lead him to take the part of the underprivileged and those least able to defend themselves: a stand had to be taken against man's exploitation of man and a painter's weapon in the revolutionary cause are his paints and brushes.
An advocate of realism.
In 1946, he created the "Centre de Rénovation de laTapisserie de Tournai" with his friends
Edmond Dubrunfaut and Louis Deltour and also the group "Forces murales". In 1951, he founded "atelier de la céramiquede Dour" with his wife, Simone Tits.
Somville adopted the Aragon thesis, which was that "the central question in art had never been the battle between pure invention, which did not exist, and observation which is indispensable
but rather one of the sense of the œuvre opposed to it futility".
He wrote the manifestos of the Realist Movement in 1958 and 1966 and developed thinking in his two books:
He wrote two unpublished works: "Notre temps" (a mural at the metro station Hankar) and "Peinture, novation, idéologie".
His sources are to be found in the work of the great masters and the giants epic paintings, among others Rubens, Goya, Gericault and Picasso (whom he met in 1951). Among his friends were Siqueiros, Guttuso, Pignon, Lorjou and Delvaux.
Means of expression.
Mural painting, aimed as it is as the widest possible audience, was a natural choice
for Somville to make. His work was to range from tapestry, of which "Le triomphe de la paix" (80m2/ 861 sq. ft), is doubtless the most well-known, to mural, which include the extraordinary work "Notre temps" (600m2/ 6,500 sq. ft.) at the Hankar metro, and the mural at the University of Louvain la Neuve of the theme "qu’est-ce qu’un intellectuel?",(410m2/4/1,330 ft), which he realized with the "Collectif d’art public" which he founded in 1980. His desire to create found expression in paintings which can be by turn wildly violent or strict and austere. In his drawings and etchings – both techniques which he used with masterly strength and charm – he could be satirical and ironic.
Themes.
Somville's political position was the result of his personal sensibility. Generosity, love of life, happiness and love all drove him to defend these human values by a political choice. Thus happiness, the implied other face to the coin, is represented in his work and as the result, his themes alternate as well.
They can be part of the collective epic: these are his compositions which attempt to tackle world events:
Alternatively, his energy expressed in caustic drawings: "La diarrhée intellectuelle", "Les vernissages".
Other themes are intimate in tone and celebrate Woman, "Hommage à Rubens", "Les baigneuses", "Les nus", "Le modèle et son peintre" are admirable portraits of his wife Simone.
Art.
Somville's work is rooted in a refusal of what he considered to be futile aestheteism. However,
his work is not therefore naturalist. Rather than copy reality, he took it as his source, reconstituting it and transforming it in new, pictural terms. Forms adapt themselves to the expression of a convictions, the pulsating, a character; they burst their limits, change their shape. The explosion of colours serves a desire to express the pulsating of an inner world, over and above the message. They thunder out, sometimes on the verge of the deliberate vulgarity, or, on the contrary are Gaiety and passionate love of live itself.
This is a long way from the anecdote or the "tour de force". As Emile Langui says,
"We are in the presence of a painter, in the absolute sense of the word."
His work as a painter, théoretician, lecturer and activist and his efforts for peace (he represented Belgium on the World Peace Council) were completed by his teaching life. At the Academy of Watermael-Boitsfort, which has become renowned under his direction, he trained numerous artists, independent of any artistic dogmatism. He directed the school from 1947 to 1986.
Somville's painting is known beyond the confines of a small coterie; retrospectives have been devoted to his work in Bruxelles, Paris, Moscow, Cologne, Sofia, Sofia, Mexico, Berlin, Saint-Denis, Bobigny, Liège, Budapest and La Havane, etc.
Among the collective exhibitions in which Somville's work has appeared are the Mostra Internationale di Bianco e Nero at Lugano (1960), the Biennale Internationale d’art at Venice (1962), the Biennale Internationale de la tapisserie at Lausanne (1962 and 1965), figuration et défiguration, at the Hedendaagse Kunst Museum in Ghent (1964), the Salon de mai, in Paris (1977), L’art belge depuis (1945), at the Musée des Beaux-Arts André Malraux, Le Havre (1982), then Salon International d’art, at Basle (1985), and other exhibitions including Amsterdam, Utrecht, Antwerp, Ostend, Ljubljana, Frechen, Rijeka, Heidelberg, Venise and Paris.
Somville's work is to be found in numerous museums in Belgium (the Moderne Art Museum in Brussels), and abroad (Mexico, Dresde, Faenza, the Hermitage in Saint Petersburg, Sofia, Paris and Lund). Among the various important prizes he has been awarded is the "Prix de le Critique" with Hans Bellmer, (1968–69).

</doc>
<doc id="6964390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964390" title="Gordon Hamilton Fairley">
Gordon Hamilton Fairley

Gordon Hamilton Fairley DM, FRCP (20 April 1930 – 23 October 1975) was a professor of medical oncology. Born and raised in Australia, he moved to the United Kingdom, where he studied and worked. He was killed by a Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) bomb intended to assassinate Sir Hugh Fraser.
Life and work.
The son of a research worker in tropical diseases, Sir Neil Hamilton Fairley, Fairley grew up in Melbourne. He later studied at Magdalen College, Oxford, and St Bartholomew's Hospital, London. Trained in hematology as Leverhulme Research Scholar at the Royal College of Physicians, he continued his research with an emphasis on immunohematology.
In 1968, he became director of the Clinical Research Unit at the Institute of Cancer Research. Two years afterward, he became director of the Medical Oncology Research Unit. In 1972, he was appointed Imperial Cancer Fund Professor of Oncology. As Professor of Medical Oncology at St Bartholomew's Hospital, he contributed a great deal to the chemotherapy and immunology of malignant disease, and, in particular, to the treatment of the malignant reticuloses.
In 1969, he delivered the Goulstonian Lecture to the Royal College of Physicians.
Death.
The 45-year-old Fairley was killed by an IRA bomb in Kensington, London, on 23 October 1975 whilst walking his dog. The bomb, placed under a car outside the Fraser family home, was intended for Sir Hugh Fraser. Fraser, a long time friend of the Kennedy family, had been hosting Caroline Kennedy at the time. The Balcombe Street Gang were subsequently convicted of Fairley's murder.
Brian Keenan, a senior IRA commander, was also apprehended and stood trial at the Old Bailey in London in June 1980 accused of organising the IRA's bombing campaign in England and being implicated in the deaths of eight people, including Fairley. Keenan was sentenced to 18 years' imprisonment after being found guilty on 25 June 1980.
Personal life.
Fairley was married with four children, the youngest of whom was 12 years old when he died. Fairley had been offered an appointment as Elizabeth II's personal physician, but had turned it down, preferring to work with the public.
Legacy.
Fairley is commemorated by a memorial sculpted by Richard Kindersley in the crypt of St Paul's Cathedral which reads: "Gordon Hamilton-Fairley DM FRCP, first professor of medical oncology, 1930-75. Killed by a terrorist bomb. It matters not how a man dies but how he lives".
A ward at St Bartholomew's Hospital was named after him.
The European Society for Medical Oncology awards an annual medal and prize for a contribution to cancer research, named in honour of Fairley.
In 1982, his widow, Daphne, who was a speech and language therapist, established a specialist therapy school, Fairley House School, as a memorial to Fairley. Originally located in Prince's Gate, since 2005 the school has been located on Lambeth Road.

</doc>
<doc id="6964392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964392" title="Antarctic Ice Marathon &amp; 100k ultra race">
Antarctic Ice Marathon &amp; 100k ultra race

The Antarctic Ice Marathon was established by Richard Donovan and Polar Running Adventures to enable marathon runners to complete a marathon on all seven continents. It also enables athletes to complete the marathon grand slam – a marathon on all seven continents and the North Pole.
Runnings of the Antarctic Ice Marathon and race have taken place at 80° south just a few hundred miles from the South Pole at the foot of the Ellsworth Mountains. Participants are flown from Punta Arenas, Chile to the race location in the interior of the Antarctic and experience sub-zero temperatures and 24 hours of daylight while there.
Results.
Other Events.
2007
2008
2011
2014
2018
2019

</doc>
<doc id="6964393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964393" title="State Route 321 (Virginia 1923-1926)">
State Route 321 (Virginia 1923-1926)



</doc>
<doc id="6964397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964397" title="Antoni Laciak">
Antoni Laciak



</doc>
<doc id="6964398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964398" title="Modhera Sun Temple">
Modhera Sun Temple



</doc>
<doc id="6964399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964399" title="Target Acquisition and Designation Sights, Pilot Night Vision System">
Target Acquisition and Designation Sights, Pilot Night Vision System



</doc>
<doc id="6964406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964406" title="Stumble (2003 film)">
Stumble (2003 film)



</doc>
<doc id="6964407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964407" title="Prix de Royallieu">
Prix de Royallieu

The Prix de Royallieu is a Group 1 flat horse race in France open to thoroughbred fillies and mares aged three years or older. It is run at Longchamp over a distance of 2,800 metres (about 1 mile and 6 furlongs), and it is scheduled to take place each year in late September or early October.
History.
The event is named after Royallieu, an area where the stables of Frédéric de Lagrange were located in the late 19th century. The original version was open to horses of either gender aged three or older. It was contested over 3,000 metres in late October.
The race was restricted to three-year-old fillies and cut to 2,600 metres in 1922. It was cancelled in 1939 and 1940 because of World War II. For the following two years it was run at Le Tremblay over 2,500 metres, and it resumed at Longchamp in 1943.
The Prix de Royallieu was opened to older fillies and mares in 1965. It was given Group 3 status in 1971, and was shortened to 2,500 metres in 1972.
The event was promoted to Group 2 level and moved to the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe weekend in 1988. The latter race is traditionally held on the first Sunday of October. The race was run at Group 1 level for the first time in 2019, when the distance was increased from 2500 metres to 2800 metres.
Records.
Most successful horse since 1922 (2 wins):
Leading jockey since 1922 (6 wins):
Leading trainer since 1922 (8 wins):
Leading owner since 1922 (8 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="6964408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964408" title="I Wish (R. Kelly song)">
I Wish (R. Kelly song)

"I Wish" is an R&amp;B song recorded by American singer-songwriter R. Kelly, from the 2000 album "TP-2.com". It was released as the album's first single. It spent three weeks at number one on the U.S. "Billboard" R&amp;B chart and peaked at number 14 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. The song is dedicated to Kelly's mother Joanne as well as friends and other loved ones of his who have died. This song was originally going to feature rapper 2Pac, but he died before recording his verse. The remix, which was titled "I Wish – Remix (To the Homies That We Lost)" featured Hip Hop duo Boo &amp; Gotti, who were then signed to his Rockland Records imprint.
Music video.
The official music video for "I Wish", directed by R. Kelly and Christopher Erskin, complements the song's deeply emotional tone, which is a tribute to lost loved ones. The video features Kelly visiting a cemetery, where he mourns and reflects on the people he has lost in his life, including his mother Joanne and close friends. These visuals align with the song's lyrics, offering a personal glimpse into Kelly’s grief. In various scenes, he is seen walking through his old neighborhood in Chicago, illustrating the connection between his fame, community, and personal struggles.
The video's emotional depth is enhanced by the appearance of Kelly's daughter, Joann, symbolizing the importance of family in the midst of loss. It further reflects Kelly's personal life, grounding the viewer in the reality of his experiences, rather than a purely fictional narrative. The video also includes shots of urban life, invoking themes of remembrance, loyalty, and longing for the past.
Additionally, a remixed version of the video was produced for the track "I Wish – Remix (To the Homies That We Lost)," featuring the hip hop duo Boo &amp; Gotti. This version included extra scenes and performances that expanded the narrative to honor fallen friends within the larger hip hop community, extending the tribute beyond Kelly's personal experiences.

</doc>
<doc id="6964410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964410" title="Texas State Highway 58">
Texas State Highway 58

State Highway 58 (SH 58) was a state highway in the U.S. state of Texas maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT). The highway was located within the city of Midland in Midland County. The route began at I-20 in south Midland and follows Cotton Flat Rd. and S. Garfield St.) to Spur 268 and Bus. SH 158 in central Midland and intersected BL I-20 in central Midland. The route was designated in 2009, and completed by 2011. The route was decommissioned in 2011 and became a rerouted Business State Highway 158-B. The SH 58 designation was assigned to a highway along the Gulf Coast in the 1920s and 1930s.
History.
SH 58 was designated on August 21, 1923, over a route from Ganado through Bay City, Columbia, and Angleton to a point on the mainland just east of Galveston, replacing SH 19A. On March 19, 1928, the western portion of the route was rerouted to the Army Camp near Palacios from Bay City. The eastern portion was rerouted through Alvin between Angleton and Galveston. on February 20, 1929, the section from Ganado to Midfield was restored as a state highway, with no number, and this was eliminated on March 19, 1930. On June 25, 1930, the route was truncated to end at Alvin as the route from Alvin to Galveston was transferred to SH 38. On April 3, 1931, a branch west to Ganado was added, but that was cancelled on January 20, 1932.
SH 58 Spur was designated on May 28, 1933 from SH 58 to the Retrieve Prison Farm. On April 10, 1934, the route designation was canceled, and the highway was added to SH 35 as an extension. SH 58 Spur was redesignated as SH 35 Spur.
The route in Midland was designated on May 28, 2009. Construction of the new roadway between Cotton Flat Rd. and Carter Ave. began in May 2010. It was completed by June 30, 2011, but it was cancelled that day. This route became Business State Highway 158-B in 2011 when it was rerouted.
Route description.
The route began at I-20 in south Midland and continued a short distance northward along Cotton Flat Rd. before turning to the northeast along a five-lane extension of S. Garfield St. The extension joined the already constructed segment of S. Garfield St. at Carter Ave. The route continued along S. Garfield Ave. crossing the Union Pacific Railroad and I-20 Bus. before terminating at Spur 268 and SH 158 Bus. in central Midland.

</doc>
<doc id="6964412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964412" title="Rajamati">
Rajamati

Rājamati () is a 1995 Nepali film made in Nepal Bhasa. The first Nepal Bhasa movie is "Silu", released in 1987.
"Rajamati" is about a luckless Newar girl named Rajamati from Kathmandu who gets involved in a series of failed relationships. The story is based on a 200-year-old ballad popular in Newar society. Rajamati was born at Taha Nani in Itum Baha, a historical and sacred neighborhood in central Kathmandu.
The song.
The song "Rajamati" is one of the most popular songs of the Newars. It also gained fame because it was played by a guard of honor during the state visit of Prime Minister Jung Bahadur to England in 1850. Maestro Seturam Shrestha made the first recording of the song on gramophone disc in Kolkata in 1908. Prem Dhoj Pradhan composed and sang Rajamti song in his own style. Prem Dhoj Pradhan sang Rajamati in various stages and functions for many many years made it very popular. He recorded "Rajamati" song in 1962 in Calcutta Indian, on 78 rpm gramophone.
In the song, a love-struck man tells how much he desires Rajamati, and that he will go to Kashi (Varanasi) and become an ascetic if he doesn't get to marry her. Then he describes her curly hair, long eyes, fair complexion and moles on the cheek.
The song then mentions three sunken waterspouts in Kathmandu, Thahiti uptown, Kwahiti at the southern end and Maruhiti in the center (near Kathmandu Durbar Square); and how Rajamati, who had gone to Maruhiti to fetch water, tripped on a large stone and fell flat on her back.
The singer then laments how Rajamati was given away in marriage over her protestations because of a devious matchmaker, and how she ended up in a house without a decorative window.

</doc>
<doc id="6964423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964423" title="I Just Wanna Love U (Give It 2 Me)">
I Just Wanna Love U (Give It 2 Me)

"I Just Wanna Love U (Give It 2 Me)" is a song by American rapper Jay-Z, released as the first single from his 2000 album "". It was produced by the Neptunes and features a chorus performed by Neptunes member Pharrell and Pennsylvania rapper Omillio Sparks, both of whom were uncredited. The video for the song, directed by David Meyers, features cameos from rappers Lil' Kim, Lil' Cease, Damon Dash, Beanie Sigel, Memphis Bleek, Jermaine Dupri and actor John Witherspoon.
Janet Jackson included the song in a dance breakdown during "Nasty" on her All for You Tour. The song was also featured during Coldplay's Viva tour as pre-show music, a reference due to Jay-Z's feature on the track "Lost!". Beyoncé also included the song in the "Crazy in Love" breakdown on her I Am World Tour.
Jay-Z's first verse interpolates the Notorious B.I.G.'s song "The World Is Filled..." from the album "Life After Death", as well as an interpolation from "I Wish" by Carl Thomas. The chorus of the song is interpolated from "Give It to Me Baby" by Rick James.
In 2024, the song appeared on Pharrell's soundtrack album for the film "Piece by Piece".
On July 14, 2025, during Beyonce’s Cowboy Carter Tour, Jay-Z played this song as part of a special guest appearance at the fourth of four shows at Mercedes-Benz Stadium.
Reception.
During a spot on Bill Maher's talk show, Jay-Z revealed the song was based on a true story, about real life events that occurred during a Mary J. Blige afterparty. AllMusic's Steve Birchmeier considers "I Just Wanna Love U" to be "a fun, playful song miles away from the rugged Ruff Ryder beats Swizz Beatz had been offering Jay-Z a year earlier." In addition, Rob Marriott of "Rolling Stone" and Steve Juon of RapReviews.com describe it as a club-ready track that will get "whips hopping from coast to coast.". The single eventually became the first Jay-Z single to reach number one on the Hip-Hop/R&amp;B chart. The song was voted number one by "Complex" for their Best Songs of the Decade list. The song peaked at number 11 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, number one on the Billboard Hot R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, number 3 on "Billboard"'s Hot Rap Songs chart, and number 17 on the UK Singles Chart.
Britney Spears said she was inspired by Jay-Z and "I Just Wanna Love U (Give It 2 Me)" to work with the song's producers the Neptunes for her "Britney" album, saying "for this album I was really inspired by Jay-Z and the Neptunes, those were the two people I really listened to." Spears' single "I'm a Slave 4 U", released the following year, was produced by the Neptunes and became a defining hit in her career.

</doc>
<doc id="6964424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964424" title="Portia perez">
Portia perez



</doc>
<doc id="6964428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964428" title="The Baltimore Case">
The Baltimore Case



</doc>
<doc id="6964432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964432" title="Jason Fortuny prank">
Jason Fortuny prank



</doc>
<doc id="6964434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964434" title="Corporate Transparency">
Corporate Transparency



</doc>
<doc id="6964440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964440" title="St. Xavier's College, Mapusa, Goa">
St. Xavier's College, Mapusa, Goa

St. Xavier's College is a private Catholic university college located in the town of Mapusa in the district of North Goa. It is the largest and oldest college in Goa, India. The college is accredited by the NAAC with a Grade "A", or CGPA 3.12 out of 4.
History.
The college was among the first set up, in 1963, soon after the end of Portuguese rule in Goa (in 1961). It was set up by a team of two Jesuit priests from Bombay (now Mumbai), and is currently administered by the Archdiocese of Goa
Controversy.
On 22 January 2022, ABVP Goa protested at the college campus over non-installation of the student council for the year 2022-23
A Nagpuri cultural event held at St. Xavier's College in Mapusa on April 20th 2025 turned into a controversy after it was reported that attendees were consuming alcohol on campus, despite the event having prior approval from the college and guidelines prohibiting such activities. The event, organized by a Jharkhand-based group, was expected to attract a large crowd and promote Nagpuri music, dance, and traditions. However, videos circulating on social media showed violations of the college's rules, leading to criticism and a police complaint.Crowds were also reported to have gathered at the Mapusa Bus Stand, engaging in public drinking, further exacerbating the situation

</doc>
<doc id="6964442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964442" title="Myphl17">
Myphl17



</doc>
<doc id="6964448" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964448" title="Crandon Park">
Crandon Park

Crandon Park is an urban park in metropolitan Miami, occupying the northern part of Key Biscayne. It is connected to mainland Miami via the Rickenbacker Causeway.
History.
The land Crandon Park occupies was once part of the largest coconut plantation in the United States, operated by William John Matheson and his heirs. In 1940 the Matheson family donated of their land to Dade County (now Miami-Dade County) for a public park. In return, county commissioner Charles H. Crandon promised that the county would build a causeway to Key Biscayne. World War II delayed construction, but the causeway opened in 1947.
Crandon Park included a zoo, occupying of the park. The first animals in the zoo, including some lions, an elephant and a rhinoceros, had been stranded when a circus went out of business in Miami. Some Galapagos tortoises, monkeys and pheasants were added from the Matheson plantation. Other animals were added, including a white Bengal tiger. In 1981 the Crandon Park Zoo was moved from the park to a location south of Miami, and became the Miami MetroZoo, later renamed the Miami-Dade Zoological Park and Gardens.
Facilities.
The park is more than in size, and has of beach on the Atlantic Ocean side. Crandon Boulevard extends from the end of the Rickenbacker Causeway through the length of the park, providing access to the Village of Key Biscayne and Bill Baggs Cape Florida State Park.
The park has a variety of facilities, including a marina, a golf course, the Tennis Center at Crandon Park, a family amusement center, picnic shelters and a nature center. There is parking for more than 3,000 vehicles in the park. Part of the park is set aside as the Bear Cut Preserve, a designated natural Environment Study Area. Guided tours through the preserve are available.
Marjory Stoneman Douglas Biscayne Nature Center.
The Marjory Stoneman Douglas Biscayne Nature Center, also known as Biscayne Nature Center, is located at the north end of Crandon Park. Features include natural history exhibits, demonstration lab classroom facilities, an audio visual presentation room and a gift shop. The center is a project of Miami-Dade County Public Schools, Miami-Dade County Parks and Recreation Department and the not-for-profit community support group.

</doc>
<doc id="6964454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964454" title="Open Business">
Open Business



</doc>
<doc id="6964455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964455" title="The Troubles in Ardboe">
The Troubles in Ardboe

A list of fatal incidents during the Troubles in Ardboe, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="6964460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964460" title="Mitsubishi Pajero iO">
Mitsubishi Pajero iO

The Mitsubishi Pajero iO is a mini SUV produced by the Japanese manufacturer Mitsubishi between 1999 (since June 15, 1998, in three-door form, and August 24, 1998, as a five-door) and 2007. The "iO" name is derived from the Italian for "I" which, according to Mitsubishi, "generates an image of being easy to get to know, easy to drive, and of being one's very own Pajero".
Overview.
It was exported as the Montero iO, and to Europe as the Pajero Pinin, Shogun Pinin or simply Pinin to honour Pininfarina, which built the local market versions of the car at their factory near Turin, Italy. It was also produced in Brazil as the Pajero TR4 from 2002 to 2015 under license. The name was changed after imported versions were referred to as "1.0" instead of "iO", which could lead to confusion about the engine sizes. The Brazilian TR4 was Mitsubishi's first four-wheel drive flexible-fuel vehicle - running on gasoline, ethanol or a combination of the two - when it was introduced in July 2007. The car is also produced in China by Changfeng Automobile under the Liebao (Leopaard) brand as the Changfeng Liebao Feiteng CFA 6400 available with the 4G94 engine paired to a 5-speed manual transmission.
Annual production.
"(sources: Facts &amp; Figures 2000, Facts &amp; Figures 2005, Facts &amp; Figures 2008, Mitsubishi Motors website)"

</doc>
<doc id="6964466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964466" title="General Encyclopedia of the Yugoslav Lexicographical Institute">
General Encyclopedia of the Yugoslav Lexicographical Institute

The General Encyclopedia of the Yugoslav Lexicographical Institute () is a general encyclopedia published in eight volumes by the Yugoslav Lexicographical Institute in Zagreb between 1977 and 1982. It was the third edition of the encyclopedia, with the first two editions being published under the name "Enciklopedija leksikografskog zavoda" (). The first edition in seven volumes was published between 1955 and 1964, and the second edition in six volumes was published between 1966 and 1969.
Volumes.
The third edition of the encyclopedia has 8 volumes:
The third edition was amended with an additional volume ("Dopunski svezak") published in 1988:

</doc>
<doc id="6964469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964469" title="Cop suicide">
Cop suicide



</doc>
<doc id="6964472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964472" title="Brundage Mountain">
Brundage Mountain

Brundage Mountain Resort is an alpine ski area in the western United States, located in west central Idaho in the Payette National Forest. Brundage first opened in November 1961 and is northwest of McCall, a twenty-minute drive in average winter conditions.
The summit elevation of Brundage is above sea level, with an overall vertical drop of . Five chairlifts serve the of primarily west-facing terrain, overlooking New Meadows, Adams County, and past the Snake River into eastern Oregon. The area's annual snowfall is . The summit of Brundage Mountain straddles the county line with Valley County to the east, in which McCall lies.
Brundage also offers backcountry powder skiing on of terrain north of the lift-served ski area, serviced by snow cats. Half-day, full-day, and two-day trips are available to areas including Granite Mountain at and Slab Mountain at . The two-day trip spends the night in a mountain yurt. These areas are among the highest average snowfalls 
Brundage is accessed from State Highway 55 via the turnoff to Goose Lake Road, west of central McCall. Goose Lake Road climbs slightly over 1000 vertical feet (300 m) in when it diverts to the ski area's parking lot, at an elevation of just over . The ski area is bisected by the 45th parallel, midway between the equator and north pole.
During the summer months, Brundage has chairlift-served mountain biking on over of specially built single-track trails.
History.
In the late 1950s, alpine skiers in the McCall area had just the Little Ski Hill, with its modest vertical drop. Bogus Basin near Boise was over three hours away (in good conditions) by vehicle, and Sun Valley was considerably farther. One of these McCall skiers was Boise agribusiness tycoon J.R. Simplot (1909–2008), who had a vacation home on Payette Lake.
Financed by Simplot, the Brundage Mountain project took shape under the guidance of longtime McCall resident, Warren Brown (1912–2000) and ski legend Corey Engen (1916–2006). A former Olympian and instructor at the Little Ski Hill, Engen laid out the trails on the mountain during the summer of 1961. Favorable snowfall allowed Brundage to open on Thanksgiving on November 23, with a double chairlift, T-bar, and a rope tow. The lift tickets were priced at a then-lofty five dollars, similar to Sun Valley's rates; Engen stayed on as resort manager until 1970. The original A-frame lodge was expanded with a two-story addition in the fall of 1971, and lift tickets went up fifty cents, to $5.50.
A second double chairlift, "Brundage Creek," was added in 1976, in parallel with the original "Pioneer." The "Centennial" triple chairlift was added in 1990 to the southern edge of the terrain, which increased the area's terrain by 30% and added of vertical drop by lowering the base. The "Easy Street" chairlift was installed at the beginner area in 1994, adding a lower parking lot at its base. The parallel double chairlifts were replaced in the summer of 1997 by a single high-speed detachable quad, the "Blue Bird Express", which ascended to the summit in a rapid seven minutes.
In April 2006, the J.R. Simplot Company sold its 50% interest in Brundage Mountain to the ski area's long-time co-owner, the DeBoer family. (Diane (Brown) DeBoer is the daughter of co-founder Warren Brown.) That August, a long-anticipated land trade with U.S. Forest Service was completed. It gave Brundage Mountain the ownership of around its base area, allowing the opportunity for future resort development. In return, the USFS gained important private in-holdings in the Payette National Forest.
In 2007, Brundage invested more than $3 million to install two new fixed-grip triple chairlifts, "Lakeview" and "The Bear". The "Lakeview" lift opened up of south-facing terrain, with sweeping views of Payette Lake, McCall, and Valley County. "The Bear" connects the "Centennial" base area to a ridge above the main base area. A platter lift which served the expert "Race Course" and easier runs was removed. A small lodge, "The Bear Den", was added at the top of the lift. Excluding the "Easy Street" chair, total uphill capacity for the area was increased from 3,100 to 6,700 riders per hour.
Future.
Future expansion plans at Brundage Mountain include a chairlift to the north, serving the summit of Sargent's Mountain (formerly known as "Brundage Mountain"). The new chair will open new expert terrain and reach higher than the present summit, the top of the "Blue Bird Express" quad.
The owners of Brundage Mountain have also received approval from Adams County for a PUD on the private land in the base area. That will allow for future construction of ski-in/ski-out lodging and expanded base area facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="6964478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964478" title="Keshavram Kashiram Shastri">
Keshavram Kashiram Shastri

Keshavram Kashiram Bambhaniya (Gujarati (ISO 15919): Keśavarāma Kāśīrāma Śāstrī), also known as K. K. Shastri, was the founding leader of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad. He was among the dignitaries who attended the first meeting of VHP in 1964 and since then continuously associated with the VHP work and was head of the Gujarat unit also.
Biography.
Shastri completed his school up to matriculation (conclusion of secondary education) and then was taught Sanskrit grammar, poetry, and Vedānta by his father, Kāśīrāma Karaśanajī Śāstrī (Bāṁbhaṇiyā). He then spent 1923 as a teacher in Caṁdavāṇā, a village near Mangrol, Gujarat, following which he served as a part-time teacher in his father's Sanskrit school. He then spent 11 years as an assistant teacher in Coronation High School in Mangrol.
In 1936 he moved to Ahmedabad and became an editor of "Prajābaṁdhu", a Gujarati weekly, and in the following year joined the Gujarat Vernacular Society as a researcher. In 1939, he began teaching postgraduate courses on Apabhraṃśa and Old Gujarati literature. In 1944, the University of Bombay gave him permission to give M.A. exams, and in 1955 gave permission to advise PhD students and taught at the university for 42 years. He also served as an adjunct professor at Balabhai Damodardas Women's College in Ahmedabad from 1961 to 1971. Since 1960, he served as an honorary professor at the B. J. Institute of Learning in Ahmedabad.
He was a mentor to the current Prime Minister of India- Narendra Modi.
Achievements.
In 1952 he was awarded the Ranjitram Suvarna Chandrak (Ranjitram Gold Medal) by the Gujarat Sahitya Sabha for his lifetime research on Gujarati literature and grammar.
Death.
He died September 9, 2006, in Ahmedabad at the age of 101.
Books.
Shastri's prominent publications are as under,

</doc>
<doc id="6964480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964480" title="Daniel J. Kevles">
Daniel J. Kevles



</doc>
<doc id="6964481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964481" title="Texas State Highway 69">
Texas State Highway 69



</doc>
<doc id="6964487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964487" title="Man's Best Friend (Livingston Taylor album)">
Man's Best Friend (Livingston Taylor album)

Man's Best Friend is American singer-songwriter Livingston Taylor's sixth album, and fifth original album, released in 1980.
"Record World" called the single "First Time Love" an "upbeat ballad of innocent romance."
Charts.
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="6964489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964489" title="John C. Montana">
John C. Montana

John C. Montana (born Giovanni Montana; July 1, 1893 – March 18, 1964) was a Buffalo, New York labor racketeer, political fixer, and elected politician who eventually became the underboss and/or "consigliere" of the Buffalo crime family.
Born in Montedoro, Sicily, Montana immigrated to the United States in 1907. By the 1920s, with the start of Prohibition, Montana allegedly became involved in bootlegging. His attendance at a national Mafia conference at Chicago in 1931 signaled the rise of his criminal career within organized crime, eventually becoming #3 of the Buffalo family. He had been elected to public office and held numerous prominent positions. Montana was able to walk in all circles of life in Buffalo - with rich businessmen, powerful politicians, and ruthless gangsters. After being caught in 1957 as he attended a national Mafia meeting that was raided by State Police in Apalachin, New York, Montana's criminal ties became known and the popular public figure was reduced to a "former gang boss."
Early career.
Born in Montedoro, Sicily on July 1, 1893, Giovanni Montana came to Buffalo at the age of thirteen in June 1907 and quickly began to show his entrepreneurial business talents. In grade school, Montana made his first dollars as a messenger for a West Side candy shop running errands and messages. With his brothers Salvatore, Angelo, Peter and Joseph, the 17-year-old John Charles Montana first pushed a popcorn cart through Buffalo's Little Italy at a time when Italians lived in a high density area on the Lower West Side and downtown. Because the demand was so great, the Montana brothers had to fold their first business as they couldn't supply the many people who wanted their goods.
In time, Don Stefano Magaddino would become the boss of the Mafia in Buffalo and organize an empire with John Montana at the top. Years down the road, Montana's nephew Charles would marry the oldest daughter of Don Stefano; Don Stefano's only son Peter also married Montana's niece. Through family ties, John Montana merged with the most ruthless criminal leader this city has ever seen. Montana was a smart businessman though. He never fit the description of what a Mafioso was supposed to be.
In 1922, John Montana formed the Buffalo Taxi Company – his first stab at joining Buffalo's booming transportation industry. A few years later, he bought and merged with the Yellow Cab Company in an effort to consolidate cars and call centers as well as eliminate the taxi competition.
Through political backing among leading Italians as well as prominent W.A.S.P. Buffalonians, Montana was given the Republican nod to run for the City's Common Council; he was first elected a representative from the Niagara District in 1927 and then re-elected again in 1929. For four years Montana served the City of Buffalo on the Council and saw major advances in an already booming city. On the Council, he was the Chairman of the Housing and Slum Clearance Committee, which gave his Mafia associates a direct influence over where people lived and what reconstruction efforts would be made. He also served as Chairman of the Labor Relations and Compensation Committee, allegedly giving the Mafia some influence in different unions in the area.
While his role in the Magaddino Mafia was never made public during his time in office and he was applauded for his civic achievements, John Montana lived a double life as both a trusted advisor to the Mafia's kingpin and a trusted advisor to the Mayor. In fact, when Mayor Schwab (German former brewer-turned-mayor, who was raided for booze during Prohibition and indicted while sitting as mayor) was fighting hard to create the first public buses in Buffalo, most leading businessmen in the transportation industry opposed the idea to public busing (which would take passengers away from taxis, trolleys and trains). John Montana, however, used his political influence to secure a sweetheart contract furnishing the first ever buses in Buffalo with seats, cushions, and everything else needed on board; he created the Montana Company which was awarded the first bus furnishing contract in the city's controversial push for public transportation.
While a City Councilman, Montana saw the opening of the Buffalo airport (in Cheektowaga). He allegedly passed legislation regarding the opening of the Peace Bridge, Buffalo's international gateway to Canada. He was instrumental in overseeing the two-year-long construction of the New York Central Station, which was "a 17 floor combination office and terminal building" on the East Side. He passed legislation to build the new City Hall building, still a landmark among Buffalo's downtown skyline. Many major changes came to the Queen City during his time as a political leader, and John Montana made sure that his hidden partnerships never came to light while still placing people in positions to reap the benefits of the construction and transportation boom. Montana's taxis, for instance, were given a sweetheart contract to be the sole cab operators at the new Central Terminal station; 200 trains a day were said to go through Buffalo, and Montana's taxis were the only ones allowed to pick up passengers that wanted a ride – Buffalo police even ticketed and towed other cab companies that sought fares from the train station.
During a successful re-election season for Montana, the Councilman was involved in a major business deal that left him as the most powerful taxi tycoon in the area. In late June 1929, Montana, who had previously acquired the Yellow Taxi Cab Company, convinced Fred Van Dyke to give up his business – the largest cab competitors in Western New York. Eight years before, Fred Van Dyke had bought the Charles W. Miller Transportation Company of Buffalo that had been a family-owned business for two generations; it was Buffalo's first permanent transportation company. In 1929, Montana merged his cabs with Van Dyke's pulling together more than 200 cars with 60+ call stations. While Montana already owned a franchise at the Central Terminal, he was in a good position to grow more powerful in an increasingly mobile city. As a business-savvy communicator, John Montana informed city riders that while he now owned the second largest cab company in the state, he would keep fares the same as they were with the Yellow Cab Company – 50 cents for the first mile and 10 cents for the next three miles. (For years, taxi operators complained that Montana maintained a monopoly on taxis in Buffalo, and some claimed that the other smaller taxi companies in town were run by associates of Montana who kept businesses going solely to save Montana's companies from anti-monopoly legal proceedings).
While accusations were rare and unconfirmed, some opinions stated Montana's cabs were corrupt. While working at a legitimate and successful business, Van Dyke drivers were said at times to transport gambling paraphernalia and liquor. In the decades of prohibition on the Niagara Frontier, between 100 and 150 people were killed in Mafia-related slayings; another 125-150 people died from drinking poisoned alcohol. But while many of Montana's associates were involved in bootlegging, the Councilman was never publicly linked to the alcohol trade until after the "Noble Experiment" of Prohibition was proven a failure and repealed. During the decade of illegal alcohol, Montana's important role with Stefano Magaddino's Mafia Family was never discovered.
The national mafia.
During his term on the Council, Montana witnessed many changes in Buffalo, including the aforementioned opening of the NY Central Terminal, the Peace Bridge, the airport, and the New City Hall building. As the right-hand man of the local Mafia kingpin during prohibition, Montana also witnessed many changes in the national politics of organized crime. In the late '20s and early '30s, just as business leaders were doing, the most dominant Mafia figures were eliminating rivals and consolidating power. By forming large entities with several different levels and locales, the Mafia built itself up for a national crisis that expanded throughout some of the nation's Italian neighborhoods.
After decades of battles between the Sicilians and Neapolitan Camorra, the Sicilian Mafia became the dominant force in gambling, labor, and bootlegged liquor. By the 1930s, two major factions fought for dominance – Stefano Magaddino from Niagara Falls was a senior member of the Castellammarese families, one of the factions. Led by Salvatore Maranzano in Brooklyn, the Mafia from Castellammare del Golfo levied a war against Joe 'the boss' Masseria in Manhattan, ending in the latter's murder. Salvatore Maranzano and Charlie 'Lucky' Luciano were the winners of the Mafia feud and called the heads of families from across the nation to meet and discuss the re-organization of the Mafia. Families from diverse locations were to gather in Chicago and hear how Salvatore Maranzano defeated Joe Masseria with the help of Lucky Luciano; they were to hear a new structure for organized crime in the nation that was destined to change the face of the Mafia.
In May 1931, Stefano Magaddino planned on attending this important Mafia summit with his brother Antonio and cousin Peter. Because of his active role in the Castellammarese Family, Magaddino was in an important position among national crime bosses. To come along to Chicago to mingle with the nation's top Mafiosi, he invited his close friend and advisor John Montana, the #3 man in Buffalo's Mafia behind Stefano Magaddino and his brother Antonio.
Montana allegedly went to Chicago to watch the future of the Mafia change before his eyes while he was an elected member of the Common Council. In the self-embellished biography of Joe Bonanno, the former Brooklyn Mafia boss talks of John Montana's trip to the Chicago conference. Bonanno, who was Stefano Magaddino's younger cousin, went to the national summit by train from New York with a contingent of men including Lucky Luciano and Salvatore Maranzano. The train stopped at Central Terminal on the East Side to pick up Buffalo's Mafia leaders. According to Bonanno:
Buffalo's business elite.
While his high level role within the Mafia wasn't known publicly, his stature among Buffalo's Italians was obvious. When 300 Italians representing 45 Italian organizations came to the glamorous Statler Hotel in downtown Buffalo to celebrate Columbus Day in the early 1930s, Councilman Montana was one of the honored guests noted by the local newspapers, along with the mayor, Edward H. Butler, who started the Buffalo News and the Buffalo State Library, the police commissioner, the general manager of the Chamber of Commerce, a representative from the U.S. House, a State Assemblyman, and other politically powerful Italians, including Charles Giambrone, Charles Martini, Vincent Tauriello, Msgr. Joseph Gambino, and Frank Gugino.
However, Montana wasn't always in the press as an acclaimed Buffalonian and respected civic leader. In late 1932, he was in public view because he was facing new competition in the taxicab industry. The Gray Cab Company came to town as an independent business in 1932 and brought enough money to charge substantially less than the dominant cab companies, namely Van Dyke Taxi. Van Dyke temporarily lowered their prices to meet the new competition, but many of the smaller independent companies could not afford to lower their rates and began going out of business.
While most companies saw the lowered rates as a death blow, Montana saw it as an opportunity to freeze out the competition and eliminate some rivals. In September 1932, The Association of Taxicab Owners and Operators of Buffalo, NY, asked the Common Council to combat the new taxi companies and make fares standard across the board. Allegedly, Montana (who still held a seat on the Council) shelved the issue and the City didn't act – officially because the Council didn't want to meddle in the affairs of private businesses.
After the rival cab company came to town with a lowered wage system for several months, many smaller cab businesses had to shut their doors as they couldn't compete and turn a profit. After a few went out of business, there was a labor dispute and 200 employees of the Gray Cab Company went on strike. While Montana was never publicly linked to the strike, rumors were made back in 1932 that his associates instigated the Gray Cab employees to strike for more wages, ultimately causing the company to temporarily stop transporting passengers.
While Montana's alleged role in the labor dispute was unknown, he faced his own labor problems less than three years later when some of his drivers went on strike. In January 1935, the local Teamsters union for taxi drivers was having what Montana later called a "civil war." With over three hundred drivers in the union, Business Agent Joe Gerrity of Teamsters Local 153 had a meeting in the back of a saloon and his riders decided to go on strike with a vote of 184-9. At first, the newspapers reported 325 drivers were on strike, mostly from Van Dyke Taxi owned by Montana and the 50-50 Taxi Company owned by Montana's good friend Charles Sedita.
In reality, the strike was doomed from the start. As Montana quickly pointed out to the drivers, they needed 2/3 of their union ranks to agree to a strike; with only 184 voting for the strike, Montana claimed it was illegal; the taxi tycoon also said he never negotiated on the union's strike because he was never presented with a list of problems or demands. Through negotiations with the union's secretary-treasurer Charles Strauss, the Teamsters' taxicab drivers weren't off work for more than a month. According to the influential Montana, "Gerrity called the strike out of spite. We have 223 drivers living up to President Roosevelt's desire to spread out work. We kept them all working. Gerrity wanted me to discharge 40 workers so there could be more work for remaining operators. I refused."
Through tricky political speech, Montana praised the popular president and alluded to the fact that employment should be spread out to many, not just saved for a few people. After Montana's cabs were back and running in February, he wouldn't allow many of the strike's instigators to come back to work; some had to issue a formal apology before returning.
While this was a very prominent time for Montana's taxi business, he was ironically the mover behind a controversial taxi-related issue consuming much of the time of Albany's politicos. During the same time as these strikes in 1935, the State Senate was considering the Buchill-Canney Act. According to this, all cabs in cities with a large amount of taxis would be publicly run by the city's service departments; only Buffalo and New York City were large enough to be affected by this bill.
On the front page of Taxi Age, the national trade weekly for the taxi industry, Montana figured importantly in a headline story about corrupt cab owners and their links to politics. In short, the publication accused Montana of bribing Anthony Canney (D-BFLO) and said the official was in "cahoots" with Van Dyke. While most taxi operators viewed the bill as a blatant disregard for private business, Montana (the second largest cab owner in the state) viewed it with open arms (and may have even helped write it). Montana's ties to city services, City Streets Dept, and the entire Common Council meant that he could control even more in the taxi industry through a seat in city government, as opposed to the seat behind a desk at Van Dyke. In an era when public transportation was first becoming an idea, Montana wanted cabs run by the city – a city that the consiglieri of Buffalo's Mafia had already infiltrated. While his Van Dyke cabs were forming a near monopoly over the taxi industry, Montana knew he could control a complete monopoly if the city were allowed to operate all the cabs as public transportation – this would be a legal monopoly.
Run for congress.
Besides having an influential hand in city and state politics, Montana was known in Republican circles throughout the nation. In June 1936, the Republican National Convention met in Cleveland as they do every four years to nominate a top candidate from the party. During prohibition, Herbert Hoover was the Republican president eventually replaced by the Democrat Franklin D. Roosevelt; the Republicans wanted the position back. Montana was chosen as an alternate delegate from New York and mingled with top politicians as they endorsed Alf M. Landon and Frank Knox to run against FDR and his Vice President. While the Republicans lost the election, Montana was still noted as an influential man in Republican circles.
Shortly after the Republican National Convention of 1936, the Mafia consigliere entered the race for Congress. From the 41st District of the House, made up heavily of the Italian West Side, Republican Party leaders handpicked J. Francis Harter, an Amherst Attorney, as their candidate. When many people opposed because Harter lived outside the 41st District – outside of the City of Buffalo all together – John Montana used it as his blessing to create a splinter in the Erie County Republican Party and lead a dissident faction that supported his candidacy as a representative to the U.S. House.
Buffalo's Mafia would be complimented nicely if their secret consigliere (or counselor / #3 man) was elected to the House. Montana, who lived at 228 Busti at the time, vigorously and viciously campaigned against the powerful Republican Party that once supported him. "The ultimate power of democracy lies within the people," Montana told the city. "In these turbulent times when other nations are depriving their citizens of a voice of the affairs of government, it should be the duty of political leaders in America to show the way in affirming faith in Democracy." Montana lobbied hard against the County's Republican Party that supported Amherst's Harter over the district's Montana. "Such conduct is a scorning of true democratic principles," Montana would say, "and those responsible for it should not be entrusted with the leadership of our party." According to the number three man in the local Mafia, "My candidacy is unbossed by any group or individual who seek special favors."
On August 14, 1938, Montana campaigned before the Societa S.S. Del Ponte from the Upper Terrace on Buffalo's West Side. The next day, Montana had a rally for 10,000 people at the Hamburg Fair Grounds with the Circolo Figlli di Valledolmo. Shortly afterwards, Montana visited Genesee Park on the East Side to garner support at the German Day festivities. His biggest backers came from Charles J. Giambrone and Dr. Marietta Catalano, the first woman Dr. to graduate from the University of Buffalo and older sister of attorney Michael Catalano (later Supreme Court Justice), who were both members of the Republican State Committee. State Assemblyman Frank A. Gugino also backed Montana's run for Congress. Peter F. Fiorella, the head of the Federation of Italian Societies, told many of the Italian organizations under his umbrella to vote for John Montana.
While he was assured to gets votes from Italians on both sides of the party lines, John C. Montana suffered a big loss in the Republican primary as many Italians were held out of voting due to party affiliations - and many others favored the suburban attorney. Montana believed that he'd infiltrated government though and was still a known man in Republican circles. In fact, shortly after the primary loss in 1938, Montana was named as a delegate to the state's Constitutional Convention; John Montana worked with the most powerful politicians New York had to offer to revise the state's set of laws. In all, the state's Constitution Convention in November 1938 saw 10 amendments made to the state's constitution; Montana witnessed all ten first-hand and even had a role in debating some of them. (This was also the first NYS Constitutional Convention where women were given a vote).
Some laws like due process, the powers of juries and grand juries, double jeopardy laws, religious freedom, and eminent domain were added. Montana supported most, as well as two amendments that would have positive results for the Mafia. On November 8, 1938, a line was added to the state's constitution saying that all citizens have a right "to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and affects, against any unreasonable searches and seizures." This amendment stated that police would need to be supported by "oath or affirmation" to secure a warrant of probable cause against a specific item they wanted to search. Another law that would help Mafia insiders regarded labor regulations and rights; "employees shall have the right to organize and bargain collectively through representatives of their own choosing."
While these were all important rules in the State's history, nearly 25 years later authorities would have to release mob boss Stefano Magaddino after he was implicated in over 1,000 hours of recorded footage that was thrown out of trial because a judge never approved the wiretaps before they were installed. The Mafia stood firmly behind the rules of illegal searches and seizures! But while they needed lower echelon racketeers and brutal hoods to carry out the day-to-day activities of the Mafia, John Montana had a high place in society to ensure policies and opportunities for the Family.
One opportunity that Montana went after was alcohol. While he was never publicly linked to illegal booze in prohibition, Magaddino's gangsters organized the production and distribution of illegal alcohol across Western New York and Southern Ontario. When prohibition was ended in the early 1930s, Montana moved in and legally purchased breweries to supply the now-legal alcohol industry still dominated by the Mafia and their distribution connections in German, Polish, Irish, and African American neighborhoods in the region.
Mafia associates.
In 1933, John Montana created the Empire State Brewery Corp. located in Olean, NY; on paper, his business partner were the Magaddino brothers from the Falls. Charles Dotterweich built the Olean brewery in 1854 and it remained a family business until Montana purchased it. While still catering to the German market that the Dotterwyck Beverage Company allegedly made illegal alcohol for during prohibition, Montana's Empire State Brewery sold Old Dominion Ale and Old Munich Beer. With the illegal booze networks ending, Montana and Magaddino remained the controllers of the alcohol industry through their Power City Distributing Company that sold alcohol to local taverns and restaurants; Magaddino was the president of this company from 1933 to 1958 until the business went 'bankrupt' and they sold the assets. As secretary-treasurer of the company, Charles Montana, John's nephew, signed the papers to fold the business and he held a powerful position within Magaddino's Mafia Family.
After the brewery in Olean changed ownership in 1940, John Montana, the taxi tycoon, remained an active entrepreneur in Western New York's brewing industry. Montana became a director of the Frontier Liquor Corp. Years later, Montana would go into a business partnership with Stefano Magaddino's only son Peter in the Buffalo Beverage Company – the company formerly owned by Mayor Frank Schwab before prohibition was enacted. This company oversaw the distribution of Budweiser across Western New York and employed several alleged Mafiosi as 'business agents.' U.S. Senators later remarked that one notable distributor was Jimmy LaDuca, who later married one of Magaddino's daughters. LaDuca was a known union organizer, gambler, captain, and very powerful leader in Magaddino's Family; these links to Montana would later be his downfall.
A year after he returned from the New York Constitutional Convention and three years after being a delegate at the Republican National Convention, John Montana attended another conference that brought in the heads of Mafia families from all over the nation. In 1939, John's nephew Charles Montana married Magaddino's oldest daughter (20 years) Josephine at a lavish celebration in downtown Buffalo. According to FBI notes, "Informant stated he feels sure that a number of hoodlums and racketeers from the Eastern part of the United States were guests at the wedding." Unfortunately for the FBI, no names or information could be obtained about attendees through informants.
Journalists, however, saw the wedding as an opportunity for a good mob story and got details about the event. According to the "Saturday Evening Post" in 1939:
The Statler Hotel in Buffalo was taken over for the affair and was decked out more lavishly than Buckingham Palace. The guests of honor were 100 thugs from all over the country and for each one there were two Federal Agents and Detectives casing the crowd. Even [Frank] Costello was there, the last time he showed up at an open mafia clambake. He held court in the best suite in the house, and when he went down to the lobby the underlings bowed and scraped as though he was giving Christmas baskets to the peasants.
Business as usual.
John Montana's national stature in the mafia complimented his national reputation among Republican Party leaders. Montana's business success would bring tremendous legit revenue and resources into the Mafia's sphere of influence, and they would also provide secure outlets to turn illegal cash into legal income through money laundering. Many of Montana's business opportunities came because he had influence with several powerful people in Buffalo. In 1943, he served as Chairman of the Zoning Board of Appeals in the city. Whenever there was a dispute in zoning, Montana's decisions would carry a lot of weight – and his associates had a direct line into an important and overly managed sector of Buffalo's city government.
His influence helped others turn a blind eye to his activities as well. In August 1944, independent taxicab owners organized and approached Mayor Joseph J. Kelly for help against the monopolizing Montana taxis. Van Dyke Taxicab Company had been turned into a huge network of companies dominating the area with subsidies Van Dyke Transfer Corp., Van Dyke Taxi and Transfer Co., and Van Dyke Baggage Corp. Van Dyke Airport Transportation Company was created when flights were becoming more popular in the area. Montana Motors also supplied the cars for the taxi empire. For a period, John Montana was even the President of the National Association of Taxicab Owners. His subsidiaries and taxi conglomerate created the profitable means to control the entire taxi industry in Buffalo and destroy smaller/independent companies.
With pleas to the mayor for help, the Independent Taxicab Association of Buffalo, NY claimed that Montana was given unfair contracts during World War II to operate exclusively across the city – violating the fair monopoly laws of the day. Van Dyke Taxi and Transfer was the only company allowed to move travelers to the Buffalo Central Terminal on the East Side and was able to drive all over and purchase gas when rations forces others out of business; police were even aggressively ticketing or impounding any other taxicabs nearby. The president of the independent cab association, Thomas Caverly, created a publicity battle against Montana through the newspapers: "I fail to see why the City of Buffalo should be paying the salaries of its police department to assist the New York Central and to protect their contract with the Van Dyke Taxi and Transfer Company."
The Association went to the Common Council, who said it was out of their jurisdiction. Caverly pleaded to Mayor Kelly but was just referred back to John Montana – who snubbed the independent operators once again. "I called Mr. Montana," Caverly said, "and was advised by him that he was able to handle the situation perfectly and if he needs my assistance at a future time, he would be glad to call on us."
Montana's businesses continued to thrive and his family ties to the Magaddino's ensured his place in the Mafia as the consiglieri (or counselor); his political contacts were unlimited as well. Besides important roles within the community, Montana was alleged to be a powerful organizer within the Fort Erie Race Track (Ontario), where horse betting and gambling-related loans had become an important operation for Mafia earners. Opened in 1897, the Fort Erie Race track was taken over by the Fort Erie Jockey Club by 1920, and John Montana eventually became the most powerful mobster associated with the race track. For a time, Montana was even the Director of the Fort Erie (Ont.) Jockey Club.
Besides his public leadership positions within the city's government, taxi industry, and racing clubs, Montana maintained a number of other civic roles as a Promoter of Golden Gloves boxing, Director of the Buffalo Baseball Club, member/president of the Erie Downs Golf Cars, Director of the SPCA, member of Buffalo's elite Elks Club, and president of the Chamber of Commerce. Montana was said to be a civic leader that continuously gave back to the Italian community. While being the secret consiglieri of the Mafia (unknown to the public), he was also the President of the Federation of Italian-American Societies which was an umbrella organization that brought together several community groups in an effort to strengthen the Italian community in Buffalo.
Montana's civic roles and community awards added to his influence and clout, which always had the thought of the Family in mind. On May 28, 1954, Montana was honored at a huge celebration at the Statler Hotel downtown. Montana was leading a contingent of politicians trying to repeal the McCarron Immigration Act of 1924 that restricted Italian immigrants among others. Toastmaster, attorney Michael Catalano (later to be elected as a Supreme Court Justice of the State of NY) had good words to say about Montana as did Albert S. Scialfo, head of the Italian-American Societies that sponsored the event. Judge Juvenal Marchisio from New York even went so far as to say Montana had "immolated himself on the altar of civic duty so that Buffalo might be a greater city than ever before."
Apalachin's aftermath.
Two years later in the summer of 1956 when Montana was 63 years old, he was named Buffalo's "Man of the Year" by the Erie Club. The Erie Club was an association of Buffalo police officers led by president Charles M. Basil who said the award was for "outstanding civic achievement." The prominent Buffalonians on the Selection Committee included District Attorney John F. Dwyer, Anthony J. Naples, Joseph Basil, and James C. Kennedy. In an ironic twist in Buffalo's history, the police association awarded the Mafia consiglieri as "Man of the Year."
While Montana was an acclaimed entrepreneur who was being rewarded for a lifetime of achievements, he was involved in national Mafia politics that were beginning to get out of control. In Niagara Falls, Stefano Magaddino had become the figurehead "Chairman of the Mafia's Ruling Commission" in New York but had been suffering health problems. As Chairman of the Commission, Magaddino saw different power grabs from rival bosses in New York that led to several people being murdered or forced to retire.
New York Mafia boss Vito Genovese wanted to call a National Conference of all Mafia leaders to sort out the disputes. Stefano Magaddino didn't want to kowtow to his New York rival Genovese who was becoming one of the most powerful leaders in the nation. Genovese wanted to call the meeting in Chicago to affirm his role atop the Mafia in New York and the East, as well as boss Sammy Giancana's role atop the Mafia in Chicago and the West Coast. Magaddino, however, lobbied to have the meeting held in Upstate New York, at the home of his old Castellammarese soldier-turned-boss of a smaller Northern Pennsylvania Mafia Family Joe Barbara.
In November 1957 before the Mafia disputes could be sorted out, State Police raided Joe Barbara's ranch house near Apalachin, NY and uncovered one of the most notable Mafia meetings in history. Several mobsters from across the country were found inside the home. Many were picked up by road blocks set up by police. Even more mobsters allegedly ran through the woods to escape – Mafia bosses in expensive suits running in the forest. Buffalo captain Jimmy LaDuca was even caught in the woods and explained to police that he was simply chasing after a deer that he saw running which had intrigued him. While he was not caught by authorities, it was believed Stefano Magaddino was one of those people who escaped through the woods after finding his identification at the house and later hearing informants talk of his participation.
John Montana in a nicely attired suit was also picked up by New York State Police straddling a barbed-wire fence – the first time in his illustrious career he was ever publicly linked to the Mafia. For the first time in recent history, authorities could no longer deny the existence an organized Mafia across the nation. Known mob bosses were on front pages across the country after the Apalachin Conference was broken up – and powerful men like Montana were facing their harshest scrutiny ever.
John Montana initially told the News that he had car trouble and stumbled upon a party. "I have nothing to hide, nothing to conceal. I can talk to the FBI, the tax people and anyone else in authority because I have not committed a crime." A month later, Montana was interrogated for two hours by a legislative investigation into the Mafia summit. Montana explained that he was driving from Buffalo to Pittson, PA, with his buddy Antonio Magaddino (the mob boss Stefano Magaddino's younger brother). The brakes on their new Cadillac began to fail near Utica so they went to their old friend Joe Barbara's house where they could get their car fixed. To their surprise, there was a big party at the Barbara household; John Montana said he didn't inquire about the party or join the festivities at all and instead just sat waiting patiently in a quiet room.
Investigators then asked why the former councilman (claiming to be waiting innocently) went running through the woods when police came. Montana explained that someone yelled to run so he and Antonio followed through the door. Sergeant Croswell of the State Police told the investigators that Montana said he'd get the officer promoted if he was let go.
Besides questioning his arrest at the Apalachin fiasco, investigators for the first time unveiled Montana's links to the Mafia in public. Two days before Apalachin, police asked why legendary Brooklyn mob boss Joe Profaci called Peter Montana, John's brother. Legislators explained Peter Montana was employed through Profaci's Olive Oil business. Montana was asked why calls were made from Van Dyke Taxi to Joe Profaci in Brooklyn and to Joe Falcone, Magaddino's mob captain over Central New York and Utica.
Montana suffered two hours of grueling questions about his past. Joe Barbara, the host of the conference, was said to have come up the ranks in Buffalo during prohibition. Afterwards, he moved to Endicott, NY to be a mob boss there. The host Barbara had once worked at Montana's Empire State Brewery in Olean and had bought cars from Montana Motors. Known gangster Jimmy LaDuca was also noted as a Budweiser distributor for Montana's Buffalo Beverage Company. Montana's former body guard and 'made' member of the Buffalo Mafia Sammy Lagatutta, Sr. was also an attendee at Apalachin, linking the Buffalo civic leader to the mob even further. Also, his alibi of driving with a Magaddino made the former council men look guilty by association.
Authorities gouged into Montana's ties to the Mafia and left the consiglieri publicly embarrassed. They said Montana was real close with Vice President Nixon and New York Governor Harrison, and that he had been named Buffalo's "Man of the Year." Buffalo's newspapers featured stories about Montana, and he was a footnote in articles across the nation. With his influential role in Republican politics and his attendance at Apalachin, Montana brought out the true question of the State Police raid that publicly unearthed the Mafia: How could the Mafia be so violent and vicious yet be respected as community, political and business leaders at the same time?
Within a year, the U.S. Senate began an investigation about Apalachin. They questioned attendees and mob bosses from all over the nation. Observing constitutional rights, every mobster pleaded the 5th Amendment refusing to say a word as to not incriminate themselves – every mobster except John Montana that is. Out of everyone put before U.S. Senators and asked to testify, Montana was the only one (out of the 50+ mobsters from across the nation who were found at the Apalachin Conference) the only one to give an explanation as to why he was there – car trouble. With his lawyer Frank G. Raichle, Montana defended himself against a barrage of bullets from the panel.
Congressmen talked about his civic roles and business moves. They talked about his seat on the Common Council and his role as Chairman of both the Housing and Slum Clearance Committee and the Labor Relations and Compensation Committee; they asked about his Man of the Year award. Senators showed that the Buffalo Beverage Corp. was a front for John Montana and his nephew Charles, Jimmy LaDuca, and Antonio and Peter Magaddino. Montana was accused of trying to bribe State Trooper Croswell who arrested him while climbing a fence.
Senator Bobby Kennedy, the President's brother, asked about Montana's association to Paul Palmieri, an important Castellammarese gangster from Niagara Falls who moved to New Jersey. He said Palmieri had been arrested in the Falls, Brooklyn, Chicago, Springfield (MA), Manhattan, Buffalo, and Lockport; Palmieri had also been a witness in the slaying of another New Jersey mob boss who made his bones during prohibition in Buffalo, Willie Moretti. Bobby Kennedy then showed Montana a picture of himself standing with Paul Palmieri. While Montana said it was at a political meeting, Kennedy explained that the photo was taken at the Del Golfo Society in 1939.
Releasing most of the questions and answers to the public, U.S. Senators made a mockery of John Montana's answers and denounced his influential role in Buffalo. Senators asked about calls from Montana to Profaci in Brooklyn and Magaddino in the Falls. "I wish the telephone had been tapped," Montana told the panel. "It would prove to this committee that I never had contact with that man or any other man like that."
The heat suffered from this investigation caused the Mafia to spin out of control and somewhat into hiding. John Montana lost respect among community members and his past dealings were being scrutinized. He was said to have faced a lot of heat in the underworld for offering an explanation as well – for violating the sacred oath of Omerta, or silence. Montana was ordered to serve five years behind bars and pay a $10,000 fine as well because authorities didn't like his answers – conspiracy to obstruct justice. The other attendees who took the 5th Amendment during investigations all received sentences for contempt as well.
On November 29, 1960, however, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit decided that none of the attendees really committed a crime by meeting, and they were all freed from jail or bail, including the 66-year-old Montana who now lived at 340 Starin Avenue in North Buffalo. Judge J. Edward Lumbard wrote that "In America, we still respect the dignity of the individual and even an unsavory character is not to be imprisoned except on definite proof of a crime."
Last days.
While it was a brief relief for the Mafia, less than three years later the State Crime Commission began an investigation into Apalachin and questioned Montana's attendance all over again. Two months after that, a U.S. Senate Subcommittee began an open investigation into the Mafia as a whole, not just the mob summit that was discovered. Attorney General Bobby Kennedy was becoming a thorn in the Mafia's side – including the elderly Montana.
New York City mob soldier Joe Valachi was arrested dealing drugs in a distribution network with the Buffalo Mafia's Canadian wing; Valachi, however, didn't have the approval of his New York boss, Vito Genovese. Allegedly because he feared retribution from the boss, Valachi chose to tell everything about the Mafia for the first time – he disclosed information first to the Bureau of Narcotics about the scope and concepts of the Mafia. Again, Senators brought up evidence against Buffalo's Mafia and John Montana's leadership role. Senators went over Montana's attendance at the Apalachin Conference, his business partnerships with the Magaddino's, and his powerful Van Dyke Taxi empire. They noted that the former councilman's daughter/niece married boss Magaddino's son and how Montana's nephew Charles married Magaddino's oldest daughter.
In October 1963, Detective Michael Amico (later to become chief of police) from the Buffalo Police Department showed the structure of Buffalo's Mafia before the Senate. He said that police observations "tend to show us strongly that Montana is associated with the Magaddino empire." While Detective Amico labeled Montana as the consiglieri of the Mafia, he explained that Montana didn't even have a traffic ticket." Just as Joe Valachi told authorities that Montana asked to remove himself from his role atop the Mafia in Buffalo because authorities were getting too close and he couldn't be seen publicly with the mobsters under his command. Detective Amico then told Congress that "since 1957, Montana seems to have severed his activities completely from the syndicate."
Senator Javits then asked Detective Amico about Montana's taxi empire. Amico said that "Montana's cabs dominate the industry" but he also runs things legit and "has the most courteous and most trusted drivers of any company." Amico said Montana was said to have a corrupting hand in the creation of City Services in 1938.
After it all, Montana wouldn't show his face anywhere in public anymore. His power in the Mafia dwindled quickly after being caught on a barbed-wire fence – he even asked to be demoted in his later years as he didn't want the responsibility or police heat that's generally attributed to mob bosses. Just like his Mafia power, Montana's political influence was also erased when he was publicly identified as a mob leader. At age 70, Montana couldn't keep up with his business interests that were being scrutinized constantly by authorities. Living an influential life and going where many mobsters never could, Montana began having health problem while living at an expensive apartment in the Delaware Towers.
On March 18, 1964, John Montana died shortly after being admitted to the Buffalo General Hospital because of a heart attack. He was survived by two brothers, Peter and Angelo, and his nephew Charles who was solidly entrenched in the Mafia's hierarchy; Charles and his wife Josephine Magaddino lived in a lavish house on Mafia Row out in Lewiston, where Stefano Magaddino, his sons-in-law and daughters each had houses.
While Rose Montana and her attorney John J. Naples had copies of the will, Buffalo will never know the extent to which John Montana had his hand in the affairs of the Mafia – in the affairs of the community – in the affairs of business – in the affairs of the government. Living for years as a business tycoon and political influencer, Montana fell to disgrace in the end after being caught red handed. After the Apalachin fiasco, his prestige was damaged so much so that his health deteriorated quickly and he died. His brothers and nephew Charles carried out the Montana name and remained active in the Mafia for another decade or so.
John C. Montana was a political power in Buffalo, a business leader, and a Mafia controller – all at the same time. He mingled with Buffalo's elite in public, while breaking bread with other Mafia leaders secretly. After he was exposed at Apalachin, his power in all circles was diminished and destroyed, forcing the elderly Montana to suffer health problems and pass away peacefully.
Author.
Frank Ticci, Buffalo, NY (Frank.Ticci@Buffalo.com)

</doc>
<doc id="6964490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964490" title="Ford Hurricane engine">
Ford Hurricane engine



</doc>
<doc id="6964494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964494" title="LNGS">
LNGS



</doc>
<doc id="6964495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964495" title="Liar (Profyle song)">
Liar (Profyle song)

"Liar" is a number-one R&amp;B single by group Profyle, from their second studio album "Nothin' but Drama" (2000). The hit song spent one week at number-one on the US R&amp;B chart and peaked at number fourteen on the US Pop chart.
Music video.
Directed by Terry Heller, the video features one of the band members following his girlfriend to find out that she cheated on him with another man from the streets. He surprises her when she sees her stuff outside of his home and gives him a "one-way" ticket as she sees him with a new woman holding a dog.

</doc>
<doc id="6964497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964497" title="History of the Jews in San Marino">
History of the Jews in San Marino

The history of the Jews in San Marino reaches back to the Middle Ages.
San Marino is a small landlocked country in central Italy. There has been a Jewish presence in San Marino for at least 600 years.
The first mention of Jews in San Marino dates to the late 14th century, in official documents recording the business transactions of Jews. There are many documents throughout the 15th to 17th centuries describing Jewish dealings and verifying the presence of a Jewish community in San Marino. Jews were required to wear special badges and live by specific restrictions, but were also afforded official protection from the government and never had to live in a ghetto.
In 1942 the ruling Sammarinese Fascist Party prohibited marriage between Jewish and non-Jewish Sammarinese under Sammarinese racial law n.33, and by the end of the year Giuliano Gozi ordered that all Sammarinese Jews be deported and jailed.
During World War II, San Marino provided a harbor for more than 100,000 Italians and Jews from Nazi and Italian persecution. Today, there are only small numbers of Jews in San Marino.

</doc>
<doc id="6964502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964502" title="River Keekle">
River Keekle

The River Keekle is a river running through the English county of Cumbria.
The source of the Keekle is to be found at Keekle Head Farm on High Park between Gilgarran and Asby. From there, the river moves gradually southwards via former open cast mine between Frizington and Whitehaven, past the hamlet of Keekle, to Cleator, where it becomes subsumed by the River Ehen. The river is noted for its occasional abundance of salmon.
Oatlands Pit was sunk at Keekle Head in 1880 by The Moresby Coal Company which also built the pit terraces of Pica Village. The pit was sunk approx 500 yards south east of Pica. It was served by the Rowrah Branch of the Cleator to Workington railway. Production at Oatlands was suspended in 1930 with closure in 1932 and final abandonment in 1934.
In the 1980s, Oatlands became part of the extensive open cast coal mining operation working from Keekle Head. The River Keekle valley was an open cast coal mining site and the site was later used to bury mine spoil and other waste.
In 2010, there was lobbying against plans for dumping of low-level nuclear waste at the former open cast site at Keekle Head. In 2012, Cumbria County Council rejected proposals by Endecom (owned by recycling and waste management company Sita) to build a repository for low level and very low level radioactive waste on the site of the former coal mine at Keekle Head. The council said the plan would have an "unacceptable impact" on the surrounding landscape. Endecom appealed against the rejection, triggering a two-week-long public inquiry, held in Kendal. There was strong opposition to the proposal to put radioactive waste in the site of the former open cast mine from Radiation Free Lakeland and others. In 2013, a fresh inquiry was held.
In the 1990s, a 2.5 km stretch of the river was lined with plastic to protect it from potential mine water contamination and because of fears that possible future erosion could expose deeply buried mine waste underneath. Over the years, this plastic liner began to degrade and break up, with pieces being washed downstream, creating blockages, localised flooding and plastic pollution in the River Keekle, as well as posing a threat to the downstream River Ehen – a Site of Special Scientific Interest and a Special Area of Conservation. During 2019 and 2020, the West Cumbria Rivers Trust carried out a £1.5 million project to remove the plastic liner and restore the riverbed with funding from the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development's Water Environment Grant and the Environment Agency's River Restoration Programme. Around 150 tonnes of plastic was removed, with the sheets shredded, cleaned and recycled. Some of the plastic has been made into a bench and picnic table at Walkmill Community Woodland car park to mark the project's success. The river is re-naturalising itself and evidence of natural gravel, cobbles and sediment deposition can now be seen. The stretch of river has the potential to become a great habitat for people and wildlife.

</doc>
<doc id="6964503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964503" title="Sir Alex">
Sir Alex



</doc>
<doc id="6964505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964505" title="Lon Nil">
Lon Nil

Lon Nil (; died 28 March 1970) was the brother of the former Cambodian prime minister Lon Nol, and was a casualty of the Cambodian coup of 1970.
Nil was the youngest son of Lon Hin, a district administrator in the French colonial era. Like his brother Lon Nol, he was educated at the Lycée Chasseloup-Laubat in Saigon, and like the rest of his family became employed in the state security apparatus. He eventually became police commissioner of Memot in Kampong Cham Province.
While Prince Norodom Sihanouk was on a trip abroad in Beijing, China, on March 18, 1970, Prince Sirik Matak assisted Lon Nol in organizing a vote of the National Assembly to depose Sihanouk as Head of State, giving himself emergency powers.
On March 23, Sihanouk made a public appeal in China for Cambodians to revolt against the government. There was rioting in Kampong Cham on March 26 in which the governor's palace was stormed and several officials killed by the crowd, notably two National Assembly deputies, Kim Phon and Sos Saoun. Lon Nol had sent his brother to Kampong Cham in order to monitor the situation there; Nil was chosen partly as he owned rubber plantations in the area and was therefore familiar with it. In Tonle Bet, Nil was set upon by a mob of pro-Sihanouk workers from the Chup plantation (a French-owned rubber plantation), and was beaten to death in the town marketplace.
There were persistent rumours that members of the crowd cut the liver from Lon Nil's body; it was then taken into a Chinese restaurant, where the owner was ordered to cook and slice it. It was then served to people in the immediate area. (Although the eating of an enemy's liver was considered a traditional act of revenge in Khmer culture, it was not commonplace, though it became a common propaganda device, as both sides in the subsequent Cambodian Civil War regularly accused each other's troops of committing it). A resident of Kampong Cham later stated that the crowd had done this specifically "to express their extreme anger" towards Lon Nol.
Lon Nol's troops were subsequently able to suppress the demonstrations, causing several hundred further deaths.

</doc>
<doc id="6964513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964513" title="Defritum">
Defritum



</doc>
<doc id="6964524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964524" title="Texas State Highway 75A">
Texas State Highway 75A



</doc>
<doc id="6964526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964526" title="Protocols (anti-Semitism)">
Protocols (anti-Semitism)



</doc>
<doc id="6964528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964528" title="Jordan's First Choice">
Jordan's First Choice



</doc>
<doc id="6964531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964531" title="Texas State Highway 75-A">
Texas State Highway 75-A



</doc>
<doc id="6964532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964532" title="John Montana">
John Montana



</doc>
<doc id="6964533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964533" title="Pints of Guinness Make You Strong">
Pints of Guinness Make You Strong



</doc>
<doc id="6964537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964537" title="Kteam">
Kteam



</doc>
<doc id="6964538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964538" title="Singular their">
Singular their



</doc>
<doc id="6964539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964539" title="Those Anarcho Punks Are Mysterious...">
Those Anarcho Punks Are Mysterious...



</doc>
<doc id="6964542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964542" title="2006 Arizona State Sun Devils football Team">
2006 Arizona State Sun Devils football Team



</doc>
<doc id="6964544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964544" title="Rufus Hannah">
Rufus Hannah

Rufus Hannah (November 27, 1954 – October 4, 2017), also known as Roofus the Stunt Bum, was an American advocate for homeless rights who became known for his role in the early "Bumfights" videos: in 2000, while himself a homeless alcoholic, he was paid $5 to be filmed running headfirst into an intermodal container.
Biography.
Hannah was raised in Swainsboro, Georgia. He started drinking at 14, despite having a "good family." He was a construction worker until the age of 27, when he joined the U.S. Army. He was soon discharged after injuring himself during basic training. After his injury, he started drinking heavily, leading to his homelessness and alcoholism. In the early 1990s, he moved to California, where he was approached by Ryan McPherson to appear in "Bumfights".
"Bumfights".
He subsequently was filmed performing other "stunts" for the "Bumfights" videos, including riding a shopping cart down a flight of stairs, ramming his head into steel doors so hard that he had seizures, and beating up Donald "Donnie" Brennan, another homeless man, so badly that Brennan's leg was broken in two places and required surgical intervention. Brennan, an army veteran, and Hannah (who was injured in basic training), were paid an average of $10 per stunt. Both men were also paid to get "Bumfights" tattoos: Hannah's tattoo was across his knuckles and Brennan's was on his forehead.
In 2002, Hannah and Brennan testified in the criminal trials of the producers of "Bumfights" on several charges, including the soliciting of felonies; the defendants were acquitted on the majority of charges and sentenced to community service for conspiring to stage an illegal fight (in 2005, they were sentenced to 6 months in prison for having failed to complete the community service).
Hannah and Brennan also filed a civil suit against the producers; the producers agreed to pay an unspecified amount in damages, and to no longer use Hannah and Brennan's images for promotional purposes.
After "Bumfights".
Hannah remained sober from 2003 until his death. He worked as a property manager, and spent 40 hours a week performing such duties as painting apartments and constructing fences. He married his wife in 2005 and together they had 4 children. He hoped to one day get the 'Bum Fights' tattoo removed from his knuckles. In 2010 he released a book co-written with Barry Soper entitled "A Bum Deal: An Unlikely Journey from Hopeless to Humanitarian" detailing his ordeal from becoming a homeless alcoholic, his time during the filming of "Bumfights", and his struggle to get sober. In addition, he worked with the National Coalition for the Homeless.
Death.
On October 4, 2017, Hannah was killed in Swainsboro when the car he was riding in as a passenger was hit by a truck.

</doc>
<doc id="6964549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964549" title="We Did It All For Don">
We Did It All For Don



</doc>
<doc id="6964553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964553" title="Armed Forces Journal">
Armed Forces Journal

Armed Forces Journal ("AFJ") was a publication for American military officers and leaders in government and industry.
Created in 1863 as a weekly newspaper, "AFJ" was published under various names by various owners in various formats for more than 150 years. The publication went all-digital after the July/August 2013 issue, and last updated its website on April 29, 2014.
The brand is currently owned by Sightline Media Group, a holding of private equity firm Regent, which bought the media group in 2016 from Tegna.
History.
1800s.
The publication was founded as The Army and Navy Journal and Gazette of the Regular and Volunteer Forces, a weekly newspaper printed in New York City. Its founders were brothers Francis Pharcellus Church and William Conant Church. William was a newspaperman and American Civil War veteran. In his youth, he had helped his father edit and publish the "New York Chronicle"; in 1860, aged 24, he became publisher of the "New York Sun", and the following year, took a job as the Washington correspondent of "The New York Times". In 1862, he was appointed a captain in the United States Volunteers; he served for one year, receiving brevets of major and lieutenant colonel.
Francis, who had covered the Civil War as a reporter for "The New York Times", would go on to write for the "Sun", where he penned one of the most famous editorials in American journalism: "Yes, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus".
The first issue was published on August 29, 1863, with this motto: "Established in obedience to an insistent demand for an official organ for members of the American Defense and those concerned with it." The paper included news of the Civil War, then in its third year, along with "important official reports, lists of promotions, discussions upon the various appliances and methods of war, editorial comments upon the various naval and military questions of the day, and a great mass of information for the use of professional and non-professional readers." A single copy cost 10 cents; an annual subscription was five dollars.
Two years later, "The New York Times" noted the publication of the second annual bound volume of the newspaper's issues. "The proprietors of the "Army and Navy Journal", in commencing the publication of their paper two years ago, sought to supply what hitherto we had been without – an organ devoted to the military and naval history and organizations of the United States. That they have fully succeeded, the great mass of material in the volume before us amply proves."
In the decade after the war, the "Army and Navy Journal" played a role in the increasing professionalization of the U.S. military. It was not a professional journal like several others that appeared after the war, but "...along with its social and other items about service personnel it carried articles, correspondence, and news of interest to military people that helped bind its readers together in a common professional fraternity."
William Church would go on to help found the National Rifle Association of America in 1871; he and his newspaper remained fixtures in the political firmament for decades.
From 1894–95, the newspaper's naval editor was Winston Churchill — not the future British prime minister, but rather a recent graduate of the U.S. Naval Academy who had organized the first 8-man rowing squad there and who would go on to a celebrated career as a novelist.
1900s.
On January 19, 1903, William Church was the guest of honor at a dinner at Delmonico's restaurant in New York. Speakers at the dinner included Gen. Adna Chaffee, soon to become Chief of Staff of the U.S. Army, and New York mayor Seth Low; letters of regret were read from President Theodore Roosevelt, Navy Secretary William Henry Moody, Secretary of State John Hay, and financier J. Pierpont Morgan.
After William Church died in 1917, the editorship was taken up for a few years by Willard Church.
1921 brought a new publisher, Franklin Coe, and a new editor, retired Brig. Gen. Henry J. Reilly. Reilly was a West Point graduate who had commanded an artillery regiment in France during World War I, and who would go on to co-found and lead the Reserve Officers Association. The name of the newspaper changed as well, achieving its all-time longest length as "The American Army and Navy Journal, and Gazette of the Regular, National Guard and Reserve Forces." 
In 1922, a year's subscription was still $6, unchanged in more than half a century. Circulation was 20,293 and the home office was located at 20 Vesey Street in New York. That same year, the paper absorbed "National Service", the official publication of the Military Training Camps Association.
Through the years, the newspaper and its parent company published several books. Perhaps the earliest was "The Eclipse of American Sea Power" by Captain Dudley W. Knox, then the newspaper's naval correspondent (1920–23) and ultimately one of the most influential historians to wear a U.S. Navy uniform. The book, Knox's first, was published in 1922 by J.J. Little &amp; Ives Co. under the copyright of The American Army &amp; Navy Journal Inc.
In 1924, the newspaper's name was truncated to simply The Army and Navy Journal.
O'Laughlin era.
In 1925, the newspaper was purchased by John Callan O'Laughlin, a former Associated Press reporter who served during World War I as a major in the U.S. Army's Quartermaster Corps. He was an intimate of Roosevelt's, having worked as a go-between with the Russians in arranging the Russo-Japanese peaces, and later serving briefly as the president's first assistant secretary of state.
O'Laughlin installed himself as editor and publisher, and changed the newspaper's name to the "Army and Navy Journal; The Gazette of the Land, Sea, and Air." Five years later, O'Laughlin appointed LeRoy Whitman as editor.
In 1933, the newspaper changed format, from a broadsheet to a smaller tabloid. Its offices were then located at 1701 Connecticut Avenue NW in Washington, D.C.
O'Laughlin wrote to Gen. Douglas MacArthur, then the Army chief of staff and acting Secretary of War, offering to have his newspaper make and award medals for the best-run camps of the Civilian Conservation Corps. MacArthur accepted the offer, writing back, "In accepting your generous offer permit me to express my appreciation of the cooperative attitude that has always characterized your contacts with the War Department."
By 1938, when the magazine celebrated its 75th anniversary, it had added a motto: "Spokesman of the Services Since 1863".
In January 1945, "Time" magazine decided to take the "jovial, rosy-cheeked" O'Laughlin and his newspaper down a peg. Soviet state-controlled press had recently decried the "Journal's" call for Moscow to establish a second front against Nazi Germany in Poland. "All this attention from Russia was due not to the "Army &amp; Navy Journal's" circulation (27,568 weekly) but to its reputation as an 'unofficial but authoritative' spokesman for the U.S. Army &amp; Navy. The "Journal" itself likes to foster this impression... Actually, the "Journal" is not in the least official. Nor is it always authoritative." O'Laughlin, the newsweekly sniffed, "still does much of its leg work. He has five assistants, only one of whom (a former chaplain) has a military background."
Post-O'Laughlin era.
In March 1949, O'Laughlin died with no immediate survivors. A member of the Gridiron Club, he bequeathed the "Journal" to the organization, a club for journalists in Washington, D.C. News reports valued the publication, "regarded almost as an official organ of the armed forces", at $500,000 ($ million today). But the bequest, made in the form of a trust to be administered by the club, created a conundrum for the social organization. As one newspaper reported, "Publishing magazines is completely out of the club's line."
On May 13, 1950, the name changed to The Army, Navy, Air Force Journal.
In March 1958, the trustees of O'Laughlin's Gridiron Club trust sold the "Journal" to its long-time editor, LeRoy Whitman, and its general manager, Dorothy Cone Brown.
On January 4, 1962, the publication was sold to the Military Service Publishing Company of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
In 1962, the "Journal" absorbed "The Army-Navy-Air Force Register". One of the oldest military-themed publications, the "Register" was first published December 13, 1879, as "The Army and Navy Register". On March 17, the merged publication was renamed The Army-Navy-Air Force Journal &amp; Register.
That name lasted two years. Starting with the issue of July 8, 1964, the magazine was renamed The Journal of the Armed Forces.
In January 1965, LeRoy Whitman stepped down after 35 years as editor. His successor was Daniel Z. Henkin, who had joined the staff in 1948 as assistant editor. Henkin left after just nine months to become the director of operations for the Pentagon's press office.
From 1963 to 1967, the publisher was James A. Donovan, a retired Marine Corps colonel.
Schemmer era.
By the late 1960s, the newspaper was known and read mostly for its social news of the U.S. officer corps. That changed in 1968, when it was purchased by Benjamin F. Schemmer. A 1954 graduate of West Point, Schemmer had served five years as an infantry officer, worked for Boeing until 1965, then become the director of land force weapon systems in the Office of the Secretary of Defense (Systems Analysis). On July 6, 1968, Schemmer renamed the publication Armed Forces Journal and turned it into a weekly magazine with a new focus: in-depth analytical coverage of defense issues. It also received a new subhead: "Defense Weekly" replaced "Spokesman of the Services Since 1863". In August 1971, the weekly became a monthly. In February 1974, Schemmer added a word to the title, dubbing the publication Armed Forces Journal International.
LuAnne K. Levens, Schemmer's second wife, became publisher in 1977.
Noted defense expert Anthony Cordesman served as "AFJ"'s international editor until about April 1984.
In March 1988, Schemmer and Levens sold AFJI to Pergamon-Brassey's Defense Publishers of Greenwich, Connecticut, a U.S. subsidiary of Britain's Maxwell Communications. Various newspapers reported the magazine's circulation at that time as about 42,500 or 45,000, with about half paid and half sent free to key leaders. "The publication covers the international defense arena, weapons and research, electronics, the Soviet military and military issues in Congress, the Pentagon and the White House," "The Washington Post" said. Schemmer, who stayed on as editor, said the larger company had first approached him about five years previously, and that he and Levens had finally sold because they believed Maxwell offered "enormous possibilities for international expansion."
Schemmer resigned in 1992, citing health reasons.
Next to occupy the editor's chair was John Roos, a retired major with 21 years of service in the U.S. Army.
In 1993, the magazine was purchased by Donald Fruehling, who had run the U.S. division of Maxwell Communications when it acquired "AFJI", and his wife Gudrun. Maxwell Communications had gone bankrupt and was broken up.
2000s.
Gannett era.
In September 2002, Armed Forces Journal International Publishing Co. was purchased by Army Times Publishing Company, a division of Gannett. An Associated Press report described "AFJ" as a magazine that "gives military officers analysis, insight and commentary on the latest technological and strategic developments."
In November 2005, Thomas Donnelly became editor.
Eleven months later, Karen Walker, formerly managing editor, replaced Donnelly as editor. In April 2007, "AFJ" published "A Failure in Generalship" by Army Col. Paul Yingling. "The Washington Post" described it as "a blistering attack on U.S. generals" and a signal of the "public emergence of a split inside the military between younger, mid-career officers and the top brass". In the article, Yingling argues that the U.S. general corps needs to be overhauled because it failed to anticipate the post-invasion insurgency in Iraq, and because of its reluctance to admit the onset of such an insurgency in 2004. The article drew national media coverage and would go on to be widely cited in military and academic writing. Journalist Peter Maass called Yingling "perhaps the most respected military dissenter of his generation".
In 2011, Bradley Peniston took over as editor. The following year, the publication was named one of the country's top-10 magazines with under $2 million in annual revenue by the American Society of Business Publication Editors. In February 2012, it published "Truth, Lies, and Afghanistan: How Military Leaders Have Let Us Down” by Army Lt. Col. Daniel L. Davis, one of the first public criticisms of the War in Afghanistan by a serving military officer. The article drew praise from several U.S. lawmakers and won Davis the 2012 Ridenhour Prize for Truth-Telling. It drew national press coverage, including by the "New York Times", "Time", and NPR.
In 2013, "Armed Forces Journal" marked its 150th birthday. It also announced plans to cease print publication and become an online-only title.
"AFJ" last published on April 29, 2014, under publisher Elaine Donnelly. The website disappeared in mid-2015 but was restored, without update, in January 2016.
Post-Gannett.
In 2015, Gannett spun off "AFJ" and the other former Army Times Publishing Company publications to Tegna. In March 2016, Tegna sold the renamed Sightline Media Group to Regent, a Los Angeles-based private equity firm controlled by investor Michael Reinstein.

</doc>
<doc id="6964556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964556" title="Gunnlaugr ormstunga">
Gunnlaugr ormstunga

Gunnlaugr ormstunga (Old Norse: ; ; "serpent-tongue"; ) was an Icelandic skald. His life is described in "Gunnlaugs saga ormstungu", where several of his poems are preserved.
Gunnlaugr was born ca. 983. From an early age he proved himself impetuous, audacious, brave, and tough. He was also a skilled author of mostly derogatory poems, which earned him the cognomen "ormstunga" "serpent-tongue". After a quarrel with his father, Illugi, Gunnlaugr left his home at the age of twelve to stay for some time at Borg with Þorsteinn Egilsson, the son of Egill Skallagrímsson. There, he became acquainted with Þorsteinn's daughter, Helga the fair, reputedly the most beautiful woman on Iceland. Her hair was so ample that she could hide herself in it.
When Gunnlaugr was eighteen, he went abroad. At that time, Helga became his fiancée, on the condition that she would wait no more than three years for Gunnlaugr. He visited the courts of Norway, Ireland, Orkney and Sweden and England. In Sweden, he visited the court of King Óláfr Skötkonung where he met his rival, the Icelandic champion and skald, Hrafn Önundarson.
Gunnlaugr's stay in the service of King Æthelred of England delayed his return to Iceland and Helga. He did not return until four years had passed (ca. 1005). Since Gunnlaugr had been gone longer than his allotted three years, Helga was forced into an unhappy marriage to Gunnlaugr's rival, Hrafn Önundarson. Gunnlaugr and Hrafn met at the Althing and Gunnlaugr challenged Hrafn to a "hólmganga" or duel of honour. The duel ended in a draw and was the last one allowed in Iceland. From that time, "hólmgǫngur" were forbidden by the Gray Goose Laws.
In order to settle their dispute in blood, the two champions met in the Kingdom of Norway in the spring of 1008. There, Gunnlaugr defeated Hrafn, but was fatally wounded. After a short time he died. He was 25. Helga later remarried, but never recovered from Gunnlaugr's death. Her greatest pleasure was to rest her eyes on a sumptuous coat that Gunnlaugr had given her. One evening, she rested her head on her husband's shoulder, spread the coat in front of her, and watched it for a while. Thereafter, she fell back into her husband's embrace and was dead.

</doc>
<doc id="6964561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964561" title="Jonners">
Jonners



</doc>
<doc id="6964562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964562" title="Worldwide Protein Data Bank">
Worldwide Protein Data Bank

The Worldwide Protein Data Bank (wwPDB) is an organization that maintains the archive of macromolecular structure. Its mission is to maintain a single Protein Data Bank Archive of macromolecular structural data that is freely and publicly available to the global community.
The organization has five members: 
The wwPDB was founded in 2003 by RCSB PDB (USA), PDBe (Europe) and PDBj (Japan). In 2006 BMRB (USA) joined the wwPDB. EMDB (UK) joined in 2021.
Each member's site can accept structural data and process the data. The processed data is sent to the "archive keeper". The RCSB PDB presently acts as the "archive keeper". This ensures that there is only one version of the data which is identical for all users. The modified database is then made available to the other wwPDB members, each of whom makes the resulting structure files available through their websites to the public. (Data is accessed from the wwPDB website itself only through links to the member websites.) The member sites are more than just mirrors of the archive keeper, because the members offer different tools on their websites for analysing the structures in the database.
Accomplishments

</doc>
<doc id="6964565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964565" title="2003 International Formula 3000 Championship">
2003 International Formula 3000 Championship

The 2003 International Formula 3000 season was the thirty-seventh season of the second-tier of Formula One feeder championship and also nineteenth season under the International Formula 3000 Championship moniker. It featured the 2003 FIA Formula 3000 International Championship with titles awarded for both Drivers and Teams. The championship was contested over ten events from 19 April to 13 September 2003.
The Drivers Championship was won by Björn Wirdheim and the Teams Championship was awarded to Arden International Ltd.
Teams and drivers.
The following teams and drivers contested the championship.
Calendar.
The 2003 FIA Formula 3000 International Championship was contested over a ten event series. The round at Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps was cancelled due to the FIA banning tobacco advertising, which cancelled the F1 race. 
Teams Championship.
Points for the 2003 FIA Formula 300 International Championship for Teams were awarded on a 10-8-6-5-4-3-2-1 basis for the first eight places at each event. Results from both team cars were taken into account.
See also.
2003 Euro Formula 3000 season

</doc>
<doc id="6964580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964580" title="E. Sehirspor">
E. Sehirspor



</doc>
<doc id="6964581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964581" title="Bounce with Me">
Bounce with Me

"Bounce with Me" is the debut single by American rapper Lil' Bow Wow featuring girl group Xscape. Taken from his debut album "Beware of Dog", the single samples "Love Serenade (Part II)" by Barry White. It spent nine weeks at number 1 on the Hot Rap Tracks and number 20 on "Billboard" Hot 100. The song was featured in the film "Big Momma's House" and the trailer of "Hardball". A radio remix and extended version featuring R.O.C. and Lil' Mo was also released.
In a January 2022 interview with Rory &amp; Mal, Jermaine Dupri revealed that he wrote the first verse to the song while Da Brat wrote the second verse. This is why the second verse involves Lil Bow Wow using a faster flow on multiple parts, as Dupri requested Brat to write the verse in the same cadence she would typically use when she raps.
Music video.
The video, directed by Dave Meyers, features appearances by Jermaine Dupri, Jagged Edge and Da Brat. Brief clips from "Big Momma's House" are also included.

</doc>
<doc id="6964591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964591" title="The Troubles in Monkstown, County Antrim">
The Troubles in Monkstown, County Antrim



</doc>
<doc id="6964606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964606" title="Louis de Clermont, seigneur de Bussy">
Louis de Clermont, seigneur de Bussy

Louis de Clermont, seigneur de Bussy d'Amboise (1549–1579) was a noble, military commander and governor during the French Wars of Religion. His great-uncle was Georges d'Amboise, who was the primary adviser to king Louis XII, as a result he inherited a range of lands from his father. Entering politics in 1568, he led a company of men-at-arms in the third civil war. In 1574 he fought in the fourth civil war in Normandy and was rewarded for his service with the office of "maître de camp" and three more companies.
Bussy travelled with Charles IX's brother to the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth in 1574, getting himself into trouble en route for his sexual indiscretions, something that would become a hallmark of his career. The following year he aligned himself with Henri III's brother the Duke of Alençon in his opposition to the crown. Acting as a 'brave' he challenged the favourites of the king to combat on behalf of his benefactor, meanwhile he became romantically attached to Marguerite de Valois wife of the king of Navarre earning the ire of both the king and Navarre. Having stayed loyal to Alençon through the fifth war of religion, he received the benefits of the disloyal prince's victory, the governorship of his appanage of Anjou. His governorship was loathed by Protestants and Catholics alike, neither of whom could stand his harsh taxation, or disorderly troops.
Returning to court with Alençon in 1578 his skirmishes with the favourites of the king reached a fever pitch, with almost daily insults and fights, several times avoiding attempts to assassinate him by various members of Henri's inner circle. In February he helped Alençon flee from court, and assisted him in his plans to become the king of the Netherlands as they matured in the following months. In service of this venture Alençon made him commander of his military forces for the planned border crossing, however Alençon was warned off the venture by the queen mother and it did not materialise. By now Alençon saw his only path to kingship in the Netherlands to be through collaboration with his brother, as such he began to mend bridges with the king, necessitating the disposal of his much hated favourite Bussy. Bussy had at this time became infatuated with another married woman, and Alençon informed the king of this, who in turn informed the woman's husband that he could kill Bussy without fear of consequence. On 19 August 1579 after being invited to their castle under the false pretence of a rendezvous, Bussy was murdered. 
Early life and family.
Louis de Clermont was born in Mognéville in 1549, the first son of Jacques de Clermont and Catherine de Beauvau. His father's uncle was the Cardinal of Amboise, principal minister of Louis XII. He left property to Jacques on condition his family adopt the name Amboise. The family owned seigneuries in Touraine, the Nivernais and Champagne.
Louis received a military education typical of a young gentleman of his standing.
Reign of Charles IX.
Bussy entered politics when he was granted a company of men-at-arms in 1568 leading them in the early wars of religion.
Bussy took advantage of the Massacre of Saint Bartholomew to prosecute his personal vendettas. His Protestant cousin the Marquis de Renel had come to the capital to prosecute a lawsuit against him. The chaos afforded him the opportunity to murder him with a dagger.
In the wake of the massacre the Protestant nobility entered rebellion once more. Bussy took part in the northern campaign in Normandie that culminated with the capture and execution of one of the leading rebels Gabriel de Lorges, Count of Montgomery. He received further promotion at this time, becoming "maître de camp" and receiving command of four companies. 
Poland-Lithuania.
In 1574, the king's brother Anjou secured an election as the king of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. Bussy travelled with him as he crossed Germany to secure his new throne. On his way Anjou passed through Frankfurt, however Bussy was unable to secure accommodation in the city alongside the king. As a result he went out into the nearby villages, finding a hostess to provide him lodgings. However he soon seduced his hostess, and aroused the ire of the local population through his 'French manners.' The villagers descended on him, beating him up and if it were not for the intervention of a local count, he might have been killed. The count arranged for Bussy to be arrested under protective custody. Anjou secured his release so he could join up against with the main royal host.
Reign of Henri III.
Assassination attempt.
By 1575, many Catholic nobles were disillusioned with the crown, forming an alliance with the Protestant nobility as the Malcontents. With this movement entering war against the crown, the king's brother Alençon saw advantage in providing the movement a royal figurehead. As a result, the king conscious of his brothers manoeuvrers maintained him at court in conditions approximating house arrest. At this time Alençon became close to Bussy, who was keen to fight with the king's favourites. Alongside his position as a 'brave' of Alençon, Bussy further aggravated the king through his relationship with Marguerite de Valois, the king of Navarre's wife. Bussy wrote many stanzas of poetry for his love. The king was not pleased with Bussy for his association with Alençon, and arranged for Louis de Béranger du Guast to kill him. Navarre for his part had one of Marguerite's "filles d'honneur" dismissed for acting as an intermediary between the queen and Bussy. Marguerite meanwhile spoke lovingly of Bussy in her memoires. 
On Henri's instruction, Guast secured the services of 12 men for his attack, and one night as Bussy was departing from the Louvre they fell upon him, but Bussy was able to evade their attacks. Frustrated in his attempt, the king turned on Marguerite for her extra marital relationship. Bussy meanwhile vowed to have his vengeance on his attackers, but was talked down and persuaded that it was in his interest to leave court for the moment, many young nobles followed him in his departure.
Governor.
Bussy fought in Périgord during the fifth war of religion. The troops under his command lacked discipline, and hatched a plan to attack a company of allied German "reiters", murdering and robbing the men. Their plot was uncovered, and the troops under his command were reorganised with the leading offenders dismissed from service. As a term of the peace, negotiated favourably for his patron, an Estates General was to be called. To choose delegates for the body, local meetings would select each regions candidates. While in most regions the roles would be dominated by "Liguer" deputies who despised Alençon's peace and wanted to see it overturned, in Vitry-le-François, Bussy d'Amboise, ensured for his patron that "Liguer" deputies were expelled from the candidate list. A further term of the peace granted Alençon the appanage of the Duchy of Anjou, to assist in the governance of this extensive holding Alençon turned to Bussy. Bussy, having arrived in November 1576, governed in a chaotic fashion, failing to provide pay to the soldiers under his command in the province, and allowing them to engage in atrocities around Le Mans in early 1577. Bussy imposed harsh taxation largely on his own personal authority. Receiving many complaints from Protestants and Catholics alike about Bussy's governance, Henri deputised Renaud de Beaune to investigate proceedings in the province. Sensing the mood at court, Bussy took the excuse to temporarily depart from the province, and Henri's representatives could do little to bring justice in the appanage. 
War of the favourites.
Returning to court, alongside his patron in January 1578 Bussy quickly got involved in almost daily scuffles and combats with the king's men. Several days after quarreling with Philibert de Gramont during a ball at the Louvre, Bussy marched on him with 300 supporters, travelling to the porte Saint-Antoine where he challenged Gramont, and the other favourites of the king to duel it out to the death. The king intervened, narrowly averting a pitched battle between the two sides, Gramont was frustrated by this intervention and attempted to attack Bussy in his lodgings. This too came to nought and both men were temporarily arrested, the king so vexed at these spats that he retired from public view for several days. Released in February, Caylus, Saint-Mégrin, Saint-Luc and François d'O ambushed Bussy at Saint-Antoine, but he was able to slip their grasp, angrily demanding justice from the king in response.
Frustrated by the reception he had received at court, Alençon decided to depart court again in February and instructed Bussy and his other favourites to join him in abandoning the king. Catherine de Medici, mother of the king, persuaded him to remain, but he remained frosty, refusing to attend the wedding of the king's favourite Saint-Luc. Attending the ball to celebrate the wedding later that night, another of the king's favourites, Louis de Maugiron took the opportunity to insult Alençon. Again deciding to leave, his followers were locked in the Louvre and Bastille. Urged on by his sister, Alençon offered an apology for his conduct, and that of his followers over the past months. As a result his favourites were released from their imprisonment, with Bussy and Caylus forced to embrace as a symbolic act of the reconciliation. The apology was not however genuine, and on 14 February Alençon snuck out of court, slipping out of a window, down to a horse where Bussy was waiting for him, together they fled towards Angers. Catherine pursued them, hoping to achieve a more real reconciliation, however they refused to see her. At this time Alençon made Bussy the 'first gentleman of his chamber'.
In March after having briefly returned to Paris for some celebrations, Alençon laid out his demands for returning to the city, among them was a demand that Bussy, La Châtre and Simier be inducted into the "conseil privé", the innermost royal council of decision making.
Apogee.
Enjoying the peak of his favour, Bussy was granted the Abbaye de Bourgueil which brought him annual revenues of 18,000 "livres", a sizable sum. He was further made command of Alençon's troops for his planned entry into the Netherlands, placing him in the position of organising further recruitment, though the prince would be dissauded from entering the country in force for the moment. He accompanied Alençon on his trip to Mons, a preliminary exploration for Alençon's ambitions to become king of the Netherlands. in August he and François de la Noue were dispatched to meet with William the Silent to discuss the religious situation in the Netherlands. Returning from the trip he continued his cavalier existence in Anjou, the population having despaired of achieving any successful royal intervention.
In his capacity as governor of Anjou, he was questioned by Catherine during the negotiations she was conducting with Navarre, as to what provisions for worship had been granted. The Protestants had complained that Bussy had provided for them the site of Baugé, which they felt was unsuitable. Though Bussy would not change the allocation, Alençon would grant an alternate site in 1581.
Fall from favour and murder.
By 1579, his fortunes were changing. Alençon felt he needed his brother’s favour for his Dutch ambitions, and Bussy was an obstacle to any reconciliation. He increasingly found Bussy a patronising presence among his entourage, never having forgiven him for making fun of him during a friendly game. To dispose of him, Alençon provided evidence to the king that Bussy was now romantically pursuing the wife of the count of Montsereau. Henri in turn insinuated to the count that he would not face any royal opposition if he pursued vengeance against Bussy. To entrap the former favourite, Montsereau's wife, on instruction, pretended she was interested in Bussy coming to visit. On 19 August 1579, upon entering the château of Contancière with a friend for this 'illicit rendezvous', he was set upon by Montsereau's men and killed.
His governor responsibilities in Anjou would be inherited by another of Alençon's favourites, the sieur de Simier.
In popular culture.
Bussy d'Amboise is the hero of the play "Bussy D'Ambois" (1607) by English playwright George Chapman, written 20 years after d'Amboise's death. He is also the hero of the novel "La Dame de Monsoreau" by Alexandre Dumas, père.

</doc>
<doc id="6964613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964613" title="Lancelot and Guinevere">
Lancelot and Guinevere

Lancelot and Guinevere (known as Sword of Lancelot in the U.S.) is a British 1963 medieval fantasy adventure film starring Cornel Wilde, Jean Wallace (his real-life wife at the time), and Brian Aherne. This lesser-known version of the Camelot legend is a work shaped predominantly by Cornel Wilde, who co-produced, directed, co-wrote, and played Lancelot.
Plot.
Lancelot is King Arthur's most valued Knight of the Round Table and a paragon of courage and virtue. Things change, however, when he falls in love with Queen Guinevere. A sub-plot concerns Arthur's effort to forestall a challenge from a rival king, a problem that will inevitably catch Lancelot up in a personal conflict.
In order to marry Guinevere, King Leodogran's daughter, King Arthur must find a knight to defeat Leodogran's champion. Arthur chooses Lancelot, who mortally wounds his opponent. On the way back to Camelot, Lancelot foils an attempt on Guinevere's life by Sir Modred, Arthur's illegitimate son; and before the end of the journey, Lancelot and Guinevere realize their love for each other. Though Lancelot is loyal to Arthur and Guinevere's marriage to the King takes place as planned, it is not long before the two become lovers.
Modred spies on them and informs Arthur of his wife's infidelity. Lancelot escapes, but Guinevere is condemned to be burned at the stake. He returns in time to save her and then offers to give himself up provided there will be no retaliation. Nevertheless, Arthur banishes him and sends Guinevere to a convent. Years later, Modred murders Arthur for his throne, and Lancelot returns to defeat him, thus ending the civil war that has been raging in Britain. He then finds Guinevere about to take the vows of a nun.

</doc>
<doc id="6964615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964615" title="RC Narbonne Méditerannée">
RC Narbonne Méditerannée



</doc>
<doc id="6964616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964616" title="Billy Holm">
Billy Holm

William Frederick Holm (July 21, 1912 – July 27, 1977) was a Major League Baseball catcher who played for the Chicago Cubs (1943–1944) and Boston Red Sox (1945). A native of Chicago, he stood and weighed .
Holm is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut on September 24, 1943, in a home game against the Philadelphia Blue Jays at Wrigley Field.
In a career total of 119 games he hit .156 (44-for-282, 39 singles) with 15 runs batted in and 22 runs scored. 41 walks, however, did push his on-base percentage up to .272. He made 8 errors in 417 chances for a fielding percentage of .981.

</doc>
<doc id="6964629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964629" title="Interaction information">
Interaction information

In probability theory and information theory, the interaction information is a generalization of the mutual information for more than two variables.
There are many names for interaction information, including "amount of information", "information correlation", "co-information", and simply "mutual information". Interaction information expresses the amount of information (redundancy or synergy) bound up in a set of variables, "beyond" that which is present in any subset of those variables. Unlike the mutual information, the interaction information can be either positive or negative. These functions, their negativity and minima have a direct interpretation in algebraic topology.
Definition.
The conditional mutual information can be used to inductively define the interaction information for any finite number of variables as follows:
where
Some authors define the interaction information differently, by swapping the two terms being subtracted in the preceding equation. This has the effect of reversing the sign for an odd number of variables.
For three variables formula_3, the interaction information formula_4 is given by
where formula_6 is the mutual information between variables formula_7 and formula_8, and formula_9 is the conditional mutual information between variables formula_7 and formula_8 given formula_12. The interaction information is symmetric, so it does not matter which variable is conditioned on. This is easy to see when the interaction information is written in terms of entropy and joint entropy, as follows:
In general, for the set of variables formula_14, the interaction information can be written in the following form (compare with Kirkwood approximation):
For three variables, the interaction information measures the influence of a variable formula_12 on the amount of information shared between formula_7 and formula_8. Because the term formula_9 can be larger than formula_6, the interaction information can be negative as well as positive. This will happen, for example, when formula_7 and formula_8 are independent but not conditionally independent given formula_12. Positive interaction information indicates that variable formula_12 inhibits (i.e., "accounts for" or "explains" some of) the correlation between formula_7 and formula_8, whereas negative interaction information indicates that variable formula_12 facilitates or enhances the correlation.
Properties.
Interaction information is bounded. In the three variable case, it is bounded by
If three variables form a Markov chain formula_29, then formula_30, but formula_31. Therefore
Examples.
Positive interaction information.
Positive interaction information seems much more natural than negative interaction information in the sense that such "explanatory" effects are typical of common-cause structures. For example, clouds cause rain and also block the sun; therefore, the correlation between rain and darkness is partly accounted for by the presence of clouds, formula_33. The result is positive interaction information formula_34.
Negative interaction information.
A car's engine can fail to start due to either a dead battery or a blocked fuel pump. Ordinarily, we assume that battery death and fuel pump blockage are independent events, formula_35. But knowing that the car fails to start, if an inspection shows the battery to be in good health, we can conclude that the fuel pump must be blocked. Therefore formula_36, and the result is negative interaction information.
Difficulty of interpretation.
The possible negativity of interaction information can be the source of some confusion. Many authors have taken zero interaction information as a sign that three or more random variables do not interact, but this interpretation is wrong.
To see how difficult interpretation can be, consider a set of eight independent binary variables formula_37. Agglomerate these variables as follows:
Because the formula_39's overlap each other (are redundant) on the three binary variables formula_40, we would expect the interaction information formula_41 to equal formula_42 bits, which it does. However, consider now the agglomerated variables
These are the same variables as before with the addition of formula_44. However, formula_45 in this case is actually equal to formula_46 bit, indicating less redundancy. This is correct in the sense that
but it remains difficult to interpret.

</doc>
<doc id="6964630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964630" title="Sappers Divers Group">
Sappers Divers Group

The Divers Group (AGRUMERG, ) is the Portuguese Navy's sapper clearance diver unit. It was created in 2004 through the grouping of the several already existing diving subunits, to exercise administrative, logistical and operational control and management, maritime special operations capable, over all diver units and personnel. It groups under a single command, all previously existing Sappers Divers Units (EOD/Combat Divers, Salvage/SAR, MCM/MW) and Services (Training and Logistics).
Organization.
The Divers Group is a command, within the Portuguese Navy Subsurface Squadron, and is commanded by a senior naval officer.
It includes:
History.
The first notice of the employment of combat divers by Portugal occurred in 1580, during the War of the Portuguese Succession. In that occasion, Portuguese combat divers attacked the enemy Spanish ships that were in the Tagus, in order to damage their hulls.
In the scope of the Overseas war in Portuguese Guinea, the Portuguese Navy detected the use of naval mines by the enemy forces of the PAIGC. To deal with that threat, in 1966, the No. 1 Sappers Divers Section was created and deployed to Guinea. In 1968, the No. 2 Sappers Divers Section is also created.
In 1972, the two sappers divers sections are transformed in two larger sappers divers detachments (DMS, "destacamentos de mergulhadores sapadores"). The DMS continue to be assigned to the Navy's Guinea Maritime Defense Command due to the operational imperatives of its activities.
The DMS were disbanded in 1975, after the end of the Overseas War. Afterwards the operational activity of the divers was assigned to the Navy's Divers School.
The Sappers Divers Detachment No. 1 (DMS1) was reactivated on 1 June, 1988, because there was a need of an operational unit specially dedicated to the military diving area. Public interest activities, namely salvage diving and air-sea rescue were still assigned to the Divers School.
When, on 1 January, 1995, the DMS2 was reactivated (with twenty elements instead of thirteen), all operational activity was assigned to the detachments, with Divers School becoming only dedicated to the instruction activities.
In 2004, the Sappers Divers Group is created, grouping the DMS1, the DMS2 and the Divers School under a single Command.
A divers unit focused in mine warfare is created in 2008, this being the Sappers Divers Detachment No. 3 (DMS-MW).
The Sappers Divers Group is under the command of the Portuguese Navy Submarine Squadron.
Missions.
The missions assigned to the Sappers Divers Detachments, under the Divers Group command, are:
High-profile operations conducted by the unit:

</doc>
<doc id="6964633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964633" title="Isahi">
Isahi



</doc>
<doc id="6964637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964637" title="Donald R. Currey">
Donald R. Currey



</doc>
<doc id="6964649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964649" title="Chrismon">
Chrismon

Chrismon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6964658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964658" title="Defekt">
Defekt



</doc>
<doc id="6964659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964659" title="Mizu ni Sumu Hana">
Mizu ni Sumu Hana



</doc>
<doc id="6964660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964660" title="Bruneau-Jarbidge volcanic field">
Bruneau-Jarbidge volcanic field

The Bruneau-Jarbidge volcanic field, also known as the Bruneau-Jarbidge eruptive center is located in present-day southwest Idaho. The volcano erupted during the Miocene, between ten and twelve million years ago, spreading a thick blanket of ash in the Bruneau-Jarbidge event. Animals were suffocated and burned in pyroclastic flows within a hundred miles of the event, and died of slow suffocation and starvation much farther away, notably at Ashfall Fossil Beds, located 1,000 miles downwind in northeastern Nebraska, where up to two meters of ash were deposited. At the time, the field was above the Yellowstone hotspot.
By its uniquely characteristic chemical composition and the distinctive size and shape of its crystals and glass shards, the volcano stood out among dozens of prominent ashfall horizons laid down in the Cretaceous, Paleogene, and Neogene periods of central North America. The event responsible for this fall of volcanic ash was identified at Bruneau-Jarbidge, 1,600 kilometers west in Idaho. Prevailing westerlies deposited distal ashfall over a vast area of the Great Plains.
The evolving composition of the erupted material indicates that while it is derived in large part from molten material from the middle or upper crust, it also incorporated a young basaltic component.

</doc>
<doc id="6964665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964665" title="Hurricane Gordon (2006)">
Hurricane Gordon (2006)

Hurricane Gordon was the first tropical cyclone since 1992 to affect the Azores while retaining tropical characteristics. The eighth tropical storm, third hurricane, and first major hurricane of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season, Gordon formed on September 10 in the tropical Atlantic Ocean. It gradually matured into a hurricane as it tracked northward, reaching its peak intensity with winds of early on September 14 while located about southeast of Bermuda. After becoming nearly stationary, Gordon weakened to minimal hurricane status, although it re-intensified after accelerating to the east. It weakened again after moving over cooler waters, and passed through the Azores on September 20. Shortly thereafter, it became an extratropical cyclone and subsequently affected Spain, Ireland, and the United Kingdom.
The only land area affected while Gordon was tropicalthe Azoressustained little damage, in spite of wind gusts' reaching hurricane force on Santa Maria Island. Impact was much more significant from the storm in its extratropical phase. In Spain, wind gusts reached along the northwest coast and left 100,000 people without power. Five people in the country sustained storm-related injuries. Further north, the storm brought a surge of tropical air to Ireland and the United Kingdom, contributing to record warm temperatures. In Northern Ireland, high winds left 120,000 people without power and caused one injury.
Meteorological history.
On September 1, a tropical wave exited the west coast of Africa and quickly showed signs of organization. It possessed a low pressure area and some convection as the system moved generally westward. The United States National Hurricane Center (NHC) first pinpointed the system as an area for potential development late on September 2 while it was about west-southwest of Cape Verde. However, an upper level trough associated with the developing Hurricane Florence to its west increased wind shear across the region, which prevented significant tropical cyclone development over the next week. However, on September 5, the NHC noted the potential for the storm system to organize into a tropical depression within the next several days, but its close proximity to Florence continued to stall its strengthening. By September 9, the trough moved far enough away from the system to allow wind shear to yield, signalling an increase in convective thunderstorm activity. Around 18:00 UTC that day, the system developed into a tropical depression about east-northeast of the Lesser Antilles.
Upon developing, the depression, small in physical size, moved slowly west-north-westward. Initially, the NHC faced difficulties in forecasting the future of the system due to the potential for resumed strong wind shear, as well as uncertainty in its path of direction. It gradually organized and intensified, and based on observations from the Hurricane Hunters, the NHC assessed the depression as a tropical storm late on September 11; upon doing so, they named it Gordon. As it strengthened, Gordon developed more large outflow and increasing banding features. On September 12, the storm slowed and turned toward the north through a weakness in the subtropical ridge created by Florence. Wind shear decreased further, and the storm's convection became more symmetric with an intermittent eye feature in the center. Based on the presence of the eye and estimates from satellite imagery, it is estimated that Gordon intensified into a hurricane early on September 13.
After becoming a hurricane, Gordon underwent rapid deepening as the eye became better defined and more intense. In 24 hours, the winds increased by to a peak intensity of early on September 14, while located about southeast of Bermuda. This made Gordon a major hurricane, specifically a Category 3 on the Saffir-Simpson scale, the first of 2006. As it curved to the northeast, the hurricane maintained its peak intensity for about 24 hours, during which the eye decreased in size and the eyewall convection weakened. Afterward, Gordon began weakening due to moving over an area of cooler water temperatures. On September 15, the trough that was previously guiding the hurricane moved farther away, allowing the ridge to build to the north and causing Gordon's motion to become nearly stationary. Increased wind shear imparted further weakening, and the hurricane's slow motion resulted in upwellingthe motion of cooler water to the ocean's surface. On September 17, a building ridge to the east caused Gordon to begin a steady northeast motion. By that time, the convection had diminished significantly and the winds weakened to minimal hurricane-force. One NHC forecast predicted extratropical transition to occur within 48 hours.
On September 18, Hurricane Gordon began accelerating to the northeast around a strengthening ridge, and later toward the east as guided by a trough. Wind shear decreased, which allowed for convection to redevelop near the eye. Unexpectedly, the hurricane began restrengthening, despite moving over slightly cooler waters; instability from cooler upper-level temperatures allowed for the reintensification. Despite continued forecasts of a weakening trend, Gordon's resiliency presented a rare threatthe first since Hurricane Charley in 1992to the Azores, a Portuguese archipelago in the northeast Atlantic Ocean. At about 06:00 UTC on September 19, the hurricane attained its secondary peak intensity of about west-southwest of the Azores. By that time, the cyclone consisted of a solid ring of convection around a contracting eye. Shortly thereafter, Gordon began steadily weakening due to the combination of increasing wind shear and even cooler water temperatures. Its motion became just south of due east, causing the strongest winds to remain south of the islands. Around 09:00 UTC on September 20, Gordon passed through the Azores between the islands of Santa Maria and São Miguel, producing hurricane-force wind gusts on the former island. At the time, its sustained winds were estimated around , which remained south of any landmasses. The cloud pattern had become less organized and more ragged.
After passing the Azores, Gordon began interacting with an approaching cold front. Early on September 21, it completed the transition into an extratropical storm while simultaneously weakening below hurricane-force, located about west-northwest of the west coast of Portugal. The cyclone maintained its identity as the system turned sharply northeastward and later northward, after passing about northwest of the Spanish province of Galicia. Its forward motion accelerated to about , steered by another extratropical storm, while still maintaining sustained winds of . After moving along the west coast of Ireland, the extratropical remnants of Gordon turned to the northwest and intensified to hurricane-force winds. It turned to the southwest and later to the southeast, completing a large cyclonic loop before dissipating on September 24 to the south of Ireland.
Preparations and impact.
Late on September 18, while Gordon was beginning to accelerate to the northeast, a tropical storm watch was issued for all of the Azores. The hurricane was expected to weaken to tropical storm-force before affecting the islands. When it became apparent that Gordon would continue intensifying, a hurricane warning replaced the watch about 27 hours before the strongest winds affected the region. The advance of the storm forced the closure of all schools in the region. Concurrently, officials increased the number of emergency workers on stand-by. The two westernmost islandsCorvo and Floreswere placed under a red alert, the highest on a four-level scale, which indicated the greatest threat for severe weather. The remainder of the archipelago was placed on low alert. Ultimately, the Azores escaped significant damage as the hurricane passed farther south than expected. Overall impact was limited to toppled trees and power lines, leaving portions of Santa Maria Island without electrical service. Santa Maria recorded sustained winds of , with gusts to .
In Portugal, coastal regions were put under a yellow alert, the second lowest level, since the extratropical remnants of Gordon were expected to produce rough seas and heavy rains. In Spain, the Galicia region was placed on red alert by authorities in anticipation of the storm. Classes on September 21 were also suspended by the regional education ministry. Eleven other regions of Spain, extending as far east as Madrid and as far south as Andalusia, received lower levels of warning. The storm's threat also prompted the cancellation or delay of flights along the coast. While passing northwest of Spain, the remnants of Gordon produced strong wind gusts, reaching at Punta Candieira in Galicia on the country's northwest coast. The nearby city of A Coruña recorded sustained winds of , while further inland, a station near Madrid reported winds of . Along the coast, waves reached in height, while rainbands dropped heavy precipitation, including a total of in Canfranc. Wind-blown debris injured four people in the country, and a fifth storm-related injury occurred as the result of a tree falling onto an occupied vehicle. The winds downed trees, traffic lights, and power lines, leaving about 100,000 people without power. Throughout Galicia, total monetary losses reached €3 million (US$3.8 million; 2006 USD).
Stormy conditions threatened to affect the 2006 Ryder Cup in Straffan, County Kildare, Ireland at the K Club, and September 25 was set aside as an additional "reserve day". The club's media center was briefly evacuated, and one woman at the event was injured after being struck by a tree branch broken by the storm. The remnants of Gordon caused stormy conditions that left at least 5,000 people without power in eastern and southern Ireland. One electric company had more than 400 workers on duty to restore power in affected areas. High winds blowing down trees were responsible for power outages which affected 126,000 people in Northern Ireland.
The remnants of Gordon affected the United Kingdom with strong winds, including gusts to in the Isles of Scilly off the southwest coast and on the mainland. The storm interfered with an archaeological excavation undertaken by Time Team at Mount Murray on the Isle of Man, which was broadcast as part of the first episode of the 14th series. The storm system produced heavy precipitation and thunderstorms that caused localized flooding. Wainfleet, Lincolnshire recorded of rainfall, of which almost half fell within the span of an hour. High winds delayed rail service, and in Dawlish, the rail line was damaged by coastal flooding. More than 1,000 homes were left without power in Truro, Cornwall. The storm brought moist air northward that contributed to record warm temperatures across portions of the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="6964666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964666" title="Asystasia gangetica">
Asystasia gangetica

Asystasia gangetica is a species of plant in the family Acanthaceae. It is commonly known as the Chinese violet, coromandel or creeping foxglove. In South Africa this plant may simply be called asystasia.
Description.
This plant is a spreading herb or groundcover, reaching 600 mm in height or up to 1 m if supported. The stems root easily at the nodes. The leaves are simple and opposite. The fruit is an explosive capsule which starts out green in colour, but dries to brown after opening.
Distribution.
Widespread throughout the Old World Tropics, and introduced into tropical Americas and Hawaii, where it has become naturalized. Both subspecies of this plant have been introduced to Australia where "A. g. micrantha" is on the National Environmental Alert List and must be reported when found. The original range of the subspecies is unclear, but it is likely that "A. g. gangetica" was limited to Asia, and "A. g. micrantha" was limited to Africa.
Reproduction.
Ernest Akamine (1947) found that there were no apparent dormancy mechanisms operating in the seeds, which germinated freely 135 days after being expelled from parent plants. Flower production can begin as early as 40 days after germination, with seed development beginning after 57 days, facilitating the production of viable seed in as little as 72 days. The seeds are then expelled explosively upon ripening via hooked retinacula (pictured).
Uses.
In some parts of Africa, the leaves are eaten as a vegetable and used as an herbal remedy in traditional African medicine. The leaves are used in many parts of Nigeria as a traditional African medicine for the management of asthma. It is also used as an ornamental plant.
Ecological significance.
This is an important plant for honeybees, butterflies and other insects. In southern Africa there are at least seven species of butterfly and moth that use "A. g. micrantha" as a larval foodplant; "Junonia oenone", "Junonia hierta", "Junonia natalica", "Junonia terea", "Protogoniomorpha parhassus", "Hypolimnas misippus" and "Microplexia costimaculalis". The vigorous growth of "A. g. micrantha" in tropical regions makes it a weed which can smother certain indigenous vegetation where it has been introduced.

</doc>
<doc id="6964667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964667" title="Oshawa Civic Band">
Oshawa Civic Band

The Oshawa Civic Band is a traditional Canadian "British" brass band based in the city of Oshawa, Ontario. It is similar to the bands of The Salvation Army, which means that all parts, except for the bass trombone and percussion, are in treble clef, and the instrumentation is made up of Eb Soprano Cornet, Solo, 1st/Repiano, 2nd and 3rd Bb Cornets, Bb Flugal Horn, Solo, 1st and 2nd Eb Tenor Horns, 1st and 2nd Baritones, Euphonium, 1st and 2nd (Tenor) Trombones, Bass Trombone, EEb and BBb bass and percussion.
History.
Military service.
The band began life in 1870 as the band of the 34th Ontario Regiment, and was a traditional Military band. In 1920, the regimental band merged with the Oshawa Citizens' Band, to become the Oshawa Civic and Regimental Band. As time passed the band evolved into its current configuration. In 1942, a bandshell and a bandroom were built in Oshawa's Memorial Park for use by the group, with the sponsorship of industrialist Robert McLaughlin.
Civilian service.
Official ties with the regiment were ended in 1968 due to budget cuts by the federal government as a result of the Unification of the Canadian Armed Forces. After this, Naval Lieutenant Bill Askew intervened in the destruction of the band's history, resulting in it officially assuming the name of Oshawa Civic band and has since become incorporated. Many of the former regimental bandsmen continue to play with the Civic Band today. The band performs regular outdoor concerts in Oshawa during the summer months, as well as at special events and ceremonies. The band has often performed in concert with other musical groups, including the Festival Singers and the County Town Singers. In 2016, the band recorded a CD.

</doc>
<doc id="6964668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964668" title="Lon Non">
Lon Non

Lon Non (; 18 April 1930 – 17 April 1975) was a Cambodian military officer and politician who rose to prominence during the Cambodian Civil War (1967–1975) and the Khmer Republic (1970–1975).
Non was the younger brother of Prime Minister (and later President) Lon Nol. As a result, he was often referred to as "Little Brother" () in political circles, in which he was regarded as a somewhat Machiavellian figure who was determined to protect his brother's monopoly on power. Non was executed by Angkar and members of the Khmer Rouge after the Communist seizure of Phnom Penh in April 1975.
Early life.
Non was born in the early 20's, the son of Lon Hin, a Cambodian district administrator from Prey Veng. He attended "Collège Norodom Sihanouk" in Kampong Cham; his best friend there was a youth called Saloth Sar, who would later become better known as Pol Pot. He was first trained as an officer in the Royal Gendarmerie of Cambodia. Later, sponsored by his successful younger brother, Lon Nol, he completed his education in France, where he studied criminology.
Career.
Under the administration of Prince Norodom Sihanouk, Non served as an officer of the military police, reaching the rank of Major. Subsequent to the Cambodian coup of 1970, in which Sihanouk was ousted by Lon Nol, then serving as Prime Minister, Non was rapidly promoted. Despite a lack of substantial military experience, he was soon given the rank of Colonel, and then Brigadier general: the 'elite', American-trained militias of the Khmer Kampuchea Krom and Khmer Serei, flown into the country after the coup, were placed under his command. The massacres of Vietnamese residents of Cambodia in the period subsequent to the coup are thought to have been carried out by the military under Lon Non's direction.
Political activity.
Non's political motivation seems to have partly derived from an unswerving loyalty to his brother, and his machinations against the coup's other main figure, Prince Sisowath Sirik Matak, caused serious divisions in the Cambodian administration. While Lon Nol was in poor health during 1970 and 1971, his brother and the army made it clear they would accept no other leader and made efforts to sideline Sirik Matak, who was given the title of "Prime Minister-Delegate". In 1971 Non raised his political profile by directing a moderately successful military operation, "Akineth Moha Padevuth", driving Communist guerrillas from villages around National Route 3 (Akineth was a wizard and hermit in the "Reamker" on whom Non seems to have modelled himself).
By early 1972 Lon Non finally managed to drive Sirik Matak from the government after organising groups of students to demonstrate against him. When, later in 1972, presidential elections were held, Non boasted that the monolithic vote of the Khmer National Armed Forces had secured his brother's inevitable victory. Non, who was ultimately to become Minister of the Interior, also created the "Sangkum Sathéaranak Râth" (the Socio-Republican Party, PSR) as a political organisation to represent the interests of Lon Nol and the officer corps. The two rival parties, In Tam's Democratic Party and Sirik Matak's Republicans, refused to contest the elections to the National Assembly in September 1972, leading to the PSR's total dominance.
Non's faction of the party was referred to as the "Dangkor" group, distinguishing it from the rival "Dangrek" faction centred on veteran radical Son Ngoc Thanh and academic Hang Thun Hak. In the ongoing Cambodian Civil War, Non appears to have planned to circumvent the influence of the People's Republic of China in the region by seeking help from the Soviet Union and France in achieving a peace settlement.
Allegations of corruption.
Evidence was found linking Non with international heroin traffic, through a CIA-organised commando training camp that he headed. He also exploited his control of the army to accrue a large personal fortune by selling its weapons (many of which ended up in the hands of its Khmer Rouge opponents). Non surrounded himself with a coterie of officers who were to have a substantial impact on the political and military conduct of the Republic, such as Lieutenant-Colonels Les Kosem and Chhim Chhuon and a former member of the "Pracheachon" socialist party, Major Penn Yuth.
The American government, the main supplier of aid to the Republic, began applying increasing pressure on Lon Nol to reduce his brother's influence, concerned about the latter's corruption, lack of moral scruple (combined with unusual ambition and energy) and his suspected implication in bombing and other attacks on his political rivals. Australian intelligence confirmed that Non had formed an assassination unit, called the "Republican Security Battalion", which used a fleet of yellow Hondas. The US suggested a variety of posts to occupy Lon Non's energies, or induce him to get out of the country: in 1973, after Non was eventually forced to leave Cambodia, his wife was caught with $170,000 in US$100 bills at Orly Airport in Paris as she was leaving to join her husband in the United States.
Death.
Despite a period in America as the Republic's "Ambassador-at-Large", General Lon Non returned to Cambodia during 1974 and resumed his political activities: John Gunther Dean, the US ambassador, soon complained about Non's "frantic maneuvering", and appealed for US government assistance in controlling him. He appears to have been responsible for a bizarre last-ditch plot in which a group of students, led by a man named Hem Keth Dara and posing as a faction of the Khmer Rouge (under the title of "Monatio", or the 'National Movement') attempted to seize key parts of the city ahead of the actual Communist forces. Along with Long Boret he made efforts to broker a cease-fire agreement, despite both having been threatened with execution by the Khmer Rouge. Non remained in the city until it fell to the Khmer Rouge on April 17, and was detained by their forces at the Information Ministry. He was seen along with a group of officials under guard, looking apparently composed, "impeccably dressed" with a freshly starched uniform and trimmed moustache, and smoking a pipe. It is possible that he believed that the arrest was being carried out largely for 'effect', and that the Communists wished to work with him in the future.
Soon after, Koy Thuon, a Khmer Rouge deputy front commander, organized the "Committee for Wiping Out Enemies" at the Hotel Monorom (). Its first action was ordering the immediate execution of Lon Non and other leading government figures, who were probably executed on the grounds of the "Cercle Sportif" in Phnom Penh within hours. A later broadcast by the Communist authorities stated that Non had in fact been beaten to death by a crowd of "enraged" members of the populace, though the truth of this account is unclear.

</doc>
<doc id="6964678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964678" title="Training &amp; Simulation Journal">
Training &amp; Simulation Journal

Training &amp; Simulation Journal ("TSJ") was a website and magazine covering the global military training and modeling and simulation industries, published every two months. It was established in 2000 and discontinued by 2020.
The website included a range of news and features, as well as monthly game reviews. The magazines included previews of the two major modeling and simulation trade conferences, and the Interservice/Industry Training, Simulation and Education Conference.
Writers covered a broad range of topics relating to the military.
Examples of topics covered include technological innovations and new products, industry acquisitions, language and mobile learning, government budgets and training curricula, agency interoperability, robotics, war games, vehicle simulators (for tanks, helicopters, airplanes, convoys, and submarines), maintenance training, virtual reality systems, and weapons or tactical training (such as laser targeting systems, MOUTs, dismounted infantry simulator). TSJ also published interviews, technical briefings, and commentaries from outside contributors.
"TSJ" was published by the Sightline Media Group, currently owned by Regent, a Los Angeles-based private equity firm controlled by investor Michael Reinstein. It was founded by the Gannett division known as Gannett Government Media from 1997 to 2015, then became part of TEGNA, Inc.'s TEGNA Digital arm, before being sold to Regent in 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="6964686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964686" title="Chinese violet">
Chinese violet



</doc>
<doc id="6964688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964688" title="The Troubles in Moneymore">
The Troubles in Moneymore

A total of seven people were killed in Troubles-related violence in or near the County Londonderry village of Moneymore, of whom six were Protestant and one Catholic. All were killed by the Irish Republican Army (IRA) except 71-year-old Protestant Samuel Miller, who was beaten to death by the Ulster Defence Association after witnessing a robbery. 
Of the IRA's six victims, three were members of the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) and one was a soldier in the Royal Irish Regiment. The IRA's two civilian victims were a Catholic farmer inadvertently killed by a booby trap bomb on his farm, and a contractor, Harry Henry, for the British Army and RUC who was shot at his home in The Loup. Henry was a Protestant businessman who had set up a building company with his brother which prospered by supplying bomb-proof windows and repairing damaged security bases around Northern Ireland. 
All were killed in separate incidents except for two of the RUC officers, who were shot by IRA gunmen after a car chase. Francis Hughes' involvement in the killings was confirmed in an IRA account of the incident.

</doc>
<doc id="6964690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964690" title="No More (Ruff Endz song)">
No More (Ruff Endz song)

"No More" is the title of a number-one R&amp;B single by group Ruff Endz. The song spent one week at number one on the US R&amp;B chart and peaked at number five on the US pop chart. The song is the duo's best-selling and known single to date.
Remix.
The remix features with R.E.D.B.O.N.E., Candice, Ghostface Killah, Raekwon, Cam'ron and Puerto Rock.

</doc>
<doc id="6964692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964692" title="Kosta Khetagurov">
Kosta Khetagurov

Kosta Levanovich Khetagurov (, ; ) was a national poet of the Ossetian people who is generally regarded as the founder of Ossetian literature. He was also a talented painter and a notable public benefactor.
Khetagurov was born in the village of Nar in what is now Alagirsky District in the Republic of North Ossetia–Alania. He studied at the Stavropol Gymnasium from 1871 to 1881, and entered the Saint Petersburg Academy of Arts in 1881, but had to abandon his studies due to financial constraint in 1885. 
Back in his native Ossetia, he became a prominent poet, whose poems composed in Ossetic quickly spread throughout Ossetian towns and villages in an oral form. He also published a number of poems, stories and articles in the Russian-language newspapers "Severny Kavkaz" (edited by himself, 1893–1902), and "Kazbek". His paintings also gained in notable popularity, one of them depicting Saint Nino, a 4th-century Christian baptizer of the Georgians, was particularly welcomed by the Georgian society. 
Due to his criticism of the Imperial Russian government he was twice exiled from his motherland from 1891 to 1896 and again from 1899 to 1902. The last exile significantly shattered the poet's health and deprived him of the ability to continue his creative and social activities. Khetagurov died shortly afterwards in Labæ (nowadays Karachay-Cherkessia) in 1906.
Life.
Education.
Konstantin (Kosta) Khetagkaty was born on October 15, 1859, in the remote mountain village of Nar. Situated at the terminus of a lengthy road, Nar is a small yet notable town near the larger town of Tibsli in the Alagir gorge of North Ossetia. Located close to the Georgian-Russian border, this geographical proximity would later prove significant.
Quickly, Kosta was recognized as a drawing prodigy. The attention of many and all was raised by this fact, and Kosta had very high expectations set for him. These years were difficult for Kosta but helped his development strongly.
It came time for Kosta to enter a new school. Due to his recognition as a gestating artist, Kosta was selected to attend a distant and more prestigious school, the school of the Stravopol Lyceum. This school was one of great color, and was in a region of Russian significance, the later place where Mikhail Gorbachev cut his teeth. Kosta's remarkable facility with brush and pen was apprehended and remarked upon by the Russian drawing master Smirnov, who was not related to the beverage.
It was now that a crossroads arose. Kosta had a disagreement with father Khetagurov about the direction of his future efforts. The father was convinced that the proper life for Kosta was that of a soldier. As a result, the father informed Kosta of the many patriotic benefits and opportunities for the fighting man. Kosta, however, rebutted this argument strongly that he was not interested in fighting opportunities. There was some back and forth on this matter. Eventually, Kosta won out, though it is not known whether this was done by reconciling or by scorning father Khetagurov. The mind made up, in 1881 Kosta entered the Academy of Arts in Petersburg. There, the din and hubbub surrounding Kosta's work raised the expectations even higher. There was a widespread thought that Kosta would become an artist for life.
A double-edged sword struck the poor Kosta, however, as he found his stipend suddenly removed from his life. The stipend has been up to this point in the story a form of deep reliance by Kosta, and he struggled to maintain himself without it. There were trials of the spirit as the many hours of work stockpiled. There were trials of the body as Kosta was forced to undertake laborious activities in pursuit of sustenance. Still, one end did not meet the other. In these dark times Kosta was buffeted by an impossible situation. He had no choice but to throw the towel in and return to Nar. Why was the stipend taken from Kosta? It is a fact unknown, but at least one author speculates it was due to the political divisions that were becoming rife in Russia.
Painting period.
Although Kosta was partially unschooled, his paintings were still formidable. This allowed Kosta to live for a time from commissions of his skills. To much herald and trumpet there was a great exhibition of his work soon into this period. The exhibition was considered a cultural moment of note in [Vladikavkaz]. There are contemporary accounts that the exhibition was a great coup, both for the reputation and for the funding of Kosta. There are three paintings of especial noteworthiness described in the accounts as the opus of the master: "Children Stone-breakers", "In an Ossetian Hut", "The Zikara Pass". There is an account of the verisimilitude of the painting "St.Nina", which upon display caused crowds to gather round and peer closely.It is said that these assembled throngs asked a custodial worker to let them unto a rope and poke the canvass to assure that it was a flat expanse and not a box with a statue contained. Indeed, the painting is still held in high esteem today. There was then the conundrum in that a paying opportunity presented itself, but only that of the rude painter of theatrical backdrops. This construction of scenes was lucrative but Kosta was displeased that the theaters advertised his presence so widely. He did not wish his name to become associated with that more crass form of painting.
Marriage.
It is not known if Kosta married at this time or not. There are some who say yes, others who say no. In fact, there is a great dearth of common information about many details of Kosta's personal life.
The National Poet Emerges.
The early rate of painting was vast—some mourn that this rate did not maintain itself. However, it is said that when Kosta returned to the house of Nar it was as if a great stone had been placed on his paint brush. The interests of Kosta migrated away from the paint. At first, despite the "dreary situation" that alarmed Kosta, painting was still attempted, but with a subplot of unhappiness. Other attempts of the pen began to supplant the painting. Many say this was "the birth of a great poet." Kosta is also unlike others in that he wrote in both Ossetian and Russian. The first book of Kosta, the collection of the early poems, was a Russian effort. The main influence on Kosta is identified to be the current that permeated Russia, the revolutionary and democratic spirit now sleeping but soon to rise like a burning sun. Kosta's work was unerringly popular, seeking to point to the suffering of the ordinary at every turn.
The patriotism which the Kosta father tried so hard to drill into the young Kosta is also apparent. Patriotism is scattered left and right in the early works. The degree of patriotism culminates in "The Ossetian Lyre." This book was published in 1899 for the first time. Ever since this date the Ossetian Lyre has been among the most cherished of Ossetian books. The amount of cherishing exhibited by the people is seemingly greater all the time, this is remarkable. There are Kosta songs, Kosta sayings and wisdom, Kosta slogans and more in Ossetia.
One popular poem that has been translated to English is called "Mother of Orphans". An excerpt is included as an example of the Kosta subject matter, but the translation does not convey the skill of the verse.
"And while dark and dismal &lt;br&gt;
Still the ashes glowed, &lt;br&gt;
She could not with weeping &lt;br&gt;
Ease her heart's dire load.
Then she told the children:&lt;br&gt;
"See, I'm boiling beans!" &lt;br&gt;
Really she was cooking &lt;br&gt;
Pebbles for her weans."
Interpretation of the above is given: A fire of not enough warmth and light is in the house. Crying is found to be not enough for the heart to unloose its great emotions. Instead, there is no place for the emotion. The children are also dissatisfied. As a bit of backdrop, it is clear in the original Ossetian poem that the children are orphans. Additionally, the woman is a widow. This is a theme of the poem, wherein the woman is later chiding of the man for dying in a rock fall and leaving the others behind. This may be difficult for different cultures to contemplate if they have the aid for widows and orphans, but at the time there was not. Then, a deception occurs, wherein the children are coaxed to sleep by promise of later food, but such food is not to come. Instead the pot has boiling rocks.
First exile.
To think of Kosta as no more than a painter and poet is misleading. He was standout public figure, fond of publicity, popular as an actor, and he very loudly opposed every unjust movement which he perceived to be occurring. Now, this would be accepted and thanked. It is easy to imagine, however, that the Czars were not fond of this trouble bringing artist. Those who were about strictures and maintaining the past traditions were upset with him, and a series of escalations in angry officials resulted in Kosta's first banishment. In 1895 Kosta was forcibly packed up and forced to leave immediately from the region of Terek without returning. This was of some difficulty for Kosta, but not too great, as he had a ready dwelling available in Stavropol. Unsatisfied with remaining in this boyish haunt that he remembered so well, eventually the Kosta home was moved to Pyatigorsk.
To this time, Kosta had written:
"I've known no happiness, but I'd &lt;br&gt;
give my freedom &lt;br&gt;
Which I am used, like happiness,&lt;br&gt;
to prize,&lt;br&gt;
If I might pave one step the way&lt;br&gt;
to freedom, &lt;br&gt;
That road which waiting for the&lt;br&gt;
people lies."
Second exile.
Kosta remained without rest, regardless of where he moved himself. Kosta made himself an enemy of the Czar policies, and spoke forcibly against them once more. The Czar's underlings struck back, and in retribution for the trouble Kosta was exiled for the second time in the length of fice years, now to Kherson. This occurred 1899. Although the first exile was of moderate annoyance it could be taken by Kosta in stride and not too affecting of his work. The second of the exiles, however, seemed to drain from Kosta the essential spirits and job required to be the great artist. Without the spirits there was great sickness and despair. His work of the time has the quality of sickness:
"Glorious sunlight strikes my forehead &lt;br&gt;
Warmly wafting voluptuous vapors of rippled &lt;br&gt;
Nostalgia, tears appear in my ears, my &lt;br&gt;
Hearing senses sorrowful drops of love outside. &lt;br&gt;
I wish to move, to shake the bars, for &lt;br&gt;
Within these still walls the devil himself hides."
It was because of such great sickness that Kosta was finally allowed back to his home, in the year 1901. Friends who had not seen Kosta for two years could swear that he left as a delighted soul and he came back looking like old father Kosta before he died. Kosta was ill with serious symptom and it looked to be, in quite a correct thought, that Kosta had not too much more time in life.
Death.
Before the Death of Kosta it is said he wrote:
"...the dawn is breaking, &lt;br&gt;
the sun is gleaming on the bay-&lt;br&gt;
onets".
This clever word is a prophetic view that there was to be a new day, and new change, and with it would come death. It is both a prophecy of Kosta's death and a prophecy of the First World War which was to come in ten years. Kosta was sick and lingering for many years, then he died in the year of 1906.
Philosophy.
There are poetic similarities between poets. There is a brand of poetry that is about the ordinary and good among the people. Kosta is in this brand. Similarly branded in philosophy are considered Mikhail Lermontov, Nikolai Nekrasov, Robert Burns, Taras Shevchenko according to those who know the poets.
Themes in common in this philosophy are those of social and justice concerns. There is emphasis on truth and progress of man, a them of what is called "humanism" in his efforts. He writes:
"To the truths radiance&lt;br&gt;
Boldly go treading. &lt;br&gt;
Cowards and lay-abouts,&lt;br&gt;
Clear off, no meddling!"
There is a constant theme in the work of Kosta that plays to the gap between the money and life enjoyed by the rich, and the money and life enjoyed by the poor. Kosta spent many harsh and unforgiving phrases on the people who were well off and rich at the expense of others. Even the rich who were not possessing their money from other peoples misfortunes felt the sting of Kosta's pen.
To the people "who eat well and are happy" there comes this translation, not expertly rendered due to difficulty of the script:
"Your happiness -I don't require it –&lt;br&gt;
No happiness for the people&lt;br&gt;
there...&lt;br&gt;
In brilliant mansions I'm expiring, &lt;br&gt;
Fainting and blinded by their&lt;br&gt;
glare... &lt;br&gt;
For ages built by slavedom tor-&lt;br&gt;
tured, &lt;br&gt;
In them the groans of orphans&lt;br&gt;
choke, &lt;br&gt;
In them the wine with tears is wa-&lt;br&gt;
tered-&lt;br&gt;
No, by yourselves enjoy good&lt;br&gt;
fortune, &lt;br&gt;
Where so unfortunate is the folk!"
There has been much talk of the patriotism of the poet Kosta. True, the significance of Kosta is most felt in Ossetia and not too many places outside. But, at the time he was a man who people had knowledge of around the world. Kosta, too, had knowledge of those who knew him elsewhere. Therefore, to call Kosta a regional poet is not fully accurate. The Caucasus mountains have sung Kosta's praises across many national borders. One example of Kosta's international poetry follows:
"The world is my temple,&lt;br&gt;
The Love is my shrine,&lt;br&gt;
The universe is my homeland"
As for the roots of this philosophy, it is the current of revolutionary thought that was boiling in the Russian lands. These voices talked to Kosta throughout his development. Yet, nor is Kosta a solely Russian poet by far. The aspects of the Ossetian culture and traditions are so strong in the poetry of Kosta and so embedded in his philosophy that it is no surprise that Kosta is so revered in Ossetia.
Legacy.
To quote the Soviet poet of esteem Nikolai Tikhonov, Kosta "became an asset for progressive thought, the foremost art and the vanguard of mankind" and "he joined by right the great family of world classical writers".
Wrote one historian, "Kosta's influence on forming the Ossetian mentality is immense, and we believe that his beneficial moral power will be everlasting."
The poems and other works of Kosta are still available for purchase and in many languages as well. They are in libraries and book stores and on the internet in these many languages.
Another fact of noteworthiness is that today Ossetia is known as a place of great arts and culture, with large thanks to Kosta. To reflect this, one of the three universities of Ossetia, has the name Kosta Khetagurov upon it.
Statue.
There have now been many statues of Kosta put up across the region. A more recent and impressive statue is the one in Vladikavkaz. This enduring stone shaft once projected a great enduring legacy of Kosta. There is a sign upon it that can be read, "To Kosta Khetagurov, the founder of Ossetian literature - from the government of the Soviet Union."

</doc>
<doc id="6964694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964694" title="The Politics of Starving">
The Politics of Starving



</doc>
<doc id="6964695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964695" title="Central Bucks High School East">
Central Bucks High School East

Central Bucks High School East is a public high school serving students in tenth through twelfth grades, one of three high schools in the Central Bucks School District. The school is located in Buckingham, Pennsylvania in Bucks County, adjacent to Holicong Middle School. Its sister schools are Central Bucks High School West and Central Bucks High School South and its feeder schools are Holicong Middle School and Tohickon Middle School. Central Bucks High School East is commonly referred to as CB East or "East."
As of the 2022–23 school year, the school had an enrollment of 1,365 students and 90.31 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 15:1. There were 89 students (6.5% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 6 (0.4% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Overview.
CB East has two feeder middle schools: Holicong Middle School, and a portion of Tohickon Middle School. Prior to the building of Central Bucks High School South, portions of Tamanend Middle School was also a feeder school. CB East has a student population of 1,528, making it the second largest high school in the Central Bucks School District. The school's students follow a block scheduling system in which students take 83-minute classes for one semester, or half of each school year.
The curriculum includes eighteen Advanced Placement courses and honors courses in most disciplines. U.S.News magazine designated Central Bucks High School East as one of the best high schools in the nation. The school has consistently held a 99% graduation rate, with 90% of graduates choosing to further their education. Central Bucks East is also a National Blue Ribbon School of Excellence.
CB East has undergone several additions and renovations since it was opened in 1969. Just a few years after opening, the school faced overcrowding and a two-story addition was constructed that featured "open space" concept classrooms. In 1997 a new wing of classrooms, a new auxiliary gym, and a new, larger library were added. In 2010 the school, now over 40 years old, began a multimillion-dollar addition and renovation project that would encompass the entire school and take several years to complete. The project included the addition of a new science and technology wing with 14 science labs, several computer labs, and a large filming studio. The main lobby was expanded into a two-story atrium, and almost every space in the building received new flooring, modern, efficient lighting with occupancy sensors, and new Smart Board projection systems. The project was completed in 2013. In 2015, the school's Athletic Facility was reconstructed, consisting of a new football Stadium and bleachers for the East Patriots Team, as well as a new track field and tennis courts. Beginning in the 2019–2020 school year, after a successful pilot at Holicong Middle School, all sophomores and juniors received laptops as a part of the district’s 1:1 initiative for use in the classroom.
Athletics.
Central Bucks East offers the following sports teams:
Girls:
Basketball, Cheerleading, Cross Country, Field Hockey, Lacrosse, Soccer, Softball, Swimming/Diving, Tennis, Track (winter and spring), Ultimate Frisbee, Volleyball.
Boys:
Football, Baseball, Basketball, Cross Country, Golf, Lacrosse, Soccer, Swimming/Diving, Track (winter and spring), Tennis, Ultimate Frisbee, Volleyball, Wrestling.

</doc>
<doc id="6964698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964698" title="C4ISRNET">
C4ISRNET

C4ISRNET (previously "C4ISR", or "C4ISR: The Journal of Net-Centric Warfare") is a publication covering emerging issues and trends in global military transformation and network centric warfare technologies, products and services for federal government managers, defense, and industry. It is published nine times per year.
"C4ISRNET" was established in 2002. The magazine is published by Sightline Media Group, which was a part of Gannett Company (NYSE:GCI). 
As part of the spinoff of digital and broadcasting properties in 2015, Gannett spun off these properties to Tegna. In March 2016, Tegna sold Sightline Media Group to Regent, a Los Angeles–based private equity firm controlled by investor Michael Reinstein.
"C4ISRNET"'s headquarters is in Tysons, Virginia.
The 16th annual "C4ISRNET" Conference was on May 3, 2017, at the Renaissance Arlington Capital View.

</doc>
<doc id="6964699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964699" title="Asystasia bojeriana">
Asystasia bojeriana



</doc>
<doc id="6964701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964701" title="The Post-Journal">
The Post-Journal

The Post-Journal is a daily newspaper, serving the area around Jamestown, New York. The current editor of the paper is John Whittaker. It is owned by Ogden Newspapers Inc. and is billed as "southwestern New York's leading newspaper" with a circulation of over 10,000 newspapers. The morning newspaper is published six days a week, with the Saturday edition branded as the "Weekender"; a Sunday edition was launched in the early 1990s but was discontinued in 2019.
Its nearby sister publications include the "Warren Times-Observer" and the "Dunkirk Observer".
On March 13, 2014, the entirety of the newspaper's Web site was placed behind a paywall. The paywall was removed November 1, 2016. The site had previously been behind a paywall for most of the early 2000s but that paywall was also removed.
The Jamestown Journal (weekly) was founded in 1796 by Adolphus B. Fletcher. The Jamestown Journal (daily) was founded by Fletcher in June 1826. In 1941, the Jamestown Evening Journal and Jamestown Post consolidated.

</doc>
<doc id="6964709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964709" title="We Laugh at Danger (And Break All the Rules)">
We Laugh at Danger (And Break All the Rules)



</doc>
<doc id="6964719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964719" title="River Calder, Cumbria">
River Calder, Cumbria

The River Calder is a river in Cumbria, England.
The river rises at Lankrigg Moss and flows southwards for through an ancient landscape, flowing under Monks Bridge (a packhorse bridge) and by the site of Calder Abbey, as well as several tumuli and other mysterious monuments. It also runs past and (indirectly) gives its name to Calder Hall, site of the world's first commercial nuclear reactor.
Near its mouth the river runs through the Sellafield nuclear site in an artificially straightened section before flowing into the Irish Sea at the same point as the River Ehen, just southwest of Sellafield.

</doc>
<doc id="6964720" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964720" title="Scream it Until You're Coughing Up Blood">
Scream it Until You're Coughing Up Blood



</doc>
<doc id="6964723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964723" title="Overexcitability">
Overexcitability

Overexcitability is a term introduced to current psychology by Kazimierz Dąbrowski as part of his theory of positive disintegration (TPD). Overexcitability is a rough translation of the Polish word 'nadpobudliwość', which is more accurately translated as 'superstimulatability' in English. “The prefix over attached to ‘excitability’ serves to indicate that the reactions of excitation are over and above average in intensity, duration and frequency."
In his book "Positive Disintegration", Dąbrowski uses the terms "hyperexcitability", "increased excitability", "overexcitability" and simply "excitability". He uses these terms interchangeably with nervousness.
Dąbrowski introduces these terms to describe a heightened physiological experience of stimuli resulting from increased neuronal sensitivities. He describes those who have hyperexcitability as showing "strength and perseveration of reactions incommensurate to their stimuli." Michael Piechowski noted that Dąbrowski used the term psychic overexcitability to "underline the enhancement and intensification of mental activity much beyond the ordinary".
Five forms.
There are five forms of overexcitability. These five forms are psychomotor, sensual, emotional, imaginational and intellectual.
Psychomotor: OE is a heightened excitability of the neuromuscular system. This manifests itself in a capacity for being active and energetic, a love of movement, a surplus of energy and an actual need for physical action.
Sensual: OE is an intensified experience of any type of sensual pleasure or displeasure emanating from one of the five senses, i.e. sight, smell, touch, taste, and hearing. It manifests as an increased appreciation of aesthetic pleasure such as music, language, and art, and delight from tastes, smells, textures, sounds, and sights. Conversely, extreme pain and disgust are experienced upon exposure to sensations perceived as unpleasant.
Intellectual: OE manifests itself as an extreme desire to seek understanding and truth, to gain knowledge, and to analyse and categorise information. Those high in Intellectual OE are commonly seen as intellectually gifted and have incredibly active minds. They are intensely curious, avid readers and keen observers. They frequently love thinking purely for the sake of thinking.
Imaginational: OE manifests as an intensified play of the imagination, causing a rich association of images, invention, fantasy, use of imagery and metaphor and elaborate dreams and visions. Often children high in Imaginational OE do not differentiate between truth and fiction, or are absorbed in their own private world with imaginary companions and dramatizations. 
Emotional: OE is characterised by heightened, intense feelings, extreme experience of complex emotions, identification with others' feelings to the point of actual experience and strong sentimental expression. Other indications include physical response to emotional stimuli such as stomachaches when nervous and obsessive concern with death and depression. Emotionally overexcitable people have a strong capacity for deep relationships; they show strong emotional attachments to people, places, and things. They are empathetic, compassionate and extremely sensitive.
According to Dąbrowski, a person who manifests any given form of overexcitability and especially one who manifests several forms of overexcitability sees reality in a different, stronger and more multisided manner.
Giftedness.
A small amount of definitive research has led to the belief that intensity, sensitivity and overexcitability are primary characteristics of the highly gifted. The association between OE and giftedness appears to be borne out in the research. It appears that at the least OE is a marker of potential for giftedness/creativity. Dąbrowski's basic message is that the gifted will disproportionately display this process of positive disintegration and personality growth. The term "overexcitability" was popularized in the gifted education community by Michael M. Piechowski and Susan Daniels and Michael M. Piechowski, who edited "Living with Intensity". While this theory has been commonly accepted, alternate research disputes the concept of overexcitabilities and suggests that the five-factor model of personality, specifically openness to experience, better explains these heightened behaviors. 
See also.
Sensory processing sensitivity

</doc>
<doc id="6964726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964726" title="Baby, I'm an Anarchist!">
Baby, I'm an Anarchist!



</doc>
<doc id="6964727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964727" title="Robert Weiner Jr.">
Robert Weiner Jr.

Robert Weiner Jr. (born February 22, 1982) is an international water polo player from the United States, who played for the University of Southern California from 2000 to 2003, and at Newport Harbor High School from 1996 to 1999. As a High School senior he was an All-CIF player leading his team to the CIF Semi Finals and a 24–3 season record.
In 2003, Weiner was a member of the 2003 NCAA Men's Water Polo Championship team. Received 2003 USC Coaches Senior Award. At USC, he majored in International Relations with a minor in Global Communications. In 2014 he graduated with a Masters in Business Administration at USC.
Also played in the Australian National Water Polo League for the UNSW Wests Magpies (2005) and in the Spanish Water Polo League for La Latina in Madrid (2003).
References.
2000 Trojan Water Polo Season Outlook

</doc>
<doc id="6964735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964735" title="Eight Full Hours of Sleep">
Eight Full Hours of Sleep



</doc>
<doc id="6964742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964742" title="Let's Get Married (Jagged Edge song)">
Let's Get Married (Jagged Edge song)

"Let's Get Married" is a song by American contemporary R&amp;B group Jagged Edge from their second studio album, "J.E. Heartbreak" (1999). Released on April 11, 2000, the song spent three weeks atop the US "Billboard" Hot R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Singles &amp; Tracks chart in 2000 and reached number 11 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. In 2001, the song was issued in Australia as a double A-side with "Promise" and reached number two on the Australian Singles Chart. The music video features Fredro Starr and Kent Masters-King as the fictional couple deciding on whether they should get married or not.
The song's official remix features DJ Run of Run-D.M.C. and samples the group's debut single "It's Like That". The official video for the remix was directed by Tim Story and Bryan Barber. The group performed the single at the kayfabe wedding of Theodore Long and Kristal Marshall on the September 21, 2007, episode of WWE Friday Night SmackDown. Another "Reception" remix was produced by Kanye West and samples Hall &amp; Oates' song "Grounds for Separation".
Track listings.
US maxi-CD single
European CD single
Australian CD single

</doc>
<doc id="6964744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964744" title="SU Agen Lot et Garonne">
SU Agen Lot et Garonne



</doc>
<doc id="6964745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964745" title="Mangle (comics)">
Mangle (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6964747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6964747" title="Gil Braltar">
Gil Braltar

Gil Braltar is a satirical short story by French author Jules Verne. It was first published together with "The Flight to France" as a part of the "Extraordinary Voyages" series in 1887.
The story is set in Gibraltar. A Spanish man named Gil Braltar dresses up as a barbary macaque and becomes leader of a group of barbary macaques living there. He incites attack on a fortress in Gibraltar. The attack, initially successful, is foiled by a British general. This general is so ugly that the monkeys believe he was one of them and obey him when he leads them out. Verne's conclusion is that in the future only the ugliest generals will be sent to Gibraltar to keep the territory in British hands.

</doc>
