<doc id="6918314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918314" title="Open Source Judaism">
Open Source Judaism

Open-source Judaism is a name given to initiatives within the Jewish community employing open content and open-source licensing strategies for collaboratively creating and sharing works about or inspired by Judaism. Open-source efforts in Judaism utilize licensing strategies by which contemporary products of Jewish culture under copyright may be adopted, adapted, and redistributed with credit and attribution to the creators of these works. Often collaborative, these efforts are comparable to those of other open-source religious initiatives inspired by the free culture movement to openly share and broadly disseminate seminal texts and techniques under the aegis of copyright law. Combined, these initiatives describe an open-source movement in Judaism that values correct attribution of sources, creative sharing in an intellectual commons, adaptable future-proof technologies, open technological standards, open access to primary and secondary sources and their translations, and personal autonomy in the study and craft of works of Torah.
Sharing Torah in Rabbinic Judaism.
Unencumbered access to educational resources, the importance of attribution, and limiting proprietary claims on intellectual property, are all matters common to open-source, the free culture movement, and rabbinic Judaism. Open-source Judaism concerns itself with whether works of Jewish culture are shared in accord with Jewish teachings concerning proper stewardship of the Commons and civic responsibilities of property ownership.
The rhetorical virtue of "parrhesia" appears in Midrashic literature as a condition for the transmission of Torah. Connoting open and public communication, "parrhesia" appears in combination with the term, δῆμος ("dimus", short for "dimosia"), translated "coram publica", in the public eye, i.e. open to the public As a mode of communication it is repeatedly described in terms analogous to a Commons. "Parrhesia" is closely associated with an ownerless wilderness of primary mytho-geographic import, the "Midbar Sinai" in which the Torah was initially received. The dissemination of Torah thus depends on its teachers cultivating a nature which is as open, ownerless, and sharing as that wilderness. Here is the text from the Mekhilta where the term "dimus parrhesia" appears (see bolded text).
Moreover, the place in which the story of the Torah's revelation occurred becomes analogous to the personal virtue that a student and teacher of Torah must cultivate in oneself. In the midrashic work, Bamidbar Rabbah (1:7), an exegesis based on the phonetic similarities between the name "Sinai", and the word "she'eino" meaning "that is not," is offered:
The question of whether "ḥidushei torah" (innovative teachings in torah), Jewish liturgy, and derivative and related work are in some sense proprietary is subordinate to the importance given to preserving the lineage of a teaching. According to a mishnaic teaching of Rabbi Yehoshua ben Levi, the 48th attribute of an excellent student is their capability in citing a teaching in the name of the one they learned it from.
The question of whether new works of Torah learning are given the status of property is a question born of the commodification of printed works, competition, and prestige in modernity. In their academic article "Is Copyright Property? – The Debate in Jewish Law," Neil Netanel and David Nimmer explain that,
According to rabbinic Jewish teaching, the primary sin committed by the people of Sodom was their insistence on the absolute primacy of property, declaring that "what is mine is mine and what is yours is yours."
What is akin to copyright in Jewish law in part derives from exclusive printing privileges that rabbinic authorities have issued since the invention of the printing press and date back to 1518. These privileges typically give the publisher the exclusive right to print the book for a period of ten to twenty years or until the first edition has been sold (i.e., after the author or heirs have recovered their investment). According to the minority position of Rabbi Joseph Saul Nathanson (1808–1875), a copyright is itself a property right arising out of the right of ownership. However, according to the majority position of Rabbi Yitzhak Schmelkes, "the author’s exclusive right to publish a manuscript and sell a first edition flows not from a proprietary copyright in the text, but only from the Jewish law of unfair competition or from the author’s right to condition access and use of the physical chattel, the manuscript, in which the author holds a property right." Ultimately, determination on the legal treatment of works of Jewish liturgy and "ḥidushei torah" depend upon a basic facet of rabbinic Jewish law: "dinah malkhuta dina"—the law of the land is (accorded to the status of) the Law. Under United States copyright law, for instance, all newly created "creative" works are considered as intellectual property and afforded proprietary property rights that restrict adaptation and redistribution of the works by others without explicit permission granted by the copyright owner.
To establish a community based instead on "ḥesed" (lovingkindness), the custom has long been for individuals to share or provide others with personal possessions as needed. The institution of the G'MaḤ provided a practical example for the sharing of books, tools, and services. The ideal of contributing to or forming one's own G'MaḤ was popularized by Rabbi Yisrael Meir Kagan (1838-1933), who addressed many halakhic questions about the practice and lauded the spiritual benefits of lending property in chapter 22 of his work, "Ahavat Ḥesed" ("Loving Loving-kindness", 1888): "[Lending property] stems from compassion and constitutes a mitzvah, as ḤaZa"L have pointed out: ""tzedaka" is performed with one's money; "ḥesed" with one's money and one's self." Rashi explains "ḥesed" here to mean the lending of money, chattel (personal property), livestock—all being included in the "mitzvah"."
Free–libre and open-source software.
Prior to the coinage and adoption of the term "Open Source" in 1998, several Jewish computer scientists, typographers, and linguists developed free software of interest to Jews, students of Judaism, and readers of Hebrew. "Free software" (not to be confused with freeware) is software shared under a free license (such as the GPL), where the definition of "free" is maintained by freedomdefined.org.
Much of the development of free and open-source software was developed by Israeli computer scientists and programmers for the display, analysis, and manipulation of Hebrew text. This development has been celebrated by Hamakor a secular organization founded in 2003 to promote free and open-source software in Israel.
Calendar calculus.
The earliest example of free software written for Jews may be the calendar code in GNU Emacs developed by Nachum Dershowitz and Edward Reingold in 1988, which included a Jewish calendar. This calendar code was further adapted by Danny Sadinoff in 1992 as hebcal. Such software provided a proof-of-concept for the utility of Open Source for innovating interesting and useful software for the Jewish and Hebrew speaking community. In 2005, the LGPL licensed Zmanim Project was begun by Eliyahu Hershfeld (Kosher Java) to maintain open-source software and code libraries for calculating zmanim, specific times of the day with applications in Jewish law.
Morphological analysis.
In 2000, Israeli linguists Nadav Har'El and Dan Kenigsberg began development of an open-source Hebrew morphological analyzer and spell-checking program, Hspell (official website). In 2004, Kobi Zamir created a GUI for Hspell. The Culmus Project developed Nakdan, a semi-automatic diacritics tool based on Wiktionary for use with Open Office and LibreOffice. As of 2020, all Hspell terms and their morphological analyses are available on Wikidata.
Digital typography.
In September 2002, Maxim Iorsh publicly released v.0.6 of Culmus, a package of Unicode Hebrew digital fonts licensed under the GPL, free software license. These and other fonts shared with SIL-OFL and GPL+FE licenses, provided the basic means for displaying Hebrew text on and offline in documents shared with Open Content licenses and in software shared with non-conflicting open-source licenses.
Canonical Jewish and liturgical texts (and some modern Hebrew poetry) depend upon diacritics for vocalization of Hebrew. Upon the introduction of the Unicode 4.0 standard in 2003, the Culmus Project, SIL, and other open-source typographers were able to begin producing digital fonts supporting the full range of Hebrew diacritics. By 2008, several open-source licensed fonts supporting Hebrew diacritics were available including Ezra (SIL NRSI Team), Cardo (David J. Perry, Fonts for Scholars), and Keter YG (Yoram Gnat, Culmus). The Open Siddur Project maintains a comprehensive archive of Unicode Hebrew fonts organized by license, typographer, style, and diacritical support.
Complex text layout.
Throughout the 2000s, the display and rendering of Hebrew with diacritics improved with support of complex text layouts, bidirectional text, and right-to-left (RTL) positioned text in most popular open-source web browsers (e.g., Mozilla Firefox, Chromium), text editors (LibreOffice, OpenOffice), and graphic editors (GIMP). Improved support is still needed, especially in open-source text layout/design applications utilizing text (e.g., Inkscape, LyX, and Scribus).
Hebrew script OCR.
In 2005, Kobi Zamir, began development of the first Hebrew OCR to recognize Hebrew diacritics, hOCR, released open-source under the GPL. A GUI, qhOCR soon followed. By 2010, development on hOCR had stalled; legacy code is available on Github. In 2012, researchers at Ben-Gurion University began training the open-source Tesseract-OCR to read Hebrew with niqud. Meanwhile, open-source OCR software supporting other Jewish languages written in Hebrew script is in development, namely, Jochre for Yiddish, being developed by Assaf Urieli. Urieli explains the difficulty of supporting Hebrew with diacritics in OCR software:
"Open Source Judaism".
The term "Open Source Judaism" first appeared in Douglas Rushkoff's book "Nothing Sacred: The Truth about Judaism" (2003). Rushkoff employed the term "Open Source" for Judaism in describing a democratic organizational model for collaborating in a commonly held religio-cultural source code: the Oral and Written Torah. Rushkoff conceived of Judaism as essentially an open-source religion which he understood as, "the contention that religion is not a pre-existing truth but an ongoing project. It may be divinely inspired, but it is a creation of human beings working together. A collaboration." For Rushkoff, Open Source offered the promise of enacting change through a new culture of collaboration and improved access to sources. "Anyone who wants to do Judaism should have access to Judaism. Judaism is not just something that you do, it's something you enact. You've got to learn the code in order to alter it."
Rushkoff's vision of an Open Source Judaism was comparable to some other expressions of open-source religion explicitly advocating for doctrinal reform or change in practice. As an expression of Open Source Judaism, in 2002 Rushkoff founded a movement called Reboot. "The object of the game, for me, was to recontextualize Judaism as an entirely Open Source proposition." (Rushkoff subsequently left Reboot when he felt its funders had become more concerned with marketing and publicity of Judaism than its actual improvement and evolution.)
Early confusion over the means by which "open-source" projects collaborate, led some Jewish social entrepreneurs inspired by Rushkoff's idea to develop their work without indicating a license, publicly sharing code, or attributing content. Others offered "Open Source" as a model to be emulated but expressed no understanding of the role open-source licensing played in open-source collaboration and no opinion as to what role said licenses might serve for an Open Source Judaism. Many advocates for the adoption of Open Source in Judaism now work to clarify the meaning of "open" and "free," and to convince projects soliciting user-generated content to adopt free-culture compatible Open Content licensing.
Instead of rallying around Open Source as a means towards religious reform as Rushkoff suggested, other open-source Jewish projects strive to present their work as non-denominational and non-prescriptive. They see free-culture and open-source licensing as a practical means towards preserving culture, improving participation, and supporting educational objectives in an era of shifting media formats and copyright restrictions. In an interview with the Atlantic Magazine, the founder of the open-source Open Siddur Project, Aharon Varady, explained,
Open source offered a licensing strategy that could be employed for helping a community of users remix user-generated content such as translations of liturgy in the preparation of new prayerbooks, or for anyone to simply access Jewish content that could be redistributed with attribution and without fear of copyright infringement. The three non-conflicting "free" licenses by the free-culture advocacy group, Creative Commons (CC0, CC BY, and CC BY-SA), provided the basis of this strategy. By 2012, Dr. Dan Mendelsohn Aviv observed that,
Open content projects.
Although a work of radical 1960s Jewish counterculture rather than an explicitly religious work, the satirical songbook "Listen to the mocking bird" (Times Change Press, 1971) by the Fugs' Naphtali "Tuli" Kupferberg contains the earliest explicit mention of "copyleft" in a copyright disclaimer.
While digital editions of biblical and rabbinic Jewish sourcetexts proliferated on the World Wide Web by the mid-2000s, many of these lacked information as to the provenance of their digital texts. Common Torah database applications such as the Bar-Ilan Responsa Project and Hebrew text editing software such as Davka Corps. DavkaWriter, relied upon end-user license agreements explicitly forbidding the copy of included texts despite these texts residing in the Public Domain. Other websites, such as Mechon Mamre, presented public domain texts but indicated that the digital editions they presented were Copyrighted works, "All Rights Reserved." Many scholarly databases containing transcriptions of manuscripts and digital image collections of scanned manuscripts (e.g. hebrewbooks.org) lacked open access policies. In 1999, the Hebrew equivalent of Project Gutenberg, Project Ben Yehudah, was established in Israel as a digital repository of Hebrew literature in the Public Domain (excepting religious texts). The limited scope of Project Ben Yehuda presented a need for another platform to be used for editing, proofreading and formatting religious Jewish texts in Hebrew under a free license in a collaborative environment.
Open Content licensing and Public Domain dedications provide the basis for open collaboration and content sharing across open-source projects of particular interest to Hebrew readers and students of Judaism. The importance of compatible licensing cannot be understated. In the summer of 2009, content across the Wikimedia Foundation adopted new Open Content licensing in response to incompatibilities between the GNU Free Document license and the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike (CC BY-SA) copyleft license. After this, other non-Wikimedia Foundation projects using Open Content licensing were finally able to exchange content with Wikipedia and Wikisource under a common standard copyleft. This license transition was also significant because Wikisource provided a transcription environment available for multi-user collaboration. With the switch to an Open Content copyleft license, users could collaborate on transcriptions at Wikisource without concern for license incompatibility of the resulting digital editions.
Torah databases and the digital humanities.
Inside and outside the Jewish community, digital humanities projects often developed by scholars in academic institutions and theological seminaries, provided the basis for later open-source initiatives. The Westminster Leningrad Codex, a digital transcription of the Leningrad Codex maintained by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research at the Westminster Theological Seminary was based on the Michigan-Claremont-Westminster Electronic Text of Biblia Hebraica Stuttgartensia (1983) and shared with a Public Domain dedication.
Hebrew Wikisource was created in 2004 to provide a free and openly licensed home for what is known in Israel as the "Traditional Jewish Bookshelf," thus filling the need left by Project Ben Yehudah. The digital library at Hebrew Wikisource consists not just of texts that have been typed and proofread, but also hundreds of texts that have been punctuated and formatted (as a means of making them accessible to modern readers), texts are linked in tens of thousands of places to sources and parallel literature (as a well of facilitating the conversation between generations that is a feature of the traditional bookshelf), texts that have collaboratively produced commentaries (such as the Mishnah), and texts that have been corrected in new editions based on manuscripts and early versions. While Hebrew Wikisource is open to all texts in Hebrew, and not just to Judaica, it has primarily focused on the latter because the vast majority of public domain Hebrew texts are rabbinic ones. Hebrew Wikisource was the first independent language-domain of Wikisource. In 2009, Yiddish Wikisource was created.
In 2013, Dr. Seth (Avi) Kadish and a small team completed a carefully corrected draft of a new digital experimental edition of the Tanakh at Hebrew Wikisource, "Miqra `al pi ha-Mesorah", based on the Aleppo Codex and related manuscripts, and consulting the full range of masoretic scholarship.
In 2010, Moshe Wagner began work on a cross-platform Torah database called Orayta. Source code is licensed GPL and copyrighted content is licensed CC BY.
In 2012, Joshua Foer and Brett Lockspeiser began work on developing a free-culture licensed digital library of canonical Jewish sources and a web application for generating "sourcesheets" (handouts with a sequence of primary sources for study and discussion) from this repository. The Sefaria Project organizes the translation of essential works of rabbinic Judaism, such as the Mishnah, and seeks English translations of many other seminal texts. The project mostly uses a combination of CC BY and CC0 licenses to share its digital library and foster collaboration of its paid and volunteer contributors. Certain seminal works, notably the JPS 1985 and the Steinsaltz translation of the Talmud, are shared under restrictive Creative Commons licenses that do not conform to open-source principles.
Web-to-print publishing.
In August 2002, Aharon Varady proposed the creation of an "Open Siddur Project," a digital humanities project developing a database of Jewish liturgy and related work ("historic and contemporary, familiar and obscure") and a web-to-print application for users to contribute content and compile their own siddurim. All content in the database would be sourced from the Public Domain or else shared by copyright owners with Open Content licenses. Lack of available fonts supporting the full range of Hebrew diacritics in Unicode kept the idea from being immediately workable. The idea was revived on New Year's Eve December 2008 when Varady was introduced to Efraim Feinstein who was pursuing a similar goal. In the summer of 2009, the renewed project was publicly launched with the help of the PresenTense Institute, an incubator for social entrepreneurship. While the application remains in development, all code for the project is publicly shared on GitHub with an LGPL. Meanwhile, liturgy and related work is being shared at opensiddur.org with any one of the three Open Content licenses authored by the Creative Commons: the CC0 Public Domain dedication, the CC BY attribution license, and the CC BY-SA Attribution/ShareAlike license. The Open Siddur Project also maintains a package of open-source licensed Unicode Hebrew digital fonts collecting fonts from Culmus and other open-source font foundries. Wikisource is currently the transcription environment for digitizing printed Public Domain content by the Open Siddur Project.
Encyclopedic references.
In July 2004, was founded on English Wikipedia. The project helped incorporate from the Jewish Encyclopedia (1906), a reference work in the Public Domain, so that it would be shared and expanded upon under the terms adopted by the Wikimedia Foundation.
Other educational tools.
In 2011, Russel Neiss and Rabbi Charlie Schwartz were supported by the Jewish New Media Fund in building PocketTorah, a portable app for studying the chanting of the weekly Torah reading. Project funding subsidized recording of the entire Torah chanted according to the Ashkenazic custom. All recordings used in the software were shared with CC BY-SA licenses and contributed to the Internet Archive. All code for the app was shared with an LGPL.
Community support for Open Source Judaism.
Projects that are not funded through competitive grants are supported by a combination of volunteer contributions, small donations, and out-of-pocket expenses by project organizers. Hubs for social entrepreneurship and Jewish education have come to serve as meeting places for project organizers with complementary interests in Open Source and Open Content. In 2009, the PresenTense Institute in Jerusalem served as the meeting place for Aharon Varady (Open Siddur), Russel Neiss, and Rabbi Charlie Schwartz (PocketTorah). Another hub for Open Source in the Jewish world has been Mechon Hadar. The umbrella institution of the Halakhic Egalitarian yeshiva, Yeshivat Hadar, revised its copyright policy in November 2014 and began sharing its searchable database of sourcesheets, lectures, and audio recordings of Jewish melodies with a Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license. The institution has been a hub for open-source community initiatives. In 2009-2010, Mechon Hadar provided Aharon Varady with a community project grant for the Open Siddur Project. In April 2015, Aharon Varady and Marc Stober co-founded the Jewish Free Culture Society in order to better support new and existing projects in open-source Judaism and to represent the interests of open-source in the Jewish community.

</doc>
<doc id="6918321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918321" title="Radacinesti">
Radacinesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918328" title="Radeni">
Radeni



</doc>
<doc id="6918331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918331" title="Baldwin (mascot)">
Baldwin (mascot)



</doc>
<doc id="6918333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918333" title="Radu Voda">
Radu Voda



</doc>
<doc id="6918338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918338" title="Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix">
Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix

The Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix is a motorcycling event that is part of the FIM Grand Prix motorcycle racing season that takes place at Circuito de Jerez – Ángel Nieto outside Jerez de la Frontera in Andalusia. In addition to this event, three other World Championship motorcycling events take place in Spain as of the 2024 season: the Catalan motorcycle Grand Prix, the Aragon motorcycle Grand Prix and the Valencian Community motorcycle Grand Prix, in the autonomous communities of Catalonia, Aragon and Valencia respectively. Circuito de Jerez – Ángel Nieto is due to host three Grands Prix in 2022, 2023 and 2025.
Winners.
By year.
"A pink background indicates an event that was not part of the Grand Prix motorcycle racing championship."

</doc>
<doc id="6918341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918341" title="Radulesti">
Radulesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918343" title="Radutesti">
Radutesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918349" title="Ramesti">
Ramesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918353" title="Chris Tony Wolstenholme">
Chris Tony Wolstenholme



</doc>
<doc id="6918357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918357" title="Ramnicelu">
Ramnicelu



</doc>
<doc id="6918367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918367" title="A.D. San Carlos">
A.D. San Carlos

Asociación Deportiva San Carlos is a Costa Rican football team based in Ciudad Quesada, the capital of San Carlos, Alajuela. They currently play in the Costa Rican First Division. Their home stadium is Estadio Carlos Ugalde Álvarez.
History.
The club was founded on 9 May 1965, after local clubs "El Refugio" and "El Maravilla" merged to become "Selección de San Carlos" and won promotion to the Primera División in 1965. They were relegated in 1971 and stayed in the Second División until returning at the top level in 1978. In 2004 they were relegated again after 25 years in the Primera, staying in the second tier for another two years. In May 2006 they beat Cartagena in a promotion playoff final and from 2006 through 2013 they were in the Primera before descending once more in 2013. They returned to the top flight in 2016, after defeating A.S. Puma Generaleña 3–2 on aggregate in the Segunda División final. However, the next season they got relegated again.
In 2018, San Carlos defeated A.D.R. Jicaral 5–4 on aggregate in another playoff final (their 6th second tier title) to return to the Primera División. In 2019, the club got its first top flight title by defeating Deportivo Saprissa in the final on away goals (1-1 aggregate), to become the first northern Costa Rica team to become champions.
Current squad.
"As of 2 July, 2025"
Championship Clausura 2019.
List of players and coaching staff who won the Costa Rica First Division National Soccer Championship on 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="6918372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918372" title="Rascani">
Rascani



</doc>
<doc id="6918374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918374" title="What a Man (song)">
What a Man (song)

"What a Man" is a song written by Dave Crawford, and originally recorded for Stax Records' Volt imprint by Linda Lyndell, whose recording reached number 50 on the "Billboard" R&amp;B chart in 1968. The song was sampled and reinterpreted as "Whatta Man" in 1993 by the trio Salt-N-Pepa with En Vogue, which became a commercial success; reaching the top ten in Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and the United States. In 2011, German singer Lena Meyer-Landrut (credited as Lena) covered the song while retaining the original title and lyrics.
Early versions.
Linda Lyndell, a white singer who had been a supporting act with James Brown and Ike &amp; Tina Turner and then recommended to Stax Records by Otis Redding, recorded "What a Man". The song was essentially improvised by Lyndell, record producer Dave Crawford, and the Stax studio musicians in Memphis, Tennessee. It was released as a single in 1968 with the B-side track "I Don't Know"; both songs were credited to and produced by Dave Crawford. The single entered the "Billboard" Hot Rhythm &amp; Blues Singles chart on August 24, 1968, and then peaked at number 50. The record came to the attention of white supremacists in the Ku Klux Klan, who threatened Lyndell for associating with black musicians; as a result, she largely withdrew from the music business for the next 25 years.
Laura Lee covered the song, released in 1970 as a single by the Cotillion Records with "Separation Line" as the B-side track. Lee's version earned poor sales.
Salt-N-Pepa and En Vogue version.
Production.
In 1993, American hip hop trio Salt-N-Pepa recorded the song retitled "Whatta Man" for "Runaway Love", an EP by En Vogue, who is credited as the featured group. Hurby "Luv Bug" Azor wrote the rap lyrics and produced the version, with Cheryl James (Salt) also credited as one of the songwriters. Salt-N-Pepa sampled Lyndell's original recording and remade the song as a rap song.
En Vogue sings the refrain of the song; "Whatta man, whatta man, whatta mighty good man", while a pregnant Cindy Herron is featured only on background vocals. Lead vocals are performed by Dawn Robinson, and Maxine Jones on ad-libs during the later part of the song. "Whatta Man" was later featured on Salt-n-Pepa's 1993 album, "Very Necessary". The male vocals at the beginning of the song were performed by brothers Troy and John Mitchell of the rap group 3 Feet. The music video for the song was directed by Matthew Rolston.
Critical reception.
AllMusic editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine called the song "such a wonderful duet", noting that they deliver a song "so sexy it hurts". Larry Flick from "Billboard" wrote that the "fierce, ruling rap divas dip into their fine "Very Necessary" album and pull out this wickedly funky hip hop jam." He added further, "Loose and oh-so-appealing harmonies by En Vogue provide a kickin' framework for clever, lip-lickin' rhymes that melt into the track's butt-shaggin' beats. Destined to be an out-of-the-box smasheroo, single further benefits from Danny D's well-conceived remixes." James Earl Hardy from "Entertainment Weekly" felt in his review of En Vogue's EP, "Runaway Love", that the song "prove [that] these divas have more in common with the Emotions and the Sweet Inspirations than with the Supremes." Dave Sholin from the "Gavin Report" commented, "Whatta concept, pairing these goddesses of hip-hop with a killer track and some of the best lines heard in a long time. Though it was getting a healthy number of spins in several markets late last year, it's now starting to bust big." 
James Hamilton from "Music Week"'s "RM" Dance Update deemed it a "cooing gritty slow rap" in his weekly dance column. Ted Kessler from "NME" named it Unstoppable Hit Single of the Week, writing, "This takes En Vogue's "My Lovin'", puts it in a car, drives it off somewhere hot, sunny and sexy, slows it down, feeds it loads of funky guitar and sewns in some sassy rapping about how the ideal man treats Salt, Pepa and Spinderella." Gerald Martinez from "New Sunday Times" felt the song showed that En Vogue "can rap with the best of them." "People Magazine" described it as "R&amp;B-stoked". Sylvia Patterson from "Smash Hits" gave it two out of five. James Hunter from "Vibe" noted that En Vogue are "sounding proud as punch to play second fiddle, furnish Salt-N-Pepa with harmonic backdrops. It's a logical collaboration: En Vogue provide the sound of true romance that the rappers can better state than demonstrate."
Commercial performance.
"Whatta Man" was a major hit for Salt-N-Pepa and En Vogue, peaking at number three on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, number seven on the UK Singles Chart and number six on the UK Dance Singles Chart. In the US, this version was certified platinum. The song was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best R&amp;B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals and the American Music Award for Favorite Soul/R&amp;B Single. "Whatta Man" was ranked number 23 on VH1's countdown of the 100 Greatest Songs of the 1990s.
Lyrics analyses.
Richard Harrington of "The Washington Post" interprets the song as "a celebration of strong men who stay home and care for kids." Garth Baker-Fletcher, an Associate Professor of Religion from Texas College, interpreted the version's refrain as "praising a steady-thinking, family-values-yet-sexy man." Writer Keith Boykin described the song portion, "Although most men are hos / He flows on the down low / Cuz I never heard about him with another girl," as if "rather than praise his faithfulness, the artists appreciate his discretion, while tacitly acknowledging his cheating." Moreover, Boykin said that "another girl" refers to Salt-N-Pepa's considerations of "heterosexual infidelity" and as if "some women [...] were publicly excusing their men for their down low behavior."
Music videos.
A music video was released on the week ending January 2, 1994 to promote the single. Tupac Shakur and Treach from Naughty by Nature make cameo appearances. The video was directed by Matthew Rolston and filmed by cinematographer Derek M. Allen. "New York" magazine journalist Dinitia Smith wrote about the video: "Salt-N-Pepa a warmth and sexual heat that make Madonna seem contrived and mechanical."
Salt-n-Pepa later recorded a variation on their own, with slightly rewritten lyrics, for another music video as the one-time segment of "Monday Night Football". In the "Monday" music video, the two women wearing tight short-sleeved clothes, including T-shirts containing their respective logos of two opposing teams, are seen in a gym complimenting two football players of their respective teams, one white and one black, for the men's bodies and weight training efforts. In contrast, the lyrics of the "Monday Night Football" music video say that "their man 'likes pushin'[,] spends quality ball with the fellas,' and 'takes a big hit, 'cause he's a real man.'" According to academic Nick Trujillo of California State University, Sacramento, the rap song may associate hypermasculinity "with combat sports such as [American] football." He further said that the standard version has the women rather choose men who do not play football but are good parental candidates and are comfortable with their masculinities, while the "Monday" music video "not only objectifie[s] football players as sex objects but also reinforce[s] stereotypes of black men as sexual performers and white men as loving fathers."
Impact and legacy.
"NME" magazine ranked "Whatta Man" number 34 in their list of the "50 best songs of 1994". The music video won an award in the category for Urban/R&amp;B at the 1994 Music Video Production Awards in Los Angeles. "The Village Voice" ranked it number 99 in their list of "Top Singles of the 90's" in 1999. "Q" magazine featured the song in their list of "The 1010 Songs You Must Own" in 2004.
Other cover versions and uses.
The television show "Bill Nye the Science Guy" features "Whatta Brain", a parody of this song by En Vogue parody band En Lobe, in the episode "Brain". Australian rock band New Waver covered the song in 1994 and released their cover as a cassingle. Funny or Die released a version of this song with Bruno Mars singing and acting out various scenes.
The Disney rap album "Mickey Unrapped" features "Whatta Mouse", a parody of the song about Mickey Mouse. The song was also distributed at McDonald's locations in the UK in 1999 as part of an enhanced CD EP.
The original Linda Lyndell version of the song was also covered by German singer Lena Meyer-Landrut as the theme song to the 2011 German film "What a Man." It is featured on the Platinum edition her second studio album "Good News" and on the film soundtrack album. It was released on 2 September 2011 as CD single and Digital download in Germany, reaching number 21 on the German Singles Chart. A music video for the Lena version was released.
A sub-unit of South Korean girl group I.O.I from "Produce 101" sampled the hook of the Salt-N-Pepa version for their song "Whatta Man" which was released on August 9, 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="6918381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918381" title="Razoare">
Razoare



</doc>
<doc id="6918384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918384" title="Andrew Belcher (merchant, born 1706)">
Andrew Belcher (merchant, born 1706)

Andrew Belcher (1706–1771) was an American merchant who served on the Governor's Council of the Province of Massachusetts Bay from 1765 to 1767. Andrew married Elizabeth Teale and lived in Milton, Massachusetts. 
Belcher was born in 1706, probably in Milton. He attended Harvard College, graduating in 1724. From 1759 to 1764, he served in the provincial assembly, and he was named to the governor's council in 1765. He died in 1771.
A brother, Jonathan Belcher, served as Colonial Governor of Nova Scotia. Their father, also named Jonathan Belcher, was a colonial governor of Massachusetts, New Hampshire and New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="6918388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918388" title="Lince (armored car)">
Lince (armored car)

The Autoblindo Lince ("Lynx") was an Italian scout car used by the Italian Social Republic between 1943-1945 during World War II. The Lince was a copy of the British Daimler Dingo and was primarily used for reconnaissance. Armament consisted of a single Breda 38 8 mm machine gun. 392 vehicles were built, 263 by Lancia and 129 by Ansaldo. In German use it was designated the Panzerspähwagen Lince 202(i).

</doc>
<doc id="6918389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918389" title="Razoarele">
Razoarele



</doc>
<doc id="6918395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918395" title="Atherton Hall">
Atherton Hall

Atherton Hall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6918398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918398" title="Robesti">
Robesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918404" title="Romanesti">
Romanesti

Romanesti may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6918405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918405" title="Brian Earnshaw">
Brian Earnshaw

Brian Earnshaw (26 December 1929 – 15 February 2014) was a British author, known for his Dragonfall 5 series, illustrated by Simon Stern.
Biography.
Brian Earnshaw was born in Wrexham, Wales on 26 December 1929. He attended Pembroke College, Cambridge, where he read English. He then spent a number of years as a secondary school teacher in different locations in the UK. From 1964 until his retirement he was a lecturer in English Literature at St Paul's College, Cheltenham (a teacher training college with Bristol University qualifications). In 1982 he completed a doctorate at Warwick University with a thesis entitled 'Translations from German and their Reception in Britain 1760–1800'. After retiring, he moved to Bristol, and worked with Timothy Mowl on a range of books on British architectural and garden history. These sometimes appear with Earnshaw as Mowl's co-author, and sometimes with him in Mowl's acknowledgement as a researcher. He had a great love of botany and travel, and made extensive trips around Europe and elsewhere studying flowers, architecture, gardens and history. Earnshaw died on 15 February 2014, at the age of 84. His ashes were scattered in St Davids, Pembrokeshire.

</doc>
<doc id="6918410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918410" title="Cordia subcordata">
Cordia subcordata

Cordia subcordata is a species of flowering tree in the borage family. It can be found growing in eastern Africa, South Asia, Southeast Asia, northern Australia and the Pacific Islands including Hawaii. The plant is known by a variety of names, including kou, beach cordia, sea trumpet, and kerosene wood.
Description.
A mature kou tree grows to at maturity, but may be as tall as . It has ovate leaves that are and wide with short hairs on the upper surface.
Flowers and fruit.
Blooming occurs throughout the year, but most kou flowers are produced in the spring. Each kou flower is funnel- or tube-shaped long and in diameter, made of orange petals and pale green sepals that form cymes or panicles.
Kou trees produce fruit all year around. Their fruit are spherical long, brown, and woody when mature. Each fruit contains four or fewer seeds that are long. The fruit are buoyant and may be carried very far by ocean currents.
Distribution and habitat.
"C. subcordata" has a very wide range from the east coast of Africa east throughout tropical Asia and Oceania, as far as Hawaii. This distribution arose from the special characteristics of its fruit, which allowed successful oceanic dispersal. Prior to 2001, "C. subcordata" was considered to be a Polynesian introduction to Hawaii by many authorities, but subfossil evidence from Makauwahi Cave in Kauai indicates that it was an abundant species in Hawaiian lowland forests well before humans arrived, confirming its status as an indigenous species.
The species is found along coasts at elevations from sea level to that receive of annual rainfall. They prefer neutral to alkaline soils (pH of 6.1 to 7.4), such as those originating from basalt, limestone, clay, or sand. Allowable soil textures include sand, sandy loam, loam, sandy clay loam, sandy clay, clay loam, and clay. It can also grow on the margins of rocky shores and mangrove swamps.
Conservation.
Despite its very wide distribution, this species faces threats in parts of its range. During the late 19th century, herbivory by the kou moth ("Ethmia nigroapicella") nearly wiped out this species on the Hawaiian Islands. It is thought to be highly endangered in Sri Lanka, only persisting at a small number of sites that are under pressure from development. Logging of mature trees to create carvings for the tourism industry is also thought to be a threat throughout much of Papuasia. As a purely coastal tree, it may in addition potentially be threatened by storms and sea level rise.
Uses.
The seeds are edible and have been eaten during famine.
The wood of the tree has a specific gravity of 0.45, is soft, durable, easily worked, and resistant to termites. In ancient Hawaii "kou" wood was used to make "umeke" (bowls), utensils, and "umeke lāau" (large calabashes) because it did not impart a foul taste to food. "Umeke lāau" were 8–16 litres (2–4 gal) and used to store and ferment "poi". Kou wood burns readily as firewood, and this led to the nickname of "kerosene tree" in Papua New Guinea. The flowers were used to make "lei", while a dye for "kapa" cloth and "aho" (fishing lines) was derived from the leaves. Fijians obtain fibre to make baskets and garlands from its inner bark by soaking it in seawater.
In the western Solomon Islands, in Vanuatu, on Waya Island, and in Tonga, it is used for carving. On New Ireland, its wood is always used for the ceremonial entrances to men's houses.
Regional names.
Other names for the species include "kanawa", "tou", "mareer", "manjak", snottygobbles, glueberry, and narrow-leafed bird lime tree. In Java and Madura, it is known as "kalimasada", "purnamasada", or "pramasada"; Javanese folklore considers the tree to contain spiritual power. In the Marshall Islands it is known as "kono". In Fiji, it is called "nawanawa".

</doc>
<doc id="6918411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918411" title="Mount Binalud">
Mount Binalud

Mount Binālud (In Persian: بینالود) is a peak in Razavi Khorasan province in Iran. It is also known as the "Roof of Khorasan".

</doc>
<doc id="6918418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918418" title="Rosieni">
Rosieni



</doc>
<doc id="6918429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918429" title="Rosioara">
Rosioara



</doc>
<doc id="6918430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918430" title="Matricity">
Matricity

Matricity is the interaction of a matrix with its environment. This word is used particularly of protein interactions, where a polymerised protein (a matrix) interacts with a membrane or another polymer. 
Protein interactions can normally be described by their affinities for each other. The interactions of clustered proteins for multivalent ligands are described by avidities (avidity), while matricity describes a semisolid state interaction of a matrix with its environment. As an example matricity has been used to describe the interaction of polymerised clathrin with adaptor complexes bound to the membrane.

</doc>
<doc id="6918432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918432" title="Rosiori">
Rosiori



</doc>
<doc id="6918433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918433" title="English Nation">
English Nation



</doc>
<doc id="6918434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918434" title="Timothy Creamer">
Timothy Creamer

Timothy John "T. J." Creamer (born November 15, 1959) is a NASA flight director, retired astronaut and a colonel in the United States Army. Creamer was born in Fort Huachuca, Arizona, but considers Upper Marlboro, Maryland, to be his hometown. He is married to the former Margaret E. Hammer. They have two children.
Education.
Bishop McNamara High School, Forestville, Maryland, 1978. B.S., Chemistry, Loyola College, Baltimore, Maryland, 1982. M.S., Physics, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 1992.
Military career.
Creamer graduated from Loyola College in May 1982 with a bachelor of science degree in chemistry, and was commissioned through the ROTC program as a second lieutenant in the U.S. Army. He entered the U.S. Army Aviation School in December 1982 and was designated as an Army Aviator in August 1983, graduating as the Distinguished Graduate from his class. He was subsequently assigned to the 1st Armored Division as a section leader, platoon leader, flight operations officer, and as a personnel staff officer for the 501st Attack Helicopter Battalion. In 1987, he was assigned to the 82nd Airborne Division as a commander of an air cavalry troop in the 17th Cavalry Regiment, and later as the personnel officer of the 82nd Aviation Brigade. Following this assignment, he completed a Master of Science degree in physics at MIT in 1992, and was subsequently assigned to the Department of Physics at the United States Military Academy as an assistant professor. Other military schools include the Army Parachutist Course, Army Jumpmaster Course, the Combined Arms Services Staff School, and the Command and General Staff College. Prior to his astronaut selection in 1998, he had been working as a space operations officer, with the Army Space Command, stationed in Houston, Texas. He is now the Army's NASA Detachment commander.
NASA career.
Creamer was assigned to NASA at the Johnson Space Center (JSC) in July 1995 as a Space Shuttle vehicle integration test engineer. His duties primarily involved engineering liaison for launch and landing operations of the Space Shuttle. He was actively involved in the integrated tests of the systems for each Orbiter for its preparations for its next flight, and directly supported eight Shuttle missions as a vehicle integration test team lead. Additionally, he focused his efforts in coordinating the information technologies for the Astronaut Office to aid personnel in their electronic communications both on JSC as well as through their travels to other centers.
Selected by NASA in June 1998, Creamer reported for Astronaut Candidate Training in August 1998. Having completed the initial two years of intensive Space Shuttle and Space Station training, he was assigned technical duties in the Space Station Branch of the Astronaut Office, where his primary focus involved the command and control computers on Space Station, as well as the office automation support computers, and the operational Local Area Network encompassing all international partners and modules.
Beginning November 2000, Creamer became the crew support astronaut for the Expedition 3 crew, which was on orbit from August 2001 to December 2001. He was the primary contact for all the crew needs, coordination, planning and interactions, and was the primary representative of the crew while they were on orbit.
Starting March 2002, Creamer headed the Hardware Integration Section of the Space Station Branch, responsible for ensuring all hardware configurations were properly integrated, and that all operational aspects of the future International Space Station (ISS) hardware are accounted for. In October 2004, he was assigned to be the astronaut office representative and coordinator for all things relating to on-orbit information technologies.
Creamer was next assigned to the Robotics Branch, dealing with the international partners on all computer aspects of Robotics operations, as well as all of the command and control software and user interfaces. Additionally, he was the real-time support lead for Expedition 12 for all things involving the robotics operations on the International Space Station.
In September 2006, Creamer served as an aquanaut during the mission aboard the Aquarius underwater laboratory, living and working underwater for seven days.
Expedition 22/23.
In 2009 Creamer served as backup for Expedition 20 Flight Engineer Timothy Kopra, who launched toward the ISS on STS-127.
Following his time as Kopra's backup, Creamer was assigned to the prime crew of Expedition 22/Expedition 23, alongside Roscosmos cosmonaut Oleg Kotov and JAXA astronaut Soichi Noguchi, the trio launched onboard Soyuz TMA-17 from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on 20 December 2009. The trio docked to the ISS two days later, joining Expedition 22 crew members Jeff Williams of NASA and Maksim Surayev of Roscosmos.
Because science is the prime reason for the ISS, Creamer also certified as a payload operations director in Huntsville, AL, helping to coordinate real-time operations of all ISS-based science events, the first flown astronaut to do so.
On January 22, 2010, Creamer was the first astronaut to live tweet from the space.
Flight Director.
On August 16, 2016, Creamer was the first astronaut to be certified as a flight director at NASA's Johnson Space Center.
Organizations.
He is a member of Alpha Sigma Nu, Phi Kappa Phi, Sigma Pi Sigma, Army Aviation Association of America, Association of the United States Army, and the British-American Project.

</doc>
<doc id="6918436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918436" title="James Fee">
James Fee

James Fee (December 7, 1949 — September 4, 2006) was an American photographer known for his images of abandoned factories and lonesome highways.
Life.
Fee was born in Knoxville, Iowa. After graduating from high school he drove from Iowa to California and settled in San Francisco. While in San Francisco, he married Sharon Kitzman. Fee also lived in New York City and Los Angeles, California.
Much of Fee's earlier personal work was made using a Graflex Norita 66 with a combination of extension tubes, tele-extenders and mid-century telephoto lenses. The camera and gear was stolen in the early 1990s during the creation of his "Photographs of Americana" series. Fee found it difficult to replace the camera and began to experiment using the Russian made Kieve 90 with lens embellishments. Fee appreciated the irony of using the Russian camera to complete the series.
Fee's approach to photography led museum curators to give his exhibitions such titles as "American Noir" and "The Weight of Time". His photographs are permanently housed in the San Diego Museum of Photographic Arts, the William Benton Museum of Art, and the Getty Museum. Fee once collaborated with sculptor George Herms, who shared his attraction to the Beat Generation.
During his later career, Fee taught photography at Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California from 1994 to 2003. In 1993 he taught at Otis College of Art and Design in Los Angeles. Fee photographed images that he thought represented United States cultural icons in decline, such as crumbling drive-in movie theaters and rusting, abandoned cars.
Peleliu Project.
Fee's father Russell James Fee served in the U.S. Navy as a medical corpsman attached to the Marine Corps during World War II. During a harrowing battle on Peleliu Island in 1944, he photographed his fellow sailors and Marines and the aftermath of battles. Russell Fee died in 1972.
In 1998, James Fee traveled to Peleliu Island and photographed remnants of the World War II battles that still remained on the island, such as rusted and overgrown tanks, roads, and the tip of a sunken Japanese fighter plane. He attempted to photograph the same scenes recorded by his father more than 50 years earlier.
In an exhibit he called the "Peleliu Project" Fee artistically combined his own photographs with images his father had taken. The exhibit traveled the US and was exhibited at Craig Krull Gallery Santa Monica in 2001 and then housed in the San Diego Museum of Photographic Arts permanently.
Personal life.
James Fee was survived by his wife of 30 years, Elena Stoyanov (NJ), and Fee's son from his first marriage, Illya Eric Isaac Fee (CA).
Fee died in Beverly Hills, California. His death was attributed to hepatitis C and liver cancer. Illya Fee was at his father's bedside at the time of Fee's death.

</doc>
<doc id="6918438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918438" title="Dutch oven (cookware)">
Dutch oven (cookware)



</doc>
<doc id="6918444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918444" title="Rosu">
Rosu



</doc>
<doc id="6918449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918449" title="Rotaresti">
Rotaresti



</doc>
<doc id="6918451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918451" title="Literatures of Europe">
Literatures of Europe



</doc>
<doc id="6918457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918457" title="Rotaria">
Rotaria

Rotaria is a genus of asexual, microscopic animal known as a bdelloid rotifer. Analysis published in 2007 of morphology and DNA sequence data of species from the genus confirmed that despite their asexual mechanism of reproduction, two fundamental properties of species, independent evolution and ecological divergence by natural selection occurred. This demonstrates that sex is not a necessary condition for speciation.

</doc>
<doc id="6918464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918464" title="Oral Literature">
Oral Literature



</doc>
<doc id="6918466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918466" title="Rusesti">
Rusesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918473" title="Oral Poetry">
Oral Poetry



</doc>
<doc id="6918478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918478" title="Crawford expedition">
Crawford expedition

The Crawford expedition, also known as the Battle of Sandusky, the Sandusky expedition and Crawford's Defeat, was a 1782 campaign on the western front of the American Revolutionary War, and one of the final operations of the conflict. The campaign was led by Colonel William Crawford, an experienced officer who had served in the Continental Army and a childhood friend of George Washington. Crawford's goal was to destroy enemy Native American towns along the Sandusky River in the Ohio Country, with the hope of ending Native attacks on American settlers. The expedition was one in a series of raids against enemy settlements that both sides had conducted throughout the war.
In late May 1782, Crawford led about 500 volunteer militiamen, mostly from Pennsylvania, deep into Native American territory, with the intention of surprising the Natives. The Indigenous groups and their British allies from Detroit learned of the expedition and gathered a force to oppose the Americans. A day of indecisive fighting took place near the Sandusky towns on June 4, with the Americans taking refuge in a grove that came to be known as "Battle Island." Native and British reinforcements arrived the following day. The Americans, finding themselves surrounded, retreated that night. The retreat became disorganized, with Crawford becoming separated from most of his men. As the retreat became a rout, another skirmish was fought on June 6. Most of the Americans managed to find their way back to Pennsylvania. Around 70 Americans were killed in both the fighting and subsequent executions; Native and British losses were minimal.
During the retreat, Crawford and an unknown number of his men were captured. The Indigenous combatants executed many of these captives in retaliation for the Gnadenhütten massacre that occurred earlier in the year, in which about 100 peaceful Indigenous people were murdered by Pennsylvanian militiamen. Crawford and surgeon Dr. John Knight were personally invited into the Delaware Nation village of Wingenim by the Native chiefs under the guidance of woodsman Simon Girty, a former Loyalist. As they sat, Crawford and Knight noticed the severed head of an American officer, Lt. John McKinley, which tribal members were kicking around as a ball for entertainment.
The two men were led by Girty to the tribal fire, where Crawford "was stripped naked, ordered to sit down by the fire and then beaten." At the chiefs' direction, Crawford was held down while his ears were cut off. In Knight's first-hand sworn testimony, Crawford pleaded with Girty to shoot him, to which the man "laughed heartily, and by all his gestures seemed delighted at the horrid scene." Crawford's subsequent execution was particularly brutal: he was tortured for at least two hours before being burned at the stake. His execution was widely publicized in the United States, worsening the already-strained relationship between Indigenous groups and Americans.
Background.
When the American Revolutionary War began in 1775, the Ohio River marked a tenuous border between the American colonies and the Natives of the Ohio Country. Ohio Natives—Shawnees, Mingos, Lenapes (Delawares), and Wyandots—were divided over how to respond to the war. Some Native leaders urged neutrality, while others entered the war because they saw it as an opportunity to halt the expansion of the American colonies and to regain lands previously lost to the colonists.
The border war escalated in 1777 after British officials in Detroit began recruiting and arming Native war parties to raid undefended frontier American settlements. An unknown number of American settlers in present Kentucky, West Virginia, and Pennsylvania were killed in these raids. The intensity of the conflict increased in November 1777, after American militiamen murdered Cornstalk, the leading advocate of Shawnee neutrality. Despite the violence, many Ohio Natives still hoped to stay out of the war, which proved difficult because they were located directly between the British in Detroit and the Americans along the Ohio River.
In February 1778, the Americans launched their first expedition into the Ohio Country in an attempt to neutralize British activity in the region. General Edward Hand led 500 Pennsylvania militiamen on a surprise winter march from Fort Pitt towards the Cuyahoga River, where the British stored military supplies that were distributed to Native raiding parties. Adverse weather conditions prevented the expedition from reaching its objective. On the return march, some of Hand's men attacked peaceful Lenapes, killing one man and a few women and children, including relatives of the Lenape chief Captain Pipe (Hopocan). Because only non-combatants had been killed, the expedition became derisively known as the "squaw campaign".
Despite the attack on his family, Captain Pipe said that he would not seek vengeance. Instead, in September 1778, he was one of the signers of the Treaty of Fort Pitt between the Lenapes and the United States. Americans hoped this agreement would enable American soldiers to pass through Lenape territory and attack Detroit, but the alliance deteriorated after the death of White Eyes, the Lenape chief who had negotiated the treaty. Eventually, Captain Pipe turned against the Americans and moved his followers west to the Sandusky River, where he received support from the British in Detroit.
Over the next several years, Americans and Natives launched raids against each other, usually targeting settlements. In 1780, hundreds of Kentucky settlers were killed or captured in a British-Native expedition into Kentucky. George Rogers Clark of Virginia responded in August 1780 by leading an expedition that destroyed two Shawnee towns along the Mad River, but did little damage to the Native war effort. As most of the Lenapes had by then become pro-British, American Colonel Daniel Brodhead led an expedition into the Ohio Country in April 1781 and destroyed the Lenape town of Coshocton. Clark then recruited men for an expedition against Detroit in the summer of 1781, but Natives decisively defeated one hundred of his men along the Ohio River, effectively ending his campaign. Survivors fled to the militant towns on the Sandusky River.
Several villages of Christian Lenapes lay between the combatants on the Sandusky River and the Americans at Fort Pitt. The villages were administered by the Moravian missionaries David Zeisberger and John Heckewelder. Although pacifists, the missionaries favored the American cause and kept American officials at Fort Pitt informed about hostile British and Native activity. In September 1781, to prevent further communication between the missionaries and the American military, hostile Wyandots and Lenapes from Sandusky forcibly removed the missionaries and their converts to a new village (Captive Town) on the Sandusky River.
In March 1782, nearly 200 Pennsylvania militiamen under Lieutenant Colonel David Williamson rode into the Ohio Country, hoping to rescue American captives and find the warriors who were responsible for raids against Pennsylvania settlers. Enraged by the gruesome murder by Natives of a white woman and her baby, Williamson's men detained about 100 Christian Lenapes at the village of Gnadenhütten. The Christian Lenapes (mostly women and children) had returned to Gnadenhütten from Captive Town to harvest the crops they had been forced to leave behind. Accusing the Christian Natives of having aided hostile raiding parties, the Pennsylvanians beat them to death and left the bodies to rot. The Gnadenhütten massacre, as it came to be called, would have serious repercussions for the next American expedition into the Ohio Country. When George Washington learned of the Gnadenhütten massacre, he warned soldiers not to let themselves be taken alive by Natives, but by that time the Sandusky expedition had already begun.
Planning the expedition.
In September 1781, General William Irvine was appointed commander of the Western Department of the Continental Army, which was headquartered at Fort Pitt. Although a major British army under Lord Cornwallis had surrendered at Yorktown in October 1781, virtually ending the war in the east, the conflict on the western frontier continued. Irvine received word that Americans living on the frontier wanted a military expedition against Detroit to end ongoing British support for the American Indian war parties. Irvine investigated, then wrote to Washington on December 2, 1781:
It is, I believe, universally agreed that the only way to keep Indians from harassing the country is to visit them. But we find, by experience, that burning their empty towns has not the desired effect. They can soon build others. They must be followed up and beaten, or the British, whom they draw their support from, totally driven out of their country. I believe if Detroit was demolished, it would be a good step toward giving some, at least, temporary ease to this country.
Washington agreed with Irvine's assessment that Detroit had to be captured or destroyed to end the war in the west. In February 1782, Irvine followed up by sending Washington a detailed plan for an offensive. Irvine estimated that with 2,000 men, five cannons, and a supply caravan, he could capture Detroit. Unfortunately, Washington's reply was that the bankrupt U.S. Congress would be unable to finance the campaign, writing that "offensive operations, except upon a small scale, can not just now be brought into contemplation."
All Irvine could do was grant permission for volunteers to organize their own offensive. Detroit was too distant and too strong for a small-scale operation, but local militia commanders such as Williamson believed that an expedition against the American Indian towns on the Sandusky River was feasible. To reduce expenses, each volunteer would have to procure his own horse, rifle, ammunition, rations, and other equipment. Their only payment would be an exemption from two months of militia duty once the campaign was finished, plus whatever plunder might be taken from the Natives. Because of ongoing Native raids — the wife and children of a Baptist minister were killed and scalped in western Pennsylvania on May 12, 1782 — there was no shortage of men willing to volunteer.
Irvine did not seek command of the expedition himself out of concern that doing so as a uniformed Continental soldier would be considered illegal, but he worked to influence the planning of the campaign. Irvine wrote detailed instructions for (as yet unselected) commander of the volunteers:
The object of your command is, to destroy with fire and sword (if practicable) the Indian town and settlement at Sandusky, by which we hope to give ease and safety to the inhabitants of this country; but, if impracticable, then you will doubtless perform such other services in your power as will, in their consequences, have a tendency to answer this great end.
Organizing the expedition.
On May 20, 1782, the volunteers began gathering at the rendezvous point at Mingo Bottom on the Native side of the Ohio River. They were mostly young men of Irish and Scots-Irish ancestry, and came primarily from Washington and Westmoreland counties in Pennsylvania. Many were Continental Army veterans, and many had taken part in the Gnadenhütten massacre. The exact number of men who took part in the expedition is unknown. An officer wrote to Irvine on May 24 that there were 480 volunteers, although additional men may have subsequently joined the group. By examining pension files and other records, historian Parker Brown concluded as many as 583 men may have taken part in the expedition, though an unknown number of these deserted before reaching Sandusky. Given the daunting nature of the task ahead of them, many of the volunteers made sure to prepare "last wills and testaments" before leaving.
Because this was a volunteer expedition, the men elected their officers. The candidates for the top position were Williamson, a local hero for his exploits as an Indian fighter, and William Crawford, an experienced soldier who had resigned from the Continental Army in 1781 Crawford, also a seasoned land agent and surveyor, was a veteran of these kinds of operations. During Dunmore's War, he had led an expedition that destroyed a Mingo village in the Ohio Country, and in 1778 he had taken part in the failed "squaw campaign". At nearly 60 years of age, he had been reluctant to volunteer, but did so at Irvine's request. Although Williamson was expected to win, Irvine made it known he favored Crawford's election as commander because he hoped to avoid a repeat of the Gnadenhütten massacre. Irvine knew many residents of western Pennsylvania resented Continental Army officers. "The general and common opinion of the people of this country is that all Continental officers are too fond of Indians," he wrote. The election, which was acrimonious, ended in a close vote: Crawford received 235 votes to Williamson's 230. Crawford took command with the rank of colonel, and Williamson became second-in-command with the rank of major. The other majors were John B. McClelland, Thomas Gaddis, and James Brenton.
At Crawford's request, Irvine allowed Dr. John Knight, a Continental Army officer, to accompany the expedition as surgeon. Another volunteer from Irvine's staff was a foreigner with an aristocratic bearing who called himself "John Rose", who served as Crawford's aide-de-camp. Unknown even to Irvine until several years later, Rose was actually Baron Gustave Rosenthal, a Baltic German nobleman from the Russian empire who had fled to America after killing a man in a duel. Rosenthal is the only Russian known to have fought on the American side in the Revolutionary War. Rosenthal kept a detailed journal of the expedition, presumably to aid him in writing a full report for Irvine.
Journey to the Sandusky.
Crawford's volunteers left Mingo Bottom on May 25, 1782, carrying provisions for 30 days. In planning the operation, General Irvine had estimated the journey to Sandusky would take seven days. The campaign began with high expectations. Some volunteers boasted they intended "to extermenate the whole Wiandott Tribe."
As was often the case with militia, who prized their independence and loathed taking orders, there was difficulty maintaining discipline. The men wasted their rations, and then ignored their commanders to go hunting. They were slow to break camp in the mornings, and often failed to take their turn at guard duty. Crawford also proved to be a less capable leader than expected. Rose wrote that Crawford in councils "speaks incoherent, proposes matters confusedly, and is incapable of persuading people into his opinion." Precious hours were lost as the officers argued over what to do next. Hungry and disheartened, some of the militia deserted; Crawford did nothing to stop them.
The journey across the Ohio Country was mostly through woods. The volunteers initially marched in four columns, but the thick underbrush sometimes compelled them to form just two. On June 3, Crawford's men emerged into the open country of the Sandusky Plains, a prairie region just below of the Sandusky River. The following day, June 4, they reached Upper Sandusky, the Wyandot village where they expected to find the enemy, only to discover it had been abandoned. Unknown to the Americans, the Wyandots had recently relocated their town to the north. The new Upper Sandusky, also called the "Half King's Town", was near present-day Upper Sandusky, Ohio and close to Captain Pipe's Town (near present-day Carey, Ohio). The Americans were unaware that Pipe's Town was nearby.
Crawford held a council of war with his officers. Some argued the abandoned village proved the Natives knew about the expedition and were concentrating their forces elsewhere. Others insisted that the expedition was a failure and that they should return home. Williamson asked for permission to take 50 men and burn the abandoned village, but Crawford refused because he did not wish to divide his force. The council decided that they would march for one more day, and then turn back. As the column halted for lunch, Rose was sent north with a scouting party. Soon, two men returned to report that the scouts were skirmishing with a large force of Natives that was advancing towards the Americans. The Battle of Sandusky had begun.
British and Native preparations.
While planning the expedition, General Irvine had advised Crawford that, "Your best chance of success will be, if possible, to effect a "surprise"" against Sandusky. The British and Natives, however, learned about the expedition even before Crawford's army had left Mingo Bottom. Thanks to information from a captured American deserter, British agent Simon Girty relayed to Detroit an accurate report of Crawford's plans on April 8.
Officials of the British Indian Department in Detroit had accordingly prepared for action. In command at Detroit was Major Arent Schuyler DePeyster, responsible to Sir Frederick Haldimand, the Governor General of British North America. DePeyster used agents such as Girty, Alexander McKee, and Matthew Elliott, who all had close relations with Natives, to coordinate British and Native military actions in the Ohio County. In a council at Detroit on May 15, DePeyster and McKee told a gathering of Natives about the Sandusky expedition and advised them to "be ready to meet them in a great body and repulse them." McKee was sent to the Shawnee villages in the Great Miami River valley to recruit warriors to repel the American invasion. Captain William Caldwell was dispatched to Sandusky with a company of mounted soldiers from Butler's Rangers, a Loyalist provincial unit, as well as a number of Natives from the Detroit area led by Matthew Elliott. The Natives from the Detroit area, described as "Lake Indians" by the British, included the "Council of Three Fires" as well as northern Wyandots.
Native scouts spied on the expedition from the beginning. As soon as Crawford's army moved into the Ohio Country, the warning was sent to Sandusky. As the Americans approached, women and children from the Wyandot and Lenape towns were hidden in nearby ravines, while British fur traders packed their goods and hurried out of town. On June 4, Lenapes under Captain Pipe and Wyandots under Dunquat, the "Half King", along with some Mingos, joined forces to oppose the Americans. The size of the combined Lenape, Wyandot, and Mingo force has been estimated at 200 to 500 or more warriors. British reinforcements were nearby, but Shawnees from the south were not expected to arrive until the next day. When the American scouts appeared, Pipe's Lenapes pursued them, while the Wyandots temporarily held back.
Battle of Sandusky.
June 4: "Battle Island".
The first skirmishing of the Crawford expedition began at about 2 p.m. on June 4, 1782. The scouting party led by John Rose encountered Captain Pipe's Lenapes on the Sandusky plains and conducted a fighting retreat to a grove of trees where they had stored their supplies. The scouts were in danger of being overrun, but were soon reinforced by the main body of Crawford's army. Crawford ordered the men to dismount and drive the Natives out of the woods. After intense fighting, the Americans gained possession of the grove, later known as "Battle Island".
The skirmish became a full-scale battle by 4:00 p.m. After the Americans drove Captain Pipe's Lenapes out of the woods and onto the prairie, the Lenapes were reinforced by Dunquat's Wyandots. British Indian Department agent Matthew Elliott may have been present, coordinating Lenape and Wyandot actions. Pipe's Lenapes skillfully outflanked the American position and then attacked their rear. A few Natives crept close to the American lines in the tall prairie grass. The Americans responded by climbing trees to get a better shot at them. Gunsmoke filled the air, making it difficult to see. After three and a half hours of incessant firing, the Natives gradually broke off the attack with the approach of nightfall. Both sides slept with arms at the ready, and surrounded their positions with large fires to prevent surprise night attacks.
In the first day of fighting, the Americans lost 5 killed men and 19 wounded. The British and Natives suffered 5 killed and 11 wounded. The British and Natives had suffered a setback early in the battle when William Caldwell, commander of the rangers, was wounded in both legs and was compelled to leave the field. The American volunteers scalped several of the Native dead, while the Natives stripped the clothing from dead Americans and scalped at least one. Fifteen Pennsylvanians deserted during the night; they returned home to report Crawford's army had been "cut to pieces."
June 5: Shawnee reinforcements, American retreat.
Firing began early on the morning of June 5, the Natives remaining at a distance of two or three hundred yards. Such long-range firing with smooth bore muskets caused little loss to either side. The Americans thought that the Natives held back because they had suffered heavy losses on the previous day. In fact, the Natives were buying time, waiting for reinforcements to arrive. Crawford decided to hold his position in the trees and make a surprise attack on the Natives after nightfall. At this point, he was still confident of success, although his men were low on ammunition and water. Simon Girty, the British Indian Department agent and interpreter, rode up with a white flag and called for the Americans to surrender, which was refused.
That afternoon, the Americans finally noticed about 100 rangers were fighting alongside the Natives. Unaware that the expedition had been watched from the beginning, the Americans were surprised British forces from Detroit had been able to join in the battle on such short notice. While the Americans were discussing this, Alexander McKee arrived with about 140 Shawnees led by Black Snake (Peteusha), who took up a position to Crawford's south, effectively surrounding the Americans. The Shawnees repeatedly fired their muskets into the air, a ceremonial show of strength known as a "feu de joie" ("fire of joy"), which shook American morale. Recalled Rose, the "feu de joie" "completed the Business with us." With so many enemies gathering around them, the Americans decided to retreat after dark rather than make a stand. The dead were buried, and fires were burned over the graves to prevent their discovery and desecration. The severely wounded were placed on biers in preparation for the withdrawal under cover of darkness.
The plan was to retreat along the same path on which they had arrived, with Major McClelland's division leading the way. When Crawford learned that Captain John Hardin's unit had departed too early, he halted the retreat and rode after Hardin's men, hoping to bring them back in line. He was too late: Native sentries opened fire on Hardin's men, creating panic and confusion. McClelland's men stampeded forward, leaving their commmander behind. Many Americans became lost in the dark, separating into small groups. When Major Brenton was wounded, Major Daniel Leet took command of his division and led about 90 men, including John Crawford (the elder Crawford's son) to the west. They managed to break out and escaped back to American territory.
In the confusion, Crawford became concerned about his family members — his son John, his son-in-law William Harrison, and his nephew, also named William Crawford. With Dr. Knight accompanying, Crawford attempted to search for his relatives as the militia panicked and fled all around them. Finally, the pair, now joined by two militiamen who were also lost, finally set off, but were unable to find the main body of men.
June 6: Battle of the Olentangy.
When the sun rose on June 6, 250 to 300 Americans had reached the abandoned Wyandot town. Because Colonel Crawford was missing, Williamson assumed command. Fortunately for the Americans, the pursuit of the retreating army was disorganized because Caldwell, overall commander of the British and Native forces, had been wounded early in the battle. Caldwell believed none of the Americans would have escaped had he still been present. As the retreat continued, a force of Natives finally caught up with the main body of Americans on the eastern edge of the Sandusky Plains, near a branch of the Olentangy River. Some Americans fled as the attack began, while others milled around in confusion. Williamson made a stand with a small group of volunteers and drove off the Natives after an hour of fighting. Three Americans were killed and eight more wounded in the "Battle of the Olentangy". Native losses are unknown.
The Americans buried their dead and resumed the retreat, the Natives and rangers pursuing and firing occasionally from long range. Williamson and Rose kept most of the men together by warning them that an orderly retreat was their only chance to get home alive. The Americans fell back more than , some on foot, before making camp. The next day, two American stragglers were captured and presumably killed before the Natives and rangers finally abandoned the chase. The main body of Americans reached Mingo Bottom on June 13. Many stragglers arrived in small groups for several days more.
Fates of the captives.
Captives taken by Natives during the American Revolution might be ransomed by the British in Detroit, adopted into the tribe, enslaved, or killed. The number of American prisoners executed after the Sandusky expedition is unknown, since their fate was usually recorded only if one of the prisoners survived to tell. While some were executed quickly, others were tortured before being killed. The public torture of prisoners was a traditional ritual in many tribes of the Eastern Woodlands. Captives might be subjected to excruciating torture for hours and even days. The British Indian Department discouraged the killing and torturing of prisoners, with some success, but in 1782 Ohio Natives revived ritual torture in revenge for the Gnadenhütten massacre.
Shawnee prisoners.
During the June 5 retreat, an American scout named John Slover fled eastward with a small group of soldiers. He and two others were captured on June 8 and taken to Wakatomika, a Shawnee town on the Mad River, in present Logan County, Ohio. One of Slover's companions was painted black by the Shawnees, the traditional sign he was to be executed. The villagers, made aware of the coming of prisoners by a messenger, formed two lines. The three prisoners were made to run the gauntlet towards the council house, about distance. As the prisoners ran by, the villagers beat them with clubs, concentrating on the one who had been painted black. The blackened prisoner was then hacked to death with tomahawks and cut into pieces. His head and limbs were stuck on poles outside the town.
While at Wakatomika, Slover recognized the remains of three other Americans who had recently suffered the same fate: Major McClelland, who had been fourth in command of the expedition, as well as Private William Crawford (Colonel Crawford's nephew) and William Harrison (Crawford's son-in-law). The next day, their heads and limbs were also impaled on poles and their torsos fed to dogs. Slover's other companion was sent to another town to be burned. Slover was taken to Mac-a-chack (near present West Liberty, Ohio), but escaped before he could be burnt. Naked, he stole a horse and rode it until it gave out, then ran on foot, reaching Fort Pitt on July 10, one of the last survivors to return.
Crawford's capture, trial and execution.
After being separated from the main body of men, Crawford, Knight, and four other stragglers traveled southeast along the Sandusky River in present-day Crawford County, Ohio. On June 7, they came upon a party of Lenapes about east of the battlefield. Knight raised his gun, but Crawford told him not to fire. Crawford and Knight knew some of these Lenapes, who were part of a band led by a war chief named Wingenund. Crawford and Knight were taken prisoner, but the other four Americans escaped. Two of them were later tracked down, killed, and scalped. Crawford and Knight were taken to Wingenund's camp, where they found eight other prisoners. On June 9, while the other prisoners were taken to Old Town, Crawford was taken to Half King's Town where he met with Simon Girty. Girty told Crawford the Lenapes were enraged about the Gnadenhütten massacre, and offered to assist Crawford in escaping, but Crawford was too exhausted and discouraged to make an attempt.
On June 10, Captain Pipe arrived in Old Town and painted the faces of the prisoners black. When Crawford was reunited with the other prisoners, his face was painted black as well. The prisoners were marched to an unnamed Lenape town on Tymochtee Creek, near present-day Crawford, Ohio. Four prisoners were killed with tomahawks and scalped along the way. At the town, Crawford and Knight were guarded while the other prisoners were killed with tomahawks by Lenape women and boys. The boys scalped the victims and slapped the bloody scalps in the faces of Crawford and Knight. Crawford and Knight were made to run the gauntlet, then marched to Pipe's Town.
On the evening of June 10, a council convened at Pipe's Town to determine Crawford's fate. Crawford was accused of taking part in the Gnadenhütten massacre. With Simon Girty serving as his interpreter, Crawford denied the charge. However, Pipe's sister-in-law, Micheykapeeci, recognized Crawford as one of the leaders of the 1778 "squaw campaign," in which her husband (Pipe's brother) and Pipe's mother had been killed. After her testimony, Crawford was condemned to death by fire. Girty offered to ransom Crawford, but his effort to spare Crawford's life was rejected. Although Crawford was not responsible for the Gnadenhütten massacre, historian Colin G. Calloway writes that "Pipe and the Delawares knew Crawford, and they knew what he stood for. The spirits of the slain Moravians cried for vengeance, but the Delawares also vented their outrage on a surveyor, land speculator, and soldier who had threatened their lands and lives for years."
On June 11, about one hundred men, women, and children gathered near Pipe's Town to witness Crawford's execution. Dunquat and a few Wyandots were present, as well as Matthew Elliott. Crawford was stripped naked and beaten. His hands were tied behind his back, and a rope was tied from his hands to a post in the ground. A large fire was lit about six or from the pole. Native men stuck charges of gunpowder into Crawford's body, then cut off his ears. Crawford was poked with burning pieces of wood from the fire, and hot coals were thrown at him, which he was compelled to walk on. Crawford begged Girty to shoot him, but Girty replied that he could not interfere. After about two hours to four hours of torture, Crawford fell down unconscious. He was scalped, and a woman poured hot coals over his head, which revived him. He began to walk about insensibly as the torture continued. After he finally died, his body was completely eviscerated.
The next day, Knight was taken towards the Shawnee towns, where he was to be executed. Along the way, he struck his guard with a log and managed to escape. He successfully made his way back to Pennsylvania on foot. By the time hunters found him on July 4, he was in poor health and barely coherent. They carried him to Fort McIntosh.
Aftermath.
Casualties.
The exact number of casualties resulting from the Crawford expedition is not known. On June 7, 1782, a ranger reported to DePeyster that, "Our loss is very inconsiderable. We had but one ranger killed and two wounded [including Caldwell]. LeVillier, the interpreter, and four Indians were killed and eight wounded. The loss of the enemy is one hundred killed and fifty wounded." British estimates of American casualties proved to be excessive. Historian Consul W. Butterfield, who wrote the only book-length study of the expedition, estimated the total American killed at "less than seventy." Historian Parker Brown identified the names of forty-one Americans who were killed (including executed prisoners), seventeen who were wounded, and seven who were captured but later escaped or were released. He noted his list was likely incomplete.
Final year of the war.
The failure of the Crawford expedition caused alarm along the American frontier, as many Americans feared the Natives would be emboldened by their victory and launch a new series of raids. More defeats for the Americans were yet to come, and so for Americans west of the Appalachian Mountains, 1782 became known as the "Bloody Year". On July 13, 1782, the Mingo leader Guyasuta led about 100 Natives and several British volunteers into Pennsylvania, destroying Hannastown, killing nine and capturing twelve settlers. It was the hardest blow dealt by Natives in Western Pennsylvania during the war.
In Kentucky, the Americans went on the defensive while Caldwell and his Native allies prepared a major offensive. In July 1782, more than 1,000 Natives gathered at Wakatomika, but the expedition came to a halt after scouts reported that George Rogers Clark was preparing to invade the Ohio Country from Kentucky. Most of the Natives dispersed after learning that the reports of imminent invasion were false, but Caldwell led 300 Natives into Kentucky and delivered a devastating blow at the Battle of Blue Licks in August. After his victory at Blue Licks, Caldwell was ordered to cease operations because the United States and Great Britain were about to make peace. Although Irvine had finally gotten permission to lead his own expedition into the Ohio Country, rumors of the peace treaty killed enthusiasm for the undertaking, which never took place. In November 1782, George Rogers Clark delivered the final blow in the Ohio Country, destroying several Shawnee towns, but inflicting little damage on the inhabitants.
Details of the forthcoming peace treaty arrived late in 1782. The Ohio Country, the land that the British and Natives had successfully defended, had been signed away by Great Britain to the United States. The British had not consulted the Natives in the peace process, and the Natives were nowhere mentioned in the treaty's terms. For the Natives, the struggle with American settlers would resume in the Northwest Indian War, though this time without the assistance of their British allies.
Impact of Crawford's death.
Crawford's death was widely publicized in the United States. A ballad about the expedition, entitled "Crawford's Defeat by the Indians", became popular and was long remembered in several versions. In 1783, John Knight's eyewitness account of Crawford's torture, along with Slover's captivity narrative, were published in Francis Bailey's "Freeman's Journal" and in a separate pamphlet. Knight's editor, Hugh Henry Brackenridge, was an "acknowledged Indian-hater" who described Natives as "the animals vulgarly called Indians." Brackenridge altered Knight's narrative, deleting mentions of Crawford's trial and the fact that Crawford was executed in retaliation for the Gnadenhütten massacre. By suppressing the Natives' motivation, Brackenridge was able, according to historian Parker Brown, to create "a piece of virulent anti-Indian, anti-British propaganda calculated to arouse public attention and patriotism." Brackenridge called for the extermination or expulsion of all Native Americans and the seizure of their lands. In an introduction to the narratives, Bailey endorsed the idea:
But as they [the Natives] still continue their murders on our frontier, these Narratives may be serviceable to induce our government to take some effectual steps to chastise and suppress them; as from hence, they will see that the nature of an Indian is fierce and cruel, and that an extirpation of them would be useful to the world, and honorable to those who can effect it.
As intended, Knight's narrative increased racial antipathy towards Native Americans, and was often republished over the next 80 years, especially whenever violent encounters between white Americans and Natives were in the news. Although American frontiersmen had often killed Native prisoners, most Americans regarded Native culture as barbaric because of the use of torture, and Crawford's death greatly reinforced this perception of Natives as "savages". In the American national memory, the details of Crawford's torture overshadowed American atrocities such as the Gnadenhütten massacre. The image of the savage Native became a stereotype; the peacekeeping efforts of men like Cornstalk and White Eyes were all but forgotten.

</doc>
<doc id="6918481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918481" title="Don't Let Go">
Don't Let Go

Don't Let Go may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6918482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918482" title="Sacel">
Sacel



</doc>
<doc id="6918486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918486" title="Golden tap awards">
Golden tap awards



</doc>
<doc id="6918490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918490" title="Salageni">
Salageni



</doc>
<doc id="6918500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918500" title="Salajeni">
Salajeni



</doc>
<doc id="6918504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918504" title="University Gardens">
University Gardens



</doc>
<doc id="6918508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918508" title="Early Indian Literature">
Early Indian Literature



</doc>
<doc id="6918509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918509" title="Salatruc">
Salatruc



</doc>
<doc id="6918510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918510" title="Guazapa (volcano)">
Guazapa (volcano)

Guazapa is a stratovolcano in central El Salvador. Guazapa volcano an eroded basaltic stratovolcano 23 km NE of San Salvador city. It is not known whether the Pleistocene volcano is still active. It shows signs of intense erosion that have cut deep valleys into its flanks, suggesting a very long dormancy period, and there is no crater morphology left.
During the civil war of the 1980s, Guazapa was one of the main strongholds of the FMLN guerillas. The Guazapa mountains have clandestine cemeteries, bomb shelters, guerilla camps, and makeshift hospitals.

</doc>
<doc id="6918511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918511" title="Moon-flowers">
Moon-flowers



</doc>
<doc id="6918514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918514" title="Harrisburg State Hospital">
Harrisburg State Hospital

Harrisburg State Hospital, formerly known from 1851 to 1937 as Pennsylvania State Lunatic Hospital, in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, was Pennsylvania's first public facility to house the mentally ill and disabled. Its campus is located on Cameron St. and Arsenal Blvd, and operated as a mental hospital until 2006.
History.
The Harrisburg State Hospital was created as the Pennsylvania State Lunatic Hospital and Union Asylum for the Insane in 1845 to provide care for mentally ill persons throughout the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
The hospital was the result of the successful lobbying efforts of 19th century social reformer, Dorothea Dix. A nine-member board of trustees was empowered to appoint a superintendent, purchase land, and construct facilities near Harrisburg. This board of trustees received no compensation for their work. In 1848, the name of the future hospital was changed to the Pennsylvania State Lunatic Hospital when $50,000 was appropriated to begin construction. In 1851, construction of the Main Building designed by John Haviland was completed, which was initially the only building for the hospital, housing the administration, staff, and patients. It was designed following the Kirkbride Plan, which was a very popular building style during the late 19th century. The original capacity of the building was 250 patients, but was later expanded with the removal of dining rooms and the addition of the North and South Branch Buildings. Patients from all parts of the state would be accepted at the hospital, at the expense of the counties that they belonged; or, if able they would pay for themselves at a cost of $2.50 per week. This cost included board and medical attention.
A farm was located adjacent to the hospital and provided work therapy for the patients and also enabled the hospital to be self-supporting, by growing its own food, and raising its own livestock. When the first patient was admitted on October 6, 1851, every poor district was charged a $2.00 weekly maintenance fee for the care of each indigent patient. The boarding charges for private patients were scheduled to vary between $3.00 and $10.00 based upon ability to pay. In 1869, the Board of Public Charities was created to inspect all public and voluntary charitable institutions in the Commonwealth and to report to the legislature with recommendations concerning their operation. For four decades this unpaid Board and its small staff had no authority to correct the conditions it found within state institutions. Nonetheless, by persuasion and publicity they were able to improve the quality of care in public institutions. A major objective was the removal of the insane from almshouses to the Pennsylvania State Lunatic Hospital and other state hospitals. A Committee on Lunacy was created within the Board of Public Charities in 1883 to oversee the operations of these mental institutions.
The early 20th century was a time of extensive change for Harrisburg State Hospital. The Main Building had become outdated and was in need of replacement. Between the years 1893 and 1912, the hospital was rebuilt following the "Cottage Plan", which became popular at the beginning of the 20th century. At its peak, the hospital consumed over and included more than 70 buildings. Designed and constructed by Pennsylvania architects Addison Hutton and John A. Dempwolf, the campus and buildings were meant to represent an Italianate window. The buildings on the male and female sides of the campus mirrored each other until the addition of new buildings in the 1930s.
In 1921, the name of the hospital was changed to the Harrisburg State Hospital. Also that year, the Board of Public Charities was abolished and the Department of Public Welfare was created to administer all state hospitals. With the completion of the new "Cottage Plan" buildings, the hospital had grown considerably larger. Its patient capacity was 2,019, but at one time it held as many as 2,441 with 437 on parole. The hospital was self-sufficient, with its own farm, power plant, and stores; it became known as the "City on the Hill". During wartime there was a 50% shortage of attendants, at the lowest level of employment there were as few as one nurse to 166 patients. In June 1945, only 26 of the 92 authorized positions on the male side were filled. The manpower shortage resulted in widespread curtailment of services to both the public and patients.
Up until 1955, certain administrative responsibilities, such as the selection of the hospital Superintendent and the enactment of rules and regulations governing the hospital were vested in the Board of Trustees of the Harrisburg State Hospital. In 1955 an amendment to the Administrative Code authorized the Department of Public Welfare to assume administrative responsibilities for the Harrisburg State Hospital, relegating its Board of Trustees to specific advisory duties. This act also provided for the appointment of a Commissioner of Mental Health in the Department of Public Welfare who assumed overall responsibility for Pennsylvania's mental health program.
Like other institutions, Harrisburg State Hospital's patient population began to fall in the late 20th century. This was due to new medicines being developed and finally deinstitutionalization. The hospital was finally closed on January 27, 2006. Currently, the hospital sits on a campus with stately buildings in a country setting, in Dauphin County, with a majority of its campus in Susquehanna Township. There are over fifty buildings still located on the campus. The former hospital facility now provides office and storage space for many state agencies. In 2017, the appraised worth of the campus was $2 Million. As of 2019, the campus cost $5 Million annually to maintain, and is up for sale to developers.
The hospital was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
Many of the buildings on the Harrisburg State Hospital campus are set to be demolished and one was destroyed in a fire in December 2024.

</doc>
<doc id="6918517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918517" title="Salceni">
Salceni



</doc>
<doc id="6918519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918519" title="William Smith (Medal of Honor, 1864)">
William Smith (Medal of Honor, 1864)

William Smith (born d. 1826) was born in Providence, Rhode Island, and was a Union Navy sailor during the American Civil War who received America's highest military decoration, the Medal of Honor for his actions at Cherbourg, France. The William Smith who died January 12, 1902, and is buried at Blossom Hill Cemetery in Concord, Merrimack County, New Hampshire, was the 1st Class Fireman aboard the , not the Medal of Honor Quartermaster.
Medal of Honor citation.
Citation:

</doc>
<doc id="6918523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918523" title="Salcioara">
Salcioara



</doc>
<doc id="6918528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918528" title="Sancrai">
Sancrai



</doc>
<doc id="6918529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918529" title="Early Hebrew Literature">
Early Hebrew Literature



</doc>
<doc id="6918535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918535" title="Saniacob">
Saniacob



</doc>
<doc id="6918536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918536" title="Petunias">
Petunias



</doc>
<doc id="6918545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918545" title="Sanmarghita">
Sanmarghita



</doc>
<doc id="6918550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918550" title="Calendulas">
Calendulas



</doc>
<doc id="6918552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918552" title="Sanmartin">
Sanmartin



</doc>
<doc id="6918561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918561" title="Sanmiclaus">
Sanmiclaus



</doc>
<doc id="6918565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918565" title="Sannicoara">
Sannicoara



</doc>
<doc id="6918569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918569" title="SIX TV">
SIX TV



</doc>
<doc id="6918570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918570" title="Verbenas">
Verbenas



</doc>
<doc id="6918574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918574" title="National Ideologies">
National Ideologies



</doc>
<doc id="6918575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918575" title="Beauty Pop">
Beauty Pop

 is a "shōjo" manga series written and illustrated by Kiyoko Arai. It originally ran in the Japanese manga magazine "Ciao". "Beauty Pop" is published in English by VIZ Media under the Shojo Beat label and in French by Soleil Manga. The manga focuses on the life of a naturally talented hairstylist named Kiri Koshiba and her problems with the "Scissors Project," a group of boys determined to become the best makeover team in Japan. "Beauty Pop" went on a short hiatus from "Ciao", but it came back under the title "Beauty Pop Stage 2". The series has also been adapted into a Drama CD, which was released on 25 November 2004.
Plot.
High school student Kiri Koshiba uses her hairstyling talents to help brighten up the lives of girls often deemed as “ugly,” but she does so anonymously. Due to her skill, Kiri unintentionally becomes rival to the Scissors Project (also known as the SP), an infamous club consisting of self-proclaimed genius hairstylist Shougo Narumi, cosmetic expert Kazuhiko Ochiai, and nail artist Kei Minami. The Scissors Project is known for their showy performances where they give public makeovers to members of the student body, specifically already “beautiful” girls, and as a result attract an often-times overwhelming amount of attention.
After the rejection of Kiri’s friend Kanako Aoyama when she professes her love to Ochiai, Kiri gives her a makeover in order to help boost her self-esteem. Interpreting this as a challenge to the supremacy of the SP, Narumi issues a formal challenge to the offender, whom he refers to as “X” due to their anonymity to ensure that his club remains on top. After “X” defeats Narumi and is revealed to be Kiri Koshiba, Kiri eventually becomes a reluctant member of the SP, whether or not Narumi approves.
Throughout the series, the SP continues to grow and meet the challenges of becoming the top team of beauticians in Japan, unless their interpersonal issues get in the way.
Media.
Manga.
"Beauty Pop" ran in "Ciao" magazine for a total of 51 chapters, later bound into 10 volumes by publisher Shogakukan. Viz Media licensed the manga for an English release under their Shojo Beat line.
The series underwent a short hiatus from Ciao, but came back in the October 2006, under the new title "Beauty Pop Stage 2", though the volumes themselves stayed under the name "Beauty Pop". The manga was also published in Vietnam by TVM Comics and France by Soleil Productions.
A sequel manga titled "Beauty Pop Returns" began serialization on Shogakukan's "Ciao Plus" website on April 27, 2025.
Drama CD.
The series has also been adapted into a drama CD, which was released on November 25, 2004. The drama features Junko Minagawa as Kiri Koshiba, Tomokazu Seki as Shogo Narumi, Aoki Makoto as Kazuhiko Ochiai, Hiro Shimono as Kei Minami, Masayo Kurata as Kanako Aoyama, Hiroshi Shimozaki as Taro Komatsu, and Mitsuaki Hoshino as Seiji Koshiba.

</doc>
<doc id="6918577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918577" title="Sanpaul">
Sanpaul



</doc>
<doc id="6918584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918584" title="Portulacas">
Portulacas



</doc>
<doc id="6918585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918585" title="Don't Let Go (Love)">
Don't Let Go (Love)

"Don't Let Go (Love)" is a song by American R&amp;B group En Vogue. It was produced by Organized Noize for the "Set It Off" soundtrack (1996), also appearing on the group's third album, "EV3" (1997). It was released to radio on September 23, 1996, and issued as a single on October 22. The song was the group's last single and music video (directed by Matthew Rolston) to feature member Dawn Robinson and was En Vogue's biggest international single, making it to the top 10 in several countries. According to "Billboard", the single ranked as the 83rd most successful single of the 1990s.
Background.
"Don't Let Go (Love)" was written by Andrea Martin, Ivan Matias, and Marqueze Ethridge along with Organized Noize members Sleepy Brown, Rico Wade, and Ray Murray, while production was by Organized Noize. According to Ivan, the song was originally written for American rock band Aerosmith. Martin and him were rather surprised when Elektra Records president Sylvia Rhone hired them to record it with the quartet after she had heard their demo. In 2012, he disclosed: "Sylvia heard something we couldn't. Andrea ordered me to get into that studio and cut those vocals anyway — while she went to get her nails done. It was then that we employed the 'you like it, we love it' outlook." 
Vocal production was supervised by Matias. Dawn Robinson sings the entire lead while Maxine Jones performs the bridge. Cindy Herron performs a verse to the bridge. Terry Ellis sings outro lyrics in the music video version and "Fulton Yard Mix". Martin Terry and Tommy Martin played the guitars on the song, while drums were played by Lil' John. Marvin "Chanz" Parkman played the grand piano. The song compelled Elektra mogul Sylvia Rhone to place En Vogue back in the studio to record their "EV3" project for release in 1997. While the other group members plus the record producers and label executives were focused on the new En Vogue album, Dawn Robinson wanted to pursue a solo career. Forced to choose between the group or her solo project, Robinson decided to leave En Vogue for a recording deal with Dr. Dre's Aftermath Records. The turn of events following the success of the song was the beginning of a long and tumultuous era for En Vogue as member changes became quite frequent.
Critical reception.
AllMusic editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine described the song as "yearning". Larry Flick from "Billboard" called it a "bluesy interlude", and commented further that the harmonies are "instantly recognizable, flexing sweetly over the track's live funk beat and snaky guitar licks. If you're looking for a duplication of past hits, forget it. This is a far more musically mature effort that will appeal to both street and sophisticated tastes." J.D. Considine from "Entertainment Weekly" wrote in his review of "EV3", "No surprise, then, that although the women get top billing, the arrangements are the real stars. 'Don't Let Go (Love)' is the most obvious example, since the interplay between lead and background vocals is as disciplined as it is dramatic." Another "EW" editor, David Grad, noted its "combination of sensual harmonies and sultry attitude", and deemed it as a "provocative little offering". Dave Ferman from "Fort Worth Star-Telegram" said the song is "hauntingly lush", and that it "finds the singers' voices ebbing and flowing like the ocean on a threatening day." A reviewer from "Music Week" gave it four out of five, stating that "the girls let rip with a swoonsome, powerful single" and a "positive taster" for a spring album, that "should please fans and ensure they attract a few more." 
Gerald Martinez from "New Straits Times" called it "dramatic", noting that "this song has all the punch, power and stunning voices in harmony that one has come to expect from En Vogue." Rebecca Schiller from "NME" said the group's performance "was gutsy and full of knowing gravitas." Another "NME" editor, John Mulvey, stated that the single "retains a frankly terrifying power". A reviewer for "People Magazine" wrote that it is "still smoldering", noting the song's "tough sound", and naming it the highlight of "EV3". Elysa Gardner from "Rolling Stone" described it as an "even more aggressive tune", and added that the "slow-burning" track "promotes romantic and carnal abandon, advising lovers to proceed without caution." Laura Jamison from "Salon Magazine" noted it as a "tempestuous" and "sexy" single. Ann Powers from "Spin" called it a "cry for a lover's loyalty that En Vogue convert into a nonnegotiable demand". She complimented the song as their "highest achievement" on "EV3". Ian Hyland from "Sunday Mirror" commented, "The hit singles 'Whatever' and 'Don't Let Go' may well be brilliant but they only add more spice to a mighty fine collection."
Commercial performance.
"Don't Let Go (Love)" became the third En Vogue track to peak at number two on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, where it was the group's sixth and final Top 10 hit. It also peaked at number two on the U.S. Mainstream Top 40 and ranks at number 43 on its all-time chart. The song was a number-one R&amp;B song for one week, becoming En Vogue's sixth and final number-one R&amp;B hit. It reached number five in the UK in early 1997 and spent 13 weeks in the UK top 40, eight of them in the top 10. The single re-entered the UK chart at number 23 in 2011 after girl group Little Mix performed the song in "Movies" week on the eighth series of the British television singing competition, "The X Factor", on November 19, 2011. "NME" ranked the song number 127 in their list of the "150 Best Tracks Of The Past 15 Years" in 2011. The En Vogue hit reached number 23 on the UK chart and in Ireland, it also returned to the charts at number 50. In 1997, the song went to number one on the Norwegian top 20 singles chart (VG-Lista Topp 20) and stayed there for six consecutive weeks. In total, it was in the top 20 for 16 weeks. 
The single sold 1.3 million copies in the United States and was certified platinum by the RIAA.
Music video.
The music video for "Don't Let Go (Love)" was directed by Matthew Rolston under the Alan Smithee pseudonym. It was En Vogue's third collaboration with Rolston following "My Lovin' (You're Never Gonna Get It)" and "Whatta Man".
The video shows En Vogue singing in front of an audience are dressed in black outfits while some clips of "Set It Off" are inserted. A second music video was released using the same footage of all four band members singing in front of an audience, but the scenes from "Set It Off" are replaced with images that followed a new storyline. In this version, Mekhi Phifer plays a man who has been secretly cheating all four band members. The four women find out about each other and confront Phifer's character through their performance at the party.
Legacy.
In October 2011, "NME" ranked the song number 127 on its list "150 Best Tracks of the Past 15 Years". In 2017, "Billboard" ranked "Don't Let Go (Love)" number 62 in their "The 100 Greatest Pop Songs of 1997". In 2018, "Stacker" ranked it number 43 in their list of "Best pop songs of the last 25 years". In 2019, "Elle" ranked it number 32 in their list of "52 Best 1990s Pop Songs"

</doc>
<doc id="6918587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918587" title="Santimbru">
Santimbru



</doc>
<doc id="6918592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918592" title="Carl Øyvind Apeland">
Carl Øyvind Apeland

Carl Øyvind Apeland (also known as Calle Apeland) (born April 18, 1964). Is a Norwegian musician plays bass, guitar, and keyboard in the Norwegian band Vamp.
He has composed some of the band's hits like "Sommar i hekken", also co-wrote "Ingeborg" (with Jan Toft another band member), "Sirkus av lys", "Byen" and "Svin på skog" (with Odin Aarvik Staveland).

</doc>
<doc id="6918593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918593" title="Santioana">
Santioana



</doc>
<doc id="6918597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918597" title="Ogwen Rural District">
Ogwen Rural District

Ogwen was a rural district in the administrative county of Caernarfonshire in Wales from 1894 to 1974.
The district was formed under the Local Government Act 1894 from the part of the former Bangor Rural Sanitary District in Caernarfonshire. The rest on the Isle of Anglesey, formed Aethwy Rural District. The district was named after the River Ogwen and Ogwen Valley.
The district contained the following civil parishes, now communities:
In 1894 the urban district of Bethesda was formed from part of Llanllechid parish. The rural district lost further territory under a County Review Order in 1934: parts of Llandygai and Llanlechid were transferred to Capel Curig parish in Nant Conwy Rural District, and parts of Llandygai and Pentir was included in an extension of the boundaries of the Municipal Borough of Bangor.
The rural district was abolished by the Local Government Act 1972, with its area becoming part of the Borough of Arfon, one of five districts of the new county of Gwynedd.

</doc>
<doc id="6918599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918599" title="Tom Bethell">
Tom Bethell

Tom Bethell (; July 17, 1936 – February 12, 2021) was an American journalist who wrote mainly on economic and scientific issues.
Life and career.
Bethell was born and raised in London, England. He was educated at Downside School and Trinity College, Oxford. A resident of the District of Columbia, he lived in Virginia, Louisiana, and California. From 1962 to 1965 he taught math at Woodberry Forest School, Virginia. He was married to Donna R. Fitzpatrick of Washington, D.C. He was a senior editor of "The American Spectator" and was for 25 years a media fellow of the Hoover Institution. He was Washington editor of "Harper's", and an editor of the "Washington Monthly".
In 1980, he received a Gerald Loeb Award Honorable Mention for Columns/Editorial for "Fooling With the Budget."
Jim Garrison investigation.
Bethell was hired as a researcher by New Orleans district attorney Jim Garrison to assist with his prosecution of Clay Shaw for conspiracy to assassinate John F. Kennedy. Bethell gave no credence to Garrison's charges that Shaw was involved. Shaw was acquitted after the jury deliberated for about an hour.
Controversy.
In 1976, Bethell wrote a controversial article for "Harper’s Magazine" titled "Darwin's Mistake". According to Bethell there is no independent criterion of fitness and natural selection is a tautology. Bethell also stated that Darwin's theory was on "the verge of collapse" and natural selection had been "quietly abandoned" by his supporters. These claims were disputed by biologists. The paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould wrote a rebuttal to Bethell's arguments.
Bethell was a member of the Group for the Scientific Reappraisal of the HIV-AIDS Hypothesis, which denies that HIV causes AIDS. In "The Politically Incorrect Guide to Science" (2005), he promoted denial of the existence of man-made global warming, AIDS denialism, and denial of evolution (which Bethell denied was "real science"). Bethell endorsed the intelligent design documentary-style film "".
Bethell died from complications of Parkinson's disease at his home in Washington, D.C. in February 2021, aged 84.
Selected publications.
Articles
Books
Book contributions

</doc>
<doc id="6918602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918602" title="Sapunari">
Sapunari



</doc>
<doc id="6918605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918605" title="Collinsias">
Collinsias



</doc>
<doc id="6918607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918607" title="Virginia State Route 101">
Virginia State Route 101

State Route 101 (SR 101) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. Known as Hershberger Road, the state highway runs from SR 117 east to U.S. Route 11 (US 11) within Roanoke. SR 101 is a major east–west arterial on the north side of Roanoke, where it connects Interstate 581 (I-581) and US 220 with Roanoke–Blacksburg Regional Airport.
Route description.
SR 101 begins at an intersection with SR 117 (Peters Creek Road) in the northwestern part of the city of Roanoke. The state highway heads east as a two-lane undivided road between the Westview Terrace and Washington Heights neighborhoods. SR 101 expands to a six-lane divided highway just west of its intersection with Cove Road, which heads south as SR 116. The state highway curves northeast through a commercial area where it has a cloverleaf interchange with I-581 and US 220. SR 101 passes along the southern edge of the Roanoke Regional Airport property and has a partial cloverleaf interchange with the intersecting boulevard, which heads south as Valley View Boulevard toward the Valley View Mall and north as Aviation Drive to provide access to the airport. The interchange includes a flyover ramp from eastbound SR 101 to northbound Aviation Drive. The state highway continues east through another commercial area to its eastern terminus at US 11 (Williamson Road). Hershberger Road continues east as a two-lane undivided city street to the eastern city limits of Roanoke, where it continues into Roanoke County as SR 625 to SR 115 (Plantation Road).

</doc>
<doc id="6918610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918610" title="Saratel">
Saratel



</doc>
<doc id="6918612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918612" title="Arnell Ignacio">
Arnell Ignacio

Arnaldo Arevalo Ignacio (born March 17, 1964), known professionally as Arnell Ignacio, is a Filipino television personality, actor, singer-songwriter, and public official.
Television career.
Ignacio has hosted several shows, like "Chibugan Na!", "Kwarta o Kahon", "GoBingo", "Katok Mga Misis", and "K! The 1 Million Peso Videoke Challenge", and occasional hosts for "ASAP" and "Wil Time Bigtime". He also guest judged for "Kakaibang Idol", a special edition of "Philippine Idol" which was held for contestants with the most notable auditions.
Politics and government.
In 2004, he declined offers to run as the running mate of former Mayor Mel Mathay, but later vied for a city council seat in Quezon City's 4th district.
In 2016, he was appointed by President Rodrigo Duterte as Assistant Vice President for Community Relation and Services Department of the Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corporation (PAGCOR). He served in PAGCOR until January 2018 when he was transferred to the Overseas Workers Welfare Administration (OWWA) to serve as a deputy executive director and deputy administrator. He resigned from his post in February 2019 reportedly for personal reasons. 
In 2022, Ignacio was appointed by President Bongbong Marcos as the new administrator of OWWA. But in May 2025, he was dismissed from the same position due to loss of trust and confidence following his involvement in a P1.4-billion land acquisition deal intended for the accommodation of Overseas Filipino Workers that was allegedly acquired without the required legal approval and authorization of OWWA's Board of Trustees.
Personal life.
Ignacio had Frannie Ignacio, a businesswoman, as his live-in partner for 12 years. They got married on March 10, 2004, but they separated in the same year. Since 2015, he had plans to have their marriage annulled. Together, they have a daughter.
Ignacio is openly gay. He got engaged to singer Ken El Psalmer in June 2015, but broke up almost two months later.

</doc>
<doc id="6918614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918614" title="DJ Uncle Al">
DJ Uncle Al

Albert Leroy Moss (August 14, 1969 – September 10, 2001), better known by the stage name "DJ Uncle Al", was an American DJ from Miami, Florida. He became known for his work as a music producer and broadcaster in the local community. He was shot and killed on September 10th 2001, 1 day before 9/11. 
Biography.
Born Albert Leroy Moss on August 14, 1969, in Miami, Florida, DJ Uncle Al was a pioneering DJ and influential figure in Miami's hip-hop community, becoming known for his energetic style and innovative mixes, which showcased his unique ability to blend various genres, including hip-hop, reggae, and dancehall. DJ Uncle Al developed a passion for music at an early age, graduating from Miami Northwestern High School.
He started his career in the mid-1980s, during a time when Miami bass—a high-energy, bass-heavy style of hip-hop—was gaining popularity, and worked as a broadcaster, hosting 
radio shows on local stations like WEDR 99 Jamz and Mixx 96. His shows, which often featured live mixing and freestyle sessions, became essential listening for fans of Miami bass and hip-hop. He was known for his catchphrase, "Let the bass blow your mind," which encapsulated the essence of his high-energy performances. As a producer, DJ Uncle Al helped to shape the sound of Miami bass, working with numerous artists and releasing several successful tracks that became anthems in the Miami music scene. His influence extended beyond music production as he promoted local talent and provided a platform for rising artists through his radio shows and live events.
DJ Uncle Al was deeply committed to his community and used his influence to promote positive messages and initiatives. He was known for organizing and participating in events that aimed to reduce violence and uplift the youth in Miami. His annual "Peace in the Hood" block parties were particularly popular, bringing residents together for a day of community solidarity, music and fun.
On September 10, 2001, DJ Uncle Al was shot and killed at the age of 32. The DJ Uncle Al "Peace in the Hood" festival is held in the Liberty City area of Miami in honor of him.

</doc>
<doc id="6918616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918616" title="Matthew James Bellamy">
Matthew James Bellamy



</doc>
<doc id="6918618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918618" title="Sarbesti">
Sarbesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918624" title="Sylvan Lake (Alberta)">
Sylvan Lake (Alberta)

Sylvan Lake is a large lake in central Alberta, Canada. The resort town of Sylvan Lake is established on the shores of the lake, west of the city of Red Deer. 
Sylvan Lake is a mesotrophic lake with a total area of , and a maximum depth of . It lies at an elevation of .
Development and conservation.
Six communities are developed adjacent to the shores of Sylvan Lake. The Town of Sylvan Lake is located on the southeast shore, while five summer villages – Sunbreaker Cove, Birchcliff, Jarvis Bay, Norglenwold and Half Moon Bay – are adjacent to the lake's northeast and southwest shores.
Sylvan Lake is one of the most popular recreational areas in Alberta, with over 1.5 million visitors per year. Water based recreational activities include boating, dragon boat racing, swimming, windsurfing, water skiing in summer and ice fishing, skating and snowmobiling during the winter months. Wild Rapids Waterslides, formerly one of the largest waterslide parks in Alberta, was located on the shore of the lake within the Town of Sylvan Lake, but has ceased operations as of 2016.
Sylvan Lake Park and Jarvis Bay Provincial Park are established on the southern and eastern shores.

</doc>
<doc id="6918628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918628" title="Sardanesti">
Sardanesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918629" title="Fishing (runescape)">
Fishing (runescape)



</doc>
<doc id="6918630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918630" title="Early Scotland">
Early Scotland



</doc>
<doc id="6918634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918634" title="Sarulesti">
Sarulesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918636" title="Usulután (volcano)">
Usulután (volcano)

Usulután is a stratovolcano in central El Salvador, rising above the coastal plain between the San Vicente and San Miguel volcanoes, and just east of Taburete volcano. The volcano is topped by a wide summit crater which is breached to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="6918638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918638" title="Barbeled houndshark">
Barbeled houndshark

The barbeled houndshark ("Leptocharias smithii") is a species of ground shark and the only member of the family Leptochariidae. This demersal species is found in the coastal waters of the eastern Atlantic Ocean from Mauritania to Angola, at depths of . It favors muddy habitats, particularly around river mouths. The barbeled houndshark is characterized by a very slender body, nasal barbels, long furrows at the corners of the mouth, and sexually dimorphic teeth. Its maximum known length is .
Likely strong-swimming and opportunistic, the barbeled houndshark has been known to ingest bony fishes, invertebrates, fish eggs, and even inedible objects. It is viviparous with females bearing litters of 7 young; the developing embryos are sustained via a unique globular placental structure. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed the barbeled houndshark as Vulnerable, as heavy fishing pressure occurs throughout its range and it is used for meat and leather.
Taxonomy and phylogeny.
The genus "Leptocharias" was coined by South African physician and zoologist Andrew Smith, without any associated species, in an 1838 "Magazine of Natural History" article by Johannes Müller and Friedrich Henle. Müller and Henle added a species a year later in their "Systematische Beschreibung der Plagiostomen", but adopted the name "Triaenodon smithii" because they regarded "Leptocharias" as a junior synonym of "Triaenodon". Later authors recognized the validity of "Leptocharias", and shuffled it between the families Carcharhinidae and Triakidae before placing it in its own family. The type specimen is an adult male collected off Cabinda Province, Angola.
Because of its many unique characteristics, the evolutionary relationships of the barbeled houndshark are difficult to resolve. A morphological study by Compagno in 1988 was inconclusive on the relationship of "Leptocharias" to other carcharhiniform families. Similarly, a molecular phylogenetic study by López "et al." in 2006 found that, though "Leptocharias" certainly belonged to a derived clade also containing the families Hemigaleidae, Triakidae, Carcharhinidae and Sphyrnidae, its position within that group changed depending on the DNA sequence and type of analysis used. Fossilized teeth belonging to an extinct relative, "L. cretaceus", have been recovered from Late Cretaceous (Santonian and Campanian ages, 86–72 Ma) deposits in Britain.
Distribution and habitat.
The barbeled houndshark occurs along the western coast of Africa from Mauritania to northern Angola, though it may range as far north as the Mediterranean Sea. This species inhabits inshore waters deep, with temperatures of , salinities of 35–36 ppt, and dissolved oxygen levels of 3–4 ppm. It is typically found close to the bottom over mud, particularly around river mouths.
Description.
The barbeled houndshark has an extremely slender body and horizontally oval eyes equipped with internal nictitating membranes. A pair of tiny spiracles is present behind the eyes. Each nostril is preceded by a slender barbel. The mouth is long and strongly arched, with very long furrows at the corners extending onto both jaws. It has 46–60 upper tooth rows and 43–54 lower tooth rows; each tooth is small, with a narrow central cusp and a pair of lateral cusplets. Unusually for a shark, dental sexual dimorphism occurs, with the front teeth in males being greatly enlarged. The two dorsal fins are small and about equal in size; the first is positioned between the pectoral and pelvic fins, and the second over the anal fin. The dorsal margin of the caudal fin is smooth and lacks a notch (precaudal pit) at its base; the lower caudal fin lobe is virtually absent. This shark is a plain light gray above and whitish below. Males and females grow up to long, respectively.
Biology and ecology.
The barbeled houndshark seems to be an active swimmer, based on its strong musculature, long tail, short trunk, and small liver. It feeds on a wide variety of bottom- and shore-dwelling organisms. Crustaceans (including crabs, lobsters, and shrimp) are favored prey, while small bony fishes (including sardines, anchovies, snake eels, blennies, gobies, and flatfish), skate and flying fish eggs, octopus, and sponges are also eaten; miscellaneous objects such as feathers, vegetable scraps, and flowers have also been recovered from its stomach. Known parasites of this species include the copepods "Eudactylina leptochariae" and "Thamnocephalus cerebrinoxius".
The enlarged anterior teeth of male barbeled houndsharks may function in mating behaviors. This species is viviparous; once the embryos exhaust their supply of yolk, they are nourished through a placental connection formed from the depleted yolk sac. Unlike any other shark, the yolk-sac placenta is globular or spherical. Off Senegal, females bear litters of seven pups around October, after a gestation period of at least four months. The largest fetuses on record measured long, which is presumably close to the birth size. Males reach sexual maturity at long, and females at long.
Barbeled Houndshark, is a shallow inshore inhabitant of muddy coastal waters from Mauritania to Angola, in the eastern Atlantic. It has nasal barbels, which are presumed to assist it in detection of prey in turbid water when the line of sight is poor.
Human interactions.
Harmless to humans, the barbeled houndshark is relatively common and probably of some economic importance in the West Africa region. It is caught incidentally by artisanal and commercial fisheries using hook-and-line, fixed-bottom gillnets, and bottom trawls. When retained, the meat is sold fresh, smoked, or dried and salted, and leather is made from the skin. The IUCN has assessed the barbeled houndshark as Vulnerable, noting that fishing pressure is intense throughout its range. However, no specific fishery data are available.

</doc>
<doc id="6918640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918640" title="Satuc">
Satuc



</doc>
<doc id="6918643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918643" title="Set it Off">
Set it Off



</doc>
<doc id="6918650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918650" title="Satucu">
Satucu



</doc>
<doc id="6918652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918652" title="Beer in Montenegro">
Beer in Montenegro



</doc>
<doc id="6918654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918654" title="Leptochariidae">
Leptochariidae



</doc>
<doc id="6918658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918658" title="Savesti">
Savesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918660" title="T29 heavy tank">
T29 heavy tank

The T29 Heavy Tank was an American heavy tank project started in March 1944 to counter the appearance of the German Tiger II heavy tank. The T29 was not ready in time for the war in Europe, but it did provide post-war engineers with opportunities for applying engineering concepts to artillery and automotive components.
Development.
The T29 was based upon a lengthened version of the T26E3 chassis and featured heavier armor; an upgraded 12-cylinder Ford GAC engine producing 750 hp at 2,800rpm, which gave it a power-to-weight ratio of 11.68 hp/t; more comfortable controls for the driver; and a massive new turret incorporating the high-velocity 105 mm gun T5E1. The T29E1 trialed the use of a Allison V1710 V12 engine.; while the T29E3 variant featured a coincidence rangefinder projecting from both sides of the turret, distinctively resembling "ears".
The tank weighed approximately unloaded and combat loaded. The hull armor consisted of a thick plate, which was sloped at 54 degrees. The turret had a maximum armor thickness of compared to on that of the German Tiger II, increasing to on the mantlet; and had a traverse speed of 18 degrees per second, taking 20 seconds for a full rotation. The gun was able to elevate 20°+/-10° from horizontal.
The 105 mm gun was long (65 calibers, 105 L/65) compared to the of the Tiger II's 8.8 cm KwK 43 (71 calibers long, 88/L71); and had a muzzle velocity of . A total of 63 rounds were to be carried, with 46 in ammo racks; weighing 2.2 tons total. The T30E1 HE shell could pierce of concrete at , while the T29E3 High-velocity Armor Piercing could penetrate at , and at . The secondary armament consisted of two coaxial .50 caliber M2 Browning machine guns mounted in the mantlet and an additional ball-mounted .30 caliber M1919 Browning in the right side of the hull, with provision for an additional .50 caliber anti-aircraft gun to be mounted on a pintle stem atop the roof.
The tank had a modest cruising range of . It could cross a trench wide, wade in water deep, climb a step, and could handle a 30-degree slope. The tank was also capable of pivoting on the spot. Suspension consisted of 8 double road wheels with rubber tires, 7 return roller on each side, and had the drive sprockets in the rear. The tank had a crew of six, with two acting as a loader for the gun.
The procurement of 1,200 T29s was proposed on 1 March 1945, and revised to 1,152 on 12 April 1945, but by shortly after the end of World War II, only one T29 had been produced, with a second partially completed. In August 1945, the order was cancelled entirely, and it was intended to procure ten T29s for postwar testing. This number was later reduced to eight in July 1947.
The T30 heavy tank was developed in conjunction with the T29. As originally intended, the only major difference between the two was the use of the 155 mm gun T7 gun in the T30. However, the decision was later made to equip the T30s with the Continental AV1790 engine, leading to the engine deck being redesigned. In addition, the heavier 155mm ammunition led to the T30 being given an additional loader. Two vehicles were produced, with a further two being diverted to the T34 heavy tank program.
The T34 heavy tank was the final variation of the T29 concept, using the same hull as the T30 but with the armament exchanged for a 120 mm gun based on the M1 anti-aircraft gun to further increase the armor penetration capability.
Surviving tanks.
There are two surviving T29s at the U.S. Army Armor and Cavalry Collection at Fort Moore, Georgia. One of these is a T29E3 with the distinctive rangefinder, while the other is a standard T29 model.

</doc>
<doc id="6918665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918665" title="Avian anatomy">
Avian anatomy



</doc>
<doc id="6918670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918670" title="Scarisoara">
Scarisoara



</doc>
<doc id="6918672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918672" title="Civis Romanus sum">
Civis Romanus sum

The Latin phrase cīvis Rōmānus sum (; "I am (a) Roman citizen") is a phrase used in Cicero's "In Verrem" as a plea for the legal rights of a Roman citizen. When travelling across the Roman Empire, safety was said to be guaranteed to anyone who declared, "civis Romanus sum".
Paul the Apostle.
In the New Testament book of "Acts", chapter 22, Paul the Apostle, when imprisoned and on trial, claimed his right as a Roman citizen to be tried before Caesar, and the judicial process had to be suspended until he was taken to Rome:22 Up to this word they listened to him. Then they raised their voices and said, "Away with such a fellow from the earth! For he should not be allowed to live." 23 And as they were shouting and throwing off their cloaks and flinging dust into the air, 24 the tribune ordered him to be brought into the barracks, saying that he should be examined by flogging, to find out why they were shouting against him like this. 25 But when they had stretched him out for the whips,[a] Paul said to the centurion who was standing by, "Is it lawful for you to flog a man who is a Roman citizen and uncondemned?" 26 When the centurion heard this, he went to the tribune and said to him, "What are you about to do? For this man is a Roman citizen." 27 So the tribune came and said to him, "Tell me, are you a Roman citizen?" And he said, "Yes". 28 The tribune answered, "I bought this citizenship for a large sum." Paul said, "But I am a citizen by birth." 29 So those who were about to examine him withdrew from him immediately, and the tribune also was afraid, for he realized that Paul was a Roman citizen and that he had bound him. (ESV)
British Empire.
Don Pacifico affair.
The exchange was by when called to explain his decision to blockade Greece during the Don Pacifico affair. In his speech in the Houses of Parliament on June 25, 1850, he claimed that every British subject in the world should be protected by the British Empire like a Roman citizen in the Roman Empire.
Nirad Chaudhuri.
Nirad Chaudhuri's masterpiece, "The Autobiography of an Unknown Indian", published in 1951, included seemingly pro-colonial themes which courted controversy in the newly independent India due to the dedication of the book, which ran thus:&lt;poem&gt;
To the memory of the British Empire in India,
Which conferred subjecthood upon us,
But withheld citizenship.
To which yet every one of us threw out the challenge:
"Civis Britannicus sum"
Because all that was good and living within us
Was made, shaped and quickened
By the same British rule.
&lt;/poem&gt;Chaudhuri argued that his critics were not careful-enough readers; "the dedication was really a condemnation of the British rulers for not treating us as equals", he wrote in a 1997 special edition of "Granta", as it "was an imitation of what Cicero said about the conduct of Verres[.]"
American context.
Charles Sumner.
Charles Sumner, an American senator from Massachusetts, related a similar phrase in his famous "The Crime Against Kansas" speech in 1856, stating "I fearlessly assert that the wrongs of much-abused Sicily...were small by the side of the wrongs of Kansas...where the cry "I am an American citizen" has been interposed in vain against outrage of every kind, even upon life itself".
John F. Kennedy.
American president John F. Kennedy used the phrase in 1963: "Two thousand years ago, the proudest boast was 'civis Romanus sum'. Today, in the world of freedom, the proudest boast is 'Ich bin ein Berliner'."
In popular culture.
A variation of the phrase is mentioned in an episode of "The West Wing". In Season 1, Episode 3 ("A Proportional Response"), President Josiah Bartlet states, "Did you know that two thousand years ago, a Roman citizen could walk across the face of the known world, free of the fear of molestation? He could walk across the earth unharmed, cloaked only in the protection of the words 'Civis romanus' - 'I am a Roman citizen'. So great was the retribution of Rome, universally understood as certain, should any harm befall even one of its citizens."
In "Monstrous Regiment" by Terry Pratchett, part of the "Discworld" novel series, chief editor and founder of "The Ankh Morpork Times" William de Worde serves as a war correspondent, reporting on a war between Borogravia and its neighbours. He explains to a division of Borogravian soldiers the principle of 'Civis Ankhmorporkius sum' which allows him to not be classified as an enemy informant.

</doc>
<doc id="6918675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918675" title="St. Kieran">
St. Kieran



</doc>
<doc id="6918676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918676" title="WEW Tag Team Championship">
WEW Tag Team Championship



</doc>
<doc id="6918678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918678" title="Argon ST">
Argon ST

Argon ST is a subsidiary of The Boeing Company headquartered in Fairfax, Virginia, United States, that specializes in systems engineering and provides command and control products.
Argon ST's efforts include developing systems for signal intercept and identification, airborne imaging systems, threat warning systems, electronic intelligence, active electronic warfare systems, communications reconnaissance systems, torpedo countermeasures systems, imaging systems, communication systems, wireless networks and navigation systems.
Argon ST systems support a full range of military and strategic units including surface and sub-surface, airborne, and land-based platforms serving defense, homeland security, and customers outside of the United States.
Structure.
Argon ST is a wholly owned, non-fully integrated subsidiary of The Boeing Company. It shares its business area with Digital Receiver Technologies (DRT), another subsidiary based in Germantown, Maryland. Together they are a part of Boeing's larger Electronic and Information Solutions (E&amp;IS) division, which is headquartered at Argon ST's original location in Fairfax, Virginia. Electronic and Information Solutions is a part of Boeing Defense, Space, and Security (BDS), which are headquartered in Arlington, Virginia and St. Louis, Missouri, respectively.
On October 21, 2016, the E&amp;IS division merged with Boeing's Strategic Missile and Defense Systems (SM&amp;DS) division to form Strategic Defense and Intelligence Systems (SD&amp;IS). On December 5, 2016, The E&amp;SS division merged with Boeing Intelligence &amp; Analytics (BI&amp;A) to form Electronic Sensor &amp; Intelligence Solutions (ES&amp;IS). On December 13, 2016, Boeing Defense announced that they would be moving their headquarters from St. Louis to Boeing's Long Bridge office in Arlington to be closer to the Pentagon. ES&amp;IS remains headquartered in Fairfax with SD&amp;IS in Arlington.
History.
Argon ST was created with the merger of SenSyTech, Inc. and Argon Engineering Associates on September 29, 2004. In August 2006, Argon ST acquired Innovative Research, Ideas &amp; Services Corporation (IRIS), the authors of the sensor fusion software Transducer Markup Language (TML). On July 3, 2006, Argon ST completed the acquisition of San Diego Research Center (SDRC), achieving a corporate goal of being able to provide an end-to-end sensor system. Specifically, SDRC’s wireless communication technologies address the challenges of mobile military systems.
On October 1, 2005, Argon ST acquired Radix Technologies, bringing in signal processing technology for reconnaissance and navigation, complementing Argon ST’s core advanced signal intercept and processing capabilities and systems. On June 30, 2010, Argon ST announced that it would be acquired by The Boeing Company for approximately $775 million and integrated into the aerospace firm as an independent subsidiary under Boeing Defense, Space &amp; Security.
The acquisition was completed on August 5, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="6918681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918681" title="Scarlatesti">
Scarlatesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918683" title="Honeysuckles">
Honeysuckles



</doc>
<doc id="6918687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918687" title="Anastasie crimca">
Anastasie crimca



</doc>
<doc id="6918694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918694" title="Scheia">
Scheia



</doc>
<doc id="6918698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918698" title="Leptocharias smithii">
Leptocharias smithii



</doc>
<doc id="6918703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918703" title="Scorteni">
Scorteni



</doc>
<doc id="6918704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918704" title="Counter-Strike 1.6">
Counter-Strike 1.6



</doc>
<doc id="6918708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918708" title="Scorusu">
Scorusu



</doc>
<doc id="6918714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918714" title="Scurtesti">
Scurtesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918716" title="Protein binding motif">
Protein binding motif



</doc>
<doc id="6918719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918719" title="Downings">
Downings

Downings or Downies () is a "Gaeltacht" village and townland on the Rosguill peninsula in County Donegal, Ireland. The village is on the shores of Sheephaven Bay on the north coast of Ireland.
Name.
As the village is in a "Gaeltacht" district, its official name is , its name in the Irish language. The name probably means 'The Forts', referring to the wealth of hill forts in the area. The full original Irish name seems to have been . Or the name could be a hibernicisation of the English name, to describe the sandy dunes connecting the peninsula to the County Donegal mainland.
Economy.
Downings used to be a significant fishing port with a substantial herring fleet. Today, the economy survives on partly tourism. Na Dúnaibh is home to the famous McNutt of Donegal tweed factory and shop. It is also home to McBride Fishing who operate three crab fishing boats and the highly regarded online fishing industry news platform The Fishing Daily. Downings also boasts Meevagh Boatyard on Mulroy Bay which was established in the early 1900s by the Congested District Board to build fishing boats for local fishermen during the herring boom. Situated as it is on Sheephaven Bay, Downings is one of the safest anchorages on the north coast of Ireland, and is a must for an overnight stay for anyone sailing along the Donegal coast
History.
In 2007 local divers recovered a gun from the wreck of HMS at the mouth of Lough Swilly. The gun is now mounted beside Downings Pier.
Recreation.
The dunes that link the Rosguill peninsula to the mainland are also home to the Rosapenna Links course designed by Old Tom Morris, and although the original hotel and clubhouse that was patronised by the likes of John Wayne and Errol Flynn burnt down in the sixties, the new buildings seek to emulate the charm of the originals.
Downings is the start and finish of the Atlantic Drive, one of the most dramatic scenic routes in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="6918721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918721" title="Selistea">
Selistea



</doc>
<doc id="6918727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918727" title="Serbesti">
Serbesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918728" title="Armenian national awakening">
Armenian national awakening

The Armenian national awakening was part of the broader rise of nationalism among non-Turkish ethnic groups during the late Ottoman Empire. The Ottoman Empire sought to counter Armenian nationalism during the Tanzimat era, initially through the promotion of Ottomanism and later by transforming the empire into a constitutional monarchy during the First Constitutional Era. However, the reorganization of the millets—the legal courts for confessional communities—exacerbated the issue of dualism within the Ottoman state.
During the Armenian national awakening, Sultan Abdul Aziz sanctioned the promulgation of a basic law for the Gregorian Armenian Millet, protecting Armenian rights and privileges. This corresponded with the opening of an Armenian National Assembly, which took over responsibility of temporal matters from the Armenian Patriarchate. Armenian Ottomans operated their own courts of law, collected their own taxes, and maintained their own prisons, hospitals, and schools. As a result, some observers noted that the Armenian community functioned in many ways like a state within a state. Over the course of Ottoman Armenia, some Armenians began to advocate for republicanism rather than allegiance to the Ottoman Dynasty, with some being interested in becoming an autonomous region for themselves. During the Second Constitutional Era, parties like the Social Democrat Hunchakian Party (Hunchaks), Armenian Democratic Liberal Party (Ramgavar Party or Armenakan), and Armenian Revolutionary Federation (Dashnaks) were the main representatives of Armenian interests in the Ottoman government, and sometimes also used militancy to defend their constituents. After World War I and the Armenian genocide, the First Armenian Republic declared independence from the Ottoman and Russian Empires.
Origins.
Prehistoric-Historic Era.
The discovery of Urartu played a significant role in 19th and 20th-century Armenian nationalism. Armenian nationalism included a range of interpretations of Prehistoric Armenia, including the link to the Iron Age kingdom of Urartu, as some scientists claimed the Urartu state was an Armenian state. Identifying with the Urartu state and its prehistoric forerunners came to be a powerful symbol of Armenian culture, especially among the diaspora.
Armenian Classic Era.
In the Ottoman Empire, the social structure of Armenians before the 18th century was based on the Millet system.The Armenian millet was a confessional community in the Ottoman Empire. The millet specifically referred to the separate legal courts pertaining to personal law under which sections of the society were allowed to rule themselves with fairly little interference from the central system. Each millet was under the supervision of an Ethnarch ('national' leader), most often a religious leader. The Armenian millet was under the Armenian Apostolic Church. The millets could set their own laws and collect their own taxes. As People of The Book, Armenians were able to maintain their houses of worship, obtain religious literature, and employ clergy of their faith for their congregations. These rights became limited with the economic and technological developments of the 18th century.
Around this time, instances of Armenian desires for self-determination emerged, such as Davit Bek's resistance to Ottoman and Safavid domination during the Syunik rebellion.
Armenian Renaissance.
Early national sentiments arose from Armenian monks belonging to the Mekhitarist Order and the socio-political movements, including the French Revolution and the Russian nihilist movement.
The 18th century generated new schools and libraries and a chance to study in the universities of Western Europe for well-connected Christians of the Ottoman Empire.
In addition, Protestant missionaries soon became involved evangelizing among the Apostolic Armenians. From the first day when Rev. William Goodell settled in Constantinople in 1831 to the end of World War I, the missionaries made considerable contributions to the education of Armenians. They not only stressed elementary education, but established colleges and other institutions of learning. The notable institutions included Central College of Antep, Euphrates College of Harpout, Anatolia College at Marsovan, Central Girls' College at Marash, and St. Paul's Institute at Tarsus. There were also colleges, such as International College at Smyrna; American College for Girls, Syrian Protestant College at Beirut and Robert College, in which institutions many Armenian students received their education. Here they came into contact with the radical ideas of the Age of Enlightenment and the French Revolution. Educated and influential members of the large diaspora tried to transmit these ideas back to their own, with the double aim of raising their educational level and simultaneously strengthening their national identity. The European intellectual currents such as ideas of French Revolution were transmitted through the 23,000 Armenian students within 127 Protestant congregations with 13,000 communicants, and 400 schools.
Mekhitarist Order had exclusive devotion to all persons and things Armenian. Mekhitar, was born at Sebastia in 1676. He entered a monastery but was concerned about the level of culture and education in Armenia at that period and sought to do something about it. Contacts with Western missionaries led him to become interested in translating material from the West into Armenian and setting up an order to facilitate education. Amongst their countrymen the influence of the Mekhitarist Order not only connected Armenians closer to God but facilitated an early sense of national ambition.
Father Ghevont Alishan was a member of the Mkhitarist Congregation in Venice. In 1885, the Armenian Patriotic Society of Europe appealed to him to create the first modern Armenian flag. Alishan designed a flag inspired by the national Flag of France, identified today as the "Nationalist Armenian Flag." Its colors were red, green, and blue respectively, representing the band of colors that Noah saw after landing on Mount Ararat.
In 1863, Ottoman Armenians were introduced to major reforms as an extension of Tanzimat. Attempting to stem the tide of nationalist movements within the Ottoman Empire, the Tanzimât period emerged from the minds of reformist sultans like Mahmud II and Abdul Majid as well as prominent reformers who were European-educated bureaucrats. The Armenian National Constitution (150 articles drafted by Nahabet Rusinian, Servichen, Nigoghos Balian, Krikor Odian and Krikor Margosian) defined the condition of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire, but also introduced regulations defining the authority of the Patriarch. The "Armenian Constitution" and Armenian National Assembly was seen as a milestone by progressive Armenians. Khrimian Hayrik worked to increase the influence of sub-councils of Armenian National Assembly. The Armenian National Assembly had a general assembly in Constantinople and sub-councils in the provincial centers. The general assembly consisted of 120 Armenian Nobles and 20 ecclesiastical members. The assembly in the capital meet very seldom.
Local assemblies were often deaf to the complaints of the poorer members of the community. In 1880, the wealthy and influential Armenians signed an address of loyalty and devotion to the Sultan, condemning nationalist agitation as the work of misguided persons who have no authority or influence. This alienation from the center was highlighted by the work of bishop Mkrtich Khrimian. He worked to increase the influence of sub-councils of the towns of eastern Anatolia in the capital. The Armenian National Assembly's policies aligned with Anatolia with the increased influence of sub-councils. In 1892, Khrimyan was unanimously elected Catholicos of All Armenians. These two Ottoman reforms, which were theoretically examples of social change by law, brought serious stress over Ottoman political and administrative structure. Armenian Nobles ("Amira") were not happy, and they were the owners of the economic system.
National Revival.
The Armenian national ideology developed long after the Greek movement, however the factors contributing to the emergence of Armenian nationalism made the movement far more similar to that of the Greeks than those of other ethnic groups. Unresolved social issues in the Empire began to feed Armenian national politics, along the other ethnic groups. As the Millets system degraded, Armenians begin to rethink their position in the world. The Armenian subjects of the Empire were influenced by the Armenian Diaspora and the network of congregations and schools of the Protestant missionaries throughout the Empire. After the 1877-1878 Russo-Turkish War, the Russian-Ottoman border region brought on new the political and military structure. Many Circassian and Laz muhacir from the Russian Empire were forcefully deported to Ottoman Empire. These emigrations brought tensions and changed the population distribution and balance of power within the local communities in eastern Anatolia.
Russia proclaimed itself protector of Christian Armenians, and this created a relatively more hostile environment to the Muslims, mostly Kurdish, who were left under Russian control. Kurdish-Armenian relations come to another turn. The newly established relations were complex. The change did not only affected the Armenian Millet but also the local non-tribal Kurds as well. The Kurdish tribal leaders that fled during the war began to express their power along the countryside. The region's social structure, coexistence of the communities was broken. The broken social structure required implementation of new reforms.
Kagik Ozanyan claims that the Tanzimat spurred the formation of an Armenian political strata and incited the Armenian national spirit, which was aligned with the nation building through revolution. General Mayewski, who was the Russian Consul General to Ottoman Empire recorded the following:
Civilization Perspective.
According to one essentialist position, the breakdown of the "coexistence of the communities within the Ottoman Empire" was the direct result of the Christian Armenians and Muslims Turks and Kurds not being able to live together. Armenian Patriarch Nerses Varjabedyan expresses his position to British Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lord Salisbury on April 13, 1878.
Most of the Ottoman sources do not give credit to these claims. They present the argument that the system of "Millet" and State and Religion preserved the Empire for centuries. A strong argument behind rejecting the "clash of civilizations" originated from the analysis of the activity timetable. The clashes collected in distinct events. Each event had high density with distinct beginning and an end. There was no single period that a thousand deaths were spread over a long period of time. This fact supports the "revolutionary view" instead of clash of civilizations, which showed the European powers the true nature of Ottoman rule. European powers needed to do something about these events through the international agreements. Assuredly Europe would do nothing if those thousand deaths were spread over years.
Armenian Question Perspective.
The Greeks were thus the first of the Ottoman Empire's subject peoples to secure recognition as an independent sovereign power. After a long and bloody struggle, and with the aid of the Great Powers, the Greek Revolution won independence for Greece from the Ottoman Empire granted by the Treaty of Constantinople in July 1832. The National awakening of Bulgaria and consequently liberation of Bulgaria originate after the events of the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78 that led to the re-establishment of a Bulgarian Sovereign state with the Treaty of San Stefano. There had been no considerable movement in behalf of Armenian independence before Abdul Hamid II's reign. 1878 marked the first down turn of relations between Armenians and Ottoman Empire.
The stipulation in favor of Armenian autonomy in the Treaty of Berlin produced an immediate change. Unfortunately there were special difficulties for the realization of the so-called Ottoman liberal political program. For one thing not all the Armenians were under the Ottoman Empire. There was Armenians in the Russian Empire approaching to 900,000 at the nineteenth century. Ottoman subjects amounted to perhaps 1,200,000, and were mainly distributed through the six vilayets of Sivas, Bitlis, Erzerum, Harput, Diyarbekir, and Van. In some of these districts they formed pluralities. Besides other difficulties, Armenians perceived the stipulations of the treaty (Article LXI) of Berlin as an early realization of their autonomy. In 1879, one year of after the agreements, the only thing missing was the practical events to enable the articles for the demand of an Armenian state.
After the Armenian Massacres of 1894-1896 the Armenian population in the six vilayets, which overlapped with some Kurdish regions, declined between 80,000 and 300,000. These massacres were perpetuated by the Hamidiye regiments and the European powers were asked to intervene. Instead of Armenian autonomy in these regions, Kurds (Kurdish tribal chiefs) retained much of their autonomy and power. Abdulhamid made little attempt to alter the traditional power structure of "segmented, agrarian Kurish societies". The Sultan trusted the Kurds in safeguarding the southern and eastern fringe of the empire and mountainous topography, and limited transportation and communication system. The state had little access to these provinces and were forced to make informal agreements with tribal chiefs, for instance the Ottoman qadi and mufti did not have jurisdiction over religious law which bolstered Kurdish authority and autonomy. The Armenian national movement had discovered through their revolutionary movement that neither Tsar Alexander II with his idealism nor Gladstone's Liberalism were dependable allies.
The first effective intervention had come by Woodrow Wilson, who agreed to transfer what will be named as "Wilsonian Armenia" back to the Armenians in the Treaty of Sèvres.
Revolution Perspective.
Ottoman Armenians educated with the European Way began to make attempts in forming organizations – secret societies, local groups, such as the 'Protectors of the Fatherland' (1881) which was established in Erzurum. Protectors of the Fatherland was almost certainly affected by the ideas of French Revolution and Greek Revolution as 'Freedom or Death' was their motto.
The Armenian national liberation movement gathered momentum with the establishment of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation, Social Democrat Hunchakian Party and Armenakan (later named as Ramgavar). The Social Democrat Hunchakian Party (Hentchaks) had the goal to gain Armenia's independence from the Ottoman Empire. The Armenian Revolutionary Federation (ARF) originally aimed for autonomy of the Armenian-populated areas, which changed to the establishment of an Armenian state with the coming years. The ARF adopted a decentralized "modus operandi" according to which the various chapters in different countries were allowed to plan and implement policies in tune with their local political atmosphere.
During 1880-1890 the local communication channels were developed. The organizations were fully functional in Ankara, Amasya, Çorum, Diyarbakır, Yozgat, and Tokat. In 1893 they began to publish propaganda toward the non Armenian subjects. The main theme of these materials were people should take control of their own life against the oppressors. The propaganda did not have any effect on the Muslims. These activities ended with clashes between the Armenian revolutionaries and Ottoman police. Most revolutionaries received jail time. The Ottoman Empire and Britain would then negotiate the release of the activists. Some British observers concluded that Armenian revolutionaries were the responsible party. Local authorities took initiative against the revolutionaries as they were cutting telegraph wires and bombing government buildings. Britain or European powers concluded that further intervention would end with sectarian conflict.
Armenians mainly lived in the intersection of three empires, Ottoman Empire, Russian Empire and Persian Empire. The Armenian diaspora, which lived in mainly Europe, was composed of the elite whom were being educated in European Universities or performing the trade. The Armenians in Europe (Armenian diaspora) began to hold meetings about their oppressed status leading to the foundation of parties that would formalize "national politics" under Armenakans, Hnchakians, and Dashnaks with the coming years. These secret societies (or parties for some) which developed "National Policies", stated goals such as "freeing the Armenians from the Ottoman Empire by any means possible". H. K. Vartanian wrote that the Armenian revolutionary movement was a direct and necessary response to the increasingly intolerable social, economic and political conditions of the 19th century decaying and declining Ottoman Empire.
The Armenian national movement was an international movement. However, the practical center of gravity for Armenian revolutionaries was within the Armenians in the Russian Empire, where Armenians could meet, organize funds, and send materials to their comrades in the Ottoman Empire easily. The organization that was founded in Geneva (Europe), mostly by active Russian Armenians, took the idea of nationalism and gave it a clear imprint of Caucasian revolutionary thought in 1887. Caucasian revolutionary thought was directed at the Ottoman Empire, which the diaspora saw as its homeland. The Young Armenia Society was founded in 1889 by Kristapor Mikayelian, and organized Fedayee campaigns into Ottoman territory. The Tsarist regime cracked down on any attempt by Russian Armenians to engage in action across the border, a leading example being the Gugunian Expedition of 1890.
The Bashkaleh Resistance was the first recorded bloody encounter between the Armenians and the Ottoman Empire in May 1889.

</doc>
<doc id="6918731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918731" title="SATEC @ W. A. Porter Collegiate Institute">
SATEC @ W. A. Porter Collegiate Institute



</doc>
<doc id="6918737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918737" title="Sesuri">
Sesuri



</doc>
<doc id="6918742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918742" title="Sfarcea">
Sfarcea



</doc>
<doc id="6918745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918745" title="How the Beggar Boy turned into Count Piro">
How the Beggar Boy turned into Count Piro

How the Beggar Boy turned into Count Piro is an Italian fairy tale collected by Laura Gonzenbach in "Sicilianische Märchen". Andrew Lang included it in "The Crimson Fairy Book".
It is Aarne-Thompson type 545B, the Cat as Helper. Other tales of this type include Don Joseph Pear, Puss in Boots, and Lord Peter.
Synopsis.
A beggar boy's father left his son a pear tree that bore pears year round. One day, a fox persuaded the boy to give it the pears, because it would bring him luck, and the kind-hearted boy did. The fox brought the basket to the king, who was astounded that anyone had pears that time of year. The next day, it did the same, and asked for the princess's hand in marriage for his master, Count Piro, saying his master was so rich he would ask for no dowry. The fox tricked a tailor into providing him a fine suit, saying it would be paid for the next day.
The boy went to the castle and said very little, but the fox explained it was his great concerns that kept him quiet.
Then the fox took a third basket of pears and arranged for the wedding. Once they were married, the king and princess set out with the boy. The fox told a shepherd for an ogre that if he told the men that the sheep belonged to an ogre, the men would kill the sheep, and the ogre would kill him; he should say they belonged to Count Piro. It did the same with a pigherd and a horseherd. The king was impressed by the wealth.
At the ogre's castle, the fox told the ogre and ogress that the king had sent men to kill them, and it was best to hide in the oven until they passed. It trapped them in, and after the princess and her bridegroom were abed, the fox burned the ogre and ogress to death.
The beggar boy lived out his life in wealth and prosperity, and when the fox died, he held him a proper funeral.
Theater.
The Fox &amp; Beggar Theater is a circus troop based in Asheville, NC. They have mentioned this story as inspiration for the troop, citing the fox's wild creativity and the boy's kind heart as the perfect pairing to achieve incredible goals.

</doc>
<doc id="6918748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918748" title="Sibisel">
Sibisel



</doc>
<doc id="6918749" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918749" title="Gregory Chamitoff">
Gregory Chamitoff

Gregory Errol Chamitoff (born 6 August 1962) is a Canadian-born American engineer and former NASA astronaut. He has been to space twice, spending 6 months aboard the ISS across Expedition 17 and 18 in 2008, and another 15 days as part of STS-134 in 2011. STS-134 was the last of Space Shuttle "Endeavour" which delivered the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer and completed the US Orbital Segment.
Early life and education.
Chamitoff was born 6 August 1962 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. He was inspired to become an astronaut after watching the Apollo 11 Moon landing at the age of six.
His education includes:
Early career.
As an undergraduate student at Cal Poly, Chamitoff taught lab courses in circuit design and worked summer internships at Four Phase Systems, Atari Computers, Northern Telecom, and IBM. He developed a self-guided robot for his undergraduate thesis project. While at MIT and Draper Labs (1985–1992), Chamitoff worked on several NASA projects. He performed stability analyses for the deployment of the Hubble Space Telescope, designed flight control upgrades for the Space Shuttle autopilot, and worked on the attitude control system for Space Station Freedom. His doctoral thesis developed a new approach for robust intelligent flight control of hypersonic vehicles.
From 1993 to 1995, Chamitoff was a visiting professor at the University of Sydney, Australia, where he led a research group in the development of autonomous flight vehicles, and taught courses in flight dynamics and control. He has published numerous papers on aircraft and spacecraft guidance and control, trajectory optimization, and Mars mission design.
NASA career.
In 1995, Chamitoff joined the Motion Control Systems Group in the Mission Operations Directorate at the Johnson Space Center, where he developed software applications for spacecraft attitude control monitoring, prediction, analysis, and maneuver optimization.
Selected by NASA for the Astronaut Class of 1998, Chamitoff started training in August 1998 and qualified for flight assignment as a mission specialist in 2000. He worked in the Space Station Robotics branch, was lead CAPCOM for ISS Expedition 9, acted as crew support astronaut for ISS Expedition 6, and helped develop onboard procedures and displays for Space Station system operations.
In July 2002, Chamitoff was a crew-member on the Aquarius undersea research habitat for 9 days as part of the mission (NASA Extreme Environment Mission Operations).
He served as the backup Expedition 15/16 Flight Engineer 2 and STS-117/STS-120 Mission Specialist 5 for Clayton Anderson.
Expedition 17 and 18.
Chamitoff served on a long-duration mission to the International Space Station. He launched as a mission specialist on board Space Shuttle mission STS-124. He was flight engineer 2 and science officer on Expedition 17. He returned home as a mission specialist on STS-126, completing a tour that lasted six months.
As part of his personal allowance, Chamitoff brought the first bagels into space, 3 bags (18 sesame seed bagels) of Fairmount Bagels with him, from his cousin's bagel bakery. He also bought a velcro chess set and started playing games against mission control, which got quite competitive. 
In 2008, Chamitoff voted from outer space. 
While Richard Garriott was aboard the ISS at the beginning of Expedition 18, Chamitoff and Garriott filmed the first magic show in space, and along with Yury Lonchakov, Michael Fincke and Richard Garriott, filmed a science-fiction movie made in space, "Apogee of Fear".
After conducting experiments with the SPHERES during his mission, he founded the Zero Robotics competition, where high school students program the robots.
STS-134.
Chamitoff served as a mission specialist on STS-134, the penultimate Space Shuttle mission, during which he made two spacewalks, the last of which completed the construction of the ISS.
Post-NASA career.
Chamitoff is currently a Professor of Engineering Practice in the Aerospace Engineering Department at Texas A&amp;M University in College Station, Texas. He instructs senior design, human spaceflight operations, and dynamics and controls for aerospace vehicles. Chamitoff has also served as the Lawrence Hargrave Professor of Aeronautical Engineering at the University of Sydney, Australia.
Awards and honors.
Chamitoff has received the following honors and awards:
Personal life.
Chamitoff is married to Alison Chantal Caviness, M.D., M.P.H., Ph.D. They have two children.
Chamitoff's recreational interests include scuba diving, backpacking, flying, skiing, racquetball, Aikido, juggling, magic and guitar. He is a certified divemaster and instrument rated pilot. Chamitoff also enjoys chess and has played games with people on earth while living in the ISS.

</doc>
<doc id="6918757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918757" title="Sieu">
Sieu



</doc>
<doc id="6918764" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918764" title="Silistea">
Silistea



</doc>
<doc id="6918766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918766" title="Anastasius Crimca">
Anastasius Crimca

Anastasius (, secular name Ilie Crimca, ; 1550–1629) was a Moldavian Eastern Orthodox clergyman, as well as a calligrapher, illuminator, and writer.
Born in Suceava, he was the Metropolitan of Moldavia (1608–1617; 1619–1629) and the founder of Dragomirna Monastery (1609), where he initiated a scriptorium remarkable for the stylistic unity of the work produced over two decades.
The great similarity of the works has caused them to be attributed to Crimca, although some scholars have disputed this. The accepted opinion is that nine codices can be attributed to him: five of these are at Dragomirna Monastery, three are in Bucharest, and the "Acts of the Apostles" (1610) is in Vienna.
One tetra gospel is in National Library in Warsaw.
He died in Suceava and he is buried in exonarthex of Dragomirna church.

</doc>
<doc id="6918770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918770" title="Dublin Dr. Pepper">
Dublin Dr. Pepper



</doc>
<doc id="6918771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918771" title="Silivas">
Silivas



</doc>
<doc id="6918781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918781" title="Pa Tio district">
Pa Tio district

Pa Tio (, ; , ) is a district of Yasothon province in northeastern Thailand.
History.
Around 1889, there was an influx of Lao settlers into the Isan region after a large area of Thailand east of the Mekong River was ceded to the French. Among the villages established in this migration was Ban Pa Tio.
In 1933, the Highway Department built a road from Yasothon to Mueang Amnat Charoen district and Khemarat district, which were then all districts of Ubon Ratchathani province. The road passed through Pa Tio village, and led to its growth and expansion. In 1951, a petition was made for Pa Tio to be given minor district ("king amphoe") status with jurisdiction over three ("tambons"): Pho Sai, Krachai, and Khok Na Ko, but it was not until 17 August 1966 that it was officially made so. It became effective on 1 September 1966.
In 1969, Pa Tio was raised to district ("amphoe") status, in Ubon Ratchathani Province. When Yasothon became a separate province on 1 March 1972, Pa Tio was one of six districts assigned to the new province.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise): Mueang Yasothon, Kut Chum, Thai Charoen of Yasothon Province; Mueang Amnat Charoen and Hua Taphan of Amnat Charoen province; and Kham Khuean Kaeo of Yasothon Province.
Administration.
The district is divided into five sub-districts ("tambons") with 57 villages ("mubans").
Education.
The secondary schools in Pa Tio are:

</doc>
<doc id="6918783" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918783" title="Simionesti">
Simionesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918785" title="San Miguel (volcano)">
San Miguel (volcano)

San Miguel (also known as Volcán Chaparrastique) is a stratovolcano in central-eastern El Salvador, approximately southwest of the city of San Miguel. On January 16, 2002, a minor eruption of steam, gas, and ash occurred from the summit crater, lasting 3 hours but causing no real damage to life or property. Carbon dioxide emissions had been monitored since November 2001, and their steady increase continued to build up until the eruption.
Twelve years later, on December 29, 2013, San Miguel erupted at 10:30 local time spewing ash and smoke into the sky, and prompted the evacuation of thousands of people living in a 3 km (1.9 mi) radius around the volcano. It was preceded and caused by increased seismic activity beginning at 06:30 local time.

</doc>
<doc id="6918788" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918788" title="John Moores University">
John Moores University



</doc>
<doc id="6918792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918792" title="Earls and Dukes of Ormonde">
Earls and Dukes of Ormonde



</doc>
<doc id="6918795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918795" title="Sinesti">
Sinesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918800" title="Volcán San Miguel">
Volcán San Miguel



</doc>
<doc id="6918802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918802" title="Freddie and Frieda Falcon">
Freddie and Frieda Falcon

Freddie and Frieda Falcon are the mascots of Bowling Green State University in Bowling Green, Ohio. The pair are anthropomorphized peregrine falcons. They are somewhat of a rarity among collegiate mascots, being one of the few male-female mascot pairs in existence. In 2006 they were both named "Best Collegiate Mascot" at the 2006 NCA Cheer Camp in Nashville, Tennessee at Vanderbilt University.
The Falcon.
Bowling Green State University was originally known as Bowling Green State Normal College, designated a normal school because its purpose was to train teachers. Because of this, their athletic teams were referred to by a variety of nicknames, such as the "B.G. Normals" and the "Teachers". As the necessity of a mascot and nickname became more apparent over the years, Ivan "Doc" Lake, the sports editor of the local newspaper, decided to come up with a fitting name. In 1927, after reading about falconry, he decided on "Falcons" because the birds were powerful and highly trained, much like the University's athletes.
History.
A creation of the Alpha Phi Omega fraternity, Freddie Falcon made his first appearance at a BGSU men's basketball game on January 16, 1950 against the Bobcats of Ohio University. Under the mask at this first appearance was Bob Taylor. The costume was simple – a papier mache head, a cape and a brown sweatsuit – but the tradition had begun.
Frieda Falcon first appeared on February 25, 1966 as "Mrs. Freddie Falcon". At this time, she was a male cheerleader in disguise. In 1974 Freddie took Frieda to the Homecoming Game. Frieda's costume was borrowed from a woman in town who had worn it to a Halloween party. The costume was worn by a member of the Spirit and Traditions board. In 1980, Frieda was re-introduced as Freddie's little sister. The first full-time female Frieda was Sue Sheard.
Over the years the costume has changed and evolved, going from a papier mache head to a "rubber chicken"-like mask, to the current look, which is a more typical 'cartoon'-like appearance and a head made of fiberglass and synthetic material designed to replicate the appearance of feathers.
Traditions.
The biggest tradition of the mascot position is that the identities of the students who play the roles of Freddie and Frieda are kept secret for the duration of their service. The identities are revealed every spring at a "beheading ceremony" during a basketball game or hockey game.
Other traditions have included the throwing of bubblegum and the wearing of orange Chuck Taylor shoes, which are now represented by large comical high-top shoes with the BGSU logo on them.

</doc>
<doc id="6918803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918803" title="Liverpool JMU">
Liverpool JMU



</doc>
<doc id="6918804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918804" title="Sintesti">
Sintesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918811" title="Kevyn Major Howard">
Kevyn Major Howard

Kevyn Major Howard (January 27, 1956 – February 14, 2025) was a Canadian actor and photographer, best known for his role as Private First Class "Rafterman" in Stanley Kubrick's war film "Full Metal Jacket" (1987).
Life and career.
Howard was born in Montreal, Canada on January 27, 1956. After acting in high school, Howard moved to Los Angeles and Hollywood in the late 1970s. His headshot was delivered to Paramount Pictures and, shortly thereafter, he was called in and booked for his first major film role, in "Serial", starring Martin Mull. This was followed by his first television appearance in an episode of "Trapper John, M.D.". In 1982, Howard appeared as Stomper in "Death Wish II" and later as Hawkins in Clint Eastwood's 1983 film "Sudden Impact", notably making him the only actor to be in both "Death Wish" and "Dirty Harry" film series. In 1987, Howard appeared in his most notable role, the combat photographer "Rafterman" in the Vietnam War film "Full Metal Jacket" directed by Stanley Kubrick. The following year, Howard made an appearance in the episode "Line of Fire" of the cult TV series "Miami Vice". Howard retired from acting in 1999, his final acting credit being in an episode of "Crusade".
In the BBC show "The Human Face", Howard is touted as the "King of the Hollywood headshot" as he became a leading headshot photographer after his retirement from acting.
Howard died in Las Vegas on February 14, 2025, at the age of 69. He had been hospitalized for weeks with respiratory problems.

</doc>
<doc id="6918812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918812" title="Sipotu">
Sipotu



</doc>
<doc id="6918813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918813" title="Chaparrastique">
Chaparrastique



</doc>
<doc id="6918819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918819" title="Siscani">
Siscani



</doc>
<doc id="6918825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918825" title="Sisesti">
Sisesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918826" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918826" title="83rd Grey Cup">
83rd Grey Cup

The 83rd Grey Cup a.k.a. The Wind Bowl was the 1995 Canadian Football League championship game played between the Baltimore Stallions and the Calgary Stampeders at Taylor Field in Regina, Saskatchewan. The Stallions won the game by a score of 37–20. It marked the only time that an American-based team won the Grey Cup.
Game summary.
Baltimore Stallions (37) - TDs, Chris Wright, Alvin Walton, Tracy Ham; FGs, Carlos Huerta (5); cons., Huerta (3); singles, Josh Miller (1).
Calgary Stampeders (20) - TDs, Marvin Pope, Doug Flutie; FGs, Mark McLoughlin (2); cons., McLoughlin (2).
First Quarter&lt;br&gt;
BAL - TD Wright 82-yard punt return (Huerta convert) 2:26&lt;br&gt;
CAL - FG McLoughlin 35-yard field goal 7:19&lt;br&gt;
CAL - FG McLoughlin 32-yard field goal 14:21&lt;br&gt;
Second Quarter&lt;br&gt;
CAL - TD Pope 2-yard pass from Flutie (McLoughlin convert) 0:39&lt;br&gt;
BAL - FG Huerta 30-yard field goal 2:51&lt;br&gt;
BAL - TD Walton 4-yard fumble return (Huerta convert) 7:21&lt;br&gt;
BAL - FG Huerta 45-yard field goal 9:49&lt;br&gt;
BAL - FG Huerta 53-yard field goal 13:30&lt;br&gt;
Third Quarter&lt;br&gt;
BAL - Single Miller 70-yard punt through end zone 1:06&lt;br&gt;
CAL - TD Flutie 1-yard run (McLoughlin convert) 7:58&lt;br&gt;
BAL - TD Ham 13-yard run (Huerta convert) 12:47&lt;br&gt;
Fourth Quarter&lt;br&gt;
BAL - FG Huerta 41-yard field goal 7:29&lt;br&gt;
BAL - FG Huerta 18-yard field goal 13:40
The winds at Taylor Field were particularly strong and gusted up to 85 km/h (50 mph) during the game. Indeed, they were so strong that CFL officials seriously considered postponing the game to the following night. They feared that the temporary stands built at one end at the stadium would not be safe.
The Stallions opened the game with a Grey Cup record 82-yard punt return by Chris Wright just 2:20 into the game. Calgary responded scoring the next 13 points, including a rare touchdown for Marvin Pope on a three-yard pass from Doug Flutie early in the second quarter giving the Stampeders a 13–7 lead.
Baltimore responded with four consecutive scores including three Carlos Huerta field goals against the wind, the longest from a Grey Cup record 53 yards. O. J. Brigance blocked a Tony Martino punt with just under eight minutes to go in the half which was scooped up by Alvin Walton at the five. He dove over for Baltimore's lone touchdown of the half.
In the third quarter after a Baltimore single, Flutie scored a touchdown on a one-yard plunge but it was the last scoring for Calgary. Stallions quarterback Tracy Ham responded with a touchdown of his own and Huerta kicked two field goals to round out Baltimore's scoring.
Trivia.
Tracy Ham was named the game's Most Valuable Player. Ham threw for 213 yards and rushed for a touchdown. Stamps slotback Dave Sapunjis was the game's outstanding Canadian hauling in eight passes for 113 yards.
Stallions linebacker O.J. Brigance would later win Super Bowl XXXV on January 28, 2001 as a member of the National Football League's Baltimore Ravens, becoming the only football player in history to ever win a Grey Cup and a Super Bowl with teams based out of the same city.
This was the first Grey Cup to be played in the province of Saskatchewan.
Shortly after the first round of the 1995 CFL playoffs, the Cleveland Browns announced they were moving to Baltimore. Knowing he could not compete with an NFL team, Stallions owner Jim Speros opted to cancel his franchise and used his organization and players as the basis for reactivating the dormant Montreal Alouettes franchise. As a result, the Stallions along with the Ottawa Rough Riders, are officially the only Grey Cup champions in the modern era to fold.
It also marked the final time "The Star-Spangled Banner" was sung before the Grey Cup game (before the customary playing of "O Canada"), or any CFL game as the CFL ceased its American operations after the end of the season. However, "The Star-Spangled Banner" was sung at the 89th Grey Cup in 2001 (in mark of respect of lives lost due to the 9/11 attacks).

</doc>
<doc id="6918836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918836" title="Slamnesti">
Slamnesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918841" title="Slatioara">
Slatioara



</doc>
<doc id="6918849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918849" title="Slatioarele">
Slatioarele



</doc>
<doc id="6918851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918851" title="Japanese tanks of World War II">
Japanese tanks of World War II

 
The Imperial Japanese Army (IJA) initially purchased foreign tanks for evaluation during World War I, and began developing its own indigenous designs during the late 1920s.
Due to the war with China, Japan produced a large number of tanks. Although initially the Japanese used tanks to good effect in their campaigns, full-scale armored warfare did not occur in the Pacific and Southeast Asian theaters as it did in Europe, and tank development was neglected in favor of naval activities. Later, during the last year of World War II the newest and best Japanese designs were not used in combat; they were kept back in expectation of defending the Japanese Home Islands.
Initial tank procurement.
Near the end of World War I, the Japanese showed an interest in armored warfare and tanks and obtained a variety of models from foreign sources. These models included one British Heavy Mk IV and six Medium Mark A Whippets, along with thirteen French Renault FTs (later designated "Ko-Gata Sensha" or "Type A Tank"). The Mk IV was purchased in October 1918 while the Whippets and Renaults were acquired in 1919.
Trials with these vehicles were successful, and the army decided to establish an armored force in 1925, planning to form three light tank battalions and one heavy tank battalion. However, the greatest problem was equipping these units, as the Japanese did not have any indigenous tank production capability at that time. The IJA therefore sent a mission to purchase more tanks from Britain and France, requesting newer designs. However, the newer tanks were not available as these countries had difficulties supplying them to their own armored forces, and the only available model was the older Renault FT. The Japanese reluctantly imported the Renault FT tanks. In March 1927, the IJA also bought a Vickers Medium C to use for design study. During trials, the gasoline engine of the Vickers C caught fire, leading the Japanese design team to call for a diesel engine for use in indigenous produced tanks. Then in 1930 they were able to acquire ten examples of its successor, the Renault NC1 (designated "Otsu-Gata Sensha" or "Type B Tank"). Both types of tanks were still in active service in 1940, and additional vehicles and spare parts were obtained after the Japanese occupation of French Indochina. The Japanese also purchased several Vickers 6-Ton tanks and Carden Loyd tankettes and used these as a basis for further development in tanks.
Doctrine.
As with the Americans and the Italians, the Japanese originally adopted French-designed tanks, and were influenced by their doctrines and employment. As with many other nations at the time, the Japanese viewed the tank as a tool largely used in direct support of their infantry, and were rarely allowed independent action. During the Second Sino-Japanese War, Japanese tanks were successful, especially as the Chinese had no significant armoured forces of their own.
With their defeat by the Soviet Union at Nomonhan in 1939, the Japanese began to rethink their tank designs and doctrine, although their emphasis would continue to remain on supporting the infantry. However, with the beginning of the Pacific War, Japan's priorities shifted to warship and aircraft production, and resources for the production of armored vehicles for the Army were diverted or curtailed.
In addition, the terrain of Southeast Asia and the islands of the Pacific were in general not suited to armored warfare, being largely tropical rainforests. Aside from the invasion of Malaya, and the Philippines, large-scale Japanese use of tanks was limited during the early years of the war and therefore development of newer designs were not given high priority as the Japanese strategy shifted to a "defensive orientation" after the 1941-42 victories.
Older tanks continued to be used as defensive emplacements and infantry support weapons. Advanced Japanese tank designs, which could challenge Allied tanks did not appear until the close of World War II; as with many innovative weapons projects launched by Japan in the final years of the war, production could not advance beyond either small numbers or the prototype stage due to material shortages, and the loss of Japan's industrial infrastructure by the Allied bombing of Japan.
Japanese designs.
For both security and logistical reasons, certain officers and engineers in the Japanese Army Technical Bureau during the early 1920s were adamant that future tanks should be made in Japan. General Suzuki (chief of the Technical Bureau) protested at the Ministry of War decision to purchase foreign designs, which ultimately led to that decision being reversed. A special committee of the Imperial General Staff (Daihonei) worked on the feasibility of indigenous design and development of Japanese armor.
However, indigenous design and production of armored vehicles would prove to be difficult, due to minimal experience with military motor vehicle design (the engineers had only designed several types of trucks and one type of tractor), along with low priority for tank steel production. Moreover, the first design had to be completed in only two years or the program would be canceled.
Type 87 Chi-I (Experimental tank No.1).
Development of the first Japanese-designed tank began in June 1925. A team of engineers of the Technical Bureau participated in the development, including a young army officer, Major Tomio Hara. Hara later became the head of the tank development department and rose to the rank of general. According to Hara, the first tank on the agenda was to develop a medium main battle tank. The team started their design and worked hard to complete the project within the two years allocated. As this was the first tank designed in Japan, they had to begin with almost every component built from scratch.
The design was completed in May 1926 and production was ordered to begin at the Osaka Army Arsenal. At the time, there was little heavy industry allocated to the production of motor vehicles in Japan, so there were significant difficulties creating the prototype. Experimental tank No.1 a/k/a Type 87 Chi-I was completed by February 1927. The 20-ton tank underwent field trials, but proved to be under-powered. The weight of this initial prototype and its low speed did not impress the Imperial Japanese Army General Staff Office, so a new requirement was issued for a lighter tank, with a nominal weight. The new design was modeled after a Vickers Medium Mark C tank, which had been purchased by the Japanese Army in March 1927. Along with the Osaka Army Arsenal, Sagami Army Arsenal was also assigned to oversee the design and manufacture of assorted types of armored vehicles and tanks.
The tank had a complex parallelogram suspension system with two pairs of road bogie wheels per leaf spring arrangement. Hara designed a bell crank scissors suspension that paired the bogie wheels and connected them to a coil spring mounted horizontally outside the hull. This suspension became standard on the majority of the subsequently designed Japanese tanks and can be seen on the Type 95 Ha-Go light tank and Type 97 Chi-Ha medium tank, as examples.
Type 89 Chi-Ro medium tank.
The IJA decided that the Type 87 Chi-I was too heavy and slow to be used as its main tank, so the Type 89 Chi-Ro was developed to overcome these shortcomings. The new design weighed 12.8 tons and used stronger and lighter steel plate instead of the Type 87's iron armor. Armament was a Type 90 57 mm gun, along with two Type 91 6.5 mm machine guns. The Type 89 prototype was completed in 1929, with production starting in 1931, making this the first tank to be mass-produced in Japan. The designation is also known as the Type 89 "I-Go" and sometimes transliterated "Yi-Go".
The Type 89 had two variants - the Kō ("A"), which used a water-cooled gasoline engine, and the Otsu ("B"), with an air-cooled diesel engine and improved frontal armor. Of the two versions made, a total of 113 Kō tanks and 291 Otsu tanks were produced. The Type 89 served with Japanese infantry divisions and first saw combat use in China during the First Battle of Shanghai in 1932. It was deployed for operations in the Second Sino-Japanese War, beginning in 1937. However, by the late 1930s the Type 89 was shown to be fast becoming obsolete. The IJA therefore began a program to develop a replacement tank for infantry support and with the out-break of war with China, the peacetime budgetary limitations were removed. The Mitsubishi "Chi-Ha" model was thereby accepted as the new Type 97 medium tank by the army as the replacement for the Type 89.
Type 95 Ha-Go light tank.
The Type 95 Ha-Go was a replacement for the Type 89 medium tank, which was considered too slow for mechanized warfare. The prototypes were built by Mitsubishi and production was started in 1936, with 2,300 completed by the end of the war. It was armed with a 37 mm main gun and two 7.7 mm (0.303 inch) machine guns, one in the rear section of the turret and the other hull-mounted. The Type 95 weighed 7.4 tons and had three crewmen.
Type 95 Ha-Go tanks served during the Battle of Khalkhin Gol (Nomonhan) against the Soviet Red Army in 1939, against the British Army in Burma and India, and throughout the Pacific Theater during World War II. On 22 December 1941 the Type 95 light tank earned the distinction of being the first tank to engage in tank vs tank combat with US manned American tanks (M3 Stuart light tanks in the Philippines) during World War II; and the only enemy tanks to have ever landed on North American soil during any war.
Several variants were built, among them: the prototype Type 3 Ke-Ri, which mounted the Type 97 57 mm tank gun; the Type 4 Ke-Nu, a conversion, re-fitted with the larger Type 97 Chi-Ha medium tank turret and its Type 97 57 mm tank gun; and the Type 5 Ho-Ru, a prototype casemate-hulled turretless self-propelled gun similar to the German Hetzer, but with a Type 1 47 mm tank gun.
Type 97 Chi-Ha medium tank.
The was the most widely produced Japanese medium tank of World War II, with about 25 mm thick armor on its turret sides, and 30 mm on its gun shield, considered average protection in the 1930s. Some 3,000 units were produced by Mitsubishi, including several types of specialized tanks. Initial versions were armed with a low-velocity Type 97 57 mm tank gun that was designed to support the infantry, but its shortcomings became clear during the 1939 Battles of Khalkhin Gol against the Soviet Union. This convinced the army of the need for a more powerful gun. Development of a new 47 mm weapon was completed by 1941. The Type 1 47 mm tank gun was designed specifically to counter the Soviet tanks.
With the development of a new main tank gun came a revised version of the Type 97, designated Type 97 "Shinhōtō Chi-Ha" ("new turret" Chi-Ha) or Type 97-"Kai" ("improved"). It used the high-velocity Type 1 47 mm tank gun in its new, larger three-man turret. It replaced the original model in production in 1942. In addition, "about 300" of the Type 97 tanks with the older model turret and 57 mm main gun were converted.
Type 97 Shinhoto Chi-Ha tanks were first used in combat during the Battle of Corregidor Island of the Philippines in 1942. While it was vulnerable to opposing Allied tanks (US M3 Lee/British M3 Grant, M4 Medium and T-34), the 47 mm high-velocity gun did give the Shinhoto Chi-Ha a fighting chance against them and it is considered to be the best Japanese tank to have seen "combat service" in the Pacific War.
Type 98 Ke-Ni light tank.
The was designed to replace the Type 95 Ha-Go light tank. It is also referred to as the Type 98 Chi-Ni light tank by some sources. It was developed in 1938 to address deficiencies in the Type 95 design already apparent from combat experience in Manchukuo and China in the Second Sino-Japanese War. The Imperial Japanese Army General Staff realized that the Type 95 was vulnerable to heavy machinegun fire––so it determined the development of a new light tank with the same weight as the Type 95, but with thicker armor was needed.
Even though the Hino Motors "Chi-Ni Model A" prototype was accepted after field trials as the new Type 98 light tank, series production did not begin until 1942. The Type 98 had a two-man turret, an improvement on the asymmetrical turret used on the Type 95, carrying a Type 100 37 mm tank gun, with a muzzle velocity of and a 7.7 mm machine-gun in a coaxial mount. A total of 104 Type 98s are known to have been built: 1 in 1941, 24 in 1942 and 79 in 1943.
One prototype variant was the Type 98 Ta-Se, an anti-aircraft tank that mounted a 20 mm AA gun. Another variant known as the Type 2 Ke-To light tank began production in 1944. It mounted an improved Type 1 37 mm tank gun in an enlarged turret, which gave the tank "slightly better performance". However, only 34 tanks were completed by the end of the war. No Type 2 Ke-To light tanks are known to have engaged in combat prior to Japan's surrender.
Type 1 Chi-He medium tank.
The Type 1 Chi-He was developed in 1942 to replace the Type 97. The three-man turret and 47 mm gun of the Type 1 were retrofitted on the modified hull of the Type 97, which the factories were already producing. Its angled, thicker frontal armor was welded, as opposed to riveted. The Mitsubishi Type 100 diesel engine at 240 hp generated 70 horsepower more than the Mitsubishi Type 97 diesel engine, and was thus more than able to compensate for the additional weight in armor. The Type 1 Chi-He was the first Japanese tank to carry a radio as standard equipment in each tank, eliminating the need to use signal flags by the platoon commander. The newer tank proved to be superior to the Type 97 in design, speed and armor protection.
Even so, production did not begin until 1943, due to the higher priority of steel allocated to the Imperial Navy for warship construction. After less than one year, production was discontinued in favor of the Type 3 Chi-Nu medium tank, as the Type 1 Chi-He still would underperform against the American M4 Sherman. A total of 170 units were built from 1943 to 1944, but they did not see combat use as they were allocated to the defense of the Japanese home islands.
Type 3 Chi-Nu medium tank.
The Type 3 Chi-Nu medium tank was urgently developed to counter the American M4 Sherman medium tank. Originally, the next tank in development to replace the Type 1 Chi-He was the Type 4 Chi-To medium tank. However, the development of the Type 4 Chi-To was delayed, and a "stopgap tank" was needed. Development of the Type 3 Chi-Nu occurred in 1943. It was the last design based directly on Type 97 lineage. The low priority given tanks, along with the raw material shortages meant that the Chi-Nu did not enter production until 1944. The Chi-Nu retained the same chassis and suspension of the Type 1 Chi-He, but with a new large hexagonal gun turret and a commander's cupola. The Type 3 75 mm tank gun was one of the largest guns used on Japanese tanks. The thickest armor used was 50 mm on the front hull; it also had 25 mm on the turret, 25 mm on the sides and 20 mm on the rear deck. The Chi-Nu was the best and most powerful IJA tank to go into general production and deployment. However, given the fact available raw materials were in very short supply, and with much of Japan's industrial infrastructure being destroyed by American strategic bombing in 1945, its production run was severely curtailed.
The Chi-Nu did not see combat during the war. All produced units were retained for the defense of the Japanese Homeland in anticipation of the projected Allied Invasion. They were to be part of the "Mobile Shock Force" to be used for counter-attacks against the anticipated Allied invasion. The 4th Tank Division based in Fukuoka on Kyushu had a "significant" number of the Type 3 Chi-Nu tanks produced at its depot by the end of the war.
Type 4 Chi-To medium tank.
The was one of several new medium and heavy tanks developed by the Imperial Japanese Army towards the end of World War II. It was the most advanced Japanese wartime tank to reach the production phase.
The Type 4 Chi-To was a thirty-ton, all-welded tank with a maximum armor thickness of about 75 mm. It was much larger than the Type 97 Chi-Ha, with a longer, wider, tall chassis, supported by seven road wheels on each side. The gasoline engine was significantly more powerful than the engine of the Type 3 Chi-Nu, giving it a top speed of . The tank had a range of . The main armament, a Type 5 75 mm tank gun, was based on the Type 4 75 mm AA Gun that was in turn essentially a copy of a Bofors Model 1929 75 mm AA Gun, housed in a large powered, well-armoured hexagonal gun turret. It had one Type 97 heavy tank machine gun mounted in the front hull, and there was a ball mount on the side of the turret for a second one. Two Type 4 Chi-To tanks were completed prior to the end of the war. Neither of the completed tanks saw combat use.
Type 5 Chi-Ri medium tank.
The was the ultimate medium tank developed by the Imperial Japanese Army in World War II. Intended to be a heavier, lengthened, more powerful version of Japan's sophisticated Type 4 Chi-To medium tank, in performance it was designed to surpass the US M4 Sherman medium tanks being fielded by the Allied forces. Originally, the tank was to be fitted with the same Type 5 75 mm tank gun used on the Type 4 Chi-To and with a front hull-mounted Type 1 37 mm tank gun. Eventually, an 88 mm gun (based on the Type 99 88 mm AA Gun) was planned for the turret. There were also plans for a variant known as the Type 5 Chi-Ri II, which was to be diesel powered and using the Type 5 75 mm tank gun as its main armament.
Along with the Type 4 Chi-To tanks, the Type 5 Chi-Ri was originally considered for use in the final defense of the Japanese home islands against the expected Allied invasions. However, the project was abandoned to free up manpower and critical resources to concentrate on the development and production of the more practical Type 4 Chi-To medium tank. As with many innovative weapons projects launched by Japan in the final months of World War II, production could not advance due to material shortages, and the loss of Japan's industrial infrastructure to the allied bombing of Japan. With the end of the Pacific War, an incomplete Type 5 prototype was seized by American forces during the occupation of Japan.
As with other Japanese tanks there were variants of the Type 5 Chi-Ri planned. The experimental Type 5 Ho-Ri tank destroyer was a more powerful tank destroyer (gun tank) than ones already produced, such as, the Type 1 Ho-Ni I, Type 1 Ho-Ni II and Type 3 Ho-Ni III. The Type 5 Ho-Ri was to use a 105 mm cannon with an additional 37 mm gun mounted in the front hull. The superstructure for the main gun was placed at the rear, the engine was positioned in the center of the chassis and the driver's station was in the front hull section; all similar in design to the German Ferdinand/Elefant heavy tank destroyer. Another planned version was to have a twin 25 mm anti-aircraft gun mounted on top of the rear casemate superstructure. There was also a planned variant known as the Ho-Ri II, with the boxy superstructure for the main 105 mm cannon designed to be integral with the hull's sides and placed at the center of the chassis (similar to the German Jagdtiger). The 105 mm main gun was produced and tested. However, according to multiple sources, no prototypes of the Ho-Ri were completed.
O-I super-heavy tank.
The O-I experimental super-heavy tank had four turrets and weighed 120+ tons and required a crew of 11 men. It was 10 meters long by 4.2 meters wide with an overall height of 4 meters. The armor was 200 mm at its maximum, and the tank had a top speed of 25 km/h. It had two gasoline engines, and was armed in the main central turret with a modified Type 92 105 mm cannon, and several smaller turrets on the hull in the front and rear. According to Akira Takizawa (on the original plans), the tank was to have a 70 mm gun in each of the two forward sub-turrets and two Type 97 7.7 mm machine guns in the rear sub-turret. It has been reported that an incomplete prototype without turrets was built, with the project ending after the tank proved to be "impractical". However, the complete development history of the O-I prototype is unknown and no photographs of the incomplete O-I are known to exist.
Amphibious tanks.
During the 1930s and 1940s, Japan produced a number of amphibious tank designs, including prototypes such as the Sumida amphibious armored car (AMP), SR I-Go, SR II Ro-Go, SR III Ha-Go, Type 1 Mi-Sha (a/k/a Type 1 Ka-Mi) and Type 5 To-Ku. Production amphibious tanks included the Type 2 Ka-Mi, and Type 3 Ka-Chi; production amphibious transports included the F B swamp vehicle and Type 4 Ka-Tsu APC. All production units were for use by the Japanese Special Naval Landing Forces in campaigns in the Pacific with amphibious operations.
The Type 1 Mi-Sha was an early experimental design that led to the first production Japanese amphibious tank known as the Type 2 Ka-Mi, which was based on the Type 95 Ha-Go light tank chassis. Production began in 1942 with only 182 to 184 units being produced. Type 2 Ka-Mi was first used in combat on Guadalcanal in late 1942. Later they were encountered by US forces in fighting on the Marshall Islands, the Mariana Islands and on the Philippine island of Leyte in late 1944.
The Type 3 Ka-Chi was based on an extensively modified Type 1 Chi-He medium tank and was a larger and more capable version of the earlier Type 2 Ka-Mi. However, given the fact the main priorities of the navy were in warship and aircraft production, and lacking in any definite plans for additional amphibious operations, production of the Type 3 Ka-Chi remained a very low priority. Only 12 to 19 Type 3 Ka-Chi tanks were built by the end of the war.
The Type 5 To-Ku was a large, heavy prototype based on the Type 5 Chi-Ri chassis and Type 3 Ka-Chi. It was fitted with a modified turret of the one used on the Type 97 Shinhoto Chi-Ha medium tank that mounted a Type 1 25 mm gun. In addition, it had a front hull mounted Type 1 47 mm tank gun. The suspension, pontoons and propulsion system were substantially the same as the Type 3 Ka-Chi.
Overall production.
In the period between 1931 and 1938 the Japanese built nearly 1,700 new tanks By 1939, Japan produced 2,020 operational tanks. In the following year, Japan had the 5th largest tank force in the world. The peak of Japanese tank production was in 1942, but declined afterwards owing to aircraft and warship priorities, along with material shortages. By 1944, total production of tanks and AFV's had fallen to 925 and for 1945, only 256 were produced. Japan developed many experimental and operative armored vehicles, tanks and tank-destroyer types throughout the war; but largely held them in reserve, for home-land defense.

</doc>
<doc id="6918852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918852" title="Barbra Joan Streisand (album)">
Barbra Joan Streisand (album)

Barbra Joan Streisand is the thirteenth studio album by American singer Barbra Streisand, released in August 1971 on Columbia Records. It was her second consecutive album produced by Richard Perry and features backing work by members of the female band Fanny. Like the two previous studio albums, the singer continued to opt for a more contemporary repertoire, this time choosing three songs by Carole King, two by John Lennon, two by Burt Bacharach and Hal David in medley form, one each by Laura Nyro and the trio Michel LeGrand, Marilyn Bergman and Alan Bergman, and one by Donald Fagen and Walter Becker, who would go on to form Steely Dan.
Three singles were released from the album, two of which had a moderate performance on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and were a hit on the Adult Contemporary chart. The album was well received by audiences and critics and went gold in the United States, Belgium and Sweden.
Production and release.
In the late 1960s, Columbia Records began pressuring Barbra to record albums with more contemporary songs, as her albums until then consisted of big band songs, broadway musicals, and cabarets. The first attempt failed, and the 1969 album "What About Today?" became the first sales failure in the singer's career. Success would come with the follow-up album "Stoney End", which sold over a million copies in the United States alone. With the next album, "Barbra Joan Streisand", the singer continued to choose a more current repertoire. The album includes interpretations of many contemporary singer-songwriters of the day, including John Lennon, Laura Nyro, and three selections from Carole King's iconic 1971 album "Tapestry". It also includes the first recording of "I Mean to Shine", written by the then-unknown Steely Dan duo of Donald Fagen and Walter Becker (Steely Dan did not issue their first record until the following year).
Three singles were released to promote the album. The first one is from the music "Where You Lead", composed by Carole King and released in the US as a single in June 1971. It charted at number 40 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number 3 on the Adult Contemporary chart. "Mother" was released as the second single; it reached number 79 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number 24 on the AC Chart. The third and final single, "Space Captain", failed to chart.
Critical reception.
The album received favorable reviews from music critics.
William Ruhlmann from "AllMusic" website gave the album four and a half star out of five and wrote that although the singer "was not able to make the final transition into the pop/rock realm" thanks to the fact she doesn't compose her songs, she was as effective "making other people's songs her own".
"Billboard" magazine wrote that the material was "fine" and choose the songs "Where You Lead", "Love", "Space Captain" and "Beautiful" as the album's cuts.
Stephen Holden from "Rolling Stone" magazine gave the album an unfavorable review and wrote that Streisand "invariably dramatizes and stylizes whatever she sings", he praised the songs "Since I Fell For You" and "The Summer Knows". But regarding the Carole King and John Lennon songs she recorded, he wrote: "god, forbid".
"The Encyclopedia of Popular Music" gave the album three out of five stars.
Commercial performance.
The album reached #11 on the "Billboard" Pop Albums chart and was certified Gold by the RIAA. The album peaked #25 in Canada. It peaked #99 in the 1971's Year-end chart of the Cash Box magazine. According to the liner notes of Barbra's retrospective box set: Just for the Record, the album also received a record certification in Belgium and in Sweden.
Track listing.
Side one
Side two

</doc>
<doc id="6918854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918854" title="List of places in Alaska (A)">
List of places in Alaska (A)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6918857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918857" title="Slobozia Noua">
Slobozia Noua



</doc>
<doc id="6918860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918860" title="Steve Webster MBE">
Steve Webster MBE



</doc>
<doc id="6918861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918861" title="Smardan">
Smardan



</doc>
<doc id="6918865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918865" title="Karen Nyberg">
Karen Nyberg

Karen LuJean Nyberg (born October 7, 1969) is an American mechanical engineer and retired NASA astronaut. Nyberg became the 50th woman in space on her first mission in 2008. Nyberg holds a Ph.D. in mechanical engineering. She started her space career in 1991 and spent a total of 180 days in space in 2008 and 2013 as a mission specialist on STS-124 and a flight engineer on Soyuz TMA-09M.
Early life and education.
Nyberg was born on October 7, 1969, in Parkers Prairie, Minnesota, to parents Kenneth and Phyllis Nyberg. She graduated from the public high school in Henning, Minnesota, in 1988.
Nyberg graduated "summa cum laude" with a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering from the University of North Dakota in 1994. She continued her studies at the University of Texas at Austin, earning a master of science in mechanical engineering in 1996. Her studies centered on human thermoregulation and experimental metabolic testing and control, and focusing on the control of thermal neutrality in space suits. This work at the Austin BioHeat Transfer Laboratory led to her doctorate in mechanical engineering in 1998, also from the University of Texas at Austin.
Career.
She was selected as an astronaut candidate by NASA in July 2000. After two years of training and evaluation she qualified as a mission specialist and was assigned for technical duties in the Astronaut Office Station Operations Branch. She was crew support astronaut for the Expedition 6 crew during their six-month mission on the ISS. In July 2006, Nyberg took part in , a deep-sea training and simulation exercise at the Aquarius underwater laboratory to help NASA prepare for the return of astronauts to the Moon and crewed missions to Mars. Nyberg and her crewmates lived and worked underwater for seven days.
Nyberg was in the crew of STS-124, which flew to the ISS in May 2008. This was the second of three flights to deliver components to complete the Japanese Kibō laboratory. In May 2009, she was assigned to the STS-132 mission, which launched in May 2010, but had to be replaced three months after assignment due to a temporary medical condition. Nyberg then served in a technical role until she received her next assignment, as a flight engineer on the Expedition 36/37.
In 2013 Nyberg served as a flight engineer on ISS Expedition 36 and Expedition 37, having launched on Soyuz TMA-09M. On the 50th anniversary on June 16, 2013, of Vostok 6, the first spaceshot by a woman, Valentina Tereshkova, Nyberg was one of only two women then in space, the other being Chinese astronaut Wang Yaping aboard the Tiangong-1 on the Shenzhou 10 mission. In September she posted a photograph of a stuffed dinosaur she had created in orbit from space station scraps, which is thought to be the first stuffed animal handcrafted in space. Stuffed animals are often taken to space, for sentimental purposes but also because they are good zero-gravity indicators: they start to float when entering the orbit. During this mission, Nyberg completed diverse tasks, for example simulating an emergency scenario training.
Since the end of her 2013 mission, Nyberg has worked for NASA in the Space Shuttle branch, the Exploration branch, and as Chief of the Robotics branch. 
Nyberg retired from NASA in March 2020.
Personal life.
Nyberg's hometown is Vining, Minnesota. She is of Norwegian ancestry. She is married to fellow astronaut Doug Hurley and they have a son. They reside together in League City, Texas. Her recreational interests include running, sewing and quilting, drawing and painting, backpacking, piano, and spending time with her family.
Awards and honors.
She has won a host of awards including the UND Young Alumni Achievement Award (2004); Space Act Award (1993); NASA JSC Patent Application Award (1993); NASA Tech Briefs Award (1993); NASA JSC Cooperative Education Special Achievement Award (1994); Joyce Medalen Society of Women Engineers Award (1993–94); D.J. Robertson Award of Academic Achievement (1992) and University of North Dakota School of Engineering &amp; Mines Meritorious Service Award (1991–1992).
She was awarded the NASA Distinguished Service Medal in 2014. It is the highest form of recognition by NASA for Government employees.

</doc>
<doc id="6918866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918866" title="Soimeni">
Soimeni



</doc>
<doc id="6918872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918872" title="Michael Obiku">
Michael Obiku

Michael (“Mike”) Edirin Obiku (born 24 September 1968 in Warri) is a retired Nigerian football striker. He is currently coach at Feyenoord Rotterdam's Soccer Schools.
Club career.
Obiku started his career with Flash Flamingoes in his native Nigeria and earned a move to highfliers Iwuanyanwu Nationale. From there, he moved on to become very successful in Cyprus. Then Feyenoord Rotterdam chairman Jorien van den Herik, who had a house on Cyprus, lured him to Rotterdam. On club level he won the Dutch Eredivisie in 1993 and the KNVB Cup in 1994 and 1995 with Feyenoord. He later became the first Nigerian to play in the J1 League. In 1999–2000 he returned to Cyprus and to his favourite team Anorthosis Famagusta F.C. He scored 13 goals and helped his club to win the Championship for the 4th time in a row in Cyprus. After so many years Obiku is still one of the legends of Anorthosis Famagusta FC and he is considered one of the all-time best players who ever played not only for the club but also in Cyprus. The fans never forgot his first spell in the club in 1989–1992 scoring 36 goals and gave him the nick "Black Diamond".
Memorable moments.
When Obiku scored for Feyenoord, he usually took off his shirt, threw it on the ground and danced around it.
During a match against Willem II he jumped in the fences surrounding the pitch and injured his hands while grabbing the barbed wire. He did play on but had to have treatment on his bleeding hands first.
On 8 March 1995 he won over the Rotterdam supporters when he scored the golden goal in the KNVB Cup quarter-finals against eternal rivals Ajax Amsterdam. Ajax won the Champions League that season but were finished off by Obiku thanks to a marvellous solo effort.
International career.
He represented the Nigerian national team at the 1988 African Cup of Nations, played in two World Cup qualifying matches and played 12 minutes at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He played his final international match in April 1993 against Ethiopia.

</doc>
<doc id="6918873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918873" title="Soldanesti">
Soldanesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918874" title="Mike Obiku">
Mike Obiku



</doc>
<doc id="6918875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918875" title="List of places in Alaska (B)">
List of places in Alaska (B)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6918877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918877" title="Solonet">
Solonet



</doc>
<doc id="6918880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918880" title="Development of Japanese Tank in WW2">
Development of Japanese Tank in WW2



</doc>
<doc id="6918888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918888" title="Yehliu">
Yehliu

Yehliu () is a cape in Wanli District, New Taipei, Taiwan.
The cape, known by geologists as the Yehliu Promontory, forms part of the Daliao Miocene Formation. It stretches approximately into the ocean and was formed as geological forces pushed the Datun Mountains out of the sea.
A distinctive feature of the cape is the hoodoo stones that dot its surface. These shapes can be viewed at the Yehliu Geopark operated by the North Coast and Guanyinshan National Scenic Area administration. A number of rock formations have been given imaginative names based on their shapes. The best known is the "Queen's Head" (女王頭), an iconic image in Taiwan and an unofficial emblem for the town of Wanli. Other formations include the "Fairy Shoe", the "Beehive", the "Ginger Rocks", and the "Sea Candles".
Queen's Head.
Queens Head Rock is a natural formation in Yehliu, Taiwan. Named after its resemblance to a woman's head, it took over 4,000 years to form. The length of its neck is and has been weathered at a rate of per year. The popularity of the site draws increasing numbers of international tourists.
Princess' Head.
There is a successor to Queen's Head Rock, which is called the Princess’ Head in the park. The successor is chosen to distract the attention of the Queen's Head and prevent the Queen's Head Rock from being touched by tourists and accelerate the damage.
Since the Queen's Head Rock is fragile, it has been protected by a stone necklace.

</doc>
<doc id="6918892" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918892" title="Augustin Malroux">
Augustin Malroux

Augustin Malroux (5 April 1900 – 10 April 1945) was a French socialist politician and member of the French Resistance, a teacher by profession.
Political ascent.
Born in Blaye-les-Mines, Tarn, as the son of a miner and a laundress, Augustin Malroux studied at the "École normale" for teachers at Toulouse. After his military service, from 1920 to 1922, he was assigned to Provence, then being sent to teach in Tarn "département" in 1927, with his wife, herself a teacher.
Although the precise date of his entrance in the "Section française de l'Internationale ouvrière" (SFIO, French Section of the Second International) remains unknown, he founded the socialist section of Lafenasse and became its secretary. He took part in all the congresses of his federation, as well as at the national congress at Paris, in July 1933, where he supported Léon Blum and opposed Adrien Marquet. On 4 February 1934, he became secretary of the Tarn socialist federation. In this capacity, he took a firm stand against the neo-socialists.
In 1935, he was elected mayor of his native commune. The following year, he became a deputy in the National Assembly of France and a member of the Permanent Administrative Commission, at the time the decision-making organ of the SFIO. He made several visits to the "départements" of Aveyron, Haute-Garonne and Hérault, also visiting the French Algeria "département" of Oran, in April 1937, to support local socialists. His trip to Algeria was sharply criticised by certain newspapers, as he manifested his anti-colonialism.
In December 1938, he presented an amendment to exempt wheat headed to the Spanish Republic from export duties. In February 1940, he denounced the partiality of the censors – who permitted the publication of explicit appeals to murder Léon Blum – and outrages committed against the principle of laïcité. He was thus attacked by certain deputies of the right and of the extreme right, notably Philippe Henriot.
Hero and martyr of the Resistance.
On 10 July 1940, he was one of the parliamentarians voting not to grant full powers to Marshal Pétain. He wrote to his wife and children: "I was raised with a love of the Republic. Today, they intend to crucify her. I do not associate myself with this assassin's gesture." Having returned to the Tarn "département", he secretly put back together the socialist federation. In September 1940, he participated in the founding of the "Comité d'action socialiste" (CAS, Socialist Action Committee) for the "zone occupée", offered his Parisian residence for clandestine meetings, and then assured the link between CAS Nord and CAS Sud (Southern Zone), the latter founded by Daniel Mayer. In May, and then in December 1941, he participated in the meetings of CAS Sud. He worked actively with Suzanne Buisson and Edouard Froment. From 1941, he was a member of the "Confrérie Notre-Dame" (Notre-Dame Brotherhood) and of the "Organisation civile et militaire" (Civil and Military Organisation).
With equal vigour, Augustin Malroux made efforts to maintain contact with those Socialist deputies who had been interned or imprisoned. One man whom he kept abreast of his activities was Louis Noguères, another SFIO deputy who had voted against granting full powers and was placed under house arrest for this by the Vichy regime.
From 1940, he was also charged with establishing a link between "Libération-sud" and "Libération-Nord". In 1942, this movement asked him to create a combat group. Finally, he participated in the clandestine rebuilding of the Syndicat national des instituteurs (National Teachers' Union).
Arrested on 2 March 1942 in Paris, Augustin Malroux was then imprisoned in Fresnes. On 15 September 1943, he was deported to Germany. First imprisoned in the camp at Neunkirchen, he was then transferred to prisons at Frankfurt am Main, Kassel, Halle and Berlin in September–October 1943, then to the camp at Bad Saarow, from October 1943 to February 1945, and finally to the camp at Bergen-Belsen, where he died.
News of his death only emerged several months later. The Tarn SFIO had placed him at the head of their list for the municipal elections in Carmaux in May 1945.
Tributes.
In April 1946, a plaque was engraved in front of his Paris house. Robert Verdier delivered a speech on this occasion. A monument was then unveiled at Albi in the presence of Jean Biondi.
Streets in several towns of Tarn "département" bear his name, as does the "collège" of Blaye-les-Mines, opened in 1990 by Lionel Jospin, then Minister of National Education.

</doc>
<doc id="6918898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918898" title="Hindeodus">
Hindeodus

Hindeodus is an extinct genus of conodonts in the family Anchignathodontidae. The generic name "Hindeodus" is a tribute to George Jennings Hinde, a British geologist and paleontologist from the 1800s and early 1900s. The suffix -odus typically describes the animal's teeth, essentially making "Hindeodus" mean Hinde-teeth.
Conodonts such as "Hindeodus" are typically small, elongate, marine animals that look similar to eels today. "Hindeodus" existed from the early Carboniferous through the early Triassic during which they inhabited a wide variety of different environments in the Paleozoic and Triassic seas. Their body consisted entirely of soft tissues, except for an assortment of phosphatic elements believed to be their feeding apparatus. Despite years of controversy regarding their phylogenetic position, conodonts such as "Hindeodus" are now considered to be vertebrates. They are slightly more derived than the early vertebrates called Cyclostomata, and are part of a large clade of "complex conodonts" called Prioniodontida in the order Ozarkodinina. "Hindeodus" fossils are distributed worldwide due to the diversity of environments they inhabited. Species of "Hindeodus" are differentiated by slight variation of the elements of their feeding apparatus. A species of "Hindeodus" called "Hindeodus parvus" is particularly well studied because it is used as an index fossil defining the Permian-Triassic boundary.
History and discovery.
"Hindeodus" was first described by Rexroad and Furnish in 1964 during the Illinois State Geological Survey's study of Mississippian stratigraphy.  The specimen was found in the Pella Formation of South-central Iowa which is known for excellent preservation of conodonts. However, species of "Hindeodus" were among the least abundant fossils (less than 0.25 specimens per kilogram of sample). They initially believed that "Hindeodus" may be a species of "Trichondella" or "Elsonella" but determined that "Hindeodus" is not morphologically and phylogenetically comparable to either and thus, must be a new genus.
While faunal diversity during the end Permian extinction event (251 million years ago) drastically plummeted, "Hindeodus" survived into the early Triassic. A possible explanation for this is the versatility of certain "Hindeodus" species in terms of the environments they are able to survive in. Additionally, there is evidence that "Hindeodus" was able to migrate during the Permian-Triassic transitional period which lead to its wide distribution worldwide during this time.
Description and paleobiology.
"Hindeodus" elements.
"Hindeodus" was primarily soft-bodied; the only mineralized tissue of "Hindeodus" (and all other conodonts) are their “elements” that are tooth like structures arranged in particular positions and are thought to have served as a feeding apparatus functioning to grasp and intake prey.
Because conodont elements are essentially the only basis for conodont taxonomy, elements are extensively studied and debated. Therefore, there is specific categorization of elements based on their shape and position. The elements are divided into S, M and P elements. In "Hindeodus", S elements are ramiform (branch-like), M elements are makellate (pick-shaped) and P elements are pectiniform (cone-shaped). The "H.parvus" apparatus in particular consists of six kinds of elements arranged in 13 different positions: nine S elements (unpair S0, paired S1, S2, S3, S4), two M elements, and one pair of P elements (P1). The S0 element is unpaired and has a long sharp cusp but lacks a posterior process. S1 and S2 elements are differentiated by being laterally compressed and having a long sharp cusp with two lateral processes. S3 and S4 elements have a long sharp cusp and an anterior process that is shorter than the posterior process. The M element is the typical makellate (pick-shaped) structure and the P1 element is pectiniform. There are several different hypotheses for the functions of the "Hindeodus" apparatus. One hypothesis is that the elements were used as support structures for filamentous soft tissue used for suspension feeding. However, upon further analysis it was determined that the S, M and P elements would not provide enough surface area to support ciliated tissue needed for suspension feeding. The more accepted hypothesis is that the conodont elements were used for predation. It is predicted that the S and M elements open allowing the prey to be captured in the oral cavity of the animal. The cusps of these elements aid in food intake by firmly gripping the prey while the blade-like P elements slice like a pair of scissors. This hypothesis is supported by the presence of lingual cartilage found in conodonts that resembles those found in extant cyclostomes (Hagfish and Lamprey) which are also predators.  
Morphology of conodont teeth varies widely, but the 15-element dentition of conodonts and their relative position is stable from the Ordovician to the Triassic. The typical 15-element apparatus consisted of 4P elements, 9S elements, and 2M elements. However, Triassic conodonts (such as "Hindeodus parvus") only had a 13-element apparatus (9S elements, 2M elements and 2P elements). It was previously believed that the 2 missing elements were due to failure to preserve S1 elements. This was not highly plausible because every other element was exceptionally preserved on the same bedding plane, so it was unlikely that apparatuses were preserved incompletely. An alternative hypothesis was that "Hindeodus" lost two S elements which implies changes in capture of prey (as the primary function of the S and M array is to trap prey in the animal's mouth). A final hypothesis is that "Hindeodus" lost two P elements which implies changes in food processing ability, which may be due to a change of diet to food that requires less slicing or crushing to ingest. Upon analysis of conodont history, it is evident that while P elements vary among conodonts, the S-M array is essentially conserved for over 250 million years. This suggests that evolutionary constraints on the number of S and M elements are stronger than those for the P elements, and thus are less likely to change. The loss of P elements is likely linked to the Permian-Triassic extinction event during which many environmental changes occurred that may have impacted the availability of "Hindeodus" prey, resulting in a change of diet and a new food processing mechanism. 
Classification.
"Hindeodus" is characterized by a P element with a large cusp, denticles that increase in width anteriorly (toward the head) except for the anterior-most denticle and generally decrease in height anteriorly, except for the posterior-most three denticles (the ones furthest back) which are at equal heights. Their cusps are much higher than denticles, and they possess S elements with a short lateral processes that are slightly upturned laterally with denticles of variable size. "Hindeodus" is differentiated from other conodonts by having P elements with large fixed cusps located at the anterior end of the blade and usually grow primarily by adding new denticles only to the posterior end of the element. Other conodonts vary in growth pattern and location of their cusps. For example, Ozarkidina have cusps located within the blade and growth can occur both anteriorly or posteriorly. In "Hindeodus", the P element is crucial for identifying the genus, and had a stable morphology from the Carboniferous into the Triassic with only one minor morphological change. However, in the late Permian and the early Triassic there was rapid evolutionary change especially in the P element. The cause of rapid change in morphology is not certain, but may be related to environmental changes leading to different availability of food source thus leading to changes in feeding mechanism.
Species of "Hindeodus" are divided into two groups based on the morphology of the posterior portion of the elements. Species such as "H.parvus" and "H.eurypyge" grow posteriorly and look rectangular from a lateral perspective. Elements grow by the addition of new denticles to the posterior margin. After one denticle fully grows, a bulge begins to form on the lower posterior margin of the element, and gradually grows upward until the denticle fully develops. The cycle repeats with a new bulge. These elements tend to grow evenly thus yielding a rectangular shape. In contrast, other species such as "H.typicalis" of "H. latidentatus" have a sloped lateral profile because the posterior section slopes downward. New denticles form near the posterobasal corner and grow gradually upward but also to the side. These elements tend to preferentially grow on the posterior portion of the element leading to a more sloped shape.
"Hindeodus" is part of a large clade Prioniodontida (otherwise known as "complex conodonts") which has two major orders of conodonts, Prioniodinina and Ozarkodinina. "Hindeodus" is part of Ozarkodinina in the family Anchignathodontidae. The synapomorphies that define the clade Prioniodontida is the presence of a P elements with an inner lateral process and peg-like denticles. The synapomorphies of Ozarkodinida are not as clear, but may be the presence of inner and outer lateral process on the S elements.
Species relationships within the genus "Hindeodus" are also complex, and there is lack of an established and accepted phylogenetic association between species of "Hindeodus", but certain relationships may be inferred. "H.parvus" is likely derived from "H.latidentatus" based on the location of the fossils along with similarities among their elements. "H.parvus" and its forerunner "H.latidentatus" are both easily identified by their P element of their apparatus and their S elements. However, "H.parvus" is differentiated by the presence of cusps that are two times longer than the surrounding denticles. There are also transition forms that have apparatus features of both "H.parvus" and "H.latidentatus" which provide evidence of "H.parvus" being derived from "H.latidentatus". There is also evidence to suggest that most species of "Hindeodus" likely evolved from "H.typicalis" and an unnamed species "H.n.sp.B" that were alive in the early Changsingian. Additionally, the genus Isarcicella likely evolved from Hindeodus ("H.parvus") in the Early Triassic.
Paleoenvironmental and geological information.
The paleoecology of "Hindeodus" was frequently debated. Clark (1974) proposed that "Hindeodus" was most abundant in nutrient-deficient deep waters of normal salinity, but some may have been in shallow water as well. Behnken (1975) proposed that Hindeodus lived in abnormal salinities. Wardlaw and Collinson (1984) proposed that Hindeodus dominated in lagoonal facies. Orchard (1996) considered Hindeodus to be dominant in shallow, near shore and warm regions. The general consensus now is that "Hindeodus" lived in wide range of marine depositional environments: nearshore, shallower, and warmer environments as well as deep-water environments, and offshore environments.
Kozur (1996) pointed out that the presence of "Hindeodus" in a certain area seems to not be controlled by the depth of the water or distance to the shore, but more dependent on the presence of competitor species (such as Gondelellids) that are better adapted to survive in that environment. For example, in the Meishan, Gondelellids were dominant in deep warm-water environments before the ecological stress that occurred in the Late Permian (which was possibly short-lasting cooling in low latitudes due to presence of aerosoles). Gondelellids and many other Permian species in the area disappeared, but ecologically tolerant "Hindeodus" survived and dominated the area. A similar situation occurred in Iran where Gondelellids were abruptly replaced by the "Hindeodus" in the deep-water areas. There is evidence that "Hindeodus" was able to migrate during the Permian Triassic transitional period which lead to its wide distribution worldwide during this time. They were able to survive and evolve in warm-water or cold water and shallow water or deep-water environments despite widespread anoxia during the Permian-Triassic transitional period. This is one of the reasons "Hindeodus" is an ideal index fossil for the defining the Permian-Triassic boundary.
However, not all species of "Hindeodus" were able to survive and thrive in a variety of different environments. Species such as "H. julfenis, H.changxingensis, H.altudaensis" among others are ecologically restricted to deeper, but warm water environments. They are never found in shallow water facies, or in deep water that was presumably home to cold water fauna. In contrast, more common species such as "H. typicalis", and "H. parvus" were more ecologically tolerant and could live in environments not tolerated by other conodonts. "H.parvus" in particular is exceptionally versatile in regards to what environments it inhabited. "H. parvus" was found in both shallow water deposits as well as pelagic deposits. It is found in Japan, North America, the Boreal realm (Greenland), and the entire Tethys.
Although "Hindeodus" is globally widespread, the Meishan section in Changxing County, Zejiang Province, South China is one of the more notable locations "Hindeodus" fossils were located. The Meishan section is used as the GSSP (global boundary stratotype section and point) for the Permian-Triassic boundary defined by the first appearance of "H.parvus". It is a continuous, pelagic sedimentary record across the Permian-Triassic boundary without any stratigraphic gaps, and is essentially thermally unaltered (CAI=1-1.5). The section consists of 7 quarries at the southern slope of the Meishan hill, 70 to 400m away from each other. The beds of these quarries are nearly identical as they have the same thickness, facies, and fossil content. Quarry D is best studied because it exposes the entire Changxing Limestone whereas the other quarries only expose the middle and upper part of the Changxing Limestone.
Biostratigraphic significance.
The species "Hindeodus parvus" is an index fossil whose first appearance in the fossil beds at Meishan, Changxing County, Zhejiang marks the base of the Triassic, and thus the boundary between the Triassic and Permian. 96% of the fauna in the late Permian disappeared at the Permian-Triassic boundary. Most of the groups that disappeared, re-appeared in the late Olekian (Middle Triassic). It is hypothesized that the extinction was caused by dense aerosols from strong volcanic activity in areas such as the Siberian Trap. These dense aerosols then caused short-lived rapid cooling in low latitudes, similar to a nuclear winter. Widespread anoxic conditions in the lower Triassic prevented the fauna from recovering.  Despite the rapid decrease in fauna, the exact Permian/Triassic boundary was still undetermined. It was initially defined by the first appearance of ammonoid (cephalopod) "Otoceras." Then, the base of the Triassic was defined by the appearance of "Isarcicella isarcica". The location of "Isarcicella isarcica" is nearly identical to the base of "H. parvus", but there are several advantages to using "H. parvus" to define the biostratigraphic Permian-Triassic boundary. Firstly, "Hindeodus" is the first globally distributed species that appears immediately after (5 cm above) the minimum in fossil diversity indicated by the minimum in Carbon 13 at the Meishan section. "Hindeodus" is also not environmentally restricted and can be found in both shallow water deposits and deep-water deposits. It is also thermally tolerant and is found in cool-water environments, mild environments as well as tropical warm-water. Additionally, the derivation of "H. parvus" from its forerunner "H. latidentatus" is clear because they are found sandwiched between transition forms. Despite the close proximity with similar fossils, "Hindeodus" is easily determinable and readily separable by its large cusp. The wide distribution, clear derivation, and easy identifiability of "Hindeodus" makes it the ideal index fossil, which is why the International Commission on Stratigraphy (ICS) has assigned the First Appearance Datum of "Hindeodus parvus" as the defining biological marker for the start of the Induan, 252.2 ± 0.5 million years ago, the first stage of the Triassic.

</doc>
<doc id="6918902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918902" title="Stanca">
Stanca

Stanca may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6918907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918907" title="Stancesti">
Stancesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918916" title="Dimorphotheca ecklonis">
Dimorphotheca ecklonis

Dimorphotheca ecklonis, also known as Cape Marguerite, African daisy, Van Staden's River daisy, Sundays River daisy, white daisy bush, blue-and-white daisy bush, star of the veldt, Kaapse magriet, jakkalsbos, Vanstadensrivier madeliefie, or Sondagsrivier madeliefie is a perennial ornamental plant that is native to South Africa. It features white ray florets and a dark blue centre and is part of the Asteraceae family. The species is named after Christian Friedrich Ecklon, a Danish botanical collector who explored the flora of the Cape in the early 1800s. It is regarded as an invasive plant in parts of Australia, particularly Victoria and Western Australia.
Features.
"Dimorphotheca ecklonis" is an evergreen, perennial dwarf shrub that can grow up to tall. The flowerheads measure up to in diameter. The leaves measure and are glandular fluffy, sessile, elliptical, slightly succulent, narrow obovate, and entire or serrated. The heads are on long stems and have a diameter of . The bracts are long and glandular. The rays are white above and reddish blue below. The disc is dark blue or purple. The fruit surface is net-wrinkled.
The plant contains hydrocyanic acid, making it poisonous to livestock, such as cattle, and pets, such as rabbits and rodents.
The plant is a useful model organism for experiments because of traits such as the ability to grow quickly and all year round. It can also be used as a UV indicator because it is phototropic and sensitive to radiation.
Distribution.
When found naturally the plants can be seen growing at the base of cliffs or on steep hills. It is native to a small area in the Eastern Cape, South Africa, around Uitenhage and Humansdorp and is found on wet grass and in river beds at altitudes up to . It prefers subtropic biomes but has been introduced into the Azores, California, Mauritius, New South Wales, Queensland, Réunion, Spain, Tunisia, Victoria, and Western Australia. It has become popular in Europe in places such as Sicily, Italy.
Cultivation and Propagation.
"Dimorphotheca ecklonis" can be grown as a perennial but based on the temperature swings of the local climate it can be grown as an annual plant. The peak flowering period is in spring, although some flowers will last through summer. The plants grow fast and thrive best in full sun, in poor to moderately fertile, well-drained, sandy soil.
It is widely used as an ornamental plant in pots and beddings. In places, such as Australia, where it has become invasive the white coloured flowers grow as groundcover plants.
New plants can be cultivated from seeds or cuttings. The plants should be propagated by seed in spring at cooler temperatures (18°C). It is recommended that the seeds, which germinate easily, are planted from one another. For propagation via cuttings, softwood cuttings should be taken in late spring and semi-ripe cuttings should be taken in late summer.

</doc>
<doc id="6918924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918924" title="Christmas Concerto">
Christmas Concerto

Concerto grosso in G minor, Op. 6, No. 8, by Arcangelo Corelli, known commonly as the Christmas Concerto, was commissioned by Cardinal Pietro Ottoboni and published posthumously in 1714 as part of Corelli's "Twelve concerti grossi, Op. 6". The concerto bears the inscription "" ("made for the night of Christmas"). Its composition date is uncertain, but there is a record of Corelli having performed a Christmas concerto in 1690 for the enjoyment of his new patron.
The concerto is scored for an ensemble consisting of two concertino violins and cello, ripieno strings and continuo. The work is structured as a "concerto da chiesa", in this case expanded from a typical four movement structure to six:
Each relatively short movement provides multiple tempi and a range of major and minor suspensions. The concerto is generally no longer than fifteen minutes, ending with Corelli's famous "Pastorale ad libitum", a peaceful finale in the pastorale form.

</doc>
<doc id="6918926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918926" title="Stanculesti">
Stanculesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918929" title="Cape marguerite">
Cape marguerite



</doc>
<doc id="6918930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918930" title="List of places in Alaska (C)">
List of places in Alaska (C)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6918935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918935" title="Stanesti">
Stanesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918937" title="The Chambered Nautilus">
The Chambered Nautilus



</doc>
<doc id="6918938" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918938" title="Biasca">
Biasca

Biasca is a town of the district of Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
History.
Biasca is first mentioned in 830 as "Aviasca" in the "Liber viventium" of Pfäfers Abbey. In 1119 it was mentioned as "Abiasca".
Early history.
In 948, the Bishop of Vercelli donated the area around Biasca to the Bishop of Milan. This led to the spiritual and secular domination of the valley north of Bellinzona. During the Bishop's conflicts with the Holy Roman Empire over the Lombardy provinces, Biasca and the surrounding region suffered from armies marching through the valley.
A branch of the Orelli family of Locarno was given the castle above Biasca, near the chapel of S. Petronilla, in the 12th century. They were also given the rights of high justice over the village. However, in 1292 the village was able to push through an agreement that allowed them to elect some local leaders, giving them limited self-government. The Orelli family ruled until the middle of the 14th century, when their territory was incorporated into the dominion of the Visconti. They granted the village along with the Blenio valley to the Bolognese Pepoli family. In the second half of the 14th century, Biasca as was granted the right to choose the "Console" who had the right to call courts. This right was confirmed in 1422 and subsequent years. In 1403, after the death of Gian Galeazzo, the Visconti Duke, Biasca was conquered by the two Swiss cantons of Uri and Obwalden and incorporated into the Italian bailiwicks of the two towns. In 1422 the Visconti troops of Milan attacked and at the Battle of Arbedo defeated the Swiss and reestablished Milan's borders.
Under the Swiss Confederation.
In 1439, the town was attacked by Uri once again. The Duke of Milan reinforced Biasca and in 1441 made it a bulwark against the Leventina valley which had been conquered by Uri. It was again attacked and occupied by Uri in 1449. The town reached an agreement in 1450 with the new Duke of Milan, Francesco Sforza, which confirmed the previously extended rights. Other raids took place after the death of Francesco Sforza in 1466 and during the campaign of 1478. It was probably annexed in 1495 along with the rest of the Blenio valley by the Swiss. After 1500 it was part of the Bailiwick of Riviera.
In 1512, a landslide from Monte Crenone created a dam across the Brenno river north of the village. The dam created a long lake above the village, until 1515 when the dam burst causing heavy damage. Due to its location on a major Alpine road traffic, the local economy gradually recovered from this disaster. However, at the end of the 16th and at the beginning of the 17th century, at least three major plague epidemics hit the town. After repeated searches, Charles Borromeo chose Biasca as the center to spread the reforms of the Council of Trent to the Tre Valli region.
Located at the entrance to the Alpine valleys, Biasca as has always played an important role in regional and trans-Alpine trade, even after the Gotthard route opened in the early 13th century. The Orelli family collected tolls on the roads after 1352. In the following years, the existence of a "Sust" or transshipment warehouse for the transit of goods is mentioned in Biasca. Starting in 1434, the municipality collected a fee, known as "forletto" on the transport of goods over the passes. In addition to transportation, the main income sources were, forestry, agriculture in the valleys and livestock which spent their summers in alpine pastures and migrated in the winter to the valley.
Early Modern Biasca.
The construction of the road network in 1815 and the construction of the Gotthard tunnel led to an economic and demographic change in Biasca as it lost its rural character. A feature of the history of Biasca from the middle of the 19th century into the early 20th century is the large number of atheists living in the town as well as a number of anti-clerical acts. In 1980, it became the town in Switzerland with the highest proportion of non-religious. The cause of this phenomenon is probably the influence of immigrants and the railway workers in the 19th century.
For a few decades, the silkworm industry flourished in Biasca. Also, the granite mining industry is important to the whole region, and it reached its peak in Biasca in 1900. In the wake of industrialization, the first economic class battles in Ticino broke out in Biasca. There remains a strong Socialist Party core in the town.
Modern Biasca.
In the postwar years, Biasca's economy grew strongly, especially the industrial sector (in 1990, 43% of the economically active population) and the service sector (56%). Agriculture lost almost all importance in the area and now only provides about 1% of jobs. Most of the development has occurred around the Biasca industrial zone, which is the only one in the canton that is considered "of Cantonal importance". The services sector has grown as Biasca has become a hub for the entire Tre Valli region. The addition of Biasca on the trans-alpine rail link (NEAT) is expected to encourage it to continue its growth.
Churches of Biasca.
The parish church of San Pietro dates back to the migration period following the collapse of the Western Roman Empire. It is the oldest Ambrosian Rite church in the region that came to be known as "Ambrosian Valleys", which included the Levantine and Blenio valleys and the villages of the Riviera village down to Gnosca and Claro. It was the center of a parish at Biasca. However, it appears that the Church of San Martino in Olivone formed another independent parish, at least until the mid-12th century. The Church of San Pietro was probably built in the 11th century. It became a collegiate church with a dean and canons. The collegiate chapter's statutes originate in 1398. It possessed the right to collect tithes in the Riviera and Levantine valleys. The Church of SS Giacomo e Filippo was finished in 1468 the village, but was destroyed, along with other religious and secular buildings, during the wars of the early 16th century. A Catholic church, the Rotonda di San Carlo, is a magnificent example of the modern architecture of the Milanese architect Macciacchini.
Geography.
Biasca has an area, , of . Of this area, or 4.8% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 45.0% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 4.9% is settled (buildings or roads), or 2.0% is either rivers or lakes and or 36.7% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 1.9% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.8%. Out of the forested land, 35.2% of the total land area is heavily forested and 3.7% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 2.4% is used for growing crops and 1.9% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 13.7% is unproductive vegetation and 23.0% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Riviera district, between the Leventina, Blenio and Riviera valleys. It is the most important community in the so-called "Ambrosian Valleys". The "Ambrosian Valleys" were several alpine valleys that were traditionally a center of Ambrosian Rite churches. It is north of Bellinzona, on the banks of the Brenno. About east of Biasca is the small lake of Carigiolo, from which a stream with an waterfall flows. The villages of Loderio, Ponte, Pontirone, Sant'Anna, and Valle belong to the municipality.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Per pale argent a serpent erect azure and or an eagle displayed sable langued beaked and membered gules and overall in a chief gules two keys argent in saltire tied with a ribbon also argent."
Demographics.
Biasca has a population () of . , 35.6% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of -1.2%. Most of the population () speaks Italian (5,026 or 86.7%), with Albanian being second most common (205 or 3.5%) and Serbo-Croatian being third (194 or 3.3%). There are 45 people who speak French and 7 people who speak Romansh.
, the gender distribution of the population was 49.7% male and 50.3% female. The population was made up of 1,821 Swiss men (30.6% of the population), and 1,137 (19.1%) non-Swiss men. There were 2,019 Swiss women (33.9%), and 978 (16.4%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 2,330 or about 40.2% were born in Biasca and lived there in 2000. There were 1,098 or 18.9% who were born in the same canton, while 286 or 4.9% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 1,979 or 34.2% were born outside of Switzerland.
In there were 30 live births to Swiss citizens and 22 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 50 deaths of Swiss citizens and 8 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 20 while the foreign population increased by 14. There was 1 Swiss man and 2 Swiss women who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 27 non-Swiss men and 18 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 69 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 39 people. This represents a population growth rate of 0.5%.
The age distribution, , in Biasca is; 554 children or 9.3% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 615 teenagers or 10.3% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 712 people or 12.0% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 738 people or 12.4% are between 30 and 39, 950 people or 16.0% are between 40 and 49, and 795 people or 13.4% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 745 people or 12.5% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 530 people or 8.9% are between 70 and 79, there are 316 people or 5.3% who are over 80.
, there were 2,277 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 2,900 married individuals, 388 widows or widowers and 230 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 2,369 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.4 persons per household. There were 727 households that consist of only one person and 134 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 2,371 households that answered this question, 30.7% were households made up of just one person and 47 were adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 522 married couples without children, 902 married couples with children. There were 137 single parents with a child or children. There were 34 households that were made up unrelated people and 2 households that were made some sort of institution or another collective housing.
 there were 967 single family homes (or 67.5% of the total) out of a total of 1,433 inhabited buildings. There were 394 multi-family buildings (27.5%), along with 40 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (2.8%) and 32 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (2.2%). Of the single family homes 18 were built before 1919, while 75 were built between 1990 and 2000. The greatest number of single family homes (315) were built between 1946 and 1960.
 there were 2,883 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was 4 rooms of which there were 1,049. There were 127 single room apartments and 518 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 2,364 apartments (82.0% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 381 apartments (13.2%) were seasonally occupied and 138 apartments (4.8%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 5.6 new units per 1000 residents. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 1.35%.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Arsenale, and the provost's church of SS. Pietro e Paolo are listed as Swiss heritage site of national significance. The town of Biasca and the village of Pontirone are both part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 34.53% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (21.72%), the CVP (17.57%) and the Ticino League (17.54%). In the federal election, a total of 1,460 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 47.2%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 3,093 registered voters in Biasca, of which 2,029 or 65.6% voted. 39 blank ballots and 3 null ballots were cast, leaving 1,987 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 494 or 24.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 437 or 22.0%), the SSI (with 396 or 19.9%) and the LEGA (with 318 or 16.0%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 22 blank ballots and 4 null ballots were cast, leaving 2,003 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PS which received 495 or 24.7% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 488 or 24.4%), the LEGA (with 439 or 21.9%) and the SSI (with 314 or 15.7%).
Economy.
, Biasca had an unemployment rate of 4.82%. , there were 77 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 37 businesses involved in this sector. 768 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 72 businesses in this sector. 1,479 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 237 businesses in this sector. There were 2,464 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 37.7% of the workforce.
 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 2,052. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 34, all of which were in agriculture. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 675, of which 265 or (39.3%) were in manufacturing, 18 or (2.7%) were in mining and 322 (47.7%) were in construction. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 1,343. In the tertiary sector; 432 or 32.2% were in wholesale or retail sales or the repair of motor vehicles, 75 or 5.6% were in the movement and storage of goods, 113 or 8.4% were in a hotel or restaurant, 1 or 0.1% were in the information industry, 58 or 4.3% were the insurance or financial industry, 93 or 6.9% were technical professionals or scientists, 143 or 10.6% were in education and 205 or 15.3% were in health care.
, there were 1,351 workers who commuted into the municipality and 1,087 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net importer of workers, with about 1.2 workers entering the municipality for every one leaving. Of the working population, 7.2% used public transportation to get to work, and 61.4% used a private car.
, there were 4 hotels in Biasca with a total of 70 rooms and 157 beds.
Religion.
From the , 4,230 or 73.0% were Roman Catholic.
From this 2000 census 101 or 1.7% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. 
Of the rest of the population, there were 233 members of an Orthodox church (or about 4.02% of the population), there were 2 individuals (or about 0.03% of the population) who belonged to the Christian Catholic Church, and there were 84 individuals (or about 1.45% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church.
There were 5 individuals (or about 0.09% of the population) who were Jewish. In Ticino, the synagogues are in Lugano.
According to this 2000 census, 395 (or about 6.82% of the population) were Islamic. There were 3 individuals who were Buddhist, 1 individual who was Hindu and 2 individuals who belonged to another church. 538 (or about 9.28% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 201 individuals (or about 3.47% of the population) did not answer the question.
Weather.
Biasca has an average of 97.3 days of rain or snow per year and on average receives of precipitation. The wettest month is May during which time Biasca receives an average of of rain or snow. During this month there is precipitation for an average of 11.4 days. The driest month of the year is December with an average of of precipitation over 5.6 days.
Education.
In Biasca about 1,887 or (32.6%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 372 or (6.4%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 372 who completed tertiary schooling, 55.6% were Swiss men, 26.6% were Swiss women, 13.4% were non-Swiss men and 4.3% were non-Swiss women.
In Biasca there were a total of 1,015 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Biasca there were 153 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 309 students attended the standard primary schools and 8 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 250 students in the two-year middle school and 6 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 94 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 61 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 114 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 20 students in the professional program.
, there were 81 students in Biasca who came from another municipality, while 193 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Transport.
Biasca is served by the Biasca station, situated within the municipality. The station is on the Gotthard railway.
Sport.
The HCB Ticino Rockets were the city's main team and play in the Swiss League (SL) as the affiliate of both HC Lugano and HC Ambrì-Piotta of the National League (NL). They play their home games in the 3,800-seat Raiffeisen BiascArena.

</doc>
<doc id="6918939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918939" title="Van Staden's River daisy">
Van Staden's River daisy



</doc>
<doc id="6918942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918942" title="Dagmar Neubauer">
Dagmar Neubauer

Dagmar Neubauer ( Rübsam; born 3 June 1962 in Suhl) is a retired German sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres.
At the 1982 European Championships she finished sixth in the 400 metres, but won a gold medal in the 4 × 400 metres relay together with teammates Kirsten Siemon, Sabine Busch and Marita Koch. At the 1983 World Championships she finished seventh in the individual event and won another gold medal in the relay, with teammates Kerstin Walther, Sabine Busch and Marita Koch. East Germany boycotted the 1984 Olympics.
At the 1987 World Championships Neubauer did not reach the final in the individual event, but instead won another gold medal in the relay, with teammates Emmelmann, Petra Schersing and Busch. At the 1988 Summer Olympics she won another relay medal, this time a bronze medal alongside her teammates Emmelmann, Busch and Schersing.
Neubauer twice broke the world record in the women's 4 × 400 m relay during the 1980s. In September 1982 she clocked 3:19.04 minutes alongside Emmelmann, Busch and Koch. Two years later, in June 1984 in Erfurt, her team ran in 3:15.92 minutes.
Her personal best time was 49.58 seconds, achieved in June 1984 in Erfurt. This places her sixth on the German all-time list, behind Marita Koch, Sabine Busch, Petra Müller, Grit Breuer and Bärbel Wöckel.
Neubauer represented the sports club SC Turbine Erfurt and was coached by Eberhard König.

</doc>
<doc id="6918946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918946" title="Poker Game (pricing game)">
Poker Game (pricing game)



</doc>
<doc id="6918950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918950" title="Sundays River daisy">
Sundays River daisy



</doc>
<doc id="6918951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918951" title="List of places in Alaska (D)">
List of places in Alaska (D)

This is a list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska. It also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the area or place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6918952" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918952" title="Stefanca">
Stefanca



</doc>
<doc id="6918957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918957" title="Judge Herriman">
Judge Herriman



</doc>
<doc id="6918958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918958" title="Belize premier football league">
Belize premier football league



</doc>
<doc id="6918960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918960" title="Stejeris">
Stejeris



</doc>
<doc id="6918962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918962" title="White daisy bush">
White daisy bush



</doc>
<doc id="6918965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918965" title="Musketeer (disambiguation)">
Musketeer (disambiguation)

A musketeer is an early-modern type of infantry soldier.
Musketeer or Musketeers may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6918970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918970" title="Stoenesti">
Stoenesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918974" title="Blue-and-white daisy bush">
Blue-and-white daisy bush



</doc>
<doc id="6918976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918976" title="San Francisco in popular culture">
San Francisco in popular culture

Depictions of San Francisco in popular culture can be found in many different media. San Francisco is frequently used with its iconic landmarks such as the Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz and cable cars; social change of the Asian immigration, Summer of Love and the economic California Dream of the Gold Rush and Silicon Valley.
Literature.
San Francisco's diversity, eccentric characters, and geographic scenery have provided a backdrop for many works of fiction, including:
Film.
As in the case of fiction novels, San Francisco has served as a backdrop to a large number of films, some of which show the Golden Gate Bridge. Films set in the city include:
Television.
Although the city is a frequent backdrop for many television shows, many 80s sitcoms set in San Francisco (such as "Full House") were actually shot in studios in the Los Angeles area. Since the mid-90s, many productions supposedly set in the City by the Bay are actually filmed in Canada, most notably in Vancouver, a frequent double for the cities of San Francisco and Seattle on the small screen. Canadian provinces often offer attractive tax incentives and more flexible union regulations for production companies.
"Monk" was shot in Vancouver before moving to Los Angeles, and only a few exterior shots involving San Francisco landmarks are actually filmed in the city. Similarly, recent short-lived series such as "Presidio Med", "The Evidence" or "Killer Instinct" were actually shot in the Los Angeles or Vancouver areas. The city of San Francisco has tried to counter this trend over the past few years by reducing filming fees and streamlining the permit approval process.
San Francisco is also a vital part of the "Star Trek" science fiction media franchise. It hosts the headquarters and council chambers of the United Federation of Planets, as well as its military/exploration arm, Starfleet. In addition, the Presidio hosts Starfleet's primary service academy, Starfleet Academy. A major Federation shipyard named after the city, site of the construction and refit of several starships named "Enterprise", resides in geosynchronous orbit of Earth.
The TV shows "Trauma", "Midnight Caller", "The Streets of San Francisco" and "Nash Bridges" were filmed entirely in the San Francisco Bay area. The Nash Bridges Reboot pilot started shooting in 2021, 20 years after the final episode of the original series aired.
Fiction.
Television programs that highlight the city and its people include:
Video games.
In the "Carmen Sandiego" computer games, the headquarters of the ACME Detective Agency is always located in San Francisco.
The "Rush" racing series is largely based in San Francisco, especially "" and "Rush 2049".
In "Sim City", there is a scenario re-creating the 1906 San Francisco earthquake.
San Francisco is the backdrop for all five "Tex Murphy" games by Access Software. The eponymous detective makes the POST WWIII city his home and his cases start there even if they don't ultimately come to resolution there. The games feature prominent S.F. landmarks such as The Golden Gate Bridge, Coit Tower, and Alcatraz. In The Pandora Directive, there are 3 paths the story takes: Mission Street – The High Moral Path; Boulevard of Broken Dreams – The Low Moral Path; and Lombard Street – The In between (or Back and Forth) Moral Path.
"" from Sierra On-Line (1989) was set in San Francisco, and included visits to such local landmarks as Fisherman's Wharf and Alcatraz Island.
San Francisco is one of the key locations in "Fallout 2".
San Francisco is a level in both "Tony Hawk's Pro Skater" and in "Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4".
It's one of the four playable cities in "Driver" and the main setting of ".
The City of San Fierro in " is largely based on San Francisco, though significantly smaller and with slightly more of a focus on Rural areas.
San Fierro features Rockstar's interpretations of the Haight-Ashbury district ("Hashbury"), the Castro district ("Queens"), Chinatown, and the Golden Gate Bridge ("Gant Bridge"), as well as the city's prominent cable cars and hilly terrain. Several other familiar landmarks have been recreated, from the Ferry Building and the Transamerica Pyramid ("Big Pointy Building") to Lombard Street ("Windy Windy Windy Windy Windy Street"), and Scottish landmarks such as the Forth Bridge and the Forth Road Bridge. There is a district known as "Garcia", a tribute to Grateful Dead frontman and San Francisco native Jerry Garcia, and San Fierro's City Hall closely resembles San Francisco's ornate City hall.
In "Destroy All Humans! 2", the first level is in Bay City, a parody of San Francisco featuring the Coit Tower, Alcatraz (called 'The Rock') and Hashbury Street, as well as the Golden Gate Park.
"Resistance 2" for the PlayStation 3 based its first level on the edge of San Francisco in an underwater secret base belonging to SRPA. A memorable moment was when Nathan Hale steps outside to see the Chimeran fleet hovering over a destroyed San Francisco with the Oakland Bay Bridge in flames.
"Call of Duty: Black Ops II" features the "Raid" multiplayer map in California, along with the zombies map "MOB of the Dead," set in and around the Alcatraz Prison, seemingly infested by the undead.
"Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare" features the Golden Gate Bridge in the mission "Collapse".
"Mario Kart 8" for the Wii U features a race course named Toad Harbor, which is heavily based on San Francisco.
"Watch Dogs 2" is based in San Francisco and the surrounding Bay Area.
In "Sonic Adventure 2", the first level is City Escape, which is based on San Francisco. This level also reappears in "Sonic Generations".
San Francisco is an explorable city in American Truck Simulator.
Mostly in ruins and barely recognizable, San Francisco is partially shown in Horizon: Forbidden West.
"Asphalt Legends Unite" features San Francisco as a playable race course.

</doc>
<doc id="6918977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918977" title="Strambeni">
Strambeni



</doc>
<doc id="6918979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918979" title="List of places in Alaska (E)">
List of places in Alaska (E)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6918983" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918983" title="K. Megan McArthur">
K. Megan McArthur

Katherine Megan McArthur (born August 30, 1971) is an American oceanographer, engineer, and NASA astronaut. She has served as a Capsule Communicator (CAPCOM) for both the Space Shuttle and International Space Station (ISS). Megan McArthur has flown one Space Shuttle mission, STS-125, and one SpaceX mission, SpaceX Crew-2 on Crew Dragon "Endeavour". She is known as the last person to be hands on with the Hubble Space Telescope via the Canadarm. McArthur has served in a number of positions including working in the Shuttle Avionics Laboratory (SAIL). She is married to fellow astronaut Robert L. Behnken.
Early life.
McArthur was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, but grew up in California. She attended London Central High School and graduated from St. Francis High School in Mountain View, California, then later earned a B.S. degree in aerospace engineering at the University of California, Los Angeles in 1993. In 2002, she was awarded a Ph.D. in oceanography from the Scripps Institution of Oceanography at the University of California, San Diego.
Oceanography career.
At the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, McArthur conducted graduate research in nearshore underwater acoustic propagation and digital signal processing. Her research focused on determining geoacoustic models to describe very shallow water waveguides using measured transmission loss data in a genetic algorithm inversion technique. She served as chief scientist during at-sea data collection operations and has planned and led diving operations during sea-floor instrument deployments and sediment-sample collections. While at Scripps, she participated in a range of in-water instrument testing, deployment, maintenance, and recovery, and collection of marine plants, animals, and sediment. During this time, McArthur also volunteered at Birch Aquarium, conducting educational demonstrations for the public from inside a 70,000-gallon (265 m³) exhibit tank of the California Kelp Forest.
NASA career.
Selected as a mission specialist by NASA in July 2000, McArthur reported for training in August 2000. She trained at the Sonny Carter Training Facility.
Following the completion of two years of training and evaluation, she was assigned to the Astronaut Office Shuttle Operations Branch working technical issues on shuttle systems in the Shuttle Avionics Integration Laboratory (SAIL). McArthur then served as the crew support astronaut for the Expedition 9 crew during their six-month mission aboard the International Space Station (ISS). She also worked in the Space Station and Space Shuttle Mission Control Centers as a Capsule Communicator (CAPCOM). In 2006, McArthur was the CAPCOM for STS-116. She was also the EVA capcom for the STS-117 mission in 2007.
STS-125.
In 2009, Megan McArthur was a member of the STS-125 mission to service the Hubble Space Telescope. McArthur was the ascent and entry flight engineer and was the lead robotics crew member for the mission. The mission which lasted almost 13 days was McArthur's first trip into space. In a pre-flight interview, she put it as: "I'll be the last one with hands on the Hubble Space Telescope."
In 2019, McArthur was appointed Deputy Chief of the Astronaut Office.
Expedition 65/66.
In July 2020, NASA announced that McArthur would fly into space for the second time on SpaceX Crew-2, along with NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough, JAXA astronaut Akihiko Hoshide, and ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet. She used the same seat inside the SpaceX Crew Dragon capsule "Endeavour" which her husband, Bob Behnken used in SpaceX Demo-2, the first mission of the "Endeavour" capsule.
Crew-2 launched and docked with the ISS in April 2021, beginning their 6 month mission. It splashed down in the Gulf of Mexico in November 2021.
Awards and honours.
In 2022, SpaceX's Dragon former support vessel "GO Searcher" was renamed "Megan" along with "GO Navigator" as "Shannon" after SpaceX Crew-1 astronaut, Shannon Walker. A SpaceX fairing recovery/droneship support vessel was named after her husband as "Bob" in 2021. In 2021, McArthur was selected as a Bloomberg New Economy Catalyst.
Personal life.
McArthur is married to fellow astronaut Bob Behnken, and they have one son.
She appeared as an animated version of herself in seasons 4 and 7 of "Blaze and the Monster Machines".

</doc>
<doc id="6918985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918985" title="Osteospermum ecklonis">
Osteospermum ecklonis



</doc>
<doc id="6918987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918987" title="Surdesti">
Surdesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918991" title="Urban Communities of San Diego">
Urban Communities of San Diego



</doc>
<doc id="6918992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918992" title="Tamasesti">
Tamasesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918995" title="List of places in Alaska (F)">
List of places in Alaska (F)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6918997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918997" title="Botulin toxin">
Botulin toxin



</doc>
<doc id="6918998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918998" title="Tariceni">
Tariceni



</doc>
<doc id="6919001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919001" title="Chinameca (volcano)">
Chinameca (volcano)

Chinameca (also known as El Pacayal) is a stratovolcano in central-eastern El Salvador. It lies north of San Miguel volcano and rises over the town of Chinameca. The volcano is topped by a wide caldera known as Laguna Seca el Pacayal, and a satellite cone on the west side, Cerro el Limbo, rises higher than the caldera rim. Fumaroles can be found on the north side, and it has been the site of a geothermal exploration program.

</doc>
<doc id="6919002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919002" title="Trizina">
Trizina



</doc>
<doc id="6919003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919003" title="Claro, Switzerland">
Claro, Switzerland

Claro is a former municipality in the district of Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
On 2 April 2017 the former municipalities of Camorino, Giubiasco, Gnosca, Gorduno, Gudo, Moleno, Monte Carasso, Pianezzo, Preonzo, Sant'Antonio and Sementina merged into the municipality of Bellinzona.
Geography.
Claro has an area, , of . Of this area, or 11.5% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 72.1% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 5.8% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.3% is either rivers or lakes and or 7.0% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 3.3% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.6%. Out of the forested land, 66.5% of the total land area is heavily forested and 1.9% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 7.5% is used for growing crops and 3.3% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 4.9% is unproductive vegetation and 2.1% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Riviera district. It consists of the village of Claro and a number of scattered, small settlements along the left side of the Riviera valley.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Argent a crown rising croma coupeaux vert."
Demographics.
Claro has a population () of . , 16.7% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 22.7%. Most of the population () speaks Italian language (1,917 or 88.8%), with German being second most common (127 or 5.9%) and Serbo-Croatian being third (35 or 1.6%). There are 23 people who speak French and 1 people who speak Romansh.
, the gender distribution of the population was 49.1% male and 50.9% female. The population was made up of 1,010 Swiss men (39.3% of the population), and 251 (9.8%) non-Swiss men. There were 1,134 Swiss women (44.1%), and 175 (6.8%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 751 or about 34.8% were born in Claro and lived there in 2000. There were 700 or 32.4% who were born in the same canton, while 247 or 11.4% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 387 or 17.9% were born outside of Switzerland.
In there were 14 live births to Swiss citizens and 3 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 17 deaths of Swiss citizens and 2 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 3 while the foreign population increased by 1. There were 2 Swiss men and 4 Swiss women who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 6 non-Swiss men who immigrated from another country to Switzerland and 4 non-Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland to another country. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 33 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 9 people. This represents a population growth rate of 1.7%.
The age distribution, , in Claro is; 313 children or 12.2% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 338 teenagers or 13.2% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 261 people or 10.2% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 360 people or 14.0% are between 30 and 39, 477 people or 18.6% are between 40 and 49, and 331 people or 12.9% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 234 people or 9.1% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 154 people or 6.0% are between 70 and 79, there are 102 people or 4.0% who are over 80.
, there were 955 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 990 married individuals, 118 widows or widowers and 96 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 797 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.5 persons per household. There were 202 households that consist of only one person and 50 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 803 households that answered this question, 25.2% were households made up of just one person and 15 were adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 188 married couples without children, 325 married couples with children There were 47 single parents with a child or children. There were 20 households that were made up unrelated people and 6 households that were made some sort of institution or another collective housing.
 there were 752 single family homes (or 83.6% of the total) out of a total of 899 inhabited buildings. There were 124 multi-family buildings (13.8%), along with 8 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (0.9%) and 15 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (1.7%). Of the single family homes 23 were built before 1919, while 98 were built between 1990 and 2000. The greatest number of single family homes (212) were built between 1946 and 1960.
 there were 1,133 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was 4 rooms of which there were 425. There were 66 single room apartments and 273 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 796 apartments (70.3% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 318 apartments (28.1%) were seasonally occupied and 19 apartments (1.7%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 3.2 new units per 1000 residents. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.08%.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 26% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (25.59%), the SP (18.89%) and the Ticino League (15.4%). In the federal election, a total of 734 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 47.0%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 1,590 registered voters in Claro, of which 1,050 or 66.0% voted. 18 blank ballots and 3 null ballots were cast, leaving 1,029 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 228 or 22.2% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD+GenGiova (with 201 or 19.5%), the SSI (with 186 or 18.1%) and the LEGA (with 164 or 15.9%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 7 blank ballots and 3 null ballots were cast, leaving 1,041 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the LEGA which received 229 or 22.0% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 210 or 20.2%), the PPD (with 209 or 20.1%) and the PS (with 186 or 17.9%).
Economy.
, Claro had an unemployment rate of 2.83%. , there were 28 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 12 businesses involved in this sector. 125 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 24 businesses in this sector. 238 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 49 businesses in this sector. There were 970 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 41.0% of the workforce.
 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 318. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 18, of which 16 were in agriculture and 2 were in forestry or lumber production. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 90, of which 49 or (54.4%) were in manufacturing and 41 (45.6%) were in construction. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 210. In the tertiary sector; 20 or 9.5% were in wholesale or retail sales or the repair of motor vehicles, 14 or 6.7% were in the movement and storage of goods, 16 or 7.6% were in a hotel or restaurant, 2 or 1.0% were in the information industry, 4 or 1.9% were the insurance or financial industry, 8 or 3.8% were technical professionals or scientists, 16 or 7.6% were in education and 91 or 43.3% were in health care.
, there were 205 workers who commuted into the municipality and 699 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 3.4 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 3.4% of the workforce coming into Claro are coming from outside Switzerland. Of the working population, 6.3% used public transportation to get to work, and 72.1% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 1,720 or 79.7% were Roman Catholic, while 74 or 3.4% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 14 members of an Orthodox church (or about 0.65% of the population), and there were 55 individuals (or about 2.55% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There was 1 individual who was Jewish, and 17 (or about 0.79% of the population) who were Islamic. 183 (or about 8.48% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 95 individuals (or about 4.40% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Claro about 806 or (37.3%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 195 or (9.0%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 195 who completed tertiary schooling, 58.5% were Swiss men, 29.2% were Swiss women, 8.2% were non-Swiss men and 4.1% were non-Swiss women.
In Claro there were a total of 510 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Claro there were 73 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 147 students attended the standard primary schools and 4 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 133 students in the two-year middle school, while 65 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 29 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 52 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 7 students in the professional program.
, there were 3 students in Claro who came from another municipality, while 154 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6919007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919007" title="Tarmure">
Tarmure



</doc>
<doc id="6919008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919008" title="Splitter (disambiguation)">
Splitter (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6919012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919012" title="List of places in Alaska (G)">
List of places in Alaska (G)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6919013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919013" title="Cerro El Pacayal">
Cerro El Pacayal



</doc>
<doc id="6919016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919016" title="Woldingham Garden Village">
Woldingham Garden Village



</doc>
<doc id="6919018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919018" title="Tarnavita">
Tarnavita



</doc>
<doc id="6919019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919019" title="Lasers and aviation safety">
Lasers and aviation safety

Under certain conditions, laser light or other bright lights (spotlights, searchlights) directed at aircraft can be a hazard. The most likely scenario is when a bright visible laser light causes distraction or temporary flash blindness to a pilot, during a critical phase of flight such as landing or takeoff. It is far less likely, though still possible, that a visible or invisible beam could cause permanent harm to a pilot's eyes. Although laser weapons are under development by armed forces, these are so specialized, expensive and controlled that it is improbable for non-military lasers to cause structural damage to an aircraft.
Pointing a laser at an aircraft can be hazardous to pilots, and has resulted in arrests, trials and jail sentences. It also results in calls to license or ban laser pointers. Some jurisdictions such as New South Wales, Australia have restricted laser pointers as a result of multiple incidents.
Lasers and bright lights.
In addition to lasers, other bright directional lights such as searchlights and spotlights can have the same dazzling, distracting, and flashblinding effects.
Lasers in airspace.
Lasers are used in industry and research, such as in atmospheric remote sensing, and as guide stars in adaptive optics astronomy. Lasers and searchlights are used in entertainment; for example, in outdoor shows such as the nightly "IllumiNations" show at Walt Disney World's Epcot. Laser pointers are used by the general public; sometimes they will be accidentally or deliberately aimed at or near aircraft.
Lasers are even used, or proposed for use, with aircraft. Pilots straying into unauthorized airspace over Washington, D.C. can be warned to turn back by shining eye-safe low-power red and green lasers at them. At least one system has been tested that would use lasers on final approach to help line up the pilot on the proper glideslope. NASA has tested a Helicopter Airborne Laser Positioning System. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has tested laser-projected lines on airport runways, to increase visibility of "hold short" markings. Because of these varied uses, it is not practical to ban lasers from airspace.
Primary hazards of lasers and bright lights.
The photos at right flash because most incidents are of flashes and not of steady illumination. In accidental illuminations there may be just one or a few flashes. Even in deliberate illuminations, it is difficult to keep a hand-held laser focused on a moving target, so there will be a series of longer flashes. With helicopters at close range, it is possible to have a more or less continuous light. The flashes shown greatly exaggerate the duration of a laser flash and use green rather than less visible red light. With a plane traveling hundreds of miles per hour and a laser beam size of only a meter or so, flash durations would be measured in thousandths of a second.
There are some subjects which aviation safety experts agree pose no real hazard. These include passenger exposure to laser light, pilot distraction during cruising or other non-critical phases of flight, and laser damage to the aircraft. The main concerns of safety experts are focused on laser and bright light effects on pilots, especially when they are in a critical phase of flight: takeoff, approach, landing, and emergency maneuvers.
There are four primary areas of concern. The first three are visual effects that temporarily distract or block pilots' vision. These effects are only of concern when the laser emits visible light.
The three visual effects above are the primary concern for aviation experts. This is because they could happen with lower-powered lasers that are commonly available. The fourth concern, eye damage, is much less likely: it would require specialized equipment not readily available to the general public.
It is extremely unlikely that any of the four elements above would cause loss of the aircraft.
Analyzing the hazard.
The exact hazard in a specific situation depends on a number of factors.
Pilot and aircrew factors.
The U.S. FAA has studied some of these factors. They conducted research using pilots in flight simulators to determine the effects of laser exposure on pilot performance; results were released in August 2003 and June 2004.
Example laser safety calculations.
The graphic (right) illustrates laser safety concepts. For example, it shows that the areas of most concern—eye damage, flash blindness and glare—occur relatively close to the aircraft. The distraction risk covers the longest hazard distance, but also presents the least concern. The photos in the graphic also give an idea of what the visual effect looks like to the pilot, at various distances. While the distances given are exact, the laser's brightness is in fact falling off slowly and so effects diminish continuously with increasing distance.
Also, the weaker effects are part of any stronger effect. Even if a laser does not cause eye damage at 25 feet, it can still cause flash blindness, glare and a distraction.
For any given laser, the relative distances shown here may change. For example, an infrared laser can be an eye hazard for hundreds of feet, but presents no flash blindness, glare or distraction hazard. Because of this, each laser must be analyzed individually.
To give another example, of a more powerful laser—the type that might be used in an outdoor laser show: a 6-watt green (532 nm) laser with a 1.1 milliradian beam divergence is an eye hazard to about , can cause flash blindness to about 8,200 feet (1.5 mi/2.5 km), causes veiling glare to about 36,800 feet (), and is a distraction to about 368,000 feet ().
Reducing the hazard.
There are a number of ways that laser users, regulators and pilots reduce the potential hazard from outdoor laser use. These measures include:
Police enforcement.
Police have begun using helicopters to patrol and seek out people using lasers to disrupt aviation.
Active hazard reduction (proposed measures).
Some measures have been proposed to protect aircrews including goggles and windscreen filters. These may work in theory (especially against known wavelengths) and may be useful in some situations such as military operations. However, these measures may not be suitable, practical or recommended for widespread civil air operations.
Regulation and control.
In the United States, laser airspace guidelines can be found in Federal Aviation Administration Order JO 7400.2, Chapter 29 "Outdoor Laser Operations", and bright light airspace guidelines are in Chapter 30 "High Intensity Light Operations".
In the United Kingdom, CAP 736 is the "Guide for the Operation of Lasers, Searchlights and Fireworks in United Kingdom Airspace."
For all laser users, the ANSI Z136.6 document gives guidance for the safe use of outdoor lasers. While this document is copyrighted by ANSI and is relatively costly, a flavor of its recommendations can be seen in NASA's Use Policy for Outdoor Lasers.
Airspace zones.
The U.S. FAA has established airspace zones. These protect the area around airports and other sensitive airspace from the hazards of safe-but-too-bright visible laser light exposure:
For non-visible lasers (infrared and ultraviolet), the irradiance at the aircraft must be eye-safe—below the Maximum Permissible Exposure level for that wavelength. For pulsed visible lasers, the irradiance at the aircraft must be both eye-safe and must be at or below any applicable FAA laser zone.
In the UK, restrictions are in place in a zone that includes a circle in radius around an airport, plus extensions from each end of each runway. The runway zones are rectangles in total length and wide, centered about each runway.
Reporting.
In the U.S., operators of outdoor lasers are requested to file reports with the FAA at least 30 days in advance, detailing their location and laser power. It is permitted to use lasers whose output exceeds the limits of these zones, if other control measures are in place. For example, spotters could be used to watch for aircraft, and turn off the laser if a potential conflict is sighted. The FAA does not approve or disapprove requests, as it does not have the regulatory authority for this, but rather indicates whether it objects or does not object. If the laser use is for a show or display, approval from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Center for Devices and Radiological Health is required. A prerequisite for this approval is a letter of non-objection from the FAA. Laser activity in a given area is communicated to pilots before their flight via a NOTAM.
UK laser operators report outdoor laser, searchlight or firework operations at least 28 days in advance.
Regulatory and standards development.
A key group inside the U.S. working on laser and aviation safety is the Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE) G-10T, Laser Safety Hazards Subcommittee. It consists of laser safety experts and researchers, pilots and other interested parties representing military, commercial and private aviation, and laser users. Their recommendations have formed the basis of the FAA laser and bright light regulations and forms, as well as standards adopted in other countries and by the ICAO.
The ANSI Z136.6 standard is the "American National Standard for Safe Use of Lasers Outdoors." The Z136.6 committee has worked closely with SAE G-10T and others, to develop recommended safety procedures for outdoor laser use.
History.
Until the early 1990s, laser and bright light aviation incidents were sporadic. In the U.S., NASA's Aviation Safety Reporting System showed only one or two incidents per year. The SAE G-10T subcommittee began meeting around 1993 as the number of incidents grew. Almost all of the incidents were known or suspected to be due to outdoor laser displays. Almost all of the concern was over potential eye damage; at the time visual effects were felt to be a minor consequence.
In late 1995, a number of illumination incidents occurred in Las Vegas due to new outdoor laser displays. Although the displays had been approved by the FDA as eye-safe for their airport proximity, no one had realized that the glare and distraction hazard would adversely affect pilots. In December 1995 the FDA issued an emergency order shutting down the Las Vegas shows.
Within the SAE G-10T subcommittee, there was some consideration about cutting back or banning laser shows. However, it became apparent that there were a large number of non-entertainment laser users as well. The focus shifted to control of known laser users, whether shows or industry/research. New policies and procedures were developed, such as the FAA 7400.2 Chapter 29, and Advisory Circular 70-1. Although incidents continued to occur (from January 1996 to July 1999, the FAA's Western-Pacific Region identified more than 150 incidents in which low-flying aircraft were illuminated by lasers), the situation seemed under control.
Then in late 2004 and early 2005 came a significant increase in reported incidents linked to laser pointers. The wave of incidents may have been triggered in part by "copycats" who read press accounts of laser pointer incidents. In one case, David Banach of New Jersey was charged under federal Patriot Act anti-terrorism laws, after he allegedly shone a laser pointer at aircraft.
Responding to the incidents, the Congressional Research Service issued a study on the laser "threat to aviation safety and security." Because there was no federal law specifically banning deliberate laser illumination of aircraft, Congressman Ric Keller introduced H.R. 1400, the "Securing Airplane Cockpits Against Lasers Act of 2005." The bill was passed by the U.S. House and Senate, but did not go to conference and thus did not become law. In 2007, Keller re-introduced the bill as H.R. 1615. Although passed by the House in May 2007, it was not acted on by the Senate before the end of the 110th Congress and never became law.
On March 28, 2008, a coordinated attack took place using four green laser pointers aimed at six aircraft landing at Sydney airport in New South Wales, Australia. As a result of this attack plus others, a law was proposed in mid-April 2008 in New South Wales to ban possession of handheld lasers, including low-power classroom pointers. The Australian state of Victoria has had a similar ban since 1998, but press reports state that it is easy to buy lasers without a permit.
On February 22, 2009, a dozen planes were targeted with green laser beams at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. An FAA spokeswoman said there were 148 laser attacks on aircraft in the U.S. from January 1, 2009 to February 23, 2009.
During the July 2013 protests against the presidency of Mohamed Morsi in Egypt and later celebration of his removal, thousands of protesters and revelers aimed laser pointers at government helicopters.
In February 2016 a Virgin Atlantic flight from Heathrow to New York JFK Airport was forced to turn back when a laser beam was shone into the cockpit. The incident led the British Airline Pilots' Association to call for lasers to be classified as offensive weapons.
In the first seven months of 2018, United States Armed Forces pilots were targeted with laser points in multiple regions, but particularly in the Middle East.
In December 2021 a Mississippi man is facing federal charges including 5 years in prison and $25,000 in fines for months of targeting aircraft flying into Memphis International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="6919020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919020" title="El Pacayal">
El Pacayal



</doc>
<doc id="6919023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919023" title="Chrysaphius">
Chrysaphius

Chrysaphius () was a eunuch in the Eastern Roman court who became the chief minister of Theodosius II (r. 402–450). Having a great influence on the rule of the empire during his ascendancy, he pursued a policy of appeasement towards the Huns, which cost the empire far more gold than any military campaign, while amassing a vast fortune in bribes himself. He is depicted as a sinister figure in all the ancient accounts.
Life and policies.
The Byzantine historians give us a considerable amount of information on Chrysaphius. His real name was Taiouma (Theophanes 151) or Tumna (Cedrenus I 601) or Tzoumas (Patria II 182; George Codinus 47) or even Ztommas (Malalas 363–6). Chrysaphius exercised a considerable influence on Theodosius II at the end of his reign. According to Malalas, Theodosius II loved Chrysaphius for his beauty (Malalas id and 368). He seems to have risen from among the ranks: according to Malalas, he was a mere "cubicularius" (servant of the imperial bedchamber); according to the "Chronicon Paschale", he was a "spatharios" (p. 390).
In 441 the city prefect in Constantinople was a pagan poet from Panopolis in Egypt named Cyrus, who was exceedingly popular in the city. Thus he incurred the envy of Chrysaphius, who engineered his downfall. Cyrus saved himself by converting to Christianity, but the malice of Chrysaphius was not so easily frustrated, and the eunuch arranged for him to be appointed bishop of Cotyaeum in Phyrgia, where the population had lynched the previous four incumbents. In the event, Cyrus survived and returned to Constantinople in 451 after the death of Chrysaphius.
In 443, he became grand chamberlain ("praepositus sacri cubiculi"), which in practice made him one of the chief advisors of Theodosius II. Chroniclers record that he was all-powerful in the Palace (Theoph. 150; Priscus 227); the later "Patria" (II 182; Codinus 47) names him anachronistically as a "parakoimomenos", after the all-powerful eunuch officials of the 9th-10th centuries. In the "Chronicle" written by Theophanes the Confessor in the 9th century, he was said to have schemed against the emperor's sister Pulcheria by exalting the influence of the empress Eudocia, and succeeded in arranging her withdrawal from the court. Having done this, he intrigued against the empress, accusing her of adultery with Paulinus, a boyhood friend of the emperor. She was then banished in 444. Having removed both the emperor's wife and sister from the court, Chrysaphius was effectively ruler of the empire, and it is said that the emperor signed papers without reading them (Theophanes, A.M. 5942). However, historians closer to his time such as Priscus (a contemporary of Chrysaphius), John Malalas and Marcellinus Comes do not mention Chrysaphius among the reasons for Eudocia's exile.
In December 447, the Hunnic king Attila arrived before the walls of Constantinople. Chrysaphius adopted a policy of appeasement, and the imperial government paid Attila a huge tribute to go away, rather than fight.
Chrysaphius had also been involved in the ecclesiastical disputes of the time, and taking bribes from the various parties he amassed a great fortune. He was the godson of the aged Cyrillian abbot Eutyches, whom he hoped to place on the episcopal throne of Constantinople and so increase his own political influence. This was prevented by the elevation of Flavian in 447. Chrysaphius therefore induced the emperor to require a gift from the new bishop. Flavian sent the emperor three loaves of consecrated bread, which Chrysaphius rejected, on the grounds that the emperor demanded gold. Flavian refused to supply this on the ground that churchmen should not hand over church property as bribes (Evagrius II.2). This made Chrysaphius his enemy, but Pulcheria was still influential and defended Flavian. Chrysaphius did arrange for a violent enemy of Flavian's, Dioscorus, to be appointed Patriarch of Alexandria, and arranged for the exile of Pulcheria.
In 448 the Eutychian dispute arose, Eutyches bribed Chrysaphius. Flavian was reluctant to be drawn in, but organised a local council in Constantinople, which condemned Eutyches in 448. Chrysaphius, however, was able to use Dioscorus to depose Flavian at the "Robber-synod" ("Latrocinium") of Ephesus in August 449. He used the soldiers and puppet clerics to prevent any discussion of the issues. Flavian died a few days after the closure of the Latrocinium because of the injuries suffered from the mob of Dioscorus' monks, led by the dreaded abbot Barsaumas, "a wild, illiterate Syrian archimandrite".
The Hunnic problem had not gone away. In 449, Chrysaphius, with the approval of Theodosius, suborned Edecon, the chief of Attila's guards, to assassinate him. But he later betrayed the plot to Attila, who demanded the head of Chrysaphius. Chrysaphius sent an envoy with money, and Attila consented in contemptuous language to forgive him and the emperor provided that he received an annual compensation payment of 700 pounds of gold a year. This burden of taxes on an empire already devastated by the ravages of the Huns made the already unpopular favourite deeply hated. Gibbon remarks that the money involved would have more than financed any war against Attila.
The high-handed behaviour at the "Latrocinium" also back-fired. There was general opposition to the decisions of the council, and Pope Leo I wrote to the emperor and demanded a fresh council.
It seems that Chrysaphius may have fallen out of favour in the last months of Theodosius' reign. He had an enemy in the Isaurian Zeno, Master of Soldiers, who seems to have threatened a revolt in 449. See John Ant. fr. 84 ("De ins."), and Priscus, fr. 5 ("De leg. Rom.").
Death.
Theodosius II died in 450, and was succeeded by Marcian, who married Pulcheria. Both were personal enemies of Chrysaphius.
His fate is described differently in the historians. According to most, Pulcheria avenged herself against Chrysaphius by handing him over to his mortal enemy Jordanes, who had him put to death (Theophanes 160; Chronicon Paschale 390; Malalas 368; Zonaras; III 107–109, Cedrenus I 601–1603). However, according to Malalas, Chrysaphius's cause of death was very different. Chrysaphius had been head of the Green faction, whom Theodosius had protected (Malalas 351). Chrysaphius's death sentence was apparently politically motivated. Supported by the Greens, Chrysaphius may have incited some unrest, and it is known that Marcian was a partisan of the Blues (Malalas 368). Some say that Marcian ordered him to appear before a tribunal to enquire into his misdeeds. On the way there, the fallen minister was stoned to death by a mob infuriated by the high taxes needed to pay Attila's tribute. His immense wealth was confiscated.
The political career of Chrysaphius is recorded by the Byzantine historian Nicephorus Callistus Xanthopoulos, who deals with his actions in the critical years 449–451. Evagrius Scholasticus also records some of his actions in church matters.
Chrysaphius in fiction.
The conspiracy against Attila is a significant plot element in Geza Gardonyi's novel "Slave of the Huns". In this account, the head of Chrysaphius really is given to Attila, transported preserved in honey. Chrysaphius also features in Gillian Bradshaw's novel, Imperial Purple, about a conspiracy to usurp the imperial throne.

</doc>
<doc id="6919025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919025" title="Uncle Al">
Uncle Al

Uncle Al may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="6919026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919026" title="Tarnita">
Tarnita



</doc>
<doc id="6919028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919028" title="Cresciano">
Cresciano

Cresciano is a former municipality in the district of Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
On 2 April 2017, the former municipalities of Iragna, Lodrino, and Osogna merged into the new municipality of Riviera.
History.
Cresciano is first mentioned in 1269 as "Crazano".
During the construction of the Gotthard railway in the 19th century, traces of a Bronze Age settlement were found. An Imperial charter from 978 mentions a "cortis Crissianicum" owned by the monastery of San Pietro in Ciel d'Oro in Pavia. Like the neighboring communities, Cresciano was owned by the Cathedral of Milan. In the 14th century, it was placed, together with Osogna and Claro, under the jurisdiction of a representative of the Visconti. In the 15th century, Milan granted the village the right to choose a community leader.
The parish church of San Vincenzo was first used in the 13th century.
Starting around 1880, granite quarries opened in the valley. These played an important role in the economy of Cresciano and its neighboring towns.
Geography.
Cresciano has an area, , of . Of this area, or 4.5% is used for agricultural purposes, while , or 58.0% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 3.0% is settled (buildings or roads), or 2.0% is either rivers or lakes and or 30.5% is unproductive land.
Of the built-up area, housing and buildings made up 0.9% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.0%. Out of the forested land, 48.9% of the total land area is heavily forested and 1.6% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 3.2% is used for growing crops. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 12.9% is unproductive vegetation and 17.5% is too rocky for vegetation.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Per fess azure an arch of stone blocks, a sledge hammer, and a chisel in saltire all argent and gules seven bendlets argent."
Demographics.
Cresciano has a population () of . , 31.3% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 5.9%. Most of the population () speaks Italian (491 or 83.6%), with German being second most common (31 or 5.3%) and Portuguese being third (30 or 5.1%). There are 6 people who speak French and people who speak Romansh.
, the gender distribution of the population was 51.6% male and 48.4% female. The population was made up of 204 Swiss men (32.6% of the population), and 119 (19.0%) non-Swiss men. There were 216 Swiss women (34.5%), and 87 (13.9%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 208 or about 35.4% were born in Cresciano and lived there in 2000. There were 165 or 28.1% who were born in the same canton, 51 or 8.7% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 146 or 24.9% were born outside of Switzerland.
In there were 5 live births to Swiss citizens and 2 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in the same time span there were 4 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 1 while the foreign population increased by 2. 2 Swiss women immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 6 non-Swiss men and 7 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was a decrease of 4 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 11 people. This represents a population growth rate of 1.1%.
The age distribution, , in Cresciano is; 45 children or 7.2% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 55 teenagers or 8.8% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 85 people or 13.6% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 111 people or 17.7% are between 30 and 39, 106 people or 16.9% are between 40 and 49, and 78 people or 12.5% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 75 people or 12.0% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 48 people or 7.7% are between 70 and 79, there are 23 people or 3.7% are over 80.
, 227 people were single and never married in the municipality. There were 291 married individuals, 42 widows or widowers and 27 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 255 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.3 persons per household. 83 households consist of only one person and 14 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 256 households that answered this question, 32.4% were households made up of just one person and 5 were adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 63 married couples without children, 82 married couples with children. There were 13 single parents with a child or children. 9 households were made up of unrelated people and 1 household was made of some sort of institution or another collective housing.
 there were 124 single-family homes (or 70.5% of the total) out of a total of 176 inhabited buildings. There were 41 multi-family buildings (23.3%), along with 3 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (1.7%) and 8 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (4.5%). Of the single-family homes 5 were built before 1919, while 7 were built between 1990 and 2000. The greatest number of single-family homes (46) were built between 1919 and 1945.
 there were 300 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was 4 rooms of which there were 105. There were 6 single-room apartments and 58 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 252 apartments (84.0% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 43 apartments (14.3%) were seasonally occupied and 5 apartments (1.7%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 6.5 new units per 1000 residents. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 1.57%.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 34.63% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (21.76%), the Ticino League (19.95%) and the SP (14.87%). In the federal election, a total of 140 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 40.5%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 350 registered voters in Cresciano, of which 213 or 60.9% voted. 4 blank ballots were cast, leaving 209 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 49 or 23.4% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD+GenGiova (with 48 or 23.0%), the LEGA (with 43 or 20.6%) and the PS (with 34 or 16.3%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 2 blank ballots were cast, leaving 211 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the LEGA which received 55 or 26.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD (with 48 or 22.7%), the PLRT (with 41 or 19.4%) and the PS (with 40 or 19.0%).
Economy.
, Cresciano had an unemployment rate of 5.99%. , there were 12 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 4 businesses involved in this sector. 58 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 7 businesses in this sector. 49 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 13 businesses in this sector. There were 235 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 37.9% of the workforce.
 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 105. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 8, all of which were in agriculture. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 75, of which 14 (18.7%) were in manufacturing, 47 (62.7%) were in mining and 14 (18.7%) were in construction. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 22. In the tertiary sector; 2 or 9.1% were in wholesale or retail sales or the repair of motor vehicles, 7 or 31.8% were in a hotel or restaurant, 7 or 31.8% were in education.
, 98 workers commuted into the municipality and 174 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.8 workers leaving the municipality for everyone entering. Of the working population, 4.7% used public transportation to get to work, and 76.6% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 476 or 81.1% were Roman Catholic, while 22 or 3.7% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 13 members of an Orthodox church (or about 2.21% of the population), there were 5 individuals (or about 0.85% of the population) who belonged to the Christian Catholic Church, and there were 9 individuals (or about 1.53% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There were 5 (or about 0.85% of the population) who were Islamic. 33 (or about 5.62% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 24 individuals (or about 4.09% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Cresciano about 232 or (39.5%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 22 or (3.7%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 22 who completed tertiary schooling, 45.5% were Swiss men, 31.8% were Swiss women.
In Cresciano there were a total of 94 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Cresciano there were 15 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 16 students attended the standard primary schools and 4 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 30 students in the two-year middle school, while 9 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). 7 vocational students were attending school full-time and 10 who attended part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 3 students in the professional program.
, 2 students in Cresciano came from another municipality, while 44 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6919029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919029" title="Marshaller">
Marshaller



</doc>
<doc id="6919033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919033" title="List of places in Alaska (H)">
List of places in Alaska (H)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6919034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919034" title="On Fire (Lloyd Banks song)">
On Fire (Lloyd Banks song)

"On Fire" is the debut single from Lloyd Banks' debut album, "The Hunger for More", released through Interscope Records and 50 Cent's G-Unit Records. It quickly became a nationwide hit and cemented Lloyd Banks' name in the hip hop scene. The single peaked inside the top ten in the U.S., reaching #8. The song samples "The Champ", performed by The Mohawks.
Background.
The chorus contains vocals by 50 Cent, though he is uncredited. The song was produced by Eminem and Kwamé. Writing credits were given to Lloyd Banks, Eminem, Kwamé, 50 Cent, Luis Resto and Peter Harmsworth.
In a 2024 interview with Hot 97, 50 Cent claimed that he had copied elements of "Hot in Herre" by Nelly when writing the chorus of "On Fire"; he rapped the choruses of both songs back-to-back to highlight the similarities.
The single peaked at #8 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was certified Gold by the RIAA.
Music video.
The music video, directed by Jessy Terrero, features Lloyd Banks rapping on the roof of a small building that is on top of a large hotel building. The video contains cameos by fellow G-Unit members 50 Cent, Young Buck and Game, as well as G-Unit artist Olivia. At the end of the video, 50 Cent is seen breaking through glass and the song changes to the chorus and the first verse of the song "Warrior", which is also from Lloyd Bank's debut album "The Hunger for More".
The music video on YouTube has received over 40 million views as of May 2024.

</doc>
<doc id="6919035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919035" title="Tarnova">
Tarnova



</doc>
<doc id="6919046" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919046" title="Tarpiu">
Tarpiu



</doc>
<doc id="6919048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919048" title="List of places in Alaska (I)">
List of places in Alaska (I)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6919054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919054" title="Tarsa">
Tarsa

Tarsa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6919055" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919055" title="Antoine Nguyễn Văn Thiện">
Antoine Nguyễn Văn Thiện

Antoine Nguyễn Văn Thiện (13 March 1906 – 13 May 2012) was a Vietnamese Roman Catholic bishop and the oldest of the Catholic Church at 106 years of age. He was also one of the last living bishops to have served in South Vietnam.
Born in Cái Cồn, in the Sóc Trăng province of French Cochinchina, Thiện was ordained a priest on 20 February 1932. He was appointed the bishop of Vĩnh Long in November 1960 and received episcopal consecration in January 1961. He resigned that position in 1968 and was appointed a titular bishop of Hispellum the same month. He became the oldest living Roman Catholic bishop on 6 October 2005, with the death of Bishop Ettore Cunial at age 99.
Thiện died in Nice, France, on 13 May 2012, aged 106. France's Géry Leuliet then became the oldest living Catholic bishop.

</doc>
<doc id="6919062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919062" title="Tatomiresti">
Tatomiresti



</doc>
<doc id="6919064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919064" title="1938 in the United Kingdom">
1938 in the United Kingdom

 
Events from the year 1938 in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="6919065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919065" title="List of places in Alaska (J)">
List of places in Alaska (J)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6919068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919068" title="Tom Axworthy">
Tom Axworthy

Thomas Sidney Axworthy, (born May 23, 1947) is a Canadian civil servant, political strategist, writer and professor. He is best known for having served as Principal Secretary and Chief Speechwriter to Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau. Axworthy is currently the Secretary General of the InterAction Council. Previously, he was president and CEO of the Walter and Duncan Gordan Foundation. He is a senior fellow at the Munk School of Global Affairs, Massey College, and the Bill Graham Centre of Contemporary International History, Trinity College, at the University of Toronto.
Personal life and education.
Axworthy was born in 1947 in Winnipeg, Manitoba, the second of four boys of Norman and Gwen Axworthy. He is the younger brother of Lloyd Axworthy, who has also had a distinguished career in Canadian politics. His parents were active in the United Church and community affairs. Through the United Church, he became a member of the Tuxis and Older Boys Association, eventually being elected as Premier. He entered United College, a United Church affiliated college in 1964, taking honours in history and politics. United College became the University of Winnipeg in 1968. At United College Axworthy was active in the debating club, student council, Uniter newspaper and model parliaments. Axworthy received a BA degree (Hons) from the University of Winnipeg and an MA degree from Queen's University (1972). From 1972 to 1973, he was a student at Nuffield College, University Of Oxford. He received a PhD degree (1979) from Queen's University. While at United College he met his future wife Roberta. They have two children and four grandchildren. In 2003, the University of Winnipeg gave Axworthy its Distinguished Alumni Award. Axworthy returned to live in his native Winnipeg, Manitoba in 2021.
Early career.
Tom Axworthy joined the Liberal Party in the early 1960s, becoming active in the Canadian University Liberal Federation. As well as his involvement in the Young Liberals, Axworthy was a Liberal volunteer in Winnipeg local ridings in the elections of 1958, 1962, 1963, 1965 and 1968. In 1967, he worked as a research assistant for the Task Force on the Structure of the Canadian Economy, led by Walter Gordon. This was Axworthy's first opportunity to work on Canada's economic, social and industrial policies in depth, and this influenced his future thinking about such issues. His close association with Walter Gordon introduced him to Keith Davey, Jim Coutts, Tom Kent and Pierre Trudeau, all of whom became important influences in his life.
In his graduate studies at Queens, Axworthy's concentrations were in Canadian politics, international relations and urban affairs. His first publications were for The Institute of Urban Studies at the University of Winnipeg and while at Queen's University he became a research associate on the Metropolitan Winnipeg Study by University of Toronto professor Meyer Brownstone, the architect of the unicity amalgamation. L.J. Sharpe of Nuffield College subsequently invited Axworthy to study the politics of urban reform at Oxford.
In 1974, at the invitation of Keith Davey, Axworthy returned to Ottawa to work on urban issues in that year's election campaign, where he drafted the Liberal Party's housing platform. Following the election, he joined the Office of the Minister of National Revenue as a special assistant on various policy issues. A year later, he was hired with the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) under Principal Secretary Jim Coutts as a political strategist and policy advisor to Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau. In 1976 he helped organize the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements, held in Vancouver, British Columbia which initiated his interest in water and sanitation issues, a priority in his later work with the Gordon Foundation. In 1979, with the defeat of the Liberals by Joe Clark, Axworthy worked in the Leader of the Opposition's Office as acting director and senior policy advisor.
With the defeat of Clark's minority government, Axworthy returned to the Prime Minister's Office as senior policy advisor, and was appointed Principal Secretary to Pierre Trudeau in 1981, a position which he held until 1984. During this time, he was a key strategist in the Repatriation of the Constitution and the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
1984-2005.
In 1984, Axworthy was invited to be a Fellow at the Institute of Politics at the Kennedy School of Government, before being appointed as the visiting Mackenzie King Chair of Canadian Studies at Harvard University in 1985. He also became a fellow at the Centre for International Affairs working on the Canadian program. He was appointed as an adjunct lecturer at the Kennedy School in 1991, teaching comparative politics, and continued to teach at Harvard until returning to Canada in 2003 as an adjunct lecturer at the School of Policy Studies at Queen's University.
While at Harvard, Axworthy co-drafted the Universal Declaration of Human Responsibilities with world-renowned theologian Hans Küng, a major project of the InterAction Council of Former Heads of State and Government. At Harvard, Axworthy's interests became more international; he initiated a joint research program with the University of Havana and took his Harvard class often to Cuba. He helped found the North America Institute of Santa Fe under the direction of Professor John Wirth which examined Mexican, Canadian and American public policies. He travelled regularly to Hong Kong and China to teach in the executive program of the Kennedy School. Given his years of research on and teaching in Asia he was invited by the Government of Canada in 2001 to chair the board of the Asia Pacific Foundation of Canada. With his Kennedy School colleague Shirley Williams, a former British cabinet minister, he contributed to Project Liberty to assist the newly emerging democracies of central and eastern Europe, and he was recruited by the National Democratic Institute to assist their democratic promotion efforts in Ukraine.
During his time at Harvard, Axworthy also served as vice-president and then executive director for the Charles R. Bronfman Foundation (CRB). The CRB Foundation, during this time, created the well-known "Heritage Minute" series of commercials, which explored various aspects of Canadian History, and which were released on television and in movie theatres. The CRB Foundation also had important programs in Israel and the Middle East such as the Economics of Peace which attempted to foster cooperation between Israel and its neighbours. In 1999, Axworthy helped create and raise funds for the Historica Foundation, becoming its executive director. The Historica Foundation aimed to improve the teaching and learning of Canadian history, and was best known for its Heritage Fair program, which encouraged hundreds of thousands of students annually to create and exhibit their own heritage projects. Historica notably digitized the Canadian Encyclopedia, making it available to millions online for free. The Encyclopedia has since become a division of Historica Canada. Axworthy collaborated with Nathon Gunn to create History Game Canada, which won a MacArthur Foundation award for Innovation in Participatory Learning. In recognition of his outstanding achievement and service in the field of history and heritage, Axworthy was made an Officer of the Order of Canada in 2002. In 2005, Axworthy left the Historica Foundation to return to academe full-time at Queen's University.
2006-2008.
Until 2009, Axworthy was the chair and executive director of the Centre for the Study of Democracy (CSD) at Queen's University. Under his direction, the CSD released several studies on improving Canadian political institutions, such as parliament and the public service. The CSD also released a major study on how Canada could advance democracy abroad which led to him being asked to chair a task force to implement the Harper government's Speech on the Throne promise on democracy promotion.
In the wake of the defeat of Paul Martin's minority Liberal Government in January, 2006, Axworthy was appointed co-chair of the Liberal Party Renewal Commission, which was charged with re-thinking the Liberal Party's policies and structure. Axworthy had written his Queen's University masters thesis on Walter Gordon's role in reforming the Liberal Party, especially the Kingston Conference of 1960, and this early renewal effort influenced his views on party process. The commission created 32 task forces that were charged with examining each aspect of the party. The commission reported just prior to the Liberal Leadership Convention of December 2–3, 2006, urging the party to return to its liberal philosophical roots, to refocus on developing and electrifying its membership, and to rethink many of the fundamental policies that have informed Liberal policy. Specific recommendations that emerged from the Commission included a Thinker's Conference (to develop a new platform for the party), a Council of Riding Presidents (to represent the membership of the party in years between conventions), and a Day of Deliberation, in which Liberal Party Members across the country would be asked to debate and vote on policies in each of their ridings.
In 2009, Axworthy was asked to chair the Advisory Task Force on Democracy Promotion for the Minister of Democratic Reform, the Hon. Steven Fletcher. The unanimous report of the Task Force, however, was never implemented by the Harper government.
Currently.
In 2009 Dr. Axworthy became the president and CEO of the Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation. Axworthy has had a long association with the foundation, advising Walter and Duncan Gordon in the mid-1980s on the foundation's evolution. As a volunteer, he chaired the foundation's Arctic Steering Committee, 1988–96, which co-ordinated the foundation's contributions to the creation of the Arctic Council, an international organization dedicated to Arctic cooperation. In his 2009-2015 tenure as president, the Gordon Foundation concentrated on Canada's North and the preservation of Canada's fresh water. While at the Gordon Foundation, Axworthy initiated the Jane Glassco Northern Fellowship, a policy and leadership development program for young Northern Canadians. The foundation also created the Mackenzie Data Stream, an online system that provides real time access to communities and decision makers on water quality indicators.
Axworthy has long been concerned with the environment, serving on the board of the Harmony Foundation, dedicated to environmental education, since 1989. Axworthy has been active in other education initiatives as well having served on the boards of Pearson College UWC and Canada World Youth.
Axworthy appears regularly on television and radio as a political analyst. He also frequently contributes to various academic journals, magazines and newspapers, especially the Toronto Star (as a former columnist), Policy Options, Policy Magazine and China Today. He has also edited a number of books, most notably "Towards a Just Society: The Trudeau Years", which he co-edited with Pierre Trudeau in 1990.
In 2015, Axworthy was elected as a Member of the Pierre Elliot Trudeau Foundation and in the same year the Trudeau family asked him to become the literary executer of the Pierre Elliot Trudeau Estate.
In 2011, Axworthy was appointed and remains the Secretary General of the InterAction Council which he has been an associate member of since 2008, but has been closely involved with since 1995. InterAction Council is "an international organization whose objective is to address long-term, global issues facing humankind. The Council is currently co-Chaired by Bertie Ahern, the former Prime Minister of Ireland and the former President of Nigeria Olusegun Obasanjo (the Right Honourable Jean Chrétien (Prime Minister of Canada, is Honorary co-chair). The Council is composed of more than thirty former heads of state who jointly develop proposals for action and submit them directly to national and international decision-makers."
In 2012, Axworthy was awarded the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Medal for his contributions to Canadian public policy.
In 2016 Massey College, University of Toronto, asked him to become Public Policy Chair. In 2017 Axworthy also accepted the invitation of Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China, to be a visiting professor where he lectures annually and contributes regularly to China Today magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="6919070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919070" title="Tautesti">
Tautesti



</doc>
<doc id="6919071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919071" title="Iragna">
Iragna

Iragna is a former municipality in the district of Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
On 2 April 2017 the former municipalities of Cresciano, Lodrino and Osogna merged into the new municipality of Riviera.
History.
Iragna is first mentioned in 1210 as "Inagna".
Iragna was one of the ten village cooperatives (Vicini), which formed the municipality of Levantine. It belonged to the valley community in 1441 when the entire Levantine along with Lodrino and its hamlets were conquered by Uri. At that time Iragna became part of the Vicariate of the dukes of Milan. Under Milan, the long-established citizens of the village were allowed to select their own bailiff. In the first half of the 17th century, the population of Iragna was involved in a series of witch trials.
The church of SS Eusebio e Gaudenzio has been in use since 1210.
Since Iragna was on a road that offered an alternative route to the traditional trans-alpine route through Biasca, it possessed a travellers hospice starting in 1288. The hospice was supported and directed by the hospice in Pollegio.
Iragna's chestnut forests were used to provide wood to residents of the middle and upper Leventina. Granite mining has been a major source of income since the end of the 19th century.
Geography.
Iragna has an area, , of . Of this area, or 4.4% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 67.0% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 4.1% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.6% is either rivers or lakes and or 19.7% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 0.9% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.3%. Power and water infrastructure as well as other special developed areas made up 2.3% of the area Out of the forested land, 53.8% of the total land area is heavily forested, while 11.4% is covered in small trees and shrubbery and 1.8% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 3.2% is used for growing crops. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 11.5% is unproductive vegetation and 8.3% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Riviera district, on the right bank of the Ticino river.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Vert a tau cross inverted wavy between two bells or."
Demographics.
Iragna has a population () of . , 21.7% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 11.6%. Most of the population () speaks Italian language (449 or 91.4%), with German being second most common (12 or 2.4%) and Serbo-Croatian being third (9 or 1.8%). There are 3 people who speak French and 1 person who speaks Romansh.
, the gender distribution of the population was 48.8% male and 51.2% female. The population was made up of 203 Swiss men (35.7% of the population), and 74 (13.0%) non-Swiss men. There were 242 Swiss women (42.6%), and 49 (8.6%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 199 or about 40.5% were born in Iragna and lived there in 2000. There were 134 or 27.3% who were born in the same canton, while 33 or 6.7% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 122 or 24.8% were born outside of Switzerland.
In there were 4 live births to Swiss citizens and 1 birth to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 4 deaths of Swiss citizens and 3 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens remained the same while the foreign population decreased by 2. There was 1 Swiss man who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 5 non-Swiss men who emigrated from Switzerland to another country and 1 non-Swiss woman who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was a decrease of 3 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 6 people. This represents a population growth rate of 0.5%.
The age distribution, , in Iragna is; 55 children or 9.7% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 66 teenagers or 11.6% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 63 people or 11.1% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 91 people or 16.0% are between 30 and 39, 100 people or 17.6% are between 40 and 49, and 70 people or 12.3% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 46 people or 8.1% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 54 people or 9.5% are between 70 and 79, there are 23 people or 4.0% who are over 80.
, there were 196 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 251 married individuals, 21 widows or widowers and 23 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 190 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.5 persons per household. There were 51 households that consist of only one person and 7 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 194 households that answered this question, 26.3% were households made up of just one person and 5 were adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 47 married couples without children, 76 married couples with children There were 8 single parents with a child or children. There were 3 households that were made up unrelated people and 4 households that were made some sort of institution or another collective housing.
 there were 163 single family homes (or 79.1% of the total) out of a total of 206 inhabited buildings. There were 28 multi-family buildings (13.6%), along with 3 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (1.5%) and 12 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (5.8%). Of the single family homes 2 were built before 1919, while 13 were built between 1990 and 2000. The greatest number of single family homes (81) were built between 1919 and 1945.
 there were 251 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was 4 rooms of which there were 78. There were 13 single room apartments and 74 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 190 apartments (75.7% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 55 apartments (21.9%) were seasonally occupied and 6 apartments (2.4%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 5.5 new units per 1000 residents. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.38%.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SP which received 33.79% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (22.36%), the CVP (20.81%) and the Ticino League (16.25%). In the federal election, a total of 150 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 44.0%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 340 registered voters in Iragna, of which 215 or 63.2% voted. 3 blank ballots were cast, leaving 212 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PS which received 68 or 32.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 41 or 19.3%), the SSI (with 35 or 16.5%) and the PPD+GenGiova (with 34 or 16.0%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, The most popular party was the PS which received 76 or 35.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 42 or 19.5%), the PPD (with 35 or 16.3%) and the LEGA (with 34 or 15.8%).
Economy.
, Iragna had an unemployment rate of 3.77%. , there were 20 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 5 businesses involved in this sector. 99 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 13 businesses in this sector. 39 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 14 businesses in this sector. There were 239 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 35.6% of the workforce.
 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 109. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 10, all of which were in agriculture. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 62, of which 27 or (43.5%) were in manufacturing, 11 or (17.7%) were in mining and 24 (38.7%) were in construction. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 37. In the tertiary sector; 1 or 2.7% were in wholesale or retail sales or the repair of motor vehicles, 9 or 24.3% were in the movement and storage of goods, 16 or 43.2% were in a hotel or restaurant, 2 or 5.4% were in the information industry, 1 or 2.7% were technical professionals or scientists, 4 or 10.8% were in education.
, there were 80 workers who commuted into the municipality and 179 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 2.2 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 3.3% used public transportation to get to work, and 70.7% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 418 or 85.1% were Roman Catholic, while 3 or 0.6% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, and there were 3 individuals (or about 0.61% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There were 20 (or about 4.07% of the population) who were Islamic. 29 (or about 5.91% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 18 individuals (or about 3.67% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Iragna about 177 or (36.0%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 28 or (5.7%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 28 who completed tertiary schooling, 89.3% were Swiss men, 7.1% were Swiss women.
In Iragna there were a total of 95 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Iragna there were 17 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 27 students attended the standard primary schools and 1 student attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 25 students in the two-year middle school, while 6 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 4 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 14 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There was 1 student in the professional program.
, there were 24 students from Iragna who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6919078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919078" title="Tauti">
Tauti



</doc>
<doc id="6919084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919084" title="List of places in Alaska (K)">
List of places in Alaska (K)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6919086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919086" title="Teis">
Teis



</doc>
<doc id="6919089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919089" title="DVD DL">
DVD DL



</doc>
<doc id="6919091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919091" title="Tomekk">
Tomekk



</doc>
<doc id="6919095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919095" title="DVD-DL">
DVD-DL



</doc>
<doc id="6919096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919096" title="Teiusu">
Teiusu



</doc>
<doc id="6919097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919097" title="List of places in Alaska (L)">
List of places in Alaska (L)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6919099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919099" title="Shannon Walker">
Shannon Walker

Shannon Walker (born June 4, 1965) is an American physicist and a former NASA astronaut selected in 2004. She launched on her first mission into space on June 25, 2010, onboard Soyuz TMA-19 and spent over 163 days in space.
She returned to space for her second long-duration mission on November 15, 2020, onboard SpaceX Crew-1, the first operational flight of SpaceX's Crew Dragon spacecraft.
Early life and education.
Walker was born in Southwest Houston, where she graduated from Westbury High School in 1983.
She studied physics at Rice University in Texas, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts in Physics in 1987. 
Walker began her professional career with the Rockwell Space Operations Company at the Johnson Space Center later that year as a robotics flight controller for the Space Shuttle program. She worked several Space Shuttle missions as a flight controller in the Mission Control Center, including STS-27, STS-32, STS-51, STS-56, STS-60, STS-61, and STS-66.
From 1990 to 1993, Walker took a leave of absence from Johnson Space Center to attend graduate school, where her area of study was the solar wind interaction with the Venusian atmosphere. She received a Master of Science and a PhD in Space Physics from Rice University in 1992 and 1993.
In 1995, she joined the NASA civil service and began working in the International Space Station (ISS) Program at the Johnson Space Center.
Walker worked in robotics integration, working with the ISS International Partners to design and build the robotics hardware for the Space Station. In 1998, she joined the ISS Mission Evaluation Room (MER) as a manager for coordinating on-orbit problem resolution for the ISS.
In 1999, Walker moved to Moscow to work with the Russian Space Agency and its contractors in avionics integration and integrated problem solving for the ISS. She returned to Houston in 2000 and became the technical lead for the ISS MER and the Deputy Manager of the On-Orbit Engineering Office. Later, she became Acting Manager of the On-Orbit Engineering Office.
Astronaut career.
In May 2004, Walker was selected by NASA as an astronaut candidate as part of the 19th class of astronauts. In February 2006, she completed Astronaut Candidate Training, including scientific and technical briefings, intensive instruction in Shuttle and International Space Station systems, physiological training, T-38 flight training, and water and wilderness survival training. Completion of this initial training qualified her for various technical assignments within the Astronaut Office and future flight assignment as a mission specialist.
On September 19, 2011, NASA announced that Walker would command the undersea exploration mission aboard the Aquarius underwater laboratory from October 17–30, 2011. Delayed by stormy weather and high seas, the mission began on October 20, 2011. On the afternoon of October 21, Walker and her crew officially became aquanauts, having spent over 24 hours underwater. NEEMO 15 ended early on October 26 due to the approach of Hurricane Rina.
In 2017 Walker served as backup for NASA astronaut Joe Acaba for Expedition 53/54, and she herself was scheduled to launch onboard Soyuz MS-12 in early 2019 and serve on Expedition 59/60. She was removed from the flight and replaced with Christina Koch well before launch.
Expedition 24/25.
Walker was assigned as backup to NASA Astronaut Jeff Williams for ISS Expedition 21/22, directly serving as backup commander for Expedition 22. Following the launch of Expedition 21/22 on Soyuz TMA-16 in September 2009, Walker was assigned to the prime crew of Expedition 24/25.
On June 15, 2010, Walker launched onboard Soyuz TMA-19, alongside fellow NASA astronaut Douglas Wheelock and Roscosmos cosmonaut Fyodor Yurchikhin. Two days later the trio rendezvoused with the ISS and docked to the Zvezda module, officially becoming part Expedition 24 crew. During Expedition 24, Walker and her two Soyuz TMA-19 counterparts made a 30-minute excursion inside of their Soyuz to move from the Zvezda module to the new "Rassvet" module, which had been delivered onboard STS-132 during the previous Expedition. The three became the first crewmembers to dock with the new module.
Upon the departure of the crew of Soyuz TMA-18 on September 25, 2010, Walker and her two crewmates became part of Expedition 25. They were soon joined by the three crew members onboard Soyuz TMA-01M. On November 26, 2010, Walker, Wheelock and Yurchikin departed the ISS onboard Soyuz TMA-19 and began their return home. The three returned to Earth at 04:46 UTC on November 26, 2010, 78 kilometers from Arkalyk, Kazakhstan.
Expedition 64/65.
On March 31, 2020, NASA announced Walker would be returning to space for her second spaceflight onboard USCV-1, the first operational flight of SpaceX's Crew Dragon spacecraft and the first operational flight of the Commercial Crew Program. Walker launched on November 15, 2020. She and her three crewmates spent 167 days aboard the ISS as part of Expedition 64/65.
The crew, including Walker as mission specialist, docked to the ISS and join the Expedition 64 crew in November, alongside Russian cosmonauts, commander Sergey Ryzhikov and Sergey Kud-Sverchkov, as well as NASA astronaut Kathleen Rubins. When the Soyuz MS-17 crew left the station, in April 2021, Walker and her three crewmates transferred over to Expedition 65, with Walker taking command of the expedition, becoming only the third female ISS commander and the shortest commander of ISS, serving only for approximately 11 days.
Retirement.
Shannon Walker retired from NASA on July 10, 2025, concluding a distinguished career that spanned 38 years, including more than 30 years of federal service and over 21 years as a NASA astronaut.
During her time at NASA, Walker flew on two long-duration missions and accumulated a total of 330 days in space. Her work contributed to numerous scientific investigations and technology demonstrations aboard the International Space Station.
In her later years at NASA, she served in leadership roles, including deputy chief of the Astronaut Office, where she helped oversee astronaut training and operations. Her retirement was officially announced in July 2025, marking the end of a career noted for technical expertise, pioneering spaceflight achievements, and mentorship within the astronaut corps.
Awards and honors.
Goethe Institute Scholarship for Study Abroad, Rice Fellowship for Graduate Study, Rockwell Sustained Superior Performance Award; seven Group Achievement Awards for work in the International Space Station (ISS) Program; three Going the Extra Mile Awards for work in the ISS Program; a Space Flight Awareness Award for contributions to the ISS Program; and nine Performance Bonus Awards.
She is a member of the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association (AOPA) and The Ninety-Nines International Organization of Women Pilots.
In 2022, SpaceX's Dragon support vessel "GO Navigator" was renamed "Shannon" along with "GO Searcher" as "Megan" after SpaceX Crew-2 astronaut, Megan McArthur.
Dr. Shannon Walker Library of the Houston Public Library (HPL), in Westbury, Houston, is named after her.
Personal life.
She is married to retired NASA astronaut, Australian-born Andy Thomas.
Walker's recreational interests include cooking, soccer, running, weight training, flying, camping, and travel.

</doc>
<doc id="6919105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919105" title="Tepes Voda">
Tepes Voda



</doc>
<doc id="6919112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919112" title="Tesna">
Tesna



</doc>
<doc id="6919116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919116" title="Todiresti">
Todiresti



</doc>
<doc id="6919123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919123" title="List of municipalities of the Metropolitan City of Naples">
List of municipalities of the Metropolitan City of Naples

The following is a list of the 92 municipalities ("comuni") of the Metropolitan City of Naples in the region of Campania in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6919128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919128" title="Tomesti">
Tomesti



</doc>
<doc id="6919131" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919131" title="Sabine Busch">
Sabine Busch

Sabine Busch (later Ascui; born 21 November 1962, in Erfurt) is a retired East German athlete, who specialised in the 400 metres and the 400 metres hurdles. In 1987, she became the World Champion at 400  m hurdles and the World Indoor Champion at 400  m.
Biography.
At the 1982 European Championships she finished fourth in the 400 m, before winning a gold medal in the 4 × 400 metres relay, together with teammates Kirsten Siemon, Dagmar Rubsam and Marita Koch. At the 1983 World Championships she finished fifth in her 400 m semifinal and was eliminated, but won another gold medal in the relay, with teammates Gesine Walther, Koch and Rübsam. She set her 400 m lifetime best of 49.24 in Erfurt in June 1984, but could not compete in the 1984 Olympics due to the Eastern Bloc Boycott.
Busch switched to the 400 m hurdles in 1985, with immediate success, winning the European Cup in Moscow in 54.13 secs, before breaking Margarita Ponomaryova's world record of 53.58, with 53.55 in Berlin in September. She ended the season by winning at the World Cup in Canberra in 54.44.
Busch began 1986 by winning the 400 m title at the European Indoor Championships for the second time, having also won the 1985 Event. At the 1986 European Championships in Stuttgart, she won a silver medal in the 400 m hurdles, losing to Marina Stepanova, who in the process broke Busch's world record with 53.32, Busch ran 53.60. She won a gold medal in the relay with Emmelmann (Siemon), Petra Muller and Koch.
In 1987, Busch won the 400 m title at the World Indoor Championships in Indianapolis. The highlight of her career came at the 1987 World Championships in Rome, where she won a clear victory in the 400 m hurdles in 53.62 secs, to become world champion. She won a second gold medal in the relay with Emmelmann, Neubauer (Rubsam) and Muller. At the 1988 Olympic Games in Seoul she finished fourth in the final of the 400 m hurdles, being edged out of the bronze medal by her GDR teammate Ellen Fiedler (53.63 – 53.69). She did win a bronze medal in the relay alongside her teammates Neubauer, Emmelmann and Muller.
In 1991, Busch represented a United Germany at the World Championships in Tokyo, where she was eliminated in the semi-finals in 55.93 secs.
Busch's career best time at the 400 m hurdles was 53.24 seconds, achieved in August 1987 in Potsdam. As of 2024, this is still the German record. Her personal best time in the 400 metres of 49.24 seconds, places her second on the German all-time list, only behind Marita Koch. On the world all-time lists, she ranks 16th at 400 m and 24th at 400 m hurdles.
Busch represented the sports club SC Turbine Erfurt and was coached by Eberhard König.

</doc>
<doc id="6919135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919135" title="List of What I Like About You episodes">
List of What I Like About You episodes

The following is a list of episodes of the television show "What I Like About You". The series aired on The WB from September 20, 2002, to March 24, 2006, with 86 episodes produced spanning four seasons.
Series overview.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6919139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919139" title="Red skies over europe">
Red skies over europe



</doc>
<doc id="6919140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919140" title="Tomsani">
Tomsani



</doc>
<doc id="6919145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919145" title="War of iraq">
War of iraq



</doc>
<doc id="6919146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919146" title="Tomulesti">
Tomulesti



</doc>
<doc id="6919151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919151" title="Julius Rebek">
Julius Rebek

Julius Rebek Jr. (born Gyula Rebek on April 11, 1944) is a Hungarian-American chemist and expert on molecular self-assembly.
Rebek was born in Beregszász, Kingdom of Hungary, (present-day Berehove, Ukraine), which at the time was part of Hungary, in 1944 and lived in Austria from 1945 to 1949. In 1949 he and his family immigrated to the United States and settled in Topeka, Kansas where he graduated from Highland Park High School. Rebek graduated from the University of Kansas with a Bachelor of Arts degree in chemistry. Rebek received his Master of Arts degree and his Ph.D. in organic chemistry from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1970. There he studied peptides under D. S. Kemp.
Rebek was an assistant professor at the University of California at Los Angeles from 1970 to 1976. There he developed the three-phase test for reactive intermediates. In 1976, he moved to the University of Pittsburgh, where he developed cleft-like structures for studies in molecular recognition. In 1989 he returned to MIT, where he became the Camille Dreyfus Professor of Chemistry and devised synthetic, self-replicating molecules. In July 1996, he moved his research group to the Scripps Research Institute to become the director of the Skaggs Institute for Chemical Biology, where he continues to work in molecular recognition and self-assembling systems.
Rebek is a member of the National Academy of Sciences.
Three-phase test.
Rebek's independent research began in the 1970s, with a method to detect reactive intermediates. This was invented through application of polymer-bound reagents. A precursor for the reactive intermediate was covalently attached to one solid phase while a trap was attached to a second such support. When transfer takes place between the solid phases, it requires the existence of a reactive intermediate, free in solution as shown below. Among the reactive species detected by this "Three Phase Test" were cyclobutadiene, singlet oxygen, monomeric metaphosphate, and acyl imidazoles.
Molecular machine.
A model of the Pauling principle - catalysis by maximum binding to the transition state – was devised in 1978. A physical process, the racemization of bipyridyl, was chosen. The transition structure features coplanar aryl rings and a specific binding force (the chelation of a metal by bipyridyl), and shows maximum metal/ligand attraction at the coplanar geometry. The biaryl bond acts like a fulcrum and binding induces a mechanical stress elsewhere in the molecule. This was one of the first molecular machines, a rotor.
Synthetic model of allosteric effects.
Other bipyridyls and biphenyls were designed in the 1980s as synthetic models of allosteric effects shown below. One involved two identical and mechanically coupled binding sites and it showed positive cooperativity in binding of covalent mercury compounds. Rotors are still the most frequent chemical models for allosteric effects, and are present in many of the molecular machines pursued in other laboratories today.
Molecular recognition.
Efforts in molecular recognition in the 1980s, led to cleft-like shapes for recognition of ions and especially nonionic targets. Using derivatives of Kemp's triacid, Rebek arranged functional groups that "converged" to create a recognition site. Shown above is a bisimide that chelates adenine in water. Versions with carboxyl groups became widely used elsewhere as models for metalloenzymes (the XDK structures) and in Rebek's laboratory to probe stereoelectronic effects.
Self-replication.
In 1990, these studies culminated in a synthetic, self-complementary that acted as a template for its own formation. It showed autocatalysis based on molecular recognition and was the first synthetic system to show a primitive sign of life: self-replication.
The template grasps the reactants by hydrogen bonding at both ends as indicated below. The self-complementary "recipe" has been incorporated universally in self-replicating systems synthesized in other research groups.
Philip Ball in his book, "Designing the Molecular World", argues that Rebek's self-replicating molecules share some criteria with both nucleic acids and proteins and, moreover, "their replications operates according to novel kind of molecular interaction rather than mimicking the complementarity base pairing of nucleic acids. One could view this as an indication that perhaps DNA is not the sine qua non of life, so that one might conceive of organisms that 'live' according to completely different molecular principles." He suggests that Rebek has been able to pursue the idea of "molecular 'evolution' by making artificial replicators that can be mutated. … The considerable excitement that has greeted Julius Rebek's work is inspired in part by the possibilities that it raises for exploring the kind of chemical processes that led to the appearance of life on our planet."
British ethologist Richard Dawkins in his book, "River out of Eden", suggests that Rebek's replicating molecules "raise the possibility of other worlds having a parallel evolution [to Earth's] but with a fundamentally different chemical basis."
Self assembly.
Through collaboration with Javier de Mendoza in 1993, Rebek managed to create a self-assembling capsule. These form reversibly by completely surrounding small molecule targets and have become a versatile tool of modern physical organic chemistry. They exist in solution at equilibrium and under ambient conditions. They act as nanometric reaction chambers, as means to stabilize reagents, as sources of "complexes within complexes" and as spaces where new forms of stereochemistry have been created. They also inspired encapsulation in other research groups that use metal-ligand interactions for self-assembly. A cylindrical capsule of nanometric dimensions is shown above; it selects congruent guests singly or pairwise when the space inside is appropriately filled. 
Richard Dawkins writes about autocatalysis as a potential explanation for abiogenesis in his 2004 book "The Ancestor's Tale". He cites experiments performed by Julius Rebek and his colleagues at the Scripps Research Institute in California in which they combined amino adenosine and pentafluorophenyl ester with the autocatalyst amino adenosine triacid ester (AATE). One system from the experiment contained variants of AATE which catalysed the synthesis of themselves. This experiment demonstrated the possibility that autocatalysts could exhibit competition within a population of entities with heredity, which could be interpreted as a rudimentary form of natural selection.
Protein Surface Mimetics.
In recent years Rebek has pursued synthetic protein surface mimetics. Through a collaboration with Tamas Bartfai, these show promising biological activity in animal models of diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="6919153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919153" title="Tonesti">
Tonesti



</doc>
<doc id="6919156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919156" title="Erdős-Turan conjecture">
Erdős-Turan conjecture



</doc>
<doc id="6919163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919163" title="Topesti">
Topesti



</doc>
<doc id="6919166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919166" title=".NET Micro Framework">
.NET Micro Framework

The .NET Micro Framework (NETMF) was a .NET Framework platform for resource-constrained devices with at least 512 kB of flash and 256 kB of random-access memory (RAM). It includes a small version of the .NET Common Language Runtime (CLR) and supports development in C#, Visual Basic .NET, and debugging (in an emulator or on hardware) using Microsoft Visual Studio. NETMF features a subset of the .NET base class libraries (about 70 classes with about 420 methods), an implementation of Windows Communication Foundation (WCF), a GUI framework loosely based on Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF), and a Web Services stack based on Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP) and Web Services Description Language (WSDL). NETMF also features added libraries specific to embedded applications. It is free and open-source software released under Apache License 2.0.
The Micro Framework aims to make embedded development easier, faster, and less costly by giving embedded developers access to the modern technologies and tools used by desktop application developers. Also, it allows desktop .NET developers to use their skills in embedded systems, enlarging the pool of qualified embedded developers.
The Micro Framework is part of the .NET Foundation. Announced at the Build 2014 conference, the foundation was created as an independent forum to foster open development and collaboration around the growing set of open-source technologies for .NET.
Features.
Relative to other .NET platforms, the unique features of the Micro Framework are:
Due to the constraints under which it operates, the Micro Framework does have some limits beyond those imposed by its slimmed-down libraries. For example, the platform does not support symmetric multiprocessing, multidimensional arrays, machine-dependent types, or unsafe instructions. The CLR is an interpreter rather than a just-in-time compiler, and uses a simpler mark-and-sweep garbage collector instead of a generational method. An ahead-of-time compiler is being developed using a modified LLVM compiler. Interoperation between managed and native code currently has several limitations. As of 2011, Micro Framework supported two .NET languages: C# and Visual Basic.
Support.
As of 2013, the .NET Micro Framework was supported on ARM architecture processors (including ARM7, ARM9, and Cortex-M) and has been supported on Analog Devices Blackfin in the past. The Porting Kit is now available along with the source code as a free download under the Apache License 2.0 at the Microsoft Download Center.
The Micro Framework has its roots in Microsoft's Smart Personal Objects Technology (SPOT) initiative and was used in MSN Direct products such as smart watches before being made available to third-party developers early in 2007. It is a common platform for Windows SideShow devices and has been adopted in other markets, such as energy management, healthcare, industrial automation, and sensor networks.
Microsoft allows developers to create applications using the Micro Framework without charge, and makes a software development kit (SDK) available for free download that can be used with all versions of Visual Studio, including the free Express editions.
History.
In November 2009, Microsoft released the source code of the Micro Framework to the development community as free and open-source software under the Apache License 2.0.
In January 2010, Microsoft launched the "netmf.com" community development site to coordinate ongoing development of the core implementation with the open-source community.
On 9 January 2010, GHI Electronics announced FEZ Domino, the first member of the product line called FEZ (Freakin' Easy!), a combination of open-source hardware with a proprietary closed-source version of .NET Micro Framework.
On 3 August 2010, Secret Labs announced the Netduino, the first all-open-source electronics platform using the .NET Micro Framework.
In February 2011, Novell posted a preview of the Mono 2.12 C# compiler, the first open-source compiler for .NET Micro Framework.
On 23 January 2017, after numerous attempts ( and ) to revive .NET Microframework project and bring it to community governance and a period of work "in the dark", a group of embedded systems developers publicly announced .NET nanoFramework as spin-off of .NET Micro Framework. A major rework on the build system, an easier way of adding new targets, a modernized API following UWP, a Visual Studio extension with all the tools required for managing targets, full development experience from coding to debugging on the native code and support for ARM Cortex-M and ESP32 were the key differences at that time. On 12 October 2018 the first official release of the class libraries and firmware images was announced. On 2020-06-17 the developers announced release of nanoFramework
On 16 December 2016, GHI Electronics announced their own implementation of Micro Framework called TinyCLR OS, citing lack of maintenance of NETMF by Microsoft. On 7 July 2017 GHI announced 5th preview of TinyCLR OS. On 2 February 2018 GHI announced 8th preview of TinyCLR OS. On 5 April 2018 GHI announced 10th preview of TinyCLR OS. On 27 April 2022 GHI announced release of TinyCLR OS version 2.2.
As of 2023, only nanoFramework and TinyCLR OS continue development of a framework that can run .NET code on a microcontroller.
Hardware.
Multiple vendors make chips, development kits, and more that run the Micro Framework.
Netduino by Wilderness Labs.
Netduino is an open-source electronics platform using the Micro Framework. Originally created by Secret Labs, Netduino has been manufactured and maintained by Wilderness Labs Inc. since the acquisition of Secret Labs in 2017. Based on 168Mhz Cortex-M4 (STM32F4) with up to 1,408 KB of code storage and 164 KB of RAM. On-board USB, Ethernet, Wifi, SD card slot. Development environment is MS Visual Studio and C#. Pin compatible with Arduino shields although drivers are required for some shields.
GHI Electronics.
GHI Electronics makes several modules that support the Micro Framework:
GHI Electronics also makes the ".NET FEZ" line of very small open-source hardware boards with proprietary firmware, targeted for beginners. They are based on the USBizi chipset and all its features. The FEZ Domino board offers USB host. Even though FEZ is for beginners, it is also a low-cost starting point for professionals wanting to explore NETMF. Some of these boards are physically compatible with the Arduino.
GHI Electronics does not recommend to use its Micro Framework-based devices for new designs and instead recommends its TinyCLR-based devices.
Mountaineer boards.
Mountaineer boards, part of the Mountaineer Group, used to make a small range of open-source open-hardware boards that make use of the Micro Framework. Mountaineer have ported the Micro Framework for use on the STM32 family of microcontrollers featured on their Mountaineer boards and elsewhere.
STMicroelectronics.
STMicroelectronics, creators of the microcontroller family STM32, make low-cost discovery boards to showcase the controllers, and provides ports of the Micro Framework to run on them.
Netmfdevices.
Netmfdevices was an open-source electronics platform using FEZHacker and .NET Micro Framework.
Micromint.
The Micromint Bambino 200 is the first multi-core processor SBC compatible with the .NET Gadgeteer framework. The model 200 is powered by an NXP LPC4330, the first dual-core ARM Cortex-M microcontroller. Its Cortex-M4 and Cortex-M0 cores are both capable of 204 MHz. It has 264 KB SRAM onboard and 4 MB of flash. The model 200E has all the same features as the model 200, and increased flash memory to 8 MB, 10 Gadgeteer sockets, an Ethernet port, microSD socket, and other features.
.NET Gadgeteer devices.
Several manufacturers make boards and modules compatible with the .NET Gadgeteer rapid-prototyping standard for the framework.

</doc>
<doc id="6919168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919168" title="Little Old Lady from Pasadena">
Little Old Lady from Pasadena



</doc>
<doc id="6919169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919169" title="List of places in Alaska (M)">
List of places in Alaska (M)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6919171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919171" title="Trifesti">
Trifesti



</doc>
<doc id="6919174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919174" title="Lodrino, Ticino">
Lodrino, Ticino

Lodrino is a former municipality in the district of Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
On 2 April 2017 the former municipalities of Cresciano, Iragna and Osogna merged into the new municipality of Riviera.
History.
Lodrino is first mentioned in 857 as "Ludrini". In 1193 it was mentioned as "Ludrino".
Remains of fortifications suggest that in the 12th and 13th century a noble family, perhaps from Lombardy, lived in Lodrino. During the Middle Ages, Lodrino also included the hamlet of Prosito (called Proxedrium in the 13th century). Until the mid-15th century, Prosito probably had the same status as Lodrino and Iragna. The hamlets on the mountainside formed the community of Monte Parli, which was first mentioned in 1207.
The parish church of SS Gervasio e Protasio in Prosito was built in the 13th century and was, perhaps, a private church. The center Monte Parli was the Chapel of San Martino di Monte Paglio, which was built in 1215. It was originally the parish church of the hamlets and was known as SS Placido e Sigisberto. The main church in Lodrino was the church of St. Ambrogio which was first mentioned in 1375. It was built on the foundation of a romanesque church from the 11th-12th centuries. The churches were supported in the Middle Ages by the Vicar of Biasca. When the Duke of Milan ceded the Levantine to Uri in 1441, he reorganized his holdings in the Riviera. The villages Lodrino, Prosito and Iragna were incorporated in a ducal vicariate, which was allowed to elect their own village officials. In the administration as well as civil and criminal law the villages were given considerable autonomy. They were given village statutes of 1450 and again in 1492. In 1496 Lodrino, Prosito and Iragna swore their loyalty to the Swiss Confederation.
In past centuries, the population lived on agriculture and livestock. Between 1782 and 1869 there was a glass factory and a little temporary textile industry in the village. The construction of the Gotthard railway required a number of granite quarries to supply stone for the project. Some of the quarries are still in operation in spite of a strong and steady decline of the workforce. In 1939, the so-called Lona-line (Lodrino-Osogna) was built, a long fortified line with 23 anti-tank forts. Since 1943, a small military airfield, the Lodrino Air Base, has been in operation. It is now also used as a civilian helicopter landing site. In the last decades of the 20th century there was major construction activity in the municipality. Many new homes as well as schools (primary and advanced) and sports facilities were built.
Geography.
Lodrino has an area, , of . Of this area, or 7.9% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 68.3% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 3.6% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.9% is either rivers or lakes and or 17.2% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 1.5% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.3%. Out of the forested land, 54.4% of the total land area is heavily forested, while 11.9% is covered in small trees and shrubbery and 1.9% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 6.2% is used for growing crops and 1.5% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 8.6% is unproductive vegetation and 8.6% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Riviera district on the right bank of the Ticino river.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Vert a chisel argent and a hammer or headed argent in saltire in chief a cloak gules over a sword also argent hendeled or and in base a bell also or." The chisel and hammer represent the quarries that provided employment to many residents of the town. The cloak on the sword is an attribute of St. Martin, the patron of the village church.
Demographics.
Lodrino has a population () of . , 27.1% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 12.9%. Most of the population () speaks Italian language (1,292 or 88.4%), with Portuguese being second most common (70 or 4.8%) and Serbo-Croatian being third (36 or 2.5%). There are 16 people who speak French and 3 people who speak Romansh.
, the gender distribution of the population was 51.4% male and 48.6% female. The population was made up of 573 Swiss men (34.9% of the population), and 270 (16.5%) non-Swiss men. There were 611 Swiss women (37.2%), and 187 (11.4%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 603 or about 41.3% were born in Lodrino and lived there in 2000. There were 305 or 20.9% who were born in the same canton, while 85 or 5.8% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 429 or 29.4% were born outside of Switzerland.
In there were 12 live births to Swiss citizens and 5 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 5 deaths of Swiss citizens and 2 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 7 while the foreign population increased by 3. There were 14 non-Swiss men and 7 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 3 and the non-Swiss population stayed the same. This represents a population growth rate of 0.2%.
The age distribution, , in Lodrino is; 172 children or 10.5% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 186 teenagers or 11.3% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 159 people or 9.7% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 246 people or 15.0% are between 30 and 39, 283 people or 17.2% are between 40 and 49, and 194 people or 11.8% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 200 people or 12.2% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 144 people or 8.8% are between 70 and 79, there are 57 people or 3.5% who are over 80.
, there were 544 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 802 married individuals, 66 widows or widowers and 49 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 549 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.6 persons per household. There were 117 households that consist of only one person and 40 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 551 households that answered this question, 21.2% were households made up of just one person and 10 were adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 138 married couples without children, 245 married couples with children There were 27 single parents with a child or children. There were 12 households that were made up unrelated people and 2 households that were made some sort of institution or another collective housing.
 there were 298 single family homes (or 73.0% of the total) out of a total of 408 inhabited buildings. There were 98 multi-family buildings (24.0%), along with 7 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (1.7%) and 5 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (1.2%). Of the single family homes 4 were built before 1919, while 40 were built between 1990 and 2000. The greatest number of single family homes (127) were built between 1919 and 1945.
 there were 671 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was 4 rooms of which there were 211. There were 48 single room apartments and 164 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 542 apartments (80.8% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 112 apartments (16.7%) were seasonally occupied and 17 apartments (2.5%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 3.7 new units per 1000 residents. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.28%.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 42.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (21.39%), the SP (17.2%) and the Ticino League (11.05%). In the federal election, a total of 507 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 54.6%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 941 registered voters in Lodrino, of which 696 or 74.0% voted. 5 blank ballots and 1 null ballot were cast, leaving 690 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 231 or 33.5% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 123 or 17.8%), the PLRT (with 108 or 15.7%) and the PS (with 104 or 15.1%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 5 blank ballots and 1 null ballot were cast, leaving 690 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 237 or 34.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 123 or 17.8%), the LEGA (with 111 or 16.1%) and the PLRT (with 101 or 14.6%).
Economy.
, Lodrino had an unemployment rate of 3.89%. , there were 28 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 10 businesses involved in this sector. 291 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 30 businesses in this sector. 344 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 33 businesses in this sector. There were 662 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 34.1% of the workforce.
 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 604. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 9, all of which were in agriculture. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 236, of which 127 or (53.8%) were in manufacturing, 53 or (22.5%) were in mining and 57 (24.2%) were in construction. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 359. In the tertiary sector; 13 or 3.6% were in wholesale or retail sales or the repair of motor vehicles, 39 or 10.9% were in the movement and storage of goods, 18 or 5.0% were in a hotel or restaurant, 2 or 0.6% were the insurance or financial industry, 218 or 60.7% were technical professionals or scientists, 35 or 9.7% were in education and 8 or 2.2% were in health care.
, there were 325 workers who commuted into the municipality and 412 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.3 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 6.6% used public transportation to get to work, and 65.3% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 1,262 or 86.4% were Roman Catholic, while 21 or 1.4% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 45 members of an Orthodox church (or about 3.08% of the population), and there were 4 individuals (or about 0.27% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There was 1 individual who was Jewish, and 16 (or about 1.10% of the population) who were Islamic. There was 1 individual who was Buddhist, 63 (or about 4.31% of the population) who belonged to no church, were agnostic or atheist, and 48 individuals (or about 3.29% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Lodrino about 517 or (35.4%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 86 or (5.9%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 86 who completed tertiary schooling, 65.1% were Swiss men, 23.3% were Swiss women, 8.1% were non-Swiss men.
In Lodrino there were a total of 289 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Lodrino there were 47 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 94 students attended the standard primary schools and 4 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 76 students in the two-year middle school and 1 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 30 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 11 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 23 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 3 students in the professional program.
, there were 129 students in Lodrino who came from another municipality, while 36 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6919183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919183" title="Turcesti">
Turcesti



</doc>
<doc id="6919187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919187" title="Osogna">
Osogna

Osogna is a former municipality in the district of Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
On 2 April 2017 the former municipalities of Osogna, Cresciano, Iragna and Lodrino merged into the new municipality of Riviera.
History.
Osogna is first mentioned around 1210–58 as "Usonia".
Roman graves have been found near the Nala creek.
During the Middle Ages Osogna was under the spiritual and secular power of Milan Cathedral. During the reign of the Visconti in the 14th century, Osogna, Claro and Cresciano were combined under the jurisdiction of a governor. The town rights were confirmed in 1400. Between 1573 and 1798 Osogna was the residence of the Riviera Vogts and the center of government for the valley. After 1798, it was the seat of the district government.
The parish church of SS Felino e Gratiniano was built before the 13th century and was renovated in 1979–84. The other churches in the municipality are the church of S. Pietà from the 16th century and S. Maria del Castello from the 18th century.
Since the end of the 19th century, granite has been quarried in Osogna. In the 1960s, factories and warehouses began to move into the municipality. In 2005, the manufacturing sector provided over three-fifths of the jobs in Osogna. More than two-thirds of the population of Osogna commute to Biasca and Bellinzona.
The Patriziato (Patriciate) of Osogna.
This public institution is much older than the Municipality. The burghers of Osogna belong to this community which goes back to the vicina of the Middle Ages. All the mountain forests and pastures belong to this institution. These pastures were used during the seasonal migration of the cattle (static transhumance).
Old family names of Osogna are Guidi, Malaguerra, Mattei, Pellanda.
The Parrocchia (Parish) of Osogna.
The Catholics of Osogna belong to this parish. The parish church of the Saints Gratiniano and Felino was built in 1498. There are two other churches in Osogna: the church of Santa Maria (Holy Mary) built on the foundations of an old castle (end of the Middle Ages) and the church of Santa Pietà (1729).
Geography.
Osogna has an area, , of . Of this area, or 2.1% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 60.6% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 4.5% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.1% is either rivers or lakes and or 30.0% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 1.3% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.9%. Out of the forested land, 51.0% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.3% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 0.8% is used for growing crops and 1.3% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 15.9% is unproductive vegetation and 14.1% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Riviera district south of Biasca on the left bank of the Ticino river. It is located north of Bellinzona and south of Biasca. The highest mountain is the Torrone d'Orza ().
The rocks consist mainly of gneisses and granites (three quarries were operated in Osogna).
The vegetation is composed primarily of deciduous trees (beeches, chestnut trees) up to about and then evergreen trees (spruces and larches). Chestnuts were an important food for the population.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Per fess gules and azure overall a fess wavy argent an in chief a cross pattee or."
Demographics.
Osogna has a population () of . , 36.2% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 4.3%. Most of the population () speaks Italian (803 or 85.3%), with Portuguese being second most common (34 or 3.6%) and German being third (32 or 3.4%). There are 4 people who speak French.
, the gender distribution of the population was 52.3% male and 47.7% female. The population was made up of 340 Swiss men (32.7% of the population), and 204 (19.6%) non-Swiss men. There were 344 Swiss women (33.1%), and 152 (14.6%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 323 or about 34.3% were born in Osogna and lived there in 2000. There were 199 or 21.1% who were born in the same canton, while 53 or 5.6% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 352 or 37.4% were born outside of Switzerland.
In there were 4 live births to Swiss citizens and 4 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 4 deaths of Swiss citizens and 3 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens remained the same while the foreign population increased by 1. There was 1 Swiss man and 1 Swiss woman who emigrated from Switzerland. At the same time, there were 9 non-Swiss men and 3 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 15 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 11 people. This represents a population growth rate of 0.4%.
The age distribution, , in Osogna is; 104 children or 10.0% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 128 teenagers or 12.3% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 120 people or 11.5% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 151 people or 14.5% are between 30 and 39, 188 people or 18.1% are between 40 and 49, and 124 people or 11.9% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 105 people or 10.1% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 76 people or 7.3% are between 70 and 79, there are 44 people or 4.2% who are over 80.
, there were 373 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 490 married individuals, 48 widows or widowers and 30 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 352 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.5 persons per household. There were 93 households that consist of only one person and 27 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 357 households that answered this question, 26.1% were households made up of just one person and 5 were adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 75 married couples without children, 146 married couples with children. There were 28 single parents with a child or children. There were 5 households that were made up unrelated people and 5 households that were made some sort of institution or another collective housing.
 there were 190 single family homes (or 68.3% of the total) out of a total of 278 inhabited buildings. There were 62 multi-family buildings (22.3%), along with 12 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (4.3%) and 14 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (5.0%). Of the single family homes 6 were built before 1919, while 23 were built between 1990 and 2000. The greatest number of single family homes (48) were built between 1919 and 1945.
 there were 423 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was 4 rooms of which there were 157. There were 8 single room apartments and 100 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 350 apartments (82.7% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 49 apartments (11.6%) were seasonally occupied and 24 apartments (5.7%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 2.9 new units per 1000 residents. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.45%.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 37.69% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (28.63%), the Ticino League (12.82%) and the SP (7.95%). In the federal election, a total of 273 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 52.5%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 522 registered voters in Osogna, of which 347 or 66.5% voted. 5 blank ballots and 4 null ballots were cast, leaving 338 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 97 or 28.7% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD+GenGiova (with 80 or 23.7%), the SSI (with 50 or 14.8%) and the LEGA (with 44 or 13.0%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 4 blank ballots were cast, leaving 343 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 102 or 29.7% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD (with 79 or 23.0%), the LEGA (with 62 or 18.1%) and the SSI (with 47 or 13.7%).
Economy.
, Osogna had an unemployment rate of 4.59%. , there were 5 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 2 businesses involved in this sector. 131 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 13 businesses in this sector. 80 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 28 businesses in this sector. There were 422 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 31.0% of the workforce.
 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 229. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 4, all of which were in agriculture. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 181, of which 33 or (18.2%) were in manufacturing and 148 (81.8%) were in construction. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 44. In the tertiary sector; 20 or 45.5% were in wholesale or retail sales or the repair of motor vehicles, 5 or 11.4% were in a hotel or restaurant, 3 or 6.8% were technical professionals or scientists, 8 or 18.2% were in education and 2 or 4.5% were in health care.
, there were 196 workers who commuted into the municipality and 294 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.5 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 9.2% used public transportation to get to work, and 63.3% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 752 or 79.9% were Roman Catholic, while 18 or 1.9% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 17 members of an Orthodox church (or about 1.81% of the population), and there were 2 individuals (or about 0.21% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There were 54 (or about 5.74% of the population) who were Islamic. 68 (or about 7.23% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 30 individuals (or about 3.19% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Osogna about 348 or (37.0%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 63 or (6.7%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 63 who completed tertiary schooling, 61.9% were Swiss men, 20.6% were Swiss women, 14.3% were non-Swiss men.
In Osogna there were a total of 196 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Osogna there were 27 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 56 students attended the standard primary schools and 4 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 62 students in the two-year middle school, while 9 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 9 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 28 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There was 1 student in the professional program.
, there were 87 students from Osogna who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6919193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919193" title="Udresti">
Udresti



</doc>
<doc id="6919200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919200" title="Dorothy Metcalf-Lindenburger">
Dorothy Metcalf-Lindenburger

Dorothy Marie "Dottie" Metcalf-Lindenburger (born May 2, 1975) is a retired American astronaut. She was a science teacher at Hudson's Bay High School in Vancouver, Washington when she was selected in 2004 as an educator mission specialist. She was the first Space Camp alumna to become an astronaut.
Early life and career.
Dorothy Metcalf was born in Colorado Springs, Colorado to Joyce and Keith Metcalf. 
Metcalf graduated from Fort Collins High School, Fort Collins, Colorado. She went on to attend Whitman College in Walla Walla, Washington, where she studied geology. As an undergrad, she undertook research with the KECK Consortium for two summers. In 1995, she worked in Wyoming mapping the last glaciations of Russell Creek, and in 1996 she mapped and determined the petrology of the rocks in the Wet Mountain region of Colorado. She graduated from Whitman College in 1997.
She received her teaching certification at Central Washington University, Ellensburg, Washington in 1999. Metcalf spent five years teaching earth science and astronomy at Hudson's Bay High School in Vancouver, Washington. She spent three years coaching cross-country at the high school level, and two years coaching Science Olympiad.
In 2000, she married Jason Lindenburger, a fellow Whitman College graduate and educator, from Pendleton, Oregon. They have one daughter together.
In 2016, Metcalf-Lindenburger earned her master's degree in geology from the University of Washington.
She is a member of the organizations International Order of the Rainbow for Girls, Phi Beta Kappa, the National Education Association, and The Mars Generation.
NASA career.
Metcalf-Lindenburger was selected by NASA in May 2004 as an astronaut candidate. Astronaut candidate training includes orientation briefings and tours, numerous scientific and technical briefings, intensive instruction in Shuttle and International Space Station systems, physiological training, T-38 flight training, and water and wilderness survival training. Successful completion of this training in February 2006 qualified her as a NASA Astronaut. She served as a mission specialist on STS-131, an April 2010 Space Shuttle mission to the International Space Station. The mission's primary payload was the Multi-Purpose Logistics Module "Leonardo", which was filled with food and science supplies for the station. The MPLM also carried the third and final Minus Eighty Degree Laboratory Freezer for ISS (MELFI), Window Orbital Research Facility (WORF), one Crew Quarters Rack, the Muscle Atrophy Resistive Exercise (MARES) rack, Resupply Stowage Racks (RSRs), and Resupply Stowage Platforms (RSPs).
On July 20, 2009, Metcalf-Lindenburger sang the national anthem at the Houston Astros game against the St. Louis Cardinals in celebration of the 40th anniversary of the Apollo 11 Moon landing. She has been a long-time lead singer with the all-astronaut rock band, "Max Q".
On April 16, 2012, NASA announced that Metcalf-Lindenburger would command the undersea exploration mission aboard the Aquarius underwater laboratory, scheduled to begin on June 11, 2012, and last twelve days. The NEEMO 16 crew successfully "splashed down" at 11:05 am on June 11. On the morning of June 12, Metcalf-Lindenburger and her crewmates officially became aquanauts, having spent over 24 hours underwater. The crew safely returned to the surface on June 22.
Metcalf-Lindenburger retired from NASA on June 13, 2014, to live and work in the Seattle area.
Spaceflights.
STS-131 "Discovery" (April 5 to 20, 2010), a resupply mission to the International Space Station, was launched at night from the Kennedy Space Center, Florida. On arrival at the station, "Discovery"s crew dropped off more than 27,000 pounds of hardware, supplies and equipment, including a tank full of ammonia coolant that required three spacewalks to hook up, new crew sleeping quarters and three experiment racks. On the return journey, "Leonardo", the Multi-Purpose Logistics Module (MPLM) inside "Discovery"s payload bay, was packed with more than 6,000 pounds of hardware, science results and trash. The STS-131 mission was accomplished in 15 days, 2 hours, 47 minutes and 10 seconds and traveled 6,232,235 statute miles in 238 Earth orbits.

</doc>
<doc id="6919203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919203" title="Uncesti">
Uncesti



</doc>
<doc id="6919204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919204" title="Rahway Prison">
Rahway Prison



</doc>
<doc id="6919207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919207" title="List of places in Alaska (N)">
List of places in Alaska (N)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6919209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919209" title="Urechesti">
Urechesti



</doc>
<doc id="6919214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919214" title="List of places in Alaska (O)">
List of places in Alaska (O)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6919216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919216" title="Ursi">
Ursi

Ursi is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="6919217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919217" title="Hanged in chains">
Hanged in chains



</doc>
<doc id="6919223" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919223" title="Vacarea">
Vacarea



</doc>
<doc id="6919225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919225" title="List of places in Alaska (P)">
List of places in Alaska (P)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6919230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919230" title="Vadurele">
Vadurele



</doc>
<doc id="6919233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919233" title="List of places in Alaska (Q)">
List of places in Alaska (Q)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6919238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919238" title="Valari">
Valari

A valari () is a traditional weapon, primarily used by the Tamil people of the Indian subcontinent. The valari resembles, and is used similarly to a boomerang or throwing stick. It was used by the Tamil people in ancient battles, for protecting cattle from predators, and for hunting. The British called valari "collery-sticks" after the Kallar caste that used them. 
The valari has a long history, dating back to pre-historic times. Valaris are described in the Tamil Sangam "Purananuru": a historical version of the Sangam literature, the Purananuru 233rd Poem, mentions the "thigri" or valari. Weapons similar to this were also called Valaithadi, Tigiri, Paravallai, Cuḻalpaṭai, Kallartadi and Pataivattam.
The techniques and philosophies of valari are long periods of interaction with Tamil (India) peoples, cultures, and Traditional Arts. Valari is a synthesis of the game which is played in various methods with same name. Valari received international exposure from 2018 onwards, demonstrated and played in various states of India. In 2018, the International Valari Federation (IVF) came into existence and compiled standard rules. After formation of the International Valari Federation (IVF), the 1st National Valari Championship were held in Vellore on 16 December 2018, 2nd National Valari Championship were held in Lucknow, UP on 27 October 2019 and 3rd National Valari Championship were held in Chennai on 14 March 2021. The International Valari Federation (IVF) has given new shape to the rules and has the right to modify them.
Construction.
The valari is a traditional art of Tamil Nadu, India. International Valari Federation (IVF) has worked toward developing a traditional sport of valari. In 2018, the IVF declared “Valari” as The Mother of All Traditional Arts and formed a separate commission as the “International Valari Federation (IVF)”. The IVF was inaugurated and hosted first organization in the world for Valari sport. The primary objective of which was to lay the foundation for the future of Valari. IVF became the most important world governing body for Valari.
Valaris are made in many shapes and sizes. The usual form consists of two limbs set at an angle; one thin and tapering, the other rounded to form a handle. Valaris are usually made of iron cast in moulds, although some may have wooden limbs tipped with iron or have sharpened edges while others have been made from ivory.
History and usage.
There are several ways of throwing and aiming. It is usually given a spin while throwing. While flying through the air, it can maneuver and execute several types of movements according to the throwers purpose. It may spin in the vertical axis, horizontal axis, or without spinning. The spin may also vary in speed. A lethal throw is given a spin and aimed at the neck. A non-lethal throw is given a spin and aimed at the ankles or knees. This is to capture a fleeing victim. A simple hurting blow does not have any spin. It is sharp enough to cut through a person's neck during war.
It was used for wars and hunting by the Kallar and Maravar clans of Tamil Nadu. It is recorded that Marudhu brothers were experts at throwing Valaris. In The Hindu article 'The deadly weapon that exemplified Tamil spirit' dated 3 June 2016 Madurai MP Su.Venkatesan says, "It is said that there were experts in the art of throwing the "valari who" could at one stroke despatch small game and even man. But now it reposes peacefully in the households of the descendants of Kallar and Maravar warriors who plied it with such deadly effect." The English destroyed most of the valaris when they came for conquest as they thought it would be a potential weapon of war. Only a handful of valaris are left in Tamil Nadu now. The erstwhile rulers of Kallar and Maravar dynasties preserve them at their palaces now. The remaining Valaris are kept for worship by these clans during special occasions such as Ayudhapooja. Valaris taken from Tamil Nadu are kept at museums all over the world.
It was also exchanged between the bride and bridegroom families of Kallars. British archaeologist Robert Bruce Foote had recalled the old saying “send the valari and bring the bride". The Pudukkottai kings always kept valari weapons in their arsenal.

</doc>
<doc id="6919244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919244" title="List of places in Alaska (R)">
List of places in Alaska (R)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6919246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919246" title="Bataille de la Moskowa">
Bataille de la Moskowa



</doc>
<doc id="6919248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919248" title="Valcele">
Valcele



</doc>
<doc id="6919249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919249" title="List of defunct New Zealand Rugby Union teams">
List of defunct New Zealand Rugby Union teams



</doc>
<doc id="6919252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919252" title="Dj uncle al">
Dj uncle al



</doc>
<doc id="6919257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919257" title="Broome County Route 4">
Broome County Route 4



</doc>
<doc id="6919260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919260" title="Valcelele">
Valcelele



</doc>
<doc id="6919262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919262" title="Lower intercostal">
Lower intercostal



</doc>
<doc id="6919270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919270" title="Valea Alba">
Valea Alba



</doc>
<doc id="6919275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919275" title="Valea Manastirii">
Valea Manastirii



</doc>
<doc id="6919277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919277" title="Tom Padden">
Tom Padden

Thomas Francis Padden (October 6, 1908 – June 10, 1973) was an American professional baseball player and manager. He played as a catcher in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1932 to 1937 for the Pittsburgh Pirates. Padden returned to Major League Baseball in 1943 during the World War II manpower shortage to play for the Philadelphia Phillies and the Washington Senators.
Baseball career.
Padden was a native of Manchester, New Hampshire. He attended The College of the Holy Cross and graduated from Saint Anselm College. He began his professional baseball career in 1928 with his hometown Manchester Blue Sox. He made his Major League debut on May 29, 1932, at the age of 23, with the Pirates in a road game against the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field. His two best seasons were 1934, when he batted .321 in 82 games, and 1935, in which he had career-highs of 97 games played, 302 at bats, and 35 runs scored.
Career totals include a batting average of .272, 318 hits, including 40 doubles and two home runs, a .345 on-base percentage, 110 runs batted in, and 122 runs scored. His two home runs came off Al Smith of the New York Giants on August 26, 1935, and Al Hollingsworth of the Cincinnati Reds on August 7, 1936. He was an average defensive catcher for his era, with a lifetime fielding percentage of .977. Notable Pirate teammates who were future Baseball Hall of Fame members were Burleigh Grimes, Waite Hoyt, Freddie Lindstrom, Pie Traynor, Arky Vaughan, Lloyd Waner, and Paul Waner.
Padden spent the 1948 season as manager of his hometown Manchester Yankees of the Class B New England League, an affiliate of the New York Yankees. In 1949 he managed the Galt Terriers of the Inter-County League in southern Ontario. He also played occasionally. He managed the Terriers to a first-place finish, but his team lost to the Brantford Red Sox in seven games in the league's playoff semifinals.
He died in Manchester on June 10, 1973, at the age of 64 of a ruptured pancreas. He is buried in Saint Joseph Cemetery, Bedford, New Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="6919279" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919279" title="USS Johnston (DD-821)">
USS Johnston (DD-821)

USS "Johnston" (DD-821) was a of the United States Navy, the second Navy ship named for Lieutenant John V. Johnston, who served in the Navy during the American Civil War.
Construction and career.
"Johnston" was laid down on 26 March 1945, by Consolidated Steel Corporation, Orange, Texas; launched on 10 October 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Marie S. Klinger; grandniece of Lt. J. V. Johnston; and commissioned on 23 August 1946.
Service in the United States Navy.
After shakedown in the Caribbean, "Johnston" reported to Newport, Rhode Island, on 16 May 1947, for duty with the Atlantic Fleet. Operating out of Newport, its home port, it sailed on 9 February 1948, for Northern Europe where it visited ports in Great Britain, France, and Scandinavia before returning to Newport on 26 June. For fourteen months it operated along the Atlantic coast, then sailed on 23 August 1949, for the Mediterranean. From then until 4 October 1961, it deployed with the 6th Fleet on eight occasions and supported peace-keeping efforts in the Middle East.
While on its first Mediterranean deployment, it helped to stabilize the Adriatic Sea during the Trieste crisis, and it patrolled the coast of Greece to bolster the country's freedom and national security against threatened Communist domination. "Johnston" returned to Newport on 26 January 1950. It operated out of Newport from Canada to the Caribbean until 4 June 1951, when it departed with Midshipman at sea training off Northern Europe. Following its return to Newport on 28 July, it cleared the East Coast for the Mediterranean on 3 September and joined the 6th Fleet in operations that carried it from French Morocco to Turkey; it then returned to home port on 4 February 1952.
"Johnston" departed Newport on 7 January 1953, for NATO operations in the North Atlantic. Before sailing for duty in the Mediterranean on 16 March "Johnston" aided the Dutch after storms in the North Sea had caused extensive flooding in the Netherlands; its crew donated bundles of warm clothing and more than $1,200 for the storm victims. It operated in the Mediterranean until 8 May when it steamed for Newport, arriving on 18 May.
After a four-month deployment in the Mediterranean during early 1954, "Johnston" operated for more than seventeen months along the Atlantic coast from New England to Cuba. On 5 November 1955, it steamed for maneuvers off Northern Europe, followed by another tour of duty in the Mediterranean. While operating in the eastern Mediterranean during February 1956, it patrolled off Israel and Egypt as the Middle East rumbled over the developing Suez Canal crisis. Returning to Newport on 5 March, it embarked midshipmen on 5 June for two months of at-sea training off Northern Europe, after which it resumed operations out of Newport.
"Johnston" sailed once again on 6 May 1957, for peace-keeping operations with the 6th Fleet. Before returning to the United States on 1 August it ranged the Mediterranean from Spain to Sicily on anti-submarine warfare (ASW) barrier patrols. While at Marseille, France, on 3 July, it helped fight a destructive blaze on board . Steaming from Newport on 3 September, it joined the Atlantic Fleet for the NATO Exercise "Strike Back" in the North Atlantic. It returned to Newport on 22 October, then resumed operations that sent it into the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico.
Returning to the North Atlantic on 6 June 1959, for further NATO maneuvers, "Johnston" steamed to Charleston, South Carolina, on 25 July and joined Destroyer Squadron 4 (DesRon 4) for deployment to the Mediterranean. Departing Charleston on 21 September, it conducted Fleet operations in the western Mediterranean; on 18 December it joined naval units from France, Italy, and Spain along the French coast for a review in honor of President Dwight D. Eisenhower. Following patrols along the Greek coast, it departed Athens for the United States on 24 March 1960, arriving at Charleston on 10 April.
Before deploying again to the Mediterranean, "Johnston" joined in NATO Exercise "Sword Thrust" during the fall of 1960; then it departed Charleston on 8 March 1961, to bolster the 6th Fleet's continuing efforts to maintain peace in the Middle East. After returning to the United States 4 October, it steamed on 19 November for patrol duty off the Dominican Republic. During this brief but important duty its presence did much to stabilize a situation "which had threatened to plunge the country into bitter fighting and a return of the Trujillo dictatorship."
"Johnston" returned to Charleston on 26 November; and following coastal operations, she steamed to Boston, Massachusetts, where she underwent Fleet Rehabilitation and Modernization (FRAM I) overhaul from 4 January to 31 October 1962. During this time she received the latest equipment, including ASROC system and QH-50 DASH facilities, to prepare her for new assignment in the modern Navy. Departing Boston on 2 November, she arrived Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, via Charleston on 10 December for Caribbean operations. While steaming near Mona Island on 1 February 1963, it rescued sinking Honduran freighter "Kirco" and towed her to Mayaguez, Puerto Rico. Continuing her Atlantic operations, she supported Polaris missile firing tests. As fired two underwater missiles off the Florida coast on 14 March, "Johnston" became the first destroyer to serve as "primary support ship for an underwater firing of a Polaris missile."
After more than four months of ASW tactical operations, "Johnston" departed Charleston on 6 August for her ninth deployment to the Mediterranean. While operating with the 6th Fleet, she steamed the length and breadth of the Mediterranean and entered the Black Sea on 27 September. During the cruise to Turkish Black Sea ports she served as a symbol of America's determination to safeguard peace on land through strength on the sea. Following two months of ASW operations, "Johnston" departed Cannes, France, for the United States on 7 December and arrived Charleston on 23 December for coastal operations through 1964.
The veteran destroyer departed Charleston on 6 January 1965 for the Mediterranean to resume peace-keeping operations with forces of other NATO countries. She returned to Charleston on 7 June, and devoted the rest of the year to operations with Polaris submarines, amphibious exercises, and overhaul to prepare for future service.
"Johnston" began New Year 1966 as sonar school training ship at Key West, Florida During this period of training she visited Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, for refresher training; and in February while "Johnston"s crew was spending weekend liberty at Kingston, Jamaica, her sailors swiftly answered a call for help on the 27th. The famous Myrtle Bank Hotel had caught fire and threatened the whole waterfront. "Johnston" sailors rushed to the fire and averted disaster.
"Johnston" operated off the East Coast until departing Charleston on 29 September for Mediterranean and Middle East deployment. After operating on the far side of the Suez Canal, she again transited the Suez Canal to rejoin the 6th Fleet in the Mediterranean. There her exercises with this powerful deterrent force helped to stabilize the area while bringing her to peak readiness for any emergency which might threaten the peace. She returned to Charleston on 9 February 1967 and operated on the East Coast through mid-year.
5 years later, she finally arrived into Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, after her engine room was dismantled and then being towed from Charleston, SC., for decommissioning. After refurbishing she served for the U.S. Naval Reserve Unit there, before being sold to ROCN (Taiwan).
On 27 February 1981, "Johnston" was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register and transferred to the Republic of China.
Service in the Republic of China Navy.
She was commissioned with the Republic of China Navy as the ROCS "Chen Yang" (DD-928).
"Chen Yang" was subject to a major modification and complete rearmament to a guided missile destroyer with the pennant number DDG-928 under the "Wu-Chin III" program, with the upgrade completed by 1998. All 5 inch guns were removed, with 10 box launchers for SM-1 Standard surface to air missiles fitted, four ahead of the bridge and six right aft on the ship's fantail. A single Otobreda 76 mm gun was mounted forward, with two Bofors 40 mm/L70 guns amidships and a Phalanx 20 mm Close-in weapon system aft. The ships ASROC launcher was retained, although the reload capability was removed. The ship's sensors were also refurbished, with the radar suite changed to a HSA DA-08 air search radar and an AN/SPS-58 air/sea search radar, with HSA STIR-18 and Westinghouse HW-160 fire control radars. The sonar was upgraded to the Raytheon DE-1191, a digital upgrade of the SQS-23 sonar installed as part of the FRAM upgrade. A quadruple mounting for the Hsiung Feng II anti-ship missile was added amidships by 1995.
"Chen Yang" served as part of the 146th Frigate squadron. She was decommissioned on 16 December 2003.
On 20 July 2006, she was towed out to sea to be sunk as a target ship off Hualien.

</doc>
<doc id="6919281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919281" title="Erdős-Faber-Lovász conjecture">
Erdős-Faber-Lovász conjecture



</doc>
<doc id="6919284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919284" title="Valea Mare de Cris">
Valea Mare de Cris



</doc>
<doc id="6919287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919287" title="Tendinous arches">
Tendinous arches



</doc>
<doc id="6919294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919294" title="Valea Neagra">
Valea Neagra



</doc>
<doc id="6919299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919299" title="15 inch /42 (38.1 cm) Mark I naval gun">
15 inch /42 (38.1 cm) Mark I naval gun



</doc>
<doc id="6919305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919305" title="Urban Andrain Woodbury">
Urban Andrain Woodbury



</doc>
<doc id="6919306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919306" title="San Vicente (volcano)">
San Vicente (volcano)

San Vicente (also known as Chichontepec or Las Chiches) is a stratovolcano in central El Salvador. It is located next to the town of San Vicente (hence the name) and is the second highest volcano in El Salvador. In the indigenous language Nahuat, Chichontepec means "the mountain of the two breasts", because its double summit resembles a woman's bosom. The volcano has two craters, one located in each summit, although not exactly at the top. A dense jungle covers both summits. Numerous hot springs and fumaroles are found on the northern and western flanks of the volcano. To the northeast, at 820 metres in a ravine of 180 metres longitude, there are fumaroles—fountains of clear and muddy water or small volcanoes of mud.
The last significant eruption occurred more than 1,700 years ago. The volcano may have had a very long history of repeated, and sometimes violent, eruptions, and at least once a large section of the volcano collapsed in a massive landslide.
On August 9, 1995, Aviateca Flight 901 crashed at the volcano, killing all 65 people on board.

</doc>
<doc id="6919307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919307" title="Valea Parului">
Valea Parului



</doc>
<doc id="6919308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919308" title="Nicole Stott">
Nicole Stott

Nicole Marie Passonno Stott (born November 19, 1962) is an American engineer and a retired NASA astronaut. She served as a flight engineer on ISS Expedition 20 and Expedition 21 and was a mission specialist on STS-128 and STS-133. After 27 years of working at NASA, the space agency announced her retirement effective June 1, 2015. She is married to Christopher Stott, a Manx-born American space entrepreneur.
Early life and education.
Stott was born in Albany, New York and resides in St. Petersburg, Florida. She attended St. Petersburg College studying aviation administration, graduated with a B.S. degree in aeronautical engineering from Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University in 1987, and received her M.S. degree in Engineering Management from the University of Central Florida in 1992. Nicole Stott began her career in 1987 as a structural design engineer with Pratt &amp; Whitney Government Engines in West Palm Beach, Florida. She spent a year with the Advanced Engines Group performing structural analyses of advanced jet engine component designs. Stott is an instrument rated private pilot.
NASA career.
In 1988, Stott joined NASA at the Kennedy Space Center (KSC), Florida as an Operations Engineer in the Orbiter Processing Facility (OPF). After six months, she was detailed to the Director of Shuttle Processing as part of a two-person team tasked with assessing the overall efficiency of Shuttle processing flows, and implementing tools for measuring the effectiveness of improvements. She was the NASA KSC Lead for a joint Ames/KSC software project to develop intelligent scheduling tools. The Ground Processing Scheduling System (GPSS) was developed as the technology demonstrator for this project. GPSS was a success at KSC, and also a commercial success that is part of the PeopleSoft suite of software products. During her time at KSC, Stott also held a variety of positions within NASA Shuttle Processing, including Vehicle Operations Engineer; NASA Convoy Commander; assistant to the Flow Director for Space Shuttle Endeavour; and Orbiter Project Engineer for Columbia. During her last two years at KSC, she was a member of the Space Station Hardware Integration Office and relocated to Huntington Beach, California where she served as the NASA Project Lead for the ISS truss elements under construction at the Boeing Space Station facility. In 1998, she joined the Johnson Space Center (JSC) team in Houston, Texas as a member of the NASA Aircraft Operations Division, where she served as a Flight Simulation Engineer (FSE) on the Shuttle Training Aircraft (STA).
Selected as a mission specialist by NASA in July 2000, Stott reported for astronaut candidate training in August 2000. Following the completion of two years of training and evaluation, she was assigned technical duties in the Astronaut Office Station Operations Branch, where she performed crew evaluations of station payloads. She also worked as a support astronaut and CAPCOM for the ISS Expedition 10 crew. In April 2006, she was a crew member on the mission (NASA Extreme Environment Mission Operations) where she lived and worked with a six-person crew for 18 days on the Aquarius undersea research habitat. Stott was previously assigned to Expedition 20 and Expedition 21. She was launched to the International Space Station with the crew of STS-128, participating in the first spacewalk of that mission, and returned on STS-129, thus becoming the last Expedition crew-member to return to Earth via the space shuttle. Stott completed her second spaceflight on STS-133, the third to last flight of the space shuttle.
First live tweet-up from space.
On October 21, 2009, Stott and her Expedition 21 crewmate Jeff Williams participated in the first NASA Tweetup from the station with members of the public gathered at NASA Headquarters in Washington, D.C. This involved the first live Twitter connection for the astronauts. Previously, astronauts on board the Space Shuttle or ISS had sent the messages they desired to send as tweets down to Mission Control which then posted them via the Internet to Twitter.
Post NASA.
Stott was featured in a Super Bowl LIV commercial promoting Girls Who Code. Stott has also written a book Back To Earth, described as "What Life in Space Taught Me About Our Home Planet and Our Mission to Protect It". She is also an artist and brought a small watercolor kit on ISS Expedition 21 where she was the first person to paint with watercolor in space. Her current works often relate to astronomy including her Earth Observation collection and Spacecraft collection. In 2022, she is providing the narration to a piece being performed by the Schenectady Symphony Orchestra, Glen Cortese's "Voyager: A Journey to the Stars."

</doc>
<doc id="6919317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919317" title="Valea Rosie">
Valea Rosie



</doc>
<doc id="6919323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919323" title="ROCS Chen Yang (DDG-928)">
ROCS Chen Yang (DDG-928)



</doc>
<doc id="6919326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919326" title="Valea Sanpetrului">
Valea Sanpetrului



</doc>
<doc id="6919330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919330" title="Chichontepec">
Chichontepec



</doc>
<doc id="6919331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919331" title="Clara Poole">
Clara Poole



</doc>
<doc id="6919333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919333" title="16&quot;/50 Mark 7">
16&quot;/50 Mark 7



</doc>
<doc id="6919338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919338" title="Las Chiches">
Las Chiches



</doc>
<doc id="6919340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919340" title="List of municipalities of the Province of Salerno">
List of municipalities of the Province of Salerno

The following is a list of the 158 municipalities ("comuni") of the Province of Salerno in the region of Campania in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6919343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919343" title="ROCS Chen Yang (DD-928)">
ROCS Chen Yang (DD-928)



</doc>
<doc id="6919347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919347" title="Valea Sesii">
Valea Sesii



</doc>
<doc id="6919350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919350" title="Broome County Route 5">
Broome County Route 5



</doc>
<doc id="6919354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919354" title="List of San Francisco Giants seasons">
List of San Francisco Giants seasons

The San Francisco Giants are a professional baseball team based in San Francisco, California. They have been a member of the National League (NL), as a part of Major League Baseball, since the team's inception in 1883. They joined the NL West following the establishment of divisions within the league in 1969. The Giants played 75 seasons in New York City, New York, as the New York Gothams and New York Giants, spending the majority of their seasons at the Polo Grounds in Upper Manhattan. The Giants relocated to San Francisco in 1958, briefly playing at Seals Stadium. After sharing Candlestick Park for 29 years with the San Francisco 49ers National Football League team, the Giants moved to their current home, Oracle Park, in 2000. From October 1, 2010, through June 16, 2017, the Giants recorded a National League-record 530 consecutive sellouts.
The Giants are one of the most successful teams in Major League Baseball history, having won more games than any other team and having the second highest winning percentage. In New York, the Giants enjoyed 55 winning seasons, with only 3 losing seasons between 1903 and 1939, a stretch which included two runs of 10 or more straight winning seasons (1903–14 and 1916–1925). In San Francisco the Giants have had 39 winning seasons, including their first fourteen in the city. Their eight World Series titles are tied for fourth-most in baseball, while their 23 pennants are the second most in the National League, and third-most overall. Their first title came in 1905 against the Philadelphia Athletics, where they won the series 4–1. They claimed four consecutive National League pennants between 1921 and 1924, going on to beat cross-town team the New York Yankees in the World Series on two of those occasions. Their fourth title came in 1933 as they beat the Washington Senators in five games. The 1951 season saw the Giants beat their rivals the Brooklyn Dodgers in a three-game playoff for the National League pennant. The Giants won the series 2–1 on a walk-off home run by Bobby Thomson in game 3, a moment remembered as the Shot Heard 'Round the World. They went on to lose in the World Series to the Yankees. A 4–0 series sweep of the Cleveland Indians in the 1954 World Series earned the Giants their fifth title.
Until 2010, the Giants were without a title since relocation to San Francisco — at the time this was the third-longest World Series winning drought in the league. They have made it to the World Series on six occasions following the move, but were on the losing side each of the first three times. Among those was the 1989 World Series, when the "Bay Bridge Series", being contested against neighboring team the Oakland Athletics, was interrupted by the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake; the series was postponed for ten days, and the Giants were eventually swept by the A's. The club ended its title-winning drought in 2010, as they beat the Texas Rangers 4–1 to bring the Commissioner's Trophy to San Francisco for the first time in the city's history. The Giants won their second title in San Francisco in 2012, sweeping the Detroit Tigers, and won again for the third time in five years in 2014, defeating the Kansas City Royals in seven games.
In their entire history (141 years), the Giants have never had more than four straight losing seasons, and until 2022 had never finished at .500, either finishing above or below that mark every year.
Record by decade.
The following table describes the Giants' MLB win–loss record by decade.
These statistics are from Baseball-Reference.com's "San Francisco Giants History &amp; Encyclopedia", and are current as of October 5, 2024.
All-time records.
These statistics are from Baseball-Reference.com's "San Francisco Giants History &amp; Encyclopedia", and are current as of October 5, 2024.

</doc>
<doc id="6919357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919357" title="16 inch (406 mm)/50 caliber Mark 7">
16 inch (406 mm)/50 caliber Mark 7



</doc>
<doc id="6919358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919358" title="Valea Stanei">
Valea Stanei



</doc>
<doc id="6919360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919360" title="ROCS Chen Yang">
ROCS Chen Yang



</doc>
<doc id="6919367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919367" title="List of places in Alaska (S)">
List of places in Alaska (S)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6919369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919369" title="Valea Stanii">
Valea Stanii



</doc>
<doc id="6919371" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919371" title="All You Need Is Love (album)">
All You Need Is Love (album)

All You Need Is Love is the third album by German metal band Die Apokalyptischen Reiter and the first to feature the 19-year-old drummer Georg Lenhardt "Sir G." It is the first album by the band to feature lyrics in German, and the last to contain songs with their original style, which consists of death/thrash metal blended with melodic compositions.

</doc>
<doc id="6919377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919377" title="Erdős-Burr conjecture">
Erdős-Burr conjecture



</doc>
<doc id="6919380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919380" title="Valeni">
Valeni



</doc>
<doc id="6919384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919384" title="Valtori">
Valtori



</doc>
<doc id="6919385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919385" title="List of places in Alaska (U)">
List of places in Alaska (U)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6919393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919393" title="Vanatori">
Vanatori



</doc>
<doc id="6919395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919395" title="FS Unité">
FS Unité



</doc>
<doc id="6919397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919397" title="Vermont State Colleges">
Vermont State Colleges

The Vermont State Colleges System (VSCS) is the system of public colleges in the U.S. state of Vermont. It was created by act of the Vermont General Assembly in 1961. There are presently two entities in the VSCS consortium, the Community College of Vermont and the Vermont State University. Together, more than 11,000 students are enrolled in the constituent colleges.
History.
While VSCS, the state colleges' governing organization, was created in the mid-20th century, most of the component colleges are older. The state legislature first chartered Castleton University as a grammar school in 1787. Johnson State College was founded in 1828. The Vermont Technical College was founded in 1866. Lyndon State College was founded in 1911. Community College of Vermont, founded in 1970, was founded after the creation of the VSC. Northern Vermont University, was created in 2018 by merging Johnson State College and Lyndon State College together, combining administration but keeping the campuses separate.
For many years, the Vermont public colleges have experienced financial stress and chronic underfunding. Exacerbated by COVID-19, in April 2020, then Vermont State Colleges system Chancellor Jeb Spaulding recommended closing the Vermont Technical College residential campus in Randolph as well as both campuses of Northern Vermont University. This proposal was withdrawn and the state provided emergency "bridge" funding to the system in fall 2020. 
With the funding, the state put the system on a five-year plan to eliminate the system's structural deficit, unify Castleton University, Northern Vermont University, and Vermont Technical College into one university while keeping current campus locations open, and consolidate administrative services across the system. The Vermont State Colleges System Board of Trustees endorsed the plan in February 2021 and announced in September 2021 that the institutions would unify under the name Vermont State University on July 1, 2023.
Demographics.
Over eighty percent of VSCS students come from the state of Vermont. Students come from over forty other U.S. states, and more than forty-five countries. Class sizes are small, the average faculty to student ratio across the five colleges is 1:16. Nearly ninety percent of the faculty hold a Ph.D. or equivalent doctorate level terminal degree in their field of instruction.
Organization.
The Council of Presidents is the executive leadership body for Vermont State Colleges and comprises a chancellor and executive staff of the VSCS and the presidents of the four member colleges. The council works with the Board of Trustees of the Vermont State Colleges to set policies and procedures for the system. Current members of the Council are VSCS Chancellor Jeb Spaulding; President Karen Scolforo, Castleton University, President Joyce Judy, Community College of Vermont; President Elaine C. Collins, Northern Vermont University; President Patricia Moulton, the Vermont Technical College; and VSC General Counsel William Reedy, Chief Financial Officer Thomas Robbins, Chief Academic Officer Annie Howell, and Director of Community Relations and Public Policy Dan Smith.
The Chancellor's office provides the chief executive function of the system and performs day to day financial and policy operations. It is headed by Chancellor Elizabeth Mauch, who took office in January 2024 and is the former president of Bethany College. The system is overseen by the fifteen-member Board of Trustees and each of the state colleges has its own president and deans. 
The VSCS was headquartered at the Chancellor's Office in Waterbury until August 2011 when Tropical Storm Irene forced it to relocate temporarily. After one year of temporary location at the Vermont Tech Enterprise Center in Randolph, the Chancellor's Office found a new, permanent home in Montpelier. 

</doc>
<doc id="6919401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919401" title="Live Four">
Live Four

Live Four was a compilation CD of live Coil songs. This CD was the first of four releases in a series. Its counterparts are "Live Three", "Live Two" and "Live One". This album was later released as part of Coil's box set "The Key to Joy Is Disobedience".
Background.
The performance dates for "Bang Bang" and "An Unearthly Red" were performed in Prague on 27 October 2002. "I Am Angie Bowie (Sine Waves)", "Last Rites of Spring", "Are You Shivering", "Amethyst Deceivers", "The Universe is a Haunted House", "Ostia" and "I Don't Want To Be The One" are from a performance that took place on 29 October 2002 at Flex in Vienna, Austria.
"I Am Angie Bowie (Sine Waves)", "The Universe is a Haunted House", "Bang Bang" and "An Unearthly Red" are songs that have never had a proper studio release. "Last Rites of Spring" was originally released in studio form as "The Last Rites of Spring" on the album "Gold Is the Metal (With the Broadest Shoulders)". "Are You Shivering?" was originally released in studio form on the album "Musick to Play in the Dark Vol. 1". "Amethyst Deceivers" was originally released on the CD/7" single "". The version of the song on this album is a slower and much more like "The Last Amethyst Deceiver" on "The Ape of Naples" than the original version. "A Warning from the Sun" was originally released in studio form as "A Warning from the Sun (For Fritz)" on the CD single "". "Ostia" was originally released in studio form on "Ostia (The Death of Pasolini)" on the album "Horse Rotorvator". The version of the song on this album is much slower than the original. "I Don't Want To Be The One" was originally released in studio form as "Astral Disaster". "Bang Bang" is a cover of an old song by Sonny Bono. The lyrics to "An Unearthly Red" allude to a statement made by George W. Bush saying, "God told me to end the tyranny in Iraq". The song was released on a CD by Danny Hyde as "An Unhealthy Red".
On the back on the CD, there is notice of an upcoming DVD and vinyl release of the compilation. The vinyl edition was never released, but videos of both shows (the same songs as on the CD, with the exception of "Last Rites of Spring", which is unique to the CD) are included in the "Colour Sound Oblivion" 16DVD set.
According to the liner notes: "Coil were: Jhon Balance, Peter Christopherson, Ossian Brown &amp; Thighpaulsandra.

</doc>
<doc id="6919404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919404" title="Varatec">
Varatec



</doc>
<doc id="6919407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919407" title="13.5 inch /45 (34.3 cm) naval gun">
13.5 inch /45 (34.3 cm) naval gun



</doc>
<doc id="6919412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919412" title="Varnita">
Varnita



</doc>
<doc id="6919417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919417" title="Stephen D. Thorne">
Stephen D. Thorne

Stephen Douglas Thorne (February 11, 1953 – May 24, 1986), (Lt Cmdr, USN), was an American naval officer and aviator, test pilot and a NASA astronaut candidate.
He was born on February 11, 1953, in Frankfurt, West Germany, and graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1975. He was a Navy fighter pilot from 1976 until he became a test pilot in 1981.
He was accepted for NASA astronaut training in June 1985, but died in an airplane accident where he was a passenger on May 24, 1986.
He was survived by his wife, Sue Lotz of Staunton, Virginia. His interests included baseball, running, reading, and general aviation.
Education.
He graduated from T. L. Hanna High School, Anderson, South Carolina, in 1971 and received a Bachelor of Science degree in Systems Engineering from the United States Naval Academy in 1975.
Naval career.
Upon graduation from the U.S. Naval Academy, Thorne entered flight training and received his aviator wings in December 1976. Following training in the F-4 Phantom, he joined Fighter Squadron 21 (VF-21) and deployed to the Western Pacific aboard the . After training at the U.S. Naval Test Pilot School in 1981, Thorne spent the next two years at Strike Aircraft Test at the Naval Air Test Center, Patuxent River, Maryland, flying mostly ordnance and weapons systems tests in the F-4 and A-7 Corsair II. He completed F-18 Hornet transition training in October 1984 and joined Strike Fighter Squadron 132 (VFA-132) aboard until departing for NASA.
He accumulated over 2,500 flying hours and 200 carrier landings in approximately 30 different types of aircraft.
Astronaut experience.
Following an unsuccessful application for NASA Astronaut Group 10, Thorne was selected as an astronaut candidate by NASA in June 1985 and in August, commenced a one-year training and evaluation program to qualify him for subsequent assignment as a pilot on future Space Shuttle flights.
Thorne was killed in an aircraft accident of a stunt plane, in which he was a passenger, on May 24, 1986, two months before his astronaut class graduated. The stunt plane crashed while performing maneuvers near Santa Fe, Texas, killing Thorne and NASA engineer James Simons. He is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Awards.
Received Navy Commendation Medal in January 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="6919421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919421" title="Fanaa Music">
Fanaa Music



</doc>
<doc id="6919423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919423" title="List of places in Alaska (T)">
List of places in Alaska (T)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6919424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919424" title="Varsatura">
Varsatura



</doc>
<doc id="6919427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919427" title="FS l'unité">
FS l'unité



</doc>
<doc id="6919429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919429" title="Varteju">
Varteju



</doc>
<doc id="6919437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919437" title="Vartopu">
Vartopu



</doc>
<doc id="6919440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919440" title="Llŷn Rural District">
Llŷn Rural District



</doc>
<doc id="6919447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919447" title="Viisoara">
Viisoara



</doc>
<doc id="6919451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919451" title="Visina">
Visina



</doc>
<doc id="6919457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919457" title="Gemini II">
Gemini II



</doc>
<doc id="6919462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919462" title="Heike Schulte-Mattler">
Heike Schulte-Mattler

Heike Schulte-Mattler, née Schmidt (born 27 May 1958 in Oberhausen) is a German athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres.
She competed for West Germany in the 1984 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles, U.S. in the 4 × 400 metres where she won the bronze medal with her teammates Ute Thimm, Heidi-Elke Gaugel and Gaby Bußmann.
References.
Sports Reference

</doc>
<doc id="6919468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919468" title="Vizuresti">
Vizuresti



</doc>
<doc id="6919476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919476" title="Vladeni">
Vladeni



</doc>
<doc id="6919480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919480" title="National Independence Party (Luxembourg)">
National Independence Party (Luxembourg)



</doc>
<doc id="6919487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919487" title="Vladesti">
Vladesti



</doc>
<doc id="6919488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919488" title="Deadwood (TV Series)">
Deadwood (TV Series)



</doc>
<doc id="6919489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919489" title="Pat Holm">
Pat Holm



</doc>
<doc id="6919493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919493" title="Media Convergence">
Media Convergence



</doc>
<doc id="6919497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919497" title="Vladiceasca">
Vladiceasca



</doc>
<doc id="6919507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919507" title="Vladiceni">
Vladiceni



</doc>
<doc id="6919510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919510" title="Gaby Bußmann">
Gaby Bußmann

Gaby Bußmann (born 8 October 1959 in Haltern) is a German athlete who specialized in the 400 metres.
She competed for West Germany at the 1984 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles, U.S. where she won the bronze medal in the women's 4 × 400 metres with her team mates Heike Schulte-Mattler, Ute Thimm and Heidi-Elke Gaugel.
She became West German champion in 1978, 1978, 1982 and 1983, and won silver medals in 1984 and 1986. She represented the clubs ASV Köln, LG Ahlen-Hamm and SC Eintracht Hamm. Indoors she became German champion in 1979, 1981 and 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="6919511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919511" title="Benedict Kine">
Benedict Kine



</doc>
<doc id="6919515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919515" title="Exotic shorthair">
Exotic shorthair



</doc>
<doc id="6919518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919518" title="St. Germain d'Auxerre">
St. Germain d'Auxerre



</doc>
<doc id="6919519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919519" title="Vladuleni">
Vladuleni



</doc>
<doc id="6919520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919520" title="The Auschwitz of Africa">
The Auschwitz of Africa



</doc>
<doc id="6919522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919522" title="Cyrus M. Running">
Cyrus M. Running

Cyrus M. Running (August 2, 1913 - December 25, 1976) was an American regionalist painter.
Cyrus Maynard Running was born in Veblen, South Dakota. He was the son of Lutheran minister Alfred Running (1879-1970) and his musician wife, Julia Sophia Olson (1884 - 1935). Cyrus Running graduated from St. Olaf College and the University of Iowa. A student of Grant Wood, he is sometimes considered a regionalist. Much of his art focused on themes common to Minnesota or Norway. He was a member of the faculty of Concordia College in Moorhead, Minnesota, for many years. 

</doc>
<doc id="6919527" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919527" title="Voinesti">
Voinesti



</doc>
<doc id="6919530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919530" title="Battle of Marston Moore">
Battle of Marston Moore



</doc>
<doc id="6919532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919532" title="Vulpesti">
Vulpesti



</doc>
<doc id="6919535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919535" title="Van Alstyne">
Van Alstyne

Van Alstyne is a Dutch surname also found as "Van Alstine". Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6919537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919537" title="Vulturesti">
Vulturesti



</doc>
<doc id="6919541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919541" title="Zaharesti">
Zaharesti



</doc>
<doc id="6919543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919543" title="Bantu Speaking Bubi">
Bantu Speaking Bubi



</doc>
<doc id="6919546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919546" title="Zamfiresti">
Zamfiresti



</doc>
<doc id="6919552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919552" title="Graham Benstead">
Graham Benstead

Graham Mark Benstead (born 20 August 1963) is an English retired professional footballer who made over 110 appearances as a goalkeeper in the Football League for Brentford. He also played League football for Sheffield United, Colchester United, Norwich City and was capped by England at youth and semi-pro level. Benstead is goalkeeping coach at Frimley Green.
Club career.
Queens Park Rangers and Norwich City (1981–1988).
Born in Aldershot, Hampshire, Benstead began his career as a part-time player at Wimbledon and then entered the youth system at Queens Park Rangers. He signed his first professional contract in 1981. He had to wait until 8 January 1983 to make what would be his only appearance for the club, which came with a start in a 3–2 FA Cup third round defeat to West Bromwich Albion. After a loan spell with Norwich City late in the 1984–85 season, Benstead joined the newly relegated Second Division club at the end of the campaign for an initial £10,000 fee, with up to £35,000 in add-ons.
After promotion straight back to the First Division in 1985–86 and in the face of competition from new £100,000 signing Bryan Gunn, Benstead began the 1986–87 season as Norwich City's first-choice goalkeeper, but a shoulder injury suffered in November 1986 effectively ended his Carrow Road career. After loan spells with Colchester United and Sheffield United, he joined the latter club on a permanent contract for a £35,000 fee in 1988.
Sheffield United and Brentford (1988–1993).
Benstead was a regular for Sheffield United during the 1988–89 season, at the end of which the club celebrated promotion to the Second Division after a second-place finish. He lost his place to Simon Tracey during the 1989–90 season and made just one further appearance for the club before moving to Third Division Brentford in July 1990 for a £60,000 fee, with a further £10,000 to be paid after 25 appearances. Benstead had a successful first season with Brentford, missing just one match, keeping 23 clean sheets and winning the club's Supporters' and Players' Player of the Year awards. Despite suffering from hamstring and knee injuries, things were even better during the 1991–92 season, when the Bees finished the campaign as champions of the Third Division.
Despite missing four months of the 1992–93 First Division season with knee ligament damage and a hamstring injury, Benstead made 32 appearances during the campaign, which ended with relegation straight back to the Second Division. Benstead rejected the new contract offered to him during the 1993 off-season and was made available for loan. He failed to see eye-to-eye with new manager David Webb and made just seven early-1993–94 season appearances before joining Conference high-flyers Kettering Town on loan in October 1993. The deal was made permanent in December 1993, with Benstead signing on a free transfer. Benstead made 144 appearances during just over three seasons at Griffin Park.
Non-League football and return to Brentford (1993–1997).
Benstead's 18 months with Conference club Kettering ended with second and sixth-place finishes respectively and he dropped down to the Southern League Premier Division to move to Northamptonshire rivals Rushden &amp; Diamonds in June 1995. He had an excellent 1995–96 season, helping the club to the Premier Division title and promotion to the Conference. Benstead made just seven appearances during the 1996–97 season and had a non-playing spell with Kingstonian, before making a surprise return to Brentford in July 1997, as player/goalkeeping coach on a week-to-week contract. Minor surgery required by first-choice goalkeeper Kevin Dearden meant that Benstead made his second debut for the club in a 3–1 defeat to York City on 11 October 1997. He made one further appearance in an FA Cup first round replay versus former club Colchester United on 25 November, before being released by new manager Micky Adams in January 1998.
Return to non-League football (1997–2004).
Benstead joined Isthmian League Premier Division club Basingstoke Town in 1998 and wound down his career with spells at Chertsey Town, Farnborough Town and Stevenage Borough.
International career.
Benstead was capped once by England youth and won three caps for England Semi-Pro in 1994.
Coaching career.
Benstead has worked as a goalkeeping coach at Brentford, Basingstoke Town, Chertsey Town, Farnborough Town, Stevenage Borough and Frimley Green. He served as caretaker manager of Farnborough Town for one match and in 2004 was assistant to manager Graham Westley at Stevenage Borough.
Personal life.
Benstead works as a self-employed painter and decorator.
Honours.
Sheffield United
Brentford
Rushden &amp; Diamonds
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="6919553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919553" title="Zanoaga">
Zanoaga



</doc>
<doc id="6919555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919555" title="Angst (soundtrack)">
Angst (soundtrack)

Angst is the seventeenth album by Klaus Schulze. It was originally released in 1984, and in 2005 was the fourteenth Schulze album reissued by Revisited Records. It is the soundtrack for the 1983 Austrian film of the same name. "Freeze" featured in the 1986 film "Manhunter".
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Klaus Schulze.

</doc>
<doc id="6919557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919557" title="Dixie Highway-Hastings, Espanola and Bunnell Road">
Dixie Highway-Hastings, Espanola and Bunnell Road



</doc>
<doc id="6919560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919560" title="Julius rebek">
Julius rebek



</doc>
<doc id="6919562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919562" title="Zapodia">
Zapodia



</doc>
<doc id="6919568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919568" title="Zavoiu">
Zavoiu



</doc>
<doc id="6919569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919569" title="Mercantile Bank Building">
Mercantile Bank Building

Mercantile Bank Building or Mercantile National Bank Building may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6919571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919571" title="Lumbocostal arches">
Lumbocostal arches



</doc>
<doc id="6919580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919580" title="List of places in Alaska (V)">
List of places in Alaska (V)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6919581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919581" title="Windmill Hill">
Windmill Hill

Windmill Hill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6919584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919584" title="Bube language">
Bube language

The Bube language or Bubi, Bohobé, Bube–Benga or Fernandian (Bobe) is a Bantu language spoken predominately by the Bubi, a Bantu people native to, and once the primary inhabitants of Bioko Island in Equatorial Guinea. The language was brought to Bioko from continental Africa more than three thousand years ago when the Bubi began settling on the island.
It has around 50,000 speakers, with three variants: North, South and Central-East. It is noted for its tonal character and the divergence of words by gender. The language is also spoken by the Bubi native to Gabon and Cameroon.
The Bube language is divided into six different dialects that vary in the northern and southern regions of Bioko Island. For example, in the North, people speak "Rebola" and its variations: "Basile", "Banapa" and "Basupa". However, in the North-East, "Bakake" is spoken.
Bube is also spoken in a small area on the mainland closest to the island, where speakers are shifting to Wumboko. This has been reported as "Bube", "Bubia" or "Wovea" (see Wovea people).
The first works on the Bube language were those of the Baptist missionary John Clarke, published in 1846 and 1848. A later Bube-to-English primer was authored in 1875 by William Barleycorn, a colonial era Primitive Methodist missionary of Igbo and Fernandino descent, while he was serving in the Bubi village of Basupu. An official language dictionary and grammar guide was published by the ethnic Bubi scholar Justo Bolekia Boleká.
Other names.
Other names and forms of the name include Bubé, eVoové, eBubée, Bhubhi, Bubi, Ibubi, Ibhubhi, Pove and Eviia.
Phonology.
Vowels.
Bube has 7 vowels that can be either short or long:
The nasal vowels are allophones of respective oral vowels.
Consonants.
Bube has 29 consonants. Some of them are prenasalized:
Numbers.
The numbers one through ten in Bube are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="6919586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919586" title="Lake Ilopango">
Lake Ilopango

Lake Ilopango is a crater lake which fills an 8 by 11 km: volcanic caldera in central El Salvador, on the borders of the San Salvador, La Paz, and Cuscatlán departments. The caldera, which contains the second largest lake in the country and is immediately east of the capital city, San Salvador, has a scalloped to high rim. Any surplus drains via the Jiboa River to the Pacific Ocean. The local military airbase, Ilopango International Airport, has annual airshows where international pilots from all over the world fly over San Salvador City and Ilopango lake.
Eruptive history.
Four major dacitic–rhyolitic eruptions occurred during the late Pleistocene and Holocene, producing pyroclastic flows and tephra that blanketed much of the country.
The caldera collapsed most recently sometime between 410 and 535 CE (based on radiocarbon dating of plant life directly related to the eruption), which produced widespread pyroclastic flows and devastated Mayan cities; however, a team of scientists concluded that the volcanic eruption might have happened in , based on volcanic shards taken from ice cores in Greenland, levels of sulphur recorded in ice cores from Antarctica, and radiocarbon dating of a charred tree found in volcanic ash deposits. The eruption is estimated to have produced around of ejecta (DRE—several times more than the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens), which puts it at a rating of 6 on the Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) and makes it one of the biggest volcanic events on Earth in the last 7,000 years. Fallout from the eruption column blanketed an area of at least with pumice and ash to a depth of at least , and an area of nearly to a depth of at least , which would have stopped all agricultural production in the most-severely affected area for decades. It is also theorized that the eruption and subsequent weather events and agricultural failures directly led to the abandonment of Teotihuacan by the original inhabitants.
It was hypothesized that this eruption caused the extreme weather events of 535–536 in Europe and Asia, but this is unlikely given the research published in 2020 that dates the eruption to 431 CE. 
Later eruptions formed several lava domes within the lake and near its shore. The only historical eruption, which occurred from December 31, 1879, up to March 26, 1880, produced a lava dome and had a VEI of 3. The lava dome reached the surface of the lake, forming the islets known as Islas Quemadas.
Events.
On July 5, 2004 the illusionist, Francis Fanci was tagged and submerged inside a trunk from which he emerged after thirty seconds. On the other hand, in 2004 Matthew Hatfield Knight, eldest son of the owner of the international consortium of Nike sports shoes, died of a heart attack while diving with his colleagues. 
Scuba diving.
Ilopango Lake is also known for its exceptional scuba diving opportunities. One of the standout spots is "Cerros Quemados", where divers can explore depths reaching up to . This unique location features an underwater 'sand beach'. 

</doc>
<doc id="6919588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919588" title="List of places in Alaska (W)">
List of places in Alaska (W)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6919594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919594" title="Lago Ilopango">
Lago Ilopango



</doc>
<doc id="6919595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919595" title="Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss">
Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss

Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss is a 1998 American independent romantic comedy film written and directed by Tommy O'Haver and starring Sean P. Hayes, Brad Rowe, and Meredith Scott Lynn. The film was a breakthrough performance for Hayes, who would go on to gain worldwide fame for his portraying Jack McFarland on the hit television series "Will &amp; Grace".
Plot.
Midwest native Billy Collier is an aspiring photographer in Los Angeles, who has had little artistic success and much romantic frustration. While out for coffee with his roommate named Georgiana, he comes up with the idea of recreating iconic screen kisses from Hollywood movies. That night at a party, Billy's friend Perry agrees to finance the project. Later, Billy serendipitously runs into their coffee waiter Gabriel, whom he recruits to model.
Billy becomes infatuated with Gabriel, but cannot figure out if Gabriel is straight. Gabriel claims he has a girlfriend in San Francisco, but sends ambiguous signals. At Perry's invitation, the two attend an exhibit by photographer Rex Webster, who tries to poach Gabriel as a model (and potential trick). Webster offers to take Gabriel to Catalina Island for an underwear ad shoot, sparking Billy's jealousy. Back at Gabriel's place, Billy and Gabriel seem to be getting closer but their rapport is interrupted by a phone call from Gabriel's girlfriend Natalie.
Billy shoots his first setup with Gabriel, a recreation of Burt Lancaster and Deborah Kerr's kiss on the beach in "From Here to Eternity". Following the shoot, Gabriel tells Billy that his relationship with Natalie is over. Billy mentions the Kinsey scale, on which Billy describes himself as a "perfect six," but Gabriel admits he does not know where on the scale he falls. Back at Billy's apartment, they continue to talk and drink and Gabriel asks if he can spend the night on the couch. Billy suggests that Gabriel sleep in his bed (ostensibly because of Gabriel's height), to which Gabriel eventually agrees. When the two are in bed, Billy makes tentative overtures, to which Gabriel seems to respond initially; however, Gabriel suddenly pulls away, after which Billy apologizes and gets up to sleep on the couch.
Gabriel gets the underwear modeling job and goes to Catalina. Billy follows after him to Catalina with Georgiana, who is on the rebound from a tumultuous relationship with her boyfriend Andrew. On the island, she hooks up with drug-addled island resident "Gundy". Billy crashes Rex Webster's underwear shoot looking for Gabriel, but does not find him. He eventually tracks him down later that night at Rex's party, and they talk on the beach.
Billy relates to Gabriel how confused he was when he came out, saying, "I swore to myself that if I could ever be there for somebody, I would, so that that person wouldn't have to go through all the shit I went through. What I'm trying to say is, if you're having problems figuring out where you stand, even if you're not sure of what you're supposed to want-" Abruptly, however, before Billy can finish, one of Gabriel's fellow male models walks up to them. Billy instantly realizes that the two of them are in some kind of relationship with each other, and though Gabriel tries to soften the blow, a humiliated and hurt Billy rebuffs him, going as far as making accusations that Gabriel used him to advance his modeling career before storming off. Perry later consoles Billy by telling him that he, too, had fallen for someone who did not return his affections; he confesses that man to be Billy. The next morning, Georgiana has ditched Gundy, and both she and Billy head back home.
The movie ends a few months later with the opening of Billy's "Hollywood Screen Kiss" series exhibition in Los Angeles, which includes his photos of Gabriel. The exhibit appears to be very successful, and Billy receives many congratulations from various visitors. Perry shows Billy a magazine with an underwear ad featuring Gabriel and suggests that Billy give him a call, but he decides against it. Towards the end of the night, Billy meets a handsome young man, Joshua, who enthusiastically admires Billy's work. It is suggested that along with his newfound artistic success, Billy may at last find romantic fulfillment as well.
Production.
The film is a remake of writer and director O'Haver's earlier short film "Catalina".
The film is punctuated with Billy's fantasy sequences of himself and Gabriel in pastiches of romantic film scenes, including the aforementioned "From Here to Eternity" and the films of Fred Astaire. Billy carries a Polaroid camera with him everywhere, and his reminiscences are illustrated with Polaroid photographs. The film in fact opens with such a monologue, with Billy relying on a series of Polaroids while relating how he grew up gay "in a small town in Indiana, where there's plenty of corn, fast cars, and straights. Lots and lots of straights. I mean, "a lot."" Billy's opening narrative demonstrates his awareness that he is in a film and breaking the fourth wall.
Several scenes in the movie are backed up by classic songs of bygone times sung by notable and lesser known divas; these are lip-synced by more or less the same troupe of drag queens, a running gag throughout the film.
Reception.
On the film review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 78% based on 23 reviews, with an average rating of 6.7/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "Insubstantial yet charming, "Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss" tells a love story that's as rooted in classic Hollywood as it is in timely themes".
Home media.
"Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss" was released on Region 1 DVD on December 22, 1998.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack was released on compact disc on August 11, 1998. The track listing is as follows:
The film's original score was composed by Alan Ari Lazar.

</doc>
<doc id="6919600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919600" title="Lago de Ilopango">
Lago de Ilopango



</doc>
<doc id="6919607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919607" title="Ilopango (volcano)">
Ilopango (volcano)



</doc>
<doc id="6919614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919614" title="Chronic lyme disease">
Chronic lyme disease



</doc>
<doc id="6919618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919618" title="List of places in Alaska (Y)">
List of places in Alaska (Y)

This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="6919637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919637" title="Windmill Hill, Wiltshire">
Windmill Hill, Wiltshire



</doc>
<doc id="6919644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919644" title="South Caucasus Pipeline">
South Caucasus Pipeline

The South Caucasus Pipeline (also known as Baku–Tbilisi–Erzurum Pipeline, BTE pipeline, or Shah Deniz Pipeline) is a natural gas pipeline from the Shah Deniz gas field in the Azerbaijan sector of the Caspian Sea to Turkey. It runs parallel to the Baku–Tbilisi–Ceyhan oil pipeline.
History.
On 21 May 2006, the commissioning gas was pumped to the pipeline from the Sangachal Terminal. First deliveries through the pipeline commenced on 30 September 2006. Deliveries of gas from Shah Deniz gas field started on 15 December 2006.
On 12 August 2008, the pipeline operator BP briefly closed the pipeline for safety reasons because of the South Ossetia conflict, resuming supply two days later.
Description.
The diameter gas pipeline runs through the same corridor as the Baku–Tbilisi–Ceyhan pipeline until Erzurum, where BTC turns south to the Mediterranean. It is long, of which is in Azerbaijan and in Georgia. The initial capacity of the pipeline was of gas per year. For the second stage of the Shah Deniz development, the capacity was increased up to by adding additional looping and two new compressor stations, costing $3 billion. As the pipeline has the potential to be connected to Turkmen and Kazakh producers through the planned Trans-Caspian Gas Pipeline, Azerbaijan has proposed expanding its capacity up to by building a second line of the pipeline.
Economic impact.
The first aim of the pipeline is to supply Turkey and Georgia. As a transit country, Georgia has rights to take 5% of the annual gas flow through the pipeline in lieu of a tariff and can purchase a further of gas a year at a discounted price. It supplies Europe with Caspian natural gas through the Southern Gas Corridor pipelines, through the Trans Adriatic Pipeline and Trans-Anatolian gas pipeline.
Project company.
The pipeline is owned by the South Caucasus Pipeline Company, a consortium led by BP. As of 2022, the shareholders of the consortium are:
The technical operator of the pipeline is BP and the commercial operator was Statoil. According to the PSA agreement, the commercial operatorship of the SCP was transferred to SOCAR starting on 1 January 2015.
South Caucasus Pipeline expansion (SCPx).
As a part of the Shah Deniz Full Field Development (FFD), otherwise called the Shahdeniz-2 project, BP will expand the pipeline through capacity extension by putting two additional compressor stations in Georgia and Turkey. This will almost triple the current transportation capacity of the pipeline up to 20 bcm/year. 
This capacity increase would be able to accommodate an additional 16 bcm gas coming from the SD-2 project.
The SCPX follows the line of the earlier BTC and SCP pipelines across Azerbaijan. The project included an archaeological programme and supplemented the discoveries of the earlier two projects.

</doc>
<doc id="6919645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919645" title="The hegira">
The hegira



</doc>
<doc id="6919649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919649" title="Pulse Technology">
Pulse Technology



</doc>
<doc id="6919651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919651" title="Girly Girl">
Girly Girl



</doc>
<doc id="6919669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919669" title="Heidi-Elke Gaugel">
Heidi-Elke Gaugel

Heidi-Elke Gaugel (born 11 July 1959 in Schönaich) is a retired female German athlete who specialized in the 400 m.
Biography.
Gaugel competed for West Germany at the 1984 Summer Olympics, held in Los Angeles, United States, where she won the bronze medal with her team mates Heike Schulte-Mattler, Ute Thimm and Gaby Bußmann in the women's 4 × 400 m relay event.
She married the middle-distance runner Harald Hudak. During the time she resided in Japan with her husband, she worked for NHK Radio 2's German radio course as a teacher. She represented the club VfL Sindelfingen.

</doc>
<doc id="6919673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919673" title="Chief bandit">
Chief bandit



</doc>
<doc id="6919675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919675" title="Balsas District">
Balsas District

Balsas (Spanish for Rafts) is a district of the province of Chachapoyas, Peru. The District of Balsas was created in epoch of the independence, between 1821 and 1824.
The district capital is Balsas. The district covers an area of 357.09 km2, and is located at an altitude of 854 above sea level.
Major festivals in the area are the carnivals in February, Guadalupe's Virgin on October 9, and Master of the Miracles on October 28.
His most out-standing tourist attractions are: the Vales of the River Cashew, archaeological ruins of Balsas, Gollón and Pircapunta, which are also declared as a cultural heritage of the nation.
The name was given because near there existed a wooden bridge made from rafts that the Inca Wayna Capac ordered to build for the advance of his troops in order to pacify the rebellious Chachapoya Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="6919687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919687" title="Aideen O'Kelly">
Aideen O'Kelly

Aideen O'Kelly (5 September 1936 – 22 April 2015) was an Irish actress of stage and television, who worked in both Ireland and the United States. She was nominated for a Drama Desk Award for her performance in "Othello" in 1982.
Early life.
Aideen O'Kelly was from Dalkey, a suburb of Dublin. Her father was Dermod O'Kelly, an accountant. Her mother, Florence Ledwidge, worked for the Dublin Gas Company. Her sister Emer O'Kelly became a theatre critic.
Career.
Irish theatre.
O'Kelly was sent by director Ernest Blyth to the Aran Islands as a teenaged actress, to improve her spoken Irish for performing at the Abbey Theatre. She went on to star in productions at the Abbey, including "The Plough and the Stars" (1966), "The Playboy of the Western World" (1968). In 1984 she played the Mother Superior in a Dublin production of "Agnes of God." She was also in a production of "The Plough and the Stars" in London in the 1990s, directed by her Abbey colleague Joe Dowling. She wrote about meeting with Samuel Beckett in a 1990 article for "Backstage".
In the United States.
O'Kelly appeared on Broadway in "A Life" (1980-1981), as Emilia in "Othello" (1982, with James Earl Jones and Christopher Plummer), in "Philadelphia Here I Come!" (1994, with Milo O'Shea), and in "The Beauty Queen of Leenane" (1998-1999). She won a 1982 Drama Desk Award for her Emilia in "Othello." She also appeared in numerous Irish Repertory Theatre productions in New York. She appeared off-Broadway on several occasions, including in Frank McGuinness's "Baglady", Samuel Beckett's "Happy Days" (1987), Stephen Jeffreys' "The Libertine" (1998), and Joseph O'Connor's "Red Roses and Petrol" (2000).
Mel Gussow, "The New York Times" critic, said of O'Kelly in "Happy Days" that: "Aideen O'Kelly conforms more than many of her predecessors to the physical outline suggested by the author: blond, plump and bosomy. At the outset, the actress has an amiable, almost chipper quality as she goes through Winnie's ritual ablutions and her marital memories." Broadway caricaturist Al Hirschfeld drew O'Kelly three times, in her roles in "A Life," "Othello" and "Happy Days."
Film and television.
In Ireland, O'Kelly won a Jacob's Award for best actress in 1970, for a television role. She appeared on American television in episodes of "Third Watch" and "Law &amp; Order", both filmed in New York City, and the soap opera "Another World." She also had roles in the televised versions of the plays "A Life" (1984) and "Playboy of the Western World" (1983). Film roles for O'Kelly included parts in "Boyd's Shop" (1960), "Family Business" (1989), and "A Perfect Murder" (1998).
O'Kelly appears as herself in "Still Dreaming" (2014), a documentary about the Lillian Booth Actors Home.
Personal life.
Aideen O'Kelly married Eoin Troy; they later divorced. She had four children, Judith, Orla, Kevin and David. She moved to the United States in 1979, and there converted to Judaism. She died in 2015, aged 78 years, at the Lillian Booth Actors Home in Englewood, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="6919697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919697" title="Bubi Tribe">
Bubi Tribe



</doc>
<doc id="6919699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919699" title="USA Department of Justice">
USA Department of Justice



</doc>
<doc id="6919703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919703" title="Carefree (football)">
Carefree (football)



</doc>
<doc id="6919707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919707" title="Bubi People">
Bubi People



</doc>
<doc id="6919709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919709" title="TEMVP">
TEMVP



</doc>
<doc id="6919721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919721" title="List of municipalities of the Metropolitan City of Bari">
List of municipalities of the Metropolitan City of Bari

A list of the 41 municipalities ("comuni") of the Metropolitan City of Bari, Apulia, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6919732" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919732" title="Jacob's Dream">
Jacob's Dream

Jacob's Dream () is a 1639 oil-on-canvas painting by the Spanish Tenebrist painter José de Ribera ("Lo Spagnoletto").
Description.
It measures and is in the Museo del Prado in Madrid.
Analysis.
Jacob appears as a shepherd sleeping, resting on his left shoulder with a tree behind him. In the background on the other side is the ladder that he sees in his dream. It is not a wooden ladder but a ladder of light, by which angels are ascending and descending.

</doc>
<doc id="6919733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919733" title="Ute Thimm">
Ute Thimm

Ute Thimm, née Finger (born 10 July 1958 in Bochum) is a German athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres.
She competed for West Germany in the 1984 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles, United States in the 4 × 400 metres where she won the bronze medal with her teammates Heike Schulte-Mattler, Heide-Elke Gaugel and Gaby Bußmann. She was the second runner. Time over-all: 3'22"98.
In the same Olympic Games she finished sixth in the 400 metres competition. As last runner with her teammates Edith Oker, Michaela Schabinger and Heidi-Elke Gaugel she finished on the fifth place in the 4 × 100 metres.
She won another medal at the 1986 European Championships in Athletics: The Silver Medal right behind the team of East Germany with her teammates Gisela Kinzel, Heidi-Elke Gaugel and Gaby Bußmann in the 4 × 400 meters competition, also as second runner, time: 3'22"80. She also finished fifth in the 400 metres.
With the German 4 × 400-metres-relay she finished fourth in the Finals of the 1988 Summer Olympics in 3'22"49 with her colleagues Helga Arendt, Andrea Thomas and Gudrun Abt.
She also participated in the 1982 European Championships in Athletics, the 1983 World Championships in Athletics and 1987 World Championships in Athletics but did not win any medals.
First she was a member of ASV Köln, then from 1986 on she belonged to TV Wattenscheid. She is 1,67 metres tall (5 feet and 6 inches) and weighed in her active time.

</doc>
<doc id="6919750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919750" title="Zoran Živković (handballer)">
Zoran Živković (handballer)

Zoran "Tuta" Živković (; born 5 April 1945) is a Serbian former handball coach and player.
Club career.
Živković started playing handball at his hometown club Železničar Niš, before moving to Crvenka. He would help them win the national championship in 1969. Later on, Živković played for and served as head coach of FAP. He also spent two seasons with Metaloplastika, before moving abroad to Germany.
International career.
At international level, Živković competed for Yugoslavia at the 1972 Summer Olympics, winning the gold medal.
Coaching career.
In his second tenure as head coach of FR Yugoslavia, Živković led the team to a third-place finish at the 1999 World Championship. He left his role in December 1999 and took charge of Egypt the same month. After placing seventh in the 2000 Summer Olympics, Živković reached the semi-finals at the 2001 World Championship, losing in the bronze medal match to FR Yugoslavia.
In November 2001, Živković became head coach of FR Yugoslavia for the third time. He led the team at the 2002 European Championship, finishing in a disappointing 10th place. In July 2002, Živković stepped down from his position.
In February 2005, Živković was appointed as head coach by Macedonia for the nation's Euro 2006 qualifiers in June. He would take charge at Macedonian club Vardar during the summer, but left for personal reasons in October of the same year.
In September 2008, Živković was appointed as head coach for Tunisia ahead of the 2009 World Championship. He was dismissed from his position after placing 17th in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="6919762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919762" title="Of Wars In Osyrhia">
Of Wars In Osyrhia



</doc>
<doc id="6919767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919767" title="Night Lord">
Night Lord



</doc>
<doc id="6919774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919774" title="Dekho Na">
Dekho Na



</doc>
<doc id="6919775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919775" title="Fat Cat (Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers)">
Fat Cat (Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers)



</doc>
<doc id="6919781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919781" title="Zipper (Disney)">
Zipper (Disney)



</doc>
<doc id="6919794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919794" title="Wallace L. Lind">
Wallace L. Lind



</doc>
<doc id="6919798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919798" title="Msea">
Msea



</doc>
<doc id="6919800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919800" title="Semington Locks">
Semington Locks

The Semington Locks () are situated at Semington, Wiltshire on the Kennet and Avon Canal, England.
They have a combined rise/fall of 16 feet 1 inch (4.9 m).
The two locks at Semington are known as Buckley's (No.15) and Barrett's (No.16).
Adjacent to the locks is the point at which the former Wilts and Berks Canal joined the Kennet and Avon.
Close by, the Grade II listed Semington Aqueduct carries the canal over the Semington Brook. East of the locks, the canal crosses the New Semington Aqueduct, built in 2004 to bridge the newly constructed Semington village bypass (A350 road).

</doc>
<doc id="6919802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919802" title="MapleSEA">
MapleSEA



</doc>
<doc id="6919806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919806" title="Wallace Ludwig Lind">
Wallace Ludwig Lind



</doc>
<doc id="6919813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919813" title="Wallace Lind">
Wallace Lind



</doc>
<doc id="6919818" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919818" title="Celendín">
Celendín

Celendín is an Andean town in northern Peru, capital of the province of Celendín, in the department of Cajamarca. It is on the road between the city of Cajamarca and the city of Chachapoyas.
History.
The history of the city of Celendín begins in the Colonial era, when it was founded and inhabited by Spanish families.
After the Conquest, the Spanish Crown granted land to its citizens, some of whom came to Celendin. They were joined, in the 18th century, by Portuguese and converted Jewish settlers, who had first arrived in northern Brazil. They began by renting a Hacienda called 'La Pura y Limpia Concepcion de Zelendin'. They then managed to raise the 14,010 pesos necessary to buy the property.
This event inspired the town's inhabitants to elect their first authorities: Lieutenant-Colonel of the Portuguese Dragon Army, Don Raymundo da Pereyra was elected in the first vote; and Captain Juan de Burga was elected in the second vote; Lieutenants Pereyra, Segarra, Texada, Fronton, and Dias y Araujo were elected aldermen.
During the last decade of the 18th century and beginning of the nineteenth century, families of Basque origin arrived in 'Zelendin'. Then, as time went on, a few Chinese families came to live, along with migrants from other parts of Peru.
During the first week of July 2012, four citizens protesting a mining project were killed by police forces under orders of the government, led at the time by Ollanta Humala.
Attractions.
The main plaza is dominated by the blue, 19th-Century "Church of the Holy Virgin of Carmen."
Celendin has a Sunday market, which is particularly known for its straw hats, typical of the region.
A modern "Christ the Redeemer" statue overlooks the town. It is a short walk from the town center and affords good views of Celendin and the surrounding countryside.

</doc>
<doc id="6919820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919820" title="Crus of diaphragm">
Crus of diaphragm

The crus of diaphragm (: crura), refers to one of two tendinous structures that extends below the diaphragm to the vertebral column. There is a right crus and a left crus, which together form a tether for muscular contraction. They take their name from their leg-shaped appearance – "crus" meaning "leg" in Latin.
Structure.
The crura originate from the front of the bodies and intervertebral fibrocartilage of the lumbar vertebrae. They are tendinous and blend with the anterior longitudinal ligament of the vertebral column.
The medial tendinous margins of the crura pass anteriorly and medialward, and meet in the middle line to form an arch across the front of the aorta known as the median arcuate ligament; this arch is often poorly defined. The area behind this arch is known as the aortic hiatus.
From this series of origins the fibers of the diaphragm converge to be inserted into the central tendon.
The fibers arising from the xiphoid process are very short, and occasionally aponeurotic; those from the medial and lateral lumbocostal arches, and more especially those from the ribs and their cartilages, are longer, and describe marked curves as they ascend and converge to their insertion. The fibers of the crura diverge as they ascend, the most lateral being directed upward and lateralward to the central tendon.
The medial fibers of the right crus ascend on the left side of the esophageal hiatus, and occasionally a fasciculus of the left crus crosses the aorta and runs obliquely through the fibers of the right crus toward the vena caval foramen.

</doc>
<doc id="6919824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919824" title="Crura">
Crura



</doc>
<doc id="6919827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919827" title="MapleEurope">
MapleEurope



</doc>
<doc id="6919828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919828" title="Right crus">
Right crus



</doc>
<doc id="6919830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919830" title="Left crus">
Left crus



</doc>
<doc id="6919831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919831" title="MapleBeta">
MapleBeta



</doc>
<doc id="6919833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919833" title="Stairway To Fairyland">
Stairway To Fairyland



</doc>
<doc id="6919835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919835" title="Isla el Tigre">
Isla el Tigre



</doc>
<doc id="6919836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919836" title="Pigeon Lake (Alberta)">
Pigeon Lake (Alberta)

Pigeon Lake is a lake in central Alberta, Canada that straddles the boundary between Leduc County and the County of Wetaskiwin No. 10. It is located close to Edmonton, Leduc and Wetaskiwin. Communities along the lakeshore include Pigeon Lake Indian Reserve 138A, ten summer villages (Argentia Beach, Crystal Springs, Golden Days, Grandview, Itaska Beach, Ma-Me-O Beach, Norris Beach, Poplar Bay, Silver Beach and Sundance Beach), and four unincorporated communities (Fisher Home, Mission Beach, Mulhurst Bay and Village at Pigeon Lake).
The lake has a total area of and a maximum depth of . It has a catchment area of , and is an early tributary of the Battle River, to which it is connected through the Pigeon Lake Creek.
Pigeon Lake was previously called "Woodpecker Lake". The name was changed to Pigeon Lake in 1858. In 1896, Pigeon Lake Indian Reserve was established on the southeast shore. Later, the summer village of Ma-Me-O Beach was developed at the south end of the lake on land obtained from the Indian reserve in 1924. Ma-Me-O (omîmîw) is a Cree word meaning "pigeon".
Conservation.
The Pigeon Lake Provincial Park is established on the western shore of the lake and is accessed from Highway 771. The Pigeon Lake Watershed Association promotes protection of the lake and beneficial management practices in its watershed.
Development.
Pigeon Lake is one of the most intensely used recreational areas in Alberta, with 10 summer villages, 4 unincorporated communities, and over 2,300 private cottages along its shores. The summer villages include Argentia Beach, Crystal Springs, Golden Days, Grandview, Itaska Beach, Ma-Me-O Beach, Norris Beach, Poplar Bay, Silver Beach and Sundance Beach. The unincorporated communities include Fisher Home, Mission Beach, Mulhurst Bay and Village at Pigeon Lake. A fifth unincorporated community, Westerose, is located to the south of the lake on Highway 13.
Transportation.
The lake and its communities are accessed along Highway 13 on the south side, Highway 771 on the west side, Highway 616 on the north side, and Highway 780 on the east side.
Management.
Concerns over frequency and intensity of cyanobacterial blooms has prompted study of the lake and its watershed. Water sampling was undertaken to characterize water quality, sediment quality, and non-fish biota. This data was then used to create a nutrient budget for lake and to undertake a model to explore future management options.
The watershed community is working to address the sources of external nutrients entering the lake, collaboratively led by the Pigeon Lake Watershed Association and the Alliance of Pigeon Lake Municipalities. Outputs to date include a model land use bylaw for development and redevelopment of land within of the shoreline, healthy lake lawn maintenance and work on runoff, which is the source of nearly half of the lake's external nutrients.

</doc>
<doc id="6919842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919842" title="List of municipalities of the Province of Brindisi">
List of municipalities of the Province of Brindisi

The following is a list of the 20 municipalities ("comuni") of the Province of Brindisi, Apulia, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6919844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919844" title="Crus (lower leg)">
Crus (lower leg)



</doc>
<doc id="6919845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919845" title="Mary Peters">
Mary Peters

Mary Peters may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6919854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919854" title="List of shipwrecks in 2004">
List of shipwrecks in 2004

The list of shipwrecks in 2004 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="6919861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919861" title="Pyroclastic cones">
Pyroclastic cones



</doc>
<doc id="6919862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919862" title="Natalya Sokolova (sprinter)">
Natalya Sokolova (sprinter)

Natalya Dmitriyevna Sokolova (; née , "Kulichkova;" born 6 October 1949 in Moscow) is a Soviet athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres.
Sokolova trained at Dynamo in Moscow. She competed for the USSR in the 1976 Summer Olympics held in Montreal, Canada in the 4 x 400 metres where she won the bronze medal with her teammates Inta Kļimoviča, Lyudmila Aksyonova and Nadezhda Ilyina.

</doc>
<doc id="6919877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919877" title="Nadezhda Ilyina">
Nadezhda Ilyina

Nadezhda Ilyina (, née , Kolesnikova; 24 January 1949 – 7 December 2013) was a Russian athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres.
Ilyina trained at Dynamo in Moscow. She competed for the Soviet Union in the 1976 Summer Olympics held in Montreal, Canada in the 4 × 400 metres where she won the bronze medal with her teammates Inta Kļimoviča, Lyudmila Aksyonova and Natalya Sokolova. She was the mother of Russian tennis star Nadia Petrova.
Ilyina died in a car accident in December 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="6919883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919883" title="Chilly Willy (wrestler)">
Chilly Willy (wrestler)

William Jones (born September 24, 1969) is an American retired professional wrestler and former United States Army soldier, better known by his ring name Chilly Willy. He is best known for his appearances in Extreme Championship Wrestling from 2000 to 2001.
Professional wrestling career.
Early career (1997-2000).
Competing in toughman contests prior to making his professional wrestling debut in 1997, Jones competed in Matt and Jeff Hardy's OMEGA promotion.
Extreme Championship Wrestling (2000-2001).
Chilly Willy debuted in Extreme Championship Wrestling in early 2000, defeating Scott D'Amore in Toledo, Ohio on February 25, although he later lost matches to The Prodigy and H. C. Loc at ECW on TNN during the next several weeks. After defeating Johnny Swinger on March 24, he began feuding with Swinger over the next few months.
In his first PPV appearance, he defeated Johnny Swinger at Wrestlepalooza 2000 at Family Arena in St. Charles, Missouri on April 16. He would face Swinger in a rematch the following month, defeating him at Hardcore Heaven 2000 at The Rave in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on May 14. During the "Midwest Massacre" tour, he would also score victories over Tony DeVito and E.Z. Money in June.
With Chris Chetti &amp; Nova, Jones beat the F.B.I. (Little Guido, Sal E. Graziano and Tony Mamaluke) at the Century II in Wichita, Kansas on July 1, 2000. Several days later, they defeated the F.B.I. in a rematch on ECW on TNN at the Mid-Hudson Civic Center in Poughkeepsie, New York on July 7. Losing to ECW TV Champion Rhyno on ECW on TNN later that month in Peoria, IL, he teamed with The Sandman to defeat the F.B.I. (Little Guido &amp; Tony Mamaluke) in Huntington, West Virginia on August 4 when Jones pinned Mamaluke. In the following weeks, they also defeated Justin Credible &amp; Rhino several times before losing to them in the opening rounds of a championship tournament for the vacant ECW World Tag Team Championship at the Hammerstein Ballroom in Manhattan, New York on August 25.
Teaming with The Sandman against The Baldies (Tony DeVito &amp; Angel), Jones teamed with Mikey Whipwreck and Balls Mahoney to defeat Johnny Swinger, Simon Diamond and CW Anderson in a 6-man tag team match at the Burt Flickinger Center in Buffalo, New York on September 8. The following night on ECW on TNN, he and Balls Mahoney defeated The Baldies at the Hershey Center in Mississauga, Ontario.
Feuding with The Baldies over the next several weeks, he and Mahoney were defeated by The Baldies in a tag team match at Anarchy Rulz 2000 on October 1 and, with The Sandman and New Jack, defeated Justin Credible and The Baldies on October 12. The following month, he and Mahoney defeated The Baldies in a rematch at November to Remember '00 on November 5 in a Flaming Tables match. During the next two months, he also defeated Tony DeVito and Mike Bell in singles matches. At ECW Guilty As Charged 2001, Balls Mahoney and Chill Willy fought Simon Diamond and Swinger to a no-contest because Rhyno attacked all four wrestlers. This was William's last ECW appearance. After ECW closed, Jones wrestled a couple of dark matches for the World Wrestling Federation in June 2001 and competed in various independent promotions before temporarily leaving wrestling to enlist in the United States Army that same year.
Independent circuit (2004-2009).
In April 2004, Jones returned from Iraq and decided to return to wrestling. In November 2004, he received a developmental contract with World Wrestling Entertainment and was assigned by WWE to Ohio Valley Wrestling. He would be released from his contract on April 12, 2005.
In April 2007, Jones appeared at EAW (Eastern All-Star Wrestling) located out of Eden NC, Jones was the number one contender for the EAW Heavyweight Championship that was currently being held by "Cowboy" Mike Dalton.
He was until recently the Heavyweight Champion for Gimmicks Only Underground Grappling Entertainment. In August 2007, Jones no-showed two back to back GOUGE events, and had the GOUGE Heavyweight Title stripped from him.
Jones has retired from active competition but has transitioned into a trainer for both mixed martial artists and professional wrestlers at ABI'S MMA School in Goldsboro, North Carolina .
Military career.
Jones enlisted in the United States Army shortly after the World Trade Center attacks, and was sent to Iraq in April 2003. Assigned to a special forces unit while serving as an infantryman in Iraq, he was wounded by mortar fire while on a mission and received the Purple Heart and Bronze Star.
Current wrestling involvement.
Jones is currently helping out in the Philippine Wrestling Revolution (PWR) and Art of War Wrestling. He offers training and input behind the scenes.

</doc>
<doc id="6919884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919884" title="Chanda Chamke">
Chanda Chamke



</doc>
<doc id="6919886" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919886" title="Lyudmila Aksyonova">
Lyudmila Aksyonova

Lyudmila Vasilyevna Shapovalova-Aksyonova (; also transliterated Aksenova, born 23 April 1947 in Sevastopol) is a Soviet athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres, training at VSS Avanhard in Kyiv.
She competed for Soviet Union in the 1976 Summer Olympics held in Montreal, Quebec, Canada in the 4 × 400 metres where she won the bronze medal with her teammates Inta Kļimoviča, Natalya Sokolova and Nadezhda Ilyina.

</doc>
<doc id="6919889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919889" title="Alfons Maria Stickler">
Alfons Maria Stickler

Alfons Maria Stickler (23 August 1910 – 12 December 2007) was an Austrian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Archivist and Librarian of the Holy Roman Church from 1985 to 1988. Stickler was elevated to the cardinalate in 1985, and was the oldest member of the College of Cardinals. A traditionalist, he was a strong supporter of the Tridentine Mass and clerical celibacy.
Biography.
Stickler was born in Neunkirchen, near Vienna, as the second of twelve children. He entered the Salesians of Don Bosco in a German novitiate, and made his profession on 15 August 1928. Thereafter, Stickler studied philosophy in Germany and then in Austria, Turin, and Rome. He studied canon law at the Pontifical Athenaeum of S. Apollinare (from where he received his doctorate) and the Pontifical Lateran University, and was ordained to the priesthood on 27 March 1937. (Stickler studied with Stephan Kuttner, who lived to see his first pupil in the history of canon law become a cardinal.)
Stickler taught at the Salesian Pontifical University as Professor of Canon Law and Church Legal History for eight years. From 1958 to 1966 he served as rector of the University, having previously served as Dean of the Canon Law Faculty since 1953. Stickler participated as a "peritus", or expert, at the Second Vatican Council (1962–1965), working as a member on the Commission for the Clergy, the Commission for the Liturgy, and (in his capacity as rector of the Salesian University) the commission directed by the Congregation for Seminaries and Universities. From the close of the council until 1968, Stickler was president of the newly founded "Institutum Altioris Latinitas".
On 8 September 1983, he was appointed Titular Archbishop of "Volsinium", Pro-Librarian of the Holy Roman Church, and Pro-Archivist of the Holy Roman Church. Stickler received his episcopal consecration on the following 1 November from Pope John Paul II himself, with Archbishops Eduardo Martínez Somalo and Rosalio José Castillo Lara serving as co-consecrators, in the Sistine Chapel. He was created Cardinal-Deacon of San Giorgio in Velabro by John Paul II in the consistory of 25 May 1985, becoming full Librarian and Archivist two days later, on 27 May.
Stickler reported that Karol Wojtyła, the future Pope John Paul II had confided to him that during his time as a student at the "Pontificium Athenaeum Internationale Angelicum" (subsequently renamed the Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas and often known simply as the "Angelicum") Wojtyła made a pilgrimage in 1947 to Pietrelcina to visit Padre Pio who told Wojtyła that one day he would ascend to "the highest post in the Church." Stickler added that Wojtyła believed that the prophecy was fulfilled when he became a cardinal.
Stickler served as Librarian and Archivist until his resignation on 1 July 1988. During his tenure he promoted the construction of underground storage for the conservation and consultation of all the codices and printed books of the library. He chose to be raised to the rank of Cardinal-Priest (with the same title) on 29 January 1996, after spending ten years as a Cardinal Deacon.
Upon the death of Johannes Willebrands on 1 August 2006, Stickler became the oldest living cardinal. In 2007, he celebrated the seventieth anniversary of his priestly ordination.
Stickler studied the history of canon law with Stephan Kuttner and published on that subject.
Stickler died on Wednesday, December 12, 2007, at 7.30 pm, in his private apartment at the Vatican City. 
His funeral rite was presided by Pope Benedict XVI, took place on Friday December 14, in the altar of the chair of Saint Peter's Vatican Basilica. 
He was buried in the cemetery of the Salesian community in the catacombs of San Callisto in Rome.
Support for tradition.
Stickler consistently defended the position that the Tridentine Mass was never forbidden or suppressed. He believed that the Mass of Paul VI contradicted the true wishes of the Second Vatican Council, and told the Latin Mass Society of England and Wales that its movement "has full legitimacy in the Church".
On 20 May 1995, Stickler stated that in 1986 a commission of nine cardinals (Stickler, Ratzinger (future Pope Benedict XVI), Mayer, Oddi, Casaroli, Gantin, Innocenti, Palazzini, and Tomko) appointed by Pope John Paul II unanimously gave a negative answer to the question "Did Pope Paul VI or any other competent authority legally forbid the widespread celebration of the Tridentine Mass in the present day?" and to the question "Can any bishop forbid any priest in good standing from celebrating the Tridentine Mass?" He said that eight of the nine were in favour of drawing up a general permission declaring that everyone could choose the old form of the Mass as well as the new.
"The Case for Clerical Celibacy: Its Historical Development and Theological Foundations", written by Stickler, was published in 1995 by Ignatius Press. It treats of the theological reasons and scriptural and magisterial roots of celibacy for Catholic priests.

</doc>
<doc id="6919891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919891" title="Inta Kļimoviča">
Inta Kļimoviča

Inta Kļimoviča (born 14 December 1951) is a Soviet Latvian athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres.
Born Inta Drēviņa, Kļimoviča trained at VSS Varpa in Riga. She competed for the USSR in the 1976 Summer Olympics held in Montreal, Quebec, Canada in the 4 × 400 metres where she won the bronze medal with her teammates Lyudmila Aksyonova, Natalya Sokolova and Nadezhda Ilyina.

</doc>
<doc id="6919897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919897" title="Festa Italiana (disambiguation)">
Festa Italiana (disambiguation)

Festa Italiana may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6919902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919902" title="Law Enforcement and Public Safety Service">
Law Enforcement and Public Safety Service

Law Enforcement and Public Safety Service (Hungarian "Rendészeti Biztonsági Szolgálat") is a part of the Hungarian National Police which is very similar to Western-European "Gendarmerie"-type police forces.
Character.
The abbreviation of the organisation is REBISZ or RBSZ. It is an independent within the framework of the National Police of the Republic of Hungary, subordinated to the Ministry of Justice, formerly to the Ministry of the Interior. It has no connection with the Volunteer Army of Hungary, unlike certain police forces in Europe called "gendarmerie", although its members are trained in a military way, and it must be mentioned that the Hungarian Police itself is organised according to military principles; for example, policemen and detectives have military ranks.
Duties.
The RBSZ is a kind of special police force that supports traditional police forces very often. It was created with the integration of four formerly independent police forces (Mounted Squads of the Budapest Police Department, State Highway Patrol, Riot Police, and Special Messenger Service). Therefore, control of state highways, riot police assignments and messenger assignments between police services belong to the sphere of authority of RBSZ, but its sphere of authority is much wider.
The members of the organisation often patrol together with the members of local police forces, mainly in Budapest, capital city of Hungary. Furthermore, RBSZ-policemen guard the main government buildings and airports. Other than this, the police force has several counter-terrorist squads. The uniform of the RBSZ is often different from that of traditional Hungarian policemen; they are much more soldier-like, therefore they can often be recognised. However, regulation is not so strict, which is why one might see RBSZ-policemen in traditional uniforms; for example wearing baseball hats, in which they are less soldier-like.
It must be mentioned that although RBSZ are the police force in Hungary that is similar to Western-European gendarmeries, there is a special police force in Hungary, the independent Border Guard Service (also subordinated to the Ministry of Justice), that has squads the members of which are trained as soldiers and in case of war they get subordinated to the Army and the Ministry of Defence. That is why many say that Hungarian Border Guard Service is more similar to gendarmerie-type police forces than RBSZ, but it is true only regarding the military duties of Hungarian Border Guards.

</doc>
<doc id="6919904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919904" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Auxerre">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Auxerre

The diocese of Auxerre () is a former French Roman Catholic diocese. Its historical episcopal see was in the city of Auxerre in Burgundy, now part of eastern France. Currently the non-metropolitan Archbishop of Sens, ordinary of the diocese of Sens and Auxerre, resides in Auxerre.
Ecclesiastical history.
The "Gesta pontificum Autissiodorensium", written about 875 by the canons Rainogala and Alagus, and later continued up to 1278, gives a list of bishops of Auxerre. Louis Duchesne regards the list as mostly accurate, but very arbitrary in its dates prior to the 7th century. Auxerre is remarkable among French churches for the number of its bishops who have come to be regarded as saints.
Bishops of the original "Gesta".
Peregrine of Auxerre (Pélérin 'pilgrim') was the founder of the See of Auxerre; according to the legend, he was sent by Pope Sixtus II and was martyred under Emperor Diocletian in 303 or 304.
After Peregrine, the original 870s "Gesta" list:
Later bishops.
On November 29, 1801, the diocese of Auxerre was suppressed. On October 7, 1817, it was restored, but in 1821 it was suppressed again. On June 3, 1823, it was united once more to the diocese of Sens. The newly united diocese soon became an archdiocese, but after many years, in 2006, which in turn lost its Metropolitan status in 2006 and became a suffragan see of the Ecclesiastical Province of the Dijon.
The Cathedral of Auxerre, completed in 1178, contains numerous sculptures in the Byzantine style.

</doc>
<doc id="6919906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919906" title="Benny Culp">
Benny Culp

Benjamin Baldy Culp (January 19, 1914 – October 23, 2000) was an American professional baseball player and coach. A catcher, he appeared in 15 Major League games for the Philadelphia Phillies (–44). He threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Culp is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the Major Leagues during World War II, making his debut on September 17, 1942, in a home game against the Chicago Cubs at Shibe Park. Culp served in the United States Navy during the last two years of the war. He then returned to the MLB Phillies as a coach during the –47 seasons, working under manager Ben Chapman.
His MLB career totals include 15 games played, 5 hits in 26 at bats (.192), a .276 on-base percentage, 2 runs batted in, and 5 runs scored. In the field he handled 25 of 27 total chances successfully for a fielding percentage of .926, well below the league average at the time.
Culp died in his hometown of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, at the age of 86.

</doc>
<doc id="6919916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919916" title="Grand almoner">
Grand almoner



</doc>
<doc id="6919922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919922" title="Zakum">
Zakum



</doc>
<doc id="6919928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919928" title="Mushmom">
Mushmom



</doc>
<doc id="6919931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919931" title="Mushdad">
Mushdad



</doc>
<doc id="6919932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919932" title="Old Brick Road">
Old Brick Road



</doc>
<doc id="6919933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919933" title="Austin Gatt">
Austin Gatt

Agostino Pio "Austin" Gatt (born 29 July 1953) is a former Maltese politician, who served in a number of ministerial posts.
Early life.
Austin Gatt received his education at the Lyceum and the University of Malta. He read Law and graduated as a Doctor of Laws in 1975. He practiced law as a partner with one of the oldest law firms on the island.
Politics.
Gatt joined the Nationalist Party Electoral Office in 1976.
In 1980 the Nationalist Party entrusted Gatt, with building a party organization to eliminate the possibility of electoral fraud in the 1981 general elections’, this problem having been prevalent in the previous General elections. In 1981 elections the Nationalist Party polled 51% of the votes. 
Gatt's contribution to the Nationalist Party continued when he was appointed Chairman of the Management Board of Independence Print Company Limited. The company incorporated all the commercial activities of the Nationalist Party. Gatt was also the head of the Legal Office of the Party, representing the party in a number of constitutional cases. In 1987 he again led the organization of the Party to monitor electoral fraud and eventually became Chairman of the Board of Directors of Independence Company Limited and Euro Tours Company Limited. 
Secretary General of the Nationalist Party.
After the Nationalist Party was elected to Government in 1987, Gatt was elected Secretary General of the Party on 5 February 1988. This meant that Gatt became responsible for the overall organization of the Party and for the implementation of policies approved by the Executive Committee and the Administrative Council of the Party. Gatt spearheaded a complete reorganization of the Party’s political, administrative and commercial structures and was responsible for preparing and ensuring the implementation of all plans for the General Elections of 1992 and 1996.
Shadow Minister for Justice, Local Councils and Housing (1996-1998).
Gatt contested the general elections for the first time in 1996 and was elected from the First District. Between 1996 and 1998 he was Party spokesman for Justice, Local Councils and Housing and was entrusted by the Nationalist Party to set up the Party’s television station.
Minister for Justice and Local Government (1998-2003).
Following the Nationalist Party victory at the General Elections of September 1998, Gatt was appointed Parliamentary Secretary in the Office of the Prime Minister, and six months later, Minister for Justice and Local Government.
Gatt, embarked on various ambitious tasks in all areas within his portfolio. Amongst these there are the creation of an information economy and society in Malta, the introduction of e-Government, a major administrative reform in the law courts, and the transformation of Local Government Authorities.
Minister for IT and Investment (2003-2008).
Gatt was re-elected to Parliament in 2003, from the First District. He was appointed a Minister for IT &amp; Investment, responsible for the creation of the Information Society and Economy, ICT in Government, AirMalta plc, Gozo Channel Co. Ltd, Sea Malta Co. Ltd., Maltacom plc, Malta International Airport plc, Enemalta Corporation, Water Services Corporation, Malta Freeport Corporation, Public Broadcasting Services Limited, Malta Drydocks Corporation and Malta Investment Management Co. Ltd. In March 2004, following a cabinet reshuffle, Dr Gatt was once again entrusted with the portfolio of Minister for Information Technology and Investment with Industry being added to his portfolio in 2004 after the resignation of John Dalli from Cabinet. 
Minister for Infrastructure, Communications and Transport (2008-2013).
After the March 2008 general election, Gatt was appointed Minister for Communications and National Projects with responsibility for IT, the Water Services Corporation and Enemalta, Malta Shipyards and the roads on March 12, 2008.On 14 April 2008, the government announced that the name of the Ministry for Communications and National Projects was changed to the Ministry for Infrastructure, Transport and Communications (MITC). Following the Cabinet mini-reshuffle on 9 February 2010, Water Services Corporation and Enemalta portfolios were withdrawn from the Ministry and given to the Ministry of Finance, the Economy and Investment.

</doc>
<doc id="6919936" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919936" title="Van Biesbroeck 8b">
Van Biesbroeck 8b



</doc>
<doc id="6919938" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919938" title="Taburete">
Taburete

Taburete is a stratovolcano in central El Salvador, rising above the coastal plain between the San Vicente and San Miguel volcanoes, and just west of Usulután volcano. It is topped by a well-preserved, deep summit crater, with the true summit on the south side of the crater rim.

</doc>
<doc id="6919941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919941" title="Van Horn">
Van Horn

Van Horn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6919951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919951" title="Van Tassell">
Van Tassell

Van Tassell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6919959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919959" title="Hungarian urheimat">
Hungarian urheimat



</doc>
<doc id="6919966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919966" title="Mixter">
Mixter

Mixter is a computer security specialist. Mixter first made the transition out of the computer underground into large-scale public awareness, in 2000, at which time newspapers and magazines worldwide mentioned a link to massively destructive and effective distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks which crippled and shut down major websites (including Yahoo!, Buy.com, eBay, Amazon, E-Trade, MSN.com, Dell, ZDNet and CNN). Early reports stated that the FBI-led National Infrastructure Protection Center (NIPC) was questioning Mixter regarding a tool called "Stacheldraht" (Barbed Wire). Although Mixter himself was not a suspect, his tool, the Tribe Flood Network (TFN) and an update called TFN2K were ultimately discovered as being the ones used in the attacks, causing an estimated $1.7 billion USD in damages.
In 2002 Mixter returned to the public eye, as the author of Hacktivismo's Six/Four System. The Six/Four System is a censorship resistant network proxy. It works by using "trusted peers" to relay network connections over SSL encrypted links. As an example, the distribution includes a program which will act as a web proxy, but all of the connections will be hidden until they reach the far end trusted peer.

</doc>
<doc id="6919968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919968" title="List of municipalities of the Province of Foggia">
List of municipalities of the Province of Foggia

The following is a list of the 61 municipalities ("comuni") of the Province of Foggia, Apulia, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6919978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919978" title="Volcán Taburete">
Volcán Taburete



</doc>
<doc id="6919980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919980" title="Francis Ireland">
Francis Ireland



</doc>
<doc id="6919990" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919990" title="Aqua Road">
Aqua Road



</doc>
<doc id="6919996" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6919996" title="Ant Tunnel">
Ant Tunnel



</doc>
<doc id="6920000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920000" title="River Bosna">
River Bosna



</doc>
<doc id="6920006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920006" title="Van Meter">
Van Meter

Van Meter, VanMeter, Van Metre, Van Mater and Van Matre are American surnames derived from the Dutch surname Van Meteren. Most are descendants of Jan Joosten van Meteren (1626–1704) who in 1662 settled in Wiltwijck, New Netherlands, now Kingston, New York. The surname is a toponym, meaning "from Meteren" in Gelderland, the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="6920009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920009" title="Jamie Taras">
Jamie Taras

Jamie Taras (born January 31, 1966) is a Canadian former professional football player for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He is currently the director of community relations with the BC Lions. Taras spent his entire 16-year career with the Lions as a fullback and offensive lineman, and played on two Grey Cup championship teams with the club.
Taras played Canadian college football at the University of Western Ontario. In 2003, Taras was voted a member of the B.C. Lions All-Time Dream Team as part of the club's 50th anniversary celebration. Taras' number 60 jersey is one of eleven numbers retired by the B.C. Lions.
Early life and college.
From 1979 to 1983, Taras played high school football at Bishop MacDonell High School in Guelph, Ontario. From 1983 to 1986, he played Canadian college football at the University of Western Ontario. Taras was an offensive guard for the Mustangs.
Professional career.
Following his graduation from the University of Western Ontario, Taras was drafted by the B.C. Lions in the third round of the 1987 CFL Draft as a guard. Taras initially played fullback for the Lions for four years, but achieved the greatest success of his playing career as an offensive guard, and later, center.
In 1994, Taras was a part of the Lions' 11-6-1 season that culminated in a Grey Cup matchup with the Baltimore Stallions. The Lions ultimately prevailed, 26–23. The following season, 1995, Taras, playing guard, was named a CFL All-Star for the first time. Taras would be named a CFL All-Star a second time, in 1999, for his play at center. Taras twice won the DeMarco-Becket Memorial Trophy as the CFL Western Division's Most Outstanding Lineman, in 1995 and 1999. In 1999, Taras was also awarded the Dr. Beattie Martin Trophy as the Most Outstanding Canadian in the CFL Western Division, and the Tom Pate Memorial Award, for his outstanding sportsmanship and service to the community.
In 2000, Taras was a member of the Lion's fourth Grey Cup championship team. The Lions defeated the Montreal Alouettes 28–26, with Taras snapping the ball to then-Lions quarterback, Damon Allen.
Taras retired from the Lions in 2003, and was voted a member of the B.C. Lions All-Time Dream Team, at the guard position, as part of the club's 50 year anniversary celebration. Taras #60 was also retired by the Lions, but curiously, his jersey number was worn during the 2006 CFL season by then Lions tackle, Jason Jimenez.
Post-football life.
Following his retirement in 2003, Taras became the Vice-President of the Canadian Football League Players' Association. Now the Director of Community Relations with the BC Lions.
Taras currently resides in South Surrey, British Columbia with his wife Jennifer and their two children, Sydney and William. Taras is very active in the Greater Vancouver area in community and charitable activities.

</doc>
<doc id="6920011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920011" title="Mario de Marco">
Mario de Marco

Mario de Marco (born 18 October 1965) is a Maltese politician and academic currently serving as a Member of Parliament. He is the son of former president Guido de Marco and is a former deputy leader for parliamentary affairs of the Nationalist Party.
Academic career.
De Marco studied at St Aloysius' College and at Cambridge University, United Kingdom, where he graduated in international commercial law.
While there he was nominated a Commonwealth Scholar for Academic Achievement. As well as specializing in commercial law he also specialized in fundamental human rights. He is commercial law lecturer at the University of Malta.
Member of Parliament.
In the 2003-2008 parliamentary term, he was nominated as vice-chairman of the Parliamentary House Committee in the House of Representatives. He is also a member of the Parliamentary Committee for European and Foreign Affairs.
Following the March 2008 general election, he was appointed as member of the Cabinet, as Parliamentary Secretary for Tourism, within Prime Minister Lawrence Gonzi's office. In January 2012, he was appointed Minister responsible for Environment, Tourism and Culture.
In the March 2013 general election he was re-elected to parliament and was made the Nationalist deputy leader for parliamentary affairs in May that year.
Professional Career
Mario de Marco graduated as Doctor of Laws from the University of Malta 1988. He furthered his studies and obtained a Master of Laws degree (LL.M.) from the University of Cambridge, Trinity Hall. He is a lecturer in commercial law with special focus on international business law at the University of Malta. He also lectures on international trade transactions at the Link Campus in Rome, Italy.
Mario's practice is focused on the areas of international commercial and trade law in Malta, Europe and North Africa. He has acted as legal counsel to a major Italian communication company in a bid to enter into a strategic partnership agreement with the government of Malta for the design, development, implementation and operation of the e-Government services initiative. He has also advised a number of blue chip companies in the telecommunication sectors and has represented international corporations in dispute resolution proceedings both locally and in London.
Mario is also the legal advisor to various hotel-owning and -operating companies in Malta and to various companies involved in the construction industry as well as major schools, and a number of joint-venture companies between Maltese Government and Libyan Government.

</doc>
<doc id="6920015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920015" title="Tecapa">
Tecapa

Tecapa is a complex stratovolcano in central El Salvador.

</doc>
<doc id="6920027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920027" title="Sharenian">
Sharenian



</doc>
<doc id="6920032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920032" title="Entrench">
Entrench



</doc>
<doc id="6920035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920035" title="Riprey">
Riprey



</doc>
<doc id="6920039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920039" title="Greenbank telescope">
Greenbank telescope



</doc>
<doc id="6920041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920041" title="Youko Honna">
Youko Honna



</doc>
<doc id="6920050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920050" title="Dong fang shen zhou">
Dong fang shen zhou



</doc>
<doc id="6920057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920057" title="Bezier synthesis">
Bezier synthesis



</doc>
<doc id="6920060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920060" title="Argon st">
Argon st



</doc>
<doc id="6920072" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920072" title="Argonst">
Argonst



</doc>
<doc id="6920074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920074" title="List of municipalities of the Province of Lecce">
List of municipalities of the Province of Lecce

The following is a list of the 97 municipalities ("comuni") of the Province of Lecce, Apulia, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6920078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920078" title="El Tigre (disambiguation)">
El Tigre (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6920083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920083" title="GIDP">
GIDP



</doc>
<doc id="6920097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920097" title="Jack Frost (mascot)">
Jack Frost (mascot)



</doc>
<doc id="6920099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920099" title="Anthony Bennett (artist)">
Anthony Bennett (artist)

Anthony Bennett (born in 1966 in Mackay, Queensland) is an Australian artist . He has lived and worked in Tokyo, Rome and London and has exhibited nationally in Australia and internationally. He was a finalist in the Archibald Prize in 2009 for the second year running and was also a finalist in both the Wynne and Sulman Prizes for 2009. In 2007 he was featured as one of the 'hot young queensland painters' interviewed on ABC TV's Sunday Arts programme and that year also won the "renault new generation art award" at Art Sydney. He has also been a finalist in the prestigious Conrad Jupiters Art Prize, Sculpture by the Sea, The Schubert Ulrick Photographic Awards and the Cromwell's Art Prize. In 2004 he was awarded a Bundanon residency. Graduating from Griffith University Queensland College of Art with a Bachelor of Visual Art and majors in painting and sculpture in 1999.
Described in "Art &amp; Australia" in 2006 as, a "potent anti-corporate poet" by reviewer Vikki Riley, his work uses the language and imagery of the everyday, appropriating pop culture with grabs from advertising, cartoons, music and movie stars and references respectful and otherwise to art history. He refers as much to Kierkegaard and Camus as Kath and Kim. His imagery quotes from Willem de Kooning, Andy Warhol, Brett Whiteley, Jean-Michel Basquiat and Cy Twombly. His titles are integral components and often mash words into the perceptive equation to play off the imagery, adding to the semantic game and augmenting the mood of dissent, while also revealing much about his practice. His work is contained in many private collections in Australia, New Zealand, Austria, China, Japan, Italy and England.Artist's folio site
Description of his influences.
Bennett paints every day. Pop culture becomes the words that he uses to construct his artistic sentences. "If the viewer is aware of Freud or Jung then a discussion of the ideas those heavyweight thinkers have provided us is in play. If the viewer is only aware of the last Hollywood version of 'Superman', but not Nietzsche's version then that might be just as relevant to them, but not necessarily the end of the story..." says Bennett.
"I don't really like conversations about art," he continues "because I think art is a visual language in and of itself and when you learn that language properly, why talk over the top of it."
"Pop Cannibal is the term I use for it. The Tarantino or Simpsons style mix and match of genres in equal parts homage and/or critique. Not always equal parts either, as nothing should be written in stone. It depends on mood, day of the week, the quality of the wine consumed etc."
Death of his mother and brother.
The death of Bennett's mother and brother in a car accident made him introspective and pushed him to explore the philosophers of the past. He began to travel, heading to England for the first time.
Much of the work produced in that period he destroyed because he felt it was made more as a cathartic experience rather than something to be shown or used to derive income from.
Stunt in Vatican City.
In 1999, while living in Rome, Bennett carried out his first commando card installation. He placed over 120 postcards of nudes that he had produced in Australia, into the postcard racks of the Vatican Gift Shop. Aware of the strict security and the ever present Swiss Guard he pretended to be perusing the stacks and would take out one of the pope postcards for sale, look at it and then when he returned it to the stack, he would palm one of his own cards in behind it. One at a time until all were in place. He reasoned that once the outer cards were purchased by those on pilgrimage, his cards would be revealed in each slot, but not be purchased given the subject matter, and the postcard racks would slowly bloom into a postcard rack sculpture of his work, aided unwittingly by the compliance of the faithful Catholics.
Cho Sagoi Desu Ne.
In 2000 Bennett spent 2 years in Tokyo. He started photographing the people in the streets and the fashions and styles of youth culture that he saw there. The photographic exhibition 'tokyo lipstick' was the result, shown in Brisbane in 2002.
Super Thanks for Asking.
"super thanks for asking" is the title of an exhibition in 2007 that continues with the use of portraits and in particular "celebrity" that started some years ago, in which Bennett paints iconic figures in garish hues and against a single colour backdrop, with sardonic commentary scrawled in tiny text. Subjects include Andy Warhol, Brett Whiteley, Vincent van Gogh, Queen Elizabeth II, Salvador Dalí, Henri Matisse, Reg Mombassa and Peter Garrett.
References.
Crimmings, Emma; Sunday Arts, ABC TV, 4 November 2007
Anderson, Judy; The Gold Coast Bulletin, Art Review, April 2006
Houghton, J.; Art Review, Clay, April 2006
Miliner, K.; Gucci Geisha, The Courier-Mail, 2002
Riley, Vikki; "Art &amp; Australia", Issue 43 No.3, March 2006

</doc>
<doc id="6920106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920106" title="Pavel Chinezul">
Pavel Chinezul



</doc>
<doc id="6920121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920121" title="Sensytech">
Sensytech



</doc>
<doc id="6920135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920135" title="UEFA Euro 1980 qualifying">
UEFA Euro 1980 qualifying

The qualifying round for UEFA Euro 1980 consisted of 31 teams divided into seven groups; three of five teams and four of four teams. The qualifying round (drawn in Rome on 30 November 1977) was played at various times between May 1978 and February 1980, with some groups concluding earlier than others.
Qualified teams.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;
&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Tiebreakers.
If two or more teams finished level on points after completion of the group matches, the following tie-breakers were used to determine the final ranking:
Groups.
Four groups of four teams and three groups of five teams competed for qualification for UEFA Euro 1980. The teams played home and away matches against the other teams in their group. The seven teams that acquired the most points to win their respective group qualified for the main tournament, joining the host nation Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6920145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920145" title="Conchagua (volcano)">
Conchagua (volcano)

Conchagua (also known as Cochague) consists of two overlapping stratovolcanoes in a single conical edifice. It is located in southeastern El Salvador overlooking the Gulf of Fonseca. Cerro de La Banderas, at 1133 m, appears younger but is dated at 0.41 ± 0.1 Ma. To the west-southwest is the Cerro del Ocotal at 1225 m and dated at 0.15 ± 0.02 Ma. There are active fumarolic areas on both peaks but no recorded history of eruptions.
It is surrounded by forest called Bosque Conchagua. Conchagua, in Native American indigenous Salvadoran Lenca language, means (Flying Jaguar). According to historians, the volcano was settled by the Lenca civilization, who worshipped the goddess Comizahual, an indigenous Jaguar Princess. Lenca legends say that Conchagua was Comizahual's favorite volcano, and upon her death she was taken on top on Conchagua where her body turned into many golden Chiltota birds. At the summit is a retreat called El Espíritu de la Montaña, which means Mountain Spirit.
Plans for Bitcoin City.
The volcano was selected as the site for the planned "Bitcoin City", a smart city project that will use the energy from the volcano to power its infrastructure, as well as the mining of cryptocurrencies. The project was announced by President Nayib Bukele in November 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="6920148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920148" title="27th Canadian Ministry">
27th Canadian Ministry

The Twenty-Seventh Canadian Ministry was the Cabinet led by Prime Minister Paul Martin. It governed Canada from 12 December 2003 to 6 February 2006, including the last five months of the 37th Canadian Parliament and all of the 38th. The government was formed by the Liberal Party of Canada.
List of ministers.
By minister.
Note: This is in Order of Precedence, which is established by the chronological order of appointment to the Queen's Privy Council for Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="6920150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920150" title="List of municipalities of the Province of Taranto">
List of municipalities of the Province of Taranto

The following is a list of the 29 municipalities ("comuni") of the Province of Taranto, Apulia, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6920156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920156" title="LuEsther Mertz">
LuEsther Mertz

LuEsther Turner Mertz (December 30, 1905, in Cincinnati, Ohio – February 5, 1991, in Port Washington, New York) was a businesswoman and philanthropist. She was the youngest child of a Methodist minister and his wife and trained as a librarian at Syracuse University.
In 1953, LuEsther and her husband, Harold Mertz, along with their daughter, Joyce, founded Publishers Clearing House. Over the years, Publishers Clearing House grew from an initial mailing of 10,000 letters to a marketing legend. Mrs. Mertz was active in the company's management, serving as a member of its executive committee until her death in 1991.
In 1962 she founded Choice Magazine Listening, an audio anthology of magazine writing for the visually impaired. She believed that visually impaired people and those with disabilities that prevented them from reading standard print should have access to the same magazine writing as sighted people. She established the nonprofit Lucerna Fund to support the efforts of Choice Magazine Listening. She went on to become a major supporter of Lincoln Center, Central Park Conservancy, New York City Ballet, New York Shakespeare Festival, Joyce Theater Foundation, New York Botanical Garden, the Center for Conservation Biology at Stanford University, Joseph Papp's Public Theater, and the American Civil Liberties Union.
In her own town she served as a trustee of the Port Washington Public Library and was a founding member of the Port Washington League of Women Voters. LuEsther Mertz was awarded the Mayor's Award for Arts and Culture in 1983 and the New York State Governor's Arts Award in 1986. In 1980, Dennis Murphy and Paul Ehrlich of the Center for Conservation Biology named a subspecies of the Edith's checkerspot butterfly, "Euphydryas editha luestherae", in her honor.
Since her death in 1991, aged 85, the LuEsther T. Mertz Charitable Trust has contributed to core programs at the New York Botanical Garden in horticulture, science, and visitor services, as well as to the construction of the Garden Cafe and Terrace Room, an important visitor amenity that opened in 1997. The LuEsther T. Mertz Library is named after her. The trust also donates annually to 13 other named beneficiaries.

</doc>
<doc id="6920158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920158" title="Eos tower">
Eos tower



</doc>
<doc id="6920180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920180" title="Alexander Fernandez">
Alexander Fernandez



</doc>
<doc id="6920183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920183" title="Blok-Esakia isomorphism">
Blok-Esakia isomorphism



</doc>
<doc id="6920185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920185" title="Preimplantation diagnosis">
Preimplantation diagnosis



</doc>
<doc id="6920194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920194" title="Mostra of Venice">
Mostra of Venice



</doc>
<doc id="6920197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920197" title="Commissioned Officers">
Commissioned Officers



</doc>
<doc id="6920201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920201" title="Meanguera, El Salvador">
Meanguera, El Salvador

Meanguera is a municipality in the Morazán department of El Salvador.

</doc>
<doc id="6920207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920207" title="Seeing Islam As Others Saw It">
Seeing Islam As Others Saw It



</doc>
<doc id="6920217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920217" title="David Smith (footballer, born 1970)">
David Smith (footballer, born 1970)

David Smith (born 26 December 1970) is a former professional footballer. He was a midfielder who played for Norwich City F.C. (where he began his career), Oxford United F.C., Stockport County F.C., Macclesfield Town F.C. and Drogheda United.
He came through the youth team and reserves at Norwich and played 18 times for the first team. His league debut was in April 1990 against Derby County. He played 198 times for Oxford (2 goals), and 60 games for Stockport.

</doc>
<doc id="6920227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920227" title="Visoko during the Middle Ages">
Visoko during the Middle Ages

The area of today's Visoko is considered to be a nucleus from where Bosnian statehood was developed in 10th century. The expanded valley of the river Bosna around today's Visoko was the biggest agriculture area in central Bosnia, so fertile ground around Visoko was ideal for development of early political center of Bosnian nobility.
The settlement that was in Visoko field has been associated with the name "Bosna" (Bosnia) for a long time, only since the 1350s has the name Visoki became widely used. Visoko and its valley with Mile, Moštre and Podvisoki was an early center of the Bosnian medieval state, and the site where some members of the Kotromanić dynasty were buried and the first Bosnian King Tvrtko I was crowned. The old town of Visoki, located on Visočica hill, was a politically important fortress, and its inner bailey, Podvisoki, was an early example of a Bosnian medieval urban area.
History.
Medieval settlement Bosnia.
Pavao Anđelić considers Visoko field to be the core from where early Slavs in the 7th and 8th century expanded the term Bosnia as a territorial unit.
The place known as Bosnia is mentioned in 17 medieval sources. A number of documents in Latin mention Bosnia in the context of a settlement. Stephen II Kotromanić, Ban of Bosnia, wrote a charter in 1334 "in" "Bossina in curia nostra." Ragusans wrote in 1367 about the location of St. Nikola church as "conventus sancti Nicolae de Bosna".
With times Visoki became a prevalent name for the medieval area that was known simply as Bosna (Bosnia). Names for Visoko varied in literature: Vizoka, Uisochi, Vissokium, Vissochi, Visuki, Visochium.
Bosnian banate.
Bosnia had become a banate by 1154. The first domestic ruler was Ban Kulin. His plate was found in Biskupići (which is derived from biskup, meaning bishop), a small place just outside of Visoko. The plate was once part of a church built by Kulin. According to Pavao Anđelić and others the Bilino Polje abjuration took place in Visoko valley, instead of the field of Bilino near Zenica, as there are no records of significant settlement there. Additionally Latin sources do not indicate where exactly this meeting took place, other than: "by river, and that monastery is located beside town Bosna."
The medieval settlement of Bosna "(civitas Bosna)" is mentioned in documents from the 12th century. Mile is mentioned in 1244 as a place where Stephen II Kotromanić built a Franciscan monastery in honour of Saint Nicholas. After the death of Stephen II, he was succeeded by young ban Tvrtko, who would become the first king of Bosnia as Tvrtko I. His mother Jelena Šubić played an important role during his early reign. She went to the Kingdom of Hungary in 1354 and asked king Louis I of Hungary for confirmation of Tvrtko's rule in Bosnia. She held a stanak (assembly of nobility) in Mile, asking noblemen to confirm all of Tvrtko's rights, who was 15 years old by that time. Old town of Visoki on Visočica hill is first mentioned in a charter that was issued on 1 September 1355, where Tvrtko I confirmed Ragusans benefits and freedom in trade, which has been customary since the time of Kulin (see Charter of Ban Kulin). Podvisoki is mentioned in 1363, but its glory days were during the Kingdom of Bosnia.
Bosnian kingdom.
The coronation of Tvrtko I Kotromanić was held on 26 October 1377 in the Church of St. Nicholaus in Mile. The Bosnian banate transformed into a kingdom. The fact this coronoation took place around Visoko has been proven archaeologically. Tvrtko Kotromanić wrote to Hrvoje Vukčić Hrvatinić on 12 March 1380 out from the royal court in Moštre (Moištri in medieval sources), which was also located in the Visoko basin.
Political and trading center of Bosnia.
The center of trade for the Bosnian kingdom was Podvisoki, which had a considerable colony of Ragusan merchants. From 1404 to 1428, Podvisoki was a frequent caravan destination. Milaš Radomirić was a prominent merchant from Visoko, later accepted as a citizen of the Ragusan Republic. On April 9 1428 the wedding engagement between Tvrtko II and Dorothy Garai was made and by July 31 Ragusan merchants asked the queen to stop by Podvisoki so she could receive gifts. The biggest caravan shipment was recorded in 1428. On August 9 Vlachs committed to Ragusan lord Tomo Bunić, that they will deliver 1500 modius of salt carried by 600 horses. Mile was one of the places where Bosnian nobility and kings held stanak.
Struggle for power.
Ostoja of Bosnia was one of the most active kings to leave traces in Visoko. He assumed his role as a king in 1398, but after 4 years he was forced to flee Bosnia. The nobility on the side of Tvrtko II held a meeting in Mile and decided to overthrow Ostoja because of his pro-Hungarian stance. Ostoja had lost the support of almost the whole nobility at the time. A difficult and very long stanak was held on June 5 1404. Hungarians decided to send an army into Bosnia, and Podvisoki was looted on March 4 1410. They even captured some Ragusan merchants stationed in Podvisoki, for which the Republic of Ragusa protested Sigismund, King of Hungary In 1412 Vuk Kotromanić, nephew of king Ostoja, killed and stole silver from one Ragusan merchant called Jakša Bunić. Ragusans demanded that Vuk be punished for his crime, but there is no evidence that he was ever prosecuted. Despite the hungarian incursion, king Ostoja remained in power and Tvrtko II went into hiding.
King Ostoja died in 1418, which reignited unrest in the kingdom and eventually escalated into a civil war. Nobility once again didn't approve of the king, this time the son of Ostoja, Stephen Ostojić. He only had a handful of noblemen behind him, namely Petar Pavlović and Radosav Vladimirić. Stephen Ostojić ruled until June 5, 1420, when a meeting of the nobility in Visoko sealed his fate. The crucial event for Ostojić's demise was reconciliation between Radosav Pavlović and Duke Sandalj Hranić.
Tvrtko II reappeared around this time and he acquired the support of the Bosnian nobility in Visoko, including voivod Vukmir, mayor Dragiša, knez Juraj Vojsalić, knez Pribić, knez Radič Radojević of Pribinić-Radojević noble family, knez Batić Mirković, knez Juraj Dragičević, knez Petar Klešić, voivod Ivko and voivod Pavao Jurjević. Earlier that year the same nobility had supported Ostojić in one meeting that was held at the start of 1420, but this time Tvrtko II was assisted by the Ottoman Empire in reclaiming his throne and made Visoko his royal court in 1421.
A meeting was held in Visoko with representatives of the Republic of Venice, where they were granted trade freedoms, recorded in a charter issued on December 21, 1422 also in Visoko. Ishak Bey retreated with his forces and Tvrtko became undisputed king. By 1432 a new pretender to the throne emerged, namely Radivoj Ostojić, illegitimate son of king Ostoja. Tvrtko II by this time had lost the support of the Bosnian nobility and once again the Hungarians entered the scene, this time supporting Tvrtko II and reestablishing his power as king. From this point on, Visoko began to lose its importance. The Ottoman Empire was becoming a real threat to the Kingdom of Bosnia and the Visoko valley soon became part of the Ottoman frontier.
Fall of the Kingdom.
Ottoman Empire by 1451 had a stronghold in Vrhbosna (today's Sarajevo) and Visoko was not safe anymore. Economic activity in Podvisoki faded and the king together with the nobility went into the north-east, where they retreated into better fortified positions like Bobovac and Ključ.
In these twilight years of the Kingdom of Bosnia, Thomas of Bosnia, son of King Ostoja, began persecuting members of the Bosnian Church, which were considered heretics by the Catholic Church, as a means to ensure help from Catholic Europe against the ever-growing threat of the Ottoman Empire. It seemed to work, as for the first time the crown for a king in Bosnia would come from Rome itself and the crowning was scheduled to take place in Visoko. The banishment of followers of the Bosnian Church from the Visoko area, a historical stronghold of theirs, led to the destruction of the local Franciscan monastery in retaliation. It was rebuilt shortly after by Mihovil Ostojić (Ostoides). By 1462 Visoko became the center of the Ottoman territorial area, known as the Visoko nahiye. There are no records that Ottomans besieged the town of Visoki, before or after 1463. The town was abandoned before 1503, as it is not mentioned in the Turkish-Hungarian treaty from that year. In 1626 Đorđić mentioned Visoki among abandoned towns.
Visoko valley and notable centers.
Visoki.
The royal town of Visoki was a fortress which existed during the time of the medieval Bosnian state. The first mention of the town dates back to 1 September 1355, but it is believed to have been built even earlier. It was used by Bosnian bans and kings as a ruler's residence from which several official charters were written to other states. It was also defensively fortified, as the fortress had a trench and many towers of varying sizes. Visoki was first mentioned in a charter written in the royal town of Visoki, and was named "in castro nosto Visoka vocatum". The charter was written by young ban, Tvrtko I of Bosnia, who later became king in 1377 by his coronation in Mile. Several other rulers and nobles wrote charters in Visoki, including King Stephen Ostoja of Bosnia and Tvrtko Borovinić, who would be the last to write of the old town of Visoki in 1436 in the document "on Visoki". 
Visoki was built on Visočica hill, at a height of 766 meters, and 300 meters above the valley where the modern town of Visoko is located. By the time of the Turkish conquest of Bosnia, the old town was probably destroyed and never reconstructed. Few remnants of old Visoki remain, most being preserved in the town's museum. "In situ" evidence includes the remains of foundations of the towers, walls and gates. A model has been reconstructed according to plans of Đoko Mazalić made in 1953. The old royal town of Visoki is a national monument of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Today, beginning from 2007 its ruins are being slowly excavated so the town is becoming visible more and more. 
Podvisoki.
Podvisoki is a modern settlement in Visoko and was once a medieval subtown of the royal town. It was an important trade center and sometimes a ruler's residence. Podvisoki was one of the earliest examples of the medieval urban environments in Bosnia. In Podvisoki, a colony of Dubrovnik's merchants developed and maintained historically good relations with the Republic of Ragusa. The terms Bosnia and Podvisoki are often mentioned in Ragusan charters and documents, sometimes used interchangeably. Biggest caravan shipment in medieval Bosnia happened in 1428 between Podvisoki and Dubrovnik.
Mile.
Mile was first recorded in 1244 as the home of the Church of Saints Cosmas and Damian, a possession of the Bosnian bishopric. Around 1340, a Franciscan vicarage was established in Mile, the Franciscan monastery in the town was the first in Bosnia. The monastery is located by the modern settlement of Arnautovići on the right bank of the river Bosna. Mile was the coronation and burial place of Bosnian bans and kings during the medieval Bosnian state and was also the site where the Rusag was held. The first king of Bosnia, Tvrtko I Kotromanić, was crowned in Mile in the Franciscan church of St. Nicholas, and later buried there alongside his uncle Stjepan II Kotromanić. An archive with important documents was also located in Mile.
Visoko's museum houses many artifacts found by archaeological excavations in the valley. One such expedition found a "stećak" necropoli"s", some made in fine detail, including many materials, jewellery, tools, and other artifacts.
Moštre.
There is not much detailed information about the medieval university in the Visoko area, referred to as the "place called Bosnia" by the Vatican archives. The university at Moštre was first mentioned in 1175 as a high academy of Bosnian religious organization (see Bosnian Church). The university was known for its scholarship in medicine, theology, cosmogony, and ethics. There are four documents that directly or indirectly point to the existence of the high academy in the Visoko Area.
In addition to its university, Moštre was the location of Bosnian church institutions including the "house of krstjani". Also, Moštre was a place where charters were sometimes written; for example, in 1323, when ban Stjepan published his charter to Duke Vukoslav, and later in 1381, when king Tvrtko I Kotromanić issued a charter to Hrvoje Vukčić.
Milodraž.
Milodraž, first mentioned in a charter King Tvrtko II issued to the Republic of Ragusa on 18 August 1421, was a settlement not exactly situated within the Visoko valley, however an important neighboring center on an important road connecting Visoko with nearby Fojnica and Kreševo. Other royal charters in correspondence with the Ragusans documents confirm that one of the residences of Tvrtko II and King Thomas was located there.
The settlement's significance was augmented by two royal weddings which took place in it: the wedding of Tvrtko II with Dorothy Garai, in July 1428, and the wedding of Thomas with Katarina Kosača, in May 1446. It is, however, most notable as the place where Mehmed the Conqueror, following the Ottoman conquest of Bosnia in late May 1463, issued the Ahdname to the Bosna Argentina Franciscan friar Anđeo Zvizdović, promising religious tolerance.
Pobrđe Milodraž, the present-day village in Kiseljak, Bosnia and Herzegovina, is located in the same area as medieval Milodraž.
Other locations.
In Biskupići, a plate of Kulin Ban dating from 1193 was found alongside the remains of his church, grave, and foundations of buildings from that period. Other notable medieval settlements in the vicinity included Sebinje town, Čajan town in Gračanica—which protected the roads between Visoko and Bobovac—and the towns of Bedem and Goduša.
In the small settlement of Malo Čajno, on the ground of an Orthodox church cemetery, a plate of big Kaznac Nespina was found. The stone slab depicts a relief scene of hunting with Romanesque stylistic characteristics. Its length is 210 cm, height 106 cm, and thickness is 7–10 cm. Cyrillic inscription reveals the title and name of the distinguished representative of the state administration whose task was to collect rulers revenues. Because of the carved relief there are indications that it is much older than the 13th century, as was originally believed, some experts dating it back to the 8th century.

</doc>
<doc id="6920231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920231" title="Maha Chana Chai district">
Maha Chana Chai district

Maha Chana Chai (, ; , ) is a district of Yasothon province in northeastern Thailand.
History.
In 1859, Prince Thao Puttakhamphun (ท้าวปุตตะคำพูน ราชบุตร) founded a new city in the vicinity of the village of Woen Chai (บ้านเวินชัย) beside the Chi River, which he named Mueang (city of) Han Chai Cham Na (เมืองหันชัยชำนะ translation unknown.) In 1863, King Rama IV renamed the town Mueang Maha Chana Chai ('triumphant victory')
The town became a district ("amphoe") of Ubon Ratchathani province in 1909, and on 24 April 1917 its name was changed to Fa Yat District (อำเภอฟ้าหยาด), because the district office was in Fa Yat village, Fa Yat sub-district. On 7 April 1939, the name reverted to Maha Chana Chai District.
On 1 March 1972, when Yasothon Province was established, Maha Chana Chai was one of six districts assigned to the new province.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise): Kham Khuean Kaeo of Yasothon Province; Khueang Nai of Ubon Ratchathani province; Kho Wang of Yasothon Province; Rasi Salai, Sila Lat of Sisaket province' and Phanom Phrai of Roi Et province.
Administration.
The district is divided into 10 sub-districts ("tambons"), with 103 villages ("mubans").

</doc>
<doc id="6920233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920233" title="Interspecific competition">
Interspecific competition

Interspecific competition, in ecology, is a form of competition in which individuals of "different" species compete for the same resources in an ecosystem (e.g. food or living space). This can be contrasted with mutualism, a type of symbiosis. Competition between members of the same species is called intraspecific competition.
If a tree species in a dense forest grows taller than surrounding tree species, it is able to absorb more of the incoming sunlight. However, less sunlight is then available for the trees that are shaded by the taller tree, thus interspecific competition. Leopards and lions can also be in interspecific competition, since both species feed on the same prey, and can be negatively impacted by the presence of the other because they will have less food.
Competition is only one of many interacting biotic and abiotic factors that affect community structure. Moreover, competition is not always a straightforward, direct, interaction. Interspecific competition may occur when individuals of two separate species share a limiting resource in the same area. If the resource cannot support both populations, then lowered fecundity, growth, or survival may result in at least one species. Interspecific competition has the potential to alter populations, communities and the evolution of interacting species. On an individual organism level, competition can occur as interference or exploitative competition.
Types.
All of the types described here can also apply to intraspecific competition, that is, competition among individuals within a species. Also, any specific example of interspecific competition can be described in terms of both a mechanism (e.g., resource or interference) and an outcome (symmetric or asymmetric).
Based on mechanism.
Exploitative competition, also referred to as resource competition, is a form of competition in which one species consumes and either reduces or more efficiently uses a shared limiting resource and therefore depletes the availability of the resource for the other species. Thus, it is an indirect interaction because the competing species interact via a shared resource.
Interference competition is a form of competition in which individuals of one species interacts directly with individuals of another species via antagonistic displays or more aggressive behavior.
In a review and synthesis of experimental evidence regarding interspecific competition, Schoener described six specific types of mechanisms by which competition occurs, including consumptive, preemptive, overgrowth, chemical, territorial, and encounter. Consumption competition is always resource competition, but the others cannot always be regarded as exclusively exploitative or interference.
Separating the effect of resource use from that of interference is not easy. A good example of exploitative competition is found in aphid species competing over the sap in plant phloem. Each aphid species that feeds on host plant sap uses some of the resource, leaving less for competing species. In one study, "Fordinae geoica" was observed to out-compete "F. formicaria" to the extent that the latter species exhibited a reduction in survival by 84%. Another example is the one of competition for calling space in amphibians, where the calling activity of a species prevents the other one from calling in an area as wide as it would in allopatry. A last example is driving of bisexual rock lizards of genus "Darevskia" from their natural habitats by a daughter unisexual form; interference competition can be ruled out in this case, because parthenogenetic forms of the lizards never demonstrate aggressive behavior.
This type of competition can also be observed in forests where large trees dominate the canopy and thus allow little light to reach smaller competitors living below. These interactions have important implications for the population dynamics and distribution of both species.
Based on outcome.
Scramble and contest competition refer to the relative success of competitors. Scramble competition is said to occur when each competitor is equal suppressed, either through reduction in survival or birth rates. Contest competition is said to occur when one or a few competitors are unaffected by competition, but all others suffer greatly, either through reduction in survival or birth rates. Sometimes these types of competition are referred to as symmetric (scramble) vs. asymmetric (contest) competition. Scramble and contest competition are two ends of a spectrum, of completely equal or completely unequal effects.
Apparent competition.
Apparent competition is actually an example of predation that alters the relative abundances of prey on the same trophic level. It occurs when two or more species in a habitat affect shared natural enemies in a higher trophic level. If two species share a common predator, for example, apparent competition can exist between the two prey items in which the presence of each prey species increases the abundance of the shared enemy, and thereby suppresses one or both prey species. This mechanism gets its name from experiments in which one prey species is removed and the second prey species increases in abundance. Investigators sometimes mistakenly attribute the increase in abundance in the second species as evidence for resource competition between prey species. It is "apparently" competition, but is in fact due to a shared predator, parasitoid, parasite, or pathogen. Notably, species competing for resources may often also share predators in nature. Interactions via resource competition and shared predation may thus often influence one another, thus making it difficult to study and predict their outcome by only studying one of them.
Consequences.
Many studies, including those cited previously, have shown major impacts on both individuals and populations from interspecific competition. Documentation of these impacts has been found in species from every major branch of organism. The effects of interspecific competition can also reach communities and can even influence the evolution of species as they adapt to avoid competition. This evolution may result in the exclusion of a species in the habitat, niche separation, and local extinction. The changes of these species over time can also change communities as other species must adapt.
Competitive exclusion.
The competitive exclusion principle, also called "Gause's law" which arose from mathematical analysis and simple competition models states that two species that use the same limiting resource in the same way in the same space and time cannot coexist and must diverge from each other over time in order for the two species to coexist. One species will often exhibit an advantage in resource use. This superior competitor will out-compete the other with more efficient use of the limiting resource. As a result, the inferior competitor will suffer a decline in population over time. It will be excluded from the area and replaced by the superior competitor.
A well-documented example of competitive exclusion was observed to occur between Dolly Varden charr (Trout)("Salvelinus malma") and white spotted char (Trout)("S. leucomaenis") in Japan. Both of these species were morphologically similar but the former species was found primarily at higher elevations than the latter. Although there was a zone of overlap, each species excluded the other from its dominant region by becoming better adapted to its habitat over time. In some such cases, each species gets displaced into an exclusive segment of the original habitat. Because each species suffers from competition, natural selection favors the avoidance of competition in such a way.
Niche differentiation is a process by which competitive exclusion leads to differences in resource use. In some cases, niche differentiation results in spatial displacement, where species avoid direct competition by occupying different areas. However, niche differentiation can also cause other changes, such as altered behaviors or ecological roles, that help species avoid competition. If competition avoidance is possible, species may specialize in different areas of the niche, minimizing overlap and resource competition (Watts &amp; Holekamp, 2008). For example, spotted hyenas (Crocuta crocuta) and lions (Panthera leo) in Africa share similar habitats and prey but have different hunting strategies. Hyenas use stamina to chase prey over long distances, while lions rely on ambush hunting. This difference in hunting strategies helps reduce direct competition for food (Hayward &amp; Slotow, 2009).
Another example of niche differentiation comes from birds, where species with similar ecological requirements shift their behavior to avoid competition. In the Galapagos Islands, finch species have been observed to change their feeding habits within a few generations, adapting to new dietary resources to minimize competition. This adaptation allowed different finch species to coexist despite overlapping habitats and food sources (Kruuk, 1972). Similarly, hyenas and lions may alter their roles in the ecosystem through spatial and behavioral differentiation, helping them avoid direct conflict and share resources (Groenewald et al., 2009).
In some ecosystems, niche differentiation is influenced by third-party species or predators. For example, a keystone predator can significantly alter the behavior of competing species. Hyenas, by preying on lions or scavenging their kills, can reduce the lions’ ability to dominate a territory. This helps other predators and scavengers, like cheetahs, access resources they might otherwise be excluded from (Hayward &amp; Slotow, 2009). Additionally, in bacterial ecosystems, phage parasites have been shown to mediate coexistence between competing bacterial species by reducing the dominance of one species. This kind of interaction helps maintain biodiversity in microbial communities, which can have important implications for both medical research and ecological theory (Groenewald et al., 2009).
Local extinction.
Although local extinction of one or more competitors has been less documented than niche separation or competitive exclusion, it does occur. In an experiment involving zooplankton in artificial rock pools, local extinction rates were significantly higher in areas of interspecific competition. In these cases, therefore, the negative effects are not only at the population level but also species richness of communities.
Impacts on communities.
As mentioned previously, interspecific competition has great impact on community composition and structure. Niche separation of species, local extinction and competitive exclusion are only some of the possible effects. In addition to these, interspecific competition can be the source of a cascade of effects that build on each other. An example of such an effect is the introduction of an invasive species to the United States, purple-loosestrife. This plant when introduced to wetland communities often outcompetes much of the native flora and decreases species richness, food and shelter to many other species at higher trophic levels. In this way, one species can influence the populations of many other species as well as through a myriad of other interactions. Because of the complicated web of interactions that make up every ecosystem and habitat, the results of interspecific competition are complex and site-specific.
Competitive Lotka–Volterra model.
The impacts of interspecific competition on populations have been formalized in a mathematical model called the Competitive Lotka–Volterra equations, which creates a theoretical prediction of interactions. It combines the effects of each species on the other. These effects are calculated separately for the first and second population respectively:
In these formulae, N is the population size, t is time, K is the carrying capacity, r is the intrinsic rate of increase and α and β are the relative competition coefficients. The results show the effect that the other species has on the species being calculated. The results can be graphed to show a trend and possible prediction for the future of the species. One problem with this model is that certain assumptions must be made for the calculation to work. These include the lack of migration and constancy of the carrying capacities and competition coefficients of both species. The complex nature of ecology determines that these assumptions are rarely true in the field but the model provides a basis for improved understanding of these important concepts.
An equivalent formulation of these models is:
In these formulae, formula_5 is the effect that an individual of species 1 has on its own population growth rate. Similarly, formula_6 is the effect that an individual of species 2 has on the population growth rate of species 1. One can also read this as the effect on species 1 of species 2. In comparing this formulation to the one above, we note that formula_7, and formula_8.
Coexistence between competitors occurs when formula_9 and formula_10. We can translate this as coexistence occurs when the competitive strength of each species on itself is greater than on its competitor.
There are other mathematical representations that model species competition, such as using non-polynomial functions.
Interspecific competition in macroevolution.
Interspecific competition is a major factor in macroevolution. Darwin assumed that interspecific competition limits the number of species on Earth, as formulated in his wedge metaphor: "Nature may be compared to a surface covered with ten-thousand sharp wedges ... representing different species, all packed closely together and driven in by incessant blows, . . . sometimes a wedge of one form and sometimes another being struck; the one driven deeply in forcing out others; with the jar and shock often transmitted very far to other wedges in many lines of direction." (From "Natural Selection" - the "big book" from which Darwin abstracted the "Origin"). The question whether interspecific competition limits global biodiversity is disputed today, but analytical studies of the global Phanerozoic fossil record are in accordance with the existence of global (although not constant) carrying capacities for marine biodiversity. Interspecific competition is also the basis for Van Valen's Red Queen hypothesis, and it may underlie the positive correlation between origination and extinction rates that is seen in almost all major taxa.
In the previous examples, the macroevolutionary role of interspecific competition is that of a limiting factor of biodiversity, but interspecific competition also promotes niche differentiation and thus speciation and diversification. The impact of interspecific competition may therefore change during phases of diversity build-up, from an initial phase where positive feedback mechanisms dominate to a later phase when niche-peremption limits further increase in the number of species; a possible example for this situation is the re-diversification of marine faunas after the end-Permian mass extinction event.

</doc>
<doc id="6920241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920241" title="FedEx Express Flight 647">
FedEx Express Flight 647

FedEx Express Flight 647 was a scheduled domestic cargo flight between Metropolitan Oakland International Airport, Oakland, California and Memphis International Airport, Memphis, Tennessee in the United States, that crashed during landing on December 18, 2003. Everybody on board survived the accident, and the aircraft was written off.
Background.
Aircraft.
The aircraft involved was a McDonnell Douglas MD-10-10F registered as N364FE. The aircraft's serial number was 46600, and its line number was 4. The aircraft was originally built as a McDonnell Douglas DC-10-10 on 18 January 1971 and delivered to United Airlines on 25 May 1972, registered as N1801U. The plane was later sold, and FedEx took delivery of the aircraft on 2 July 1998 of the now converted McDonnell Douglas MD-10-10F and re-registered the aircraft to N364FE. The plane was equipped with three General Electric CF6-6D engines. At the time of the accident, the aircraft had a total of approximately 65,375 flight hours.
Crew.
The flight had an experienced flight crew; the captain, aged 59, who had been working for Flying Tiger Line since July 10, 1978, and became a FedEx pilot when the two companies merged on August 7, 1989. He had logged about 21,000 total flight hours, including 2,602 flight hours in the MD-10 and MD-11 series of aircraft. The first officer, aged 44, was hired by FedEx on February 21, 1996, from Mesaba Airlines, where she had been employed since 1991. She had logged about 15,000 total flight hours, including 1,918 hours in the MD-10/MD-11.
The flight also had aboard five off-duty FedEx crew members bound for Memphis.
Flight and accident.
On December 18, 2003, Flight 647 was scheduled to depart Oakland for Memphis at 08:10 central standard time (CST), and after a brief delay due to a package sorting issue, departed for Memphis at 08:32. The departure from Oakland and cruise between Oakland and Memphis were uneventful.
The flight touched down at about 12:26 on runway 36R, and almost immediately the right landing gear collapsed. The plane veered off the right side of the runway, catching fire as it did so. The first officer received minor injuries as she evacuated the aircraft, as did one of the five non-revenue FedEx pilots who were on board as passengers. It was later discovered that the non-revenue pilot who activated the emergency exit slide had not been adequately trained in its operation. The handle that was pulled released the slide so it could be used as a raft in the event of a water landing, and the slide subsequently detached from the airplane.
Investigation.
The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) conducted a full investigation of the accident. It found that although the aircraft had encountered a crosswind during landing, the conditions were well within the safe capabilities of the aircraft. The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown, nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown, so that the plane landed excessively hard. As the plane landed, the crosswind caused the right wing to drop approximately six degrees. This was beyond the design capabilities for the right main landing gear, and it snapped as a result. The NTSB also cited the captain for failing to check the work of the first officer.
The NTSB further found that FAA Order 8400.10 (Air Transportation Aviation Inspector's Handbook) was deficient in the section addressing assurance of evacuation training for the flight crew.

</doc>
<doc id="6920245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920245" title="Aradhana (telugu)">
Aradhana (telugu)



</doc>
<doc id="6920248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920248" title="Manic street preachers">
Manic street preachers



</doc>
<doc id="6920249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920249" title="Johnny and the Witch-Maidens">
Johnny and the Witch-Maidens



</doc>
<doc id="6920260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920260" title="Maxie's World">
Maxie's World

Maxie's World is an American animated children's television program produced by DIC Animation City. Distributed by Claster Television and Saban International and originally aired in first-run syndication in the United States from September 18, 1989 through October 30, 1989. It consists of one season, comprising a total of 32 episodes, each 15 minutes long. In the series' original run, "Maxie's World" alternated on weekdays with "Beverly Hills Teens" and "It's Punky Brewster". The series was briefly rerun on USA Network in 1994.
Developed for television by Phil Harnage, and executive produced by Andy Heyward, the series was conceived as a tie-in to the Hasbro line of "Maxie" fashion dolls. The title character Maxie is a straight-"A" student, cheerleader, and surfer girl, who attends Surfside High School in California. In addition to her life as a "typical" teenager, she routinely finds adventure solving crimes and investigating mysteries as host of her own TV show.
Premise.
The series takes place in the fictional seaside town of "Surfside" and follows the adventures of teenager Maxie and her circle of friends. She attends Surfside High School where she is a popular straight "A" student, cheerleader and surfer girl, while after school, she serves as host and investigative reporter of her own eponymous talk show "Maxie's World". Through her work as a journalist, she routinely finds herself called upon to investigate mysteries and solve crimes, bringing the perpetrators to justice. Frequently accompanying Maxie in her adventures is her boyfriend, Rob, a handsome and popular football and soccer star at Surfside High.
Additional members of Maxie's circle of friends include Ashley, Carly and Simone, while male friends Mushroom and Ferdie routinely provide the series with its slapstick comedy elements. Providing much of the series' conflict is Jeri, who is envious of Maxie and is often shown manipulating events to humiliate the TV star in an attempt to sabotage her career and get her own TV show. In addition to the comedy and mystery elements, the series occasionally takes the opportunity to address more serious issues, including one episode which deals with the issue of teenage smoking, and another, which deals with the issue of eating disorders.
Home media.
In 1990, select episodes were released in the United States on 30-minute, 60-minute, and 120 minute NTSC VHS tapes by Celebrity Home Entertainment's Just for Kids Mini Features line. Beginning in 1991, select episodes were released in the United Kingdom on 30-minute, 60-minute, and 90-minute PAL VHS tapes by Abbey Home Entertainment. The series was distributed by Claster Television, which was owned by Hasbro, the makers of the "Maxie" dolls. As a result, Hasbro must give approval before any future home video release of the series is made available. 
On October 6, 2015, Mill Creek Entertainment released "Maxie's World - The Complete Series" on DVD in Region 1 for the very first time.
Crossover with "Beverly Hills Teens".
The "Beverly Hills Teens" made a crossover appearance in the "Maxie's World" episode "Beach Blanket Battle", where they visit Surfside High School to compete in a "Charity Challenge" against Maxie and her friends. As a crossover episode, certain elements of the "Beverly Hills Teens" character designs (such as hair color) were altered to help distinguish the "Beverly Hills Teens" from their "Maxie's World" counterparts.
Maxie toy line.
The "Maxie" toy line was originally conceived by Hasbro in 1986 after second-year sales of its fashion doll, Jem, did not live up to the toy company's expectations. In March 1988, Maxie, an 11½-inch tall, blonde-haired, blue-eyed, "All-American" teenage fashion doll was introduced onto toy store shelves, and was described as a competitor to Mattel's Barbie. For the launch, Hasbro had reportedly spent an estimated 70% of its annual advertising budget ($7 million) marketing the new doll.
In addition to the television series tie-in, promotion consisted of live presentations and television advertisements which starred Brooke Theiss as the live model. Commercials would typically feature the Maxie doll at school or various other activities, then switch to Theiss as the "real life" Maxie, which Hasbro vice president of public relations and promotions, Wayne Charness, described at the time as "innovative advertising for a fashion doll". By October 1988, sales of Maxie were said to be strong, with Charness reporting, "She's right on target with our projections for the first year. We certainly look forward to Maxie to be around for a long time."
The Maxie doll was typically priced between $5.50–$13 (approximately $10–$25 in 2013 currency) which was considered a slightly more affordable price range than Mattel's Barbie, the #1 selling fashion doll at the time. In contrast to Barbie, who, by that time, had evolved into more "adult" careers and endeavors, Maxie was marketed as a decidedly teenaged high school student and was available in several variations, including numerous beach-themed "Makin' Waves" and "Sun Splash", "Cheerleader", "Slumber Party", "Ballerina", "Hula Hoop", and "Perfect Prom".
Also available as part of the toy line was Maxie's boyfriend, "Rob", and her best friends, blonde "Carly", redhead "Ashley", and African American "Kristen" (later renamed "Simone" in keeping with the television series). Accessories for Maxie included her horse, Tiffany, a sailboat play set, a locker and shower play set, a Surf Watchin' lifeguard play set, and a hot tub and patio play set, as well as "Fancy Face" makeup for her and "Mix 'n Match" and "Cool 'n Classy" fashion lines. Additional merchandise included Maxie paper dolls, coloring books and lunch boxes.
In 1989, Mattel answered Maxie with the introduction of Barbie's teenage cousin, Jazzie, her boyfriend, Dude, and her friends, Chelsie and Stacie. Similar to Mattel's introduction of Barbie and the Rockers which was credited, in part, for the demise of Jem and the Holograms, the introduction of Jazzie was described as delivering the "coup de grâce" to Maxie and, in January 1990, Hasbro announced it was discontinuing the Maxie toy line.

</doc>
<doc id="6920262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920262" title="Edna Lee Booker">
Edna Lee Booker

Edna Lee Booker Potter (October 4, 1897 – October 27, 1994) was an American journalist who authored several books about China during the 1930s and 1940s.
Biography.
Born in Danville, Virginia, she later moved to California, where she worked at the "Los Angeles Herald" and the "San Francisco Call-Bulletin". 
She arrived in Shanghai in 1919 as foreign correspondent for the International News Service of New York City and as, in her own words, a "girl reporter" for the "China Press", then the leading American daily in China. She became the first foreign woman correspondent to interview Chinese warlords Zhang Zuolin and Wu Peifu.
In 1923, Booker married businessman John Stauffer Potter in Shanghai, where he was director of the Bank of China after the Second World War. They were living in Shanghai in 1937, when Imperial Japan invaded and occupied China. Just days before the relocation of citizens to Japanese internment camps, Booker Potter and her children fled to the United States. However, her husband was interned for years.
She and her husband had a son, John Jr., and a daughter, Patricia. In 1947, her daughter married the son of newspaper magnate Henry Luce. She later wrote a memoir of the family's China years entitled "Tea On The Great Wall", published in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="6920264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920264" title="Bosna (region)">
Bosna (region)



</doc>
<doc id="6920270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920270" title="Bosnian rulers">
Bosnian rulers



</doc>
<doc id="6920271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920271" title="Visoko during middle ages">
Visoko during middle ages



</doc>
<doc id="6920272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920272" title="Van Horne">
Van Horne

Van Horne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6920283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920283" title="Starships of EVE Online">
Starships of EVE Online



</doc>
<doc id="6920284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920284" title="Leijongate">
Leijongate



</doc>
<doc id="6920286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920286" title="Cajamarquilla">
Cajamarquilla

The Cajamarquilla archaeological site is located 25 km inland from the coastal city of Lima, Peru; in the Jicamarca Valley, 6 km north of the Rímac River. It occupies an area of approximately 167 ha, making it one of the largest archaeological monuments in the country. The site itself is now surrounded by several small villages which are encroaching upon, and threatening, its largely unfenced perimeter - despite its nationally 'protected' status.
Cajamarquilla is an 'adobe' city, which served as an important trading center during the height of the Lima culture. It was occupied throughout the first millennium of the current era, but climate change and natural disasters (e.g. earthquakes) eventually led to its abandonment several hundred years before the Spanish conquest. Situated in a then fertile valley on a major trade route between the 'altiplano' region of the high Andes and the coastal communities of the Pacific coast, Cajamarquilla became a sophisticated center for culture, religion, and commerce. At the site, it is possible to observe the remains of temple-pyramids, wide streets, ceremonial squares, cemeteries, underground grain silos, canals, and numerous other enclosures and buildings; many of unidentified use — all constructed using 'tapial' methods (i.e. mud brick and plaster).
A mummy that is approximately 800 years old that is believed to be of pre inca cultures was found on the site in November 2021 by a team of archeologists of the National University of San Marcos. Researchers reported that the mummy was tied with strings, covering his face with his hands, so they assumed it was a southern Peruvian funeral custom. In February 2022, archaeologists announced the discovery of six mummified children thought to have been sacrificed, probably to accompany a dead elite man to the afterlife. According to archaeologist Pieter Van Dalen, 1,000-1,200 years old mummies were probably relatives and placed one above the other in different parts of the tomb.

</doc>
<doc id="6920292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920292" title="Watching the Detectives (film)">
Watching the Detectives (film)

Watching the Detectives is a 2007 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Paul Soter. The film stars Cillian Murphy as the film geek owner of an independent video rental store whose life is turned upside down when a femme fatale (Lucy Liu) comes into his life.
The film had its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on May 1, 2007, and was released on DVD in the United States on August 12, 2008.
Plot.
Neil Lewis is the owner of the video store, Gumshoe Video. He premieres a new, film noir-inspired commercial for Gumshoe Video. His girlfriend Denise, who appears in the commercial, does not attend the celebration. The next day, Neil meets Denise at a restaurant, but before he goes to the table, he pranks her by having a waiter spill a glass of water on her. Unamused by the prank, she tells him he needs to get his life together. He casually breaks up with her.
Back at Gumshoe Video, Neil is watching a film with his friend and employee Jonathan, when femme fatale Violet makes her entrance. Violet has no identification or credit card for her rental deposit, so she persuades him to take 50 dollars in cash, which he puts in an envelope under his antique cash register. When she returns, she steals back the deposit, making him think he lost it, but she says he can take her out for a $50 dinner to make it up to her.
At the date, Violet arrives first and feigns intoxication. When Neil does not try to take advantage of the situation, she reveals her joke and they proceed with dinner. At her urging, they go to a Media Giant store – his corporate competitor – and prank the employees by switching DVDs into the wrong cases after the store closes. The police arrive, and they knock over some displays while fleeing. After evading the police, they hide behind a fence and Violet suggests they separate. While standing on opposite sides, they share a kiss through a hole.
The next day, they spy on Media Giant and see an employee talking to a police officer. Later, police detectives drop by Gumshoe Video to question Neil about the Media Giant break-in, terrifying Neil. Violet appears and laughs at Neil with the cops, revealing that the whole ordeal was a prank and that the cops were actually her friends. A flummoxed Neil secretly trails Violet back to her house, where they end up in bed. The following morning, they go for a romantic swim.
Sometime later, Neil is leaving to meet Violet at the park when he runs into friends who beg to come along and meet Violet. She feeds them another party's picnic meal and leaves them to answer for it. Neil tries to make their next date quieter, by watching a basketball game, but a bored Violet then does not want to stay the night and departs. Later, he goes to see a band play at Jonathan's bar and spots Violet flirting with a musician. Jealous, he stages a rock guitar scene for her on their next date. After they have sex, she reveals that she just staged the club scene. She tells him about all the musicians she has dated, including a bald, Polish, avant-garde musician called the Bald Giant who stalks her from city to city. Paranoid, Neil imagines that every bald white man he sees is the stalker until Violet stages a scene where she has been tied to a chair by the Bald Giant, who turns out to be her friend Denis. Frustrated by Violet's tomfoolery, Neil breaks up with her.
Neil runs into Denise and realizes that he treated her somewhat like Violet has treated him, and that he misses Violet and the excitement she created. So when she calls and tells him to come to her workplace, he does. She tricks him into stealing money from her job at an illegal casino, with Neil thinking it is another one of her fake scenes. He is shot at and chased. Neil is exhilarated by the crime, but Violet takes the money and lets him know he has been used. Neil mourns another breakup, but Violet returns to say that the breakup was a joke, too. Neil is initially infuriated, but Violet convinces him that his life is more interesting and adventurous with her in it. They make up and drive off to Graceland in the new car Violet bought with some of money from the robbery.
Production.
This film marks comedian Paul Soter's directorial debut. Soter and his fellow Broken Lizard troupe members Eric Stolhanske and Steve Lemme have cameos in the film.
Release.
"Watching the Detectives" made its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on May 1, 2007. The film was originally planned to be released theatrically by Peace Arch Entertainment in North America in early 2008, to coincide with Valentine's Day. Instead, it was released in the United States on DVD on August 12, 2008. The film was first released on DVD in Poland on February 20, 2008, under the title "Uwaga Violet".

</doc>
<doc id="6920296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920296" title="Kwon Sang woo">
Kwon Sang woo



</doc>
<doc id="6920297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920297" title="Charles Sims (painter)">
Charles Sims (painter)

Charles Henry Sims (28 January 1873, Islington–13 April 1928, St. Boswells) was a British figurative painter known for his portraits and landscapes. He initially became renowned as a leading Edwardian painter, but following the death of his son in World War I, his work became increasingly idiosyncratic, surreal and controversial. In 1920, he was appointed Keeper, or head, of the Royal Academy Schools, a post he was eventually forced to resign in 1926. At the same time, he became estranged from his wife and children. Sims' final paintings, the "Spiritual Ideas", were to some viewers his "most beautiful works," but to others highly disturbing. He committed suicide in 1928.
Education and early career.
Born in Islington, London, Sims was the son of a costume manufacturer. An injury in infancy threatened his life and resulted in lifelong lameness in one leg. His earliest memories were of painful physiotherapy, and as a child he was unable to fully participate in physical activities. This disability was to have a profound influence on his work as an artist. As his son and biographer Alan Sims writes, "His lameness…remained always a considerable burden," and "had much to do with the peculiar direction of his art towards playful subjects and athletic technique," so that "the most notable characteristics" included "a prepossession with the swift movement of flawless bodies bathed in sunlight and air" and "a determination to escape from the actual confines of physical life into a region of his own fancy.…The charm of his happiest pictures is heightened by this pathos."
Initially apprenticed in the drapery business, at age 14 he was sent to Paris, where he learned French. Turning his back on a mercantile career, he decided to study art, and in 1890 enrolled at the South Kensington College of Art before moving back to Paris for two years at the Académie Julian. In the need of bursaries to support himself, he moved back to London and enrolled at the Royal Academy Schools in 1893, but "his Parisian insolence and cavalier ways alienated the authorities, and in 1895 he was unceremoniously expelled."
Despite the expulsion, Sims "had gained the confidence to start painting bacchanalian scenes of revelry, executed with astonishing flair," including "The Vine" in 1896, his first painting to be exhibited at the Royal Academy. In 1897 he exhibited "Childhood", which "established his mastery of the effects of sunlight"; it was shown at the Paris Salon of 1900 and purchased by the French State (it is now at the Musée d'Orsay). He specialized in neo-classical fantasies, typically idealized scenes of women and children (and sometimes fairies and fauns) in outdoor settings. He also found success as a painter of society portraits.
In 1897, he married Agnes, a daughter of the painter John MacWhirter. She and their children, sometimes captured in photographs, would become frequent models and subjects in his paintings.
In 1906, a one-man show at the Leicester Galleries brought him critical and financial success, allowing him to relocate to rural Fittleworth and then Lodsworth, both villages near Petworth, West Sussex.
In 1907 he painted "An Island Festival", "possibly his masterpiece." In 1910, "The Art Journal" declared him "The very Ariel of the Academy…This is the art which Keats imagined in his 'Ode on a Grecian Urn,' 'For ever panting and for ever young.'"
In 1910 he was elected a fellow of the Royal Watercolour Society, and in 1915 to the Royal Academy.
The "breezy, sunny, outdoor subjects" for which he became known were partly inspired by holidays in Arran in Scotland and later at Bruges in Belgium and at Étaples in France, where there was an international artists' colony. In 1921, art critic P.G. Konody reflected on Sims' body of joyous paintings:
"The New York Times" found in Sims' works "an individuality incapable of dullness or heaviness," and "an unquenchable sprit."
The First World War.
The First World War was a deeply traumatic experience for Sims. His eldest son, John, serving as a midshipman in the Royal Navy, was killed in November 1914, in the loss of HMS "Bulwark", a blow that caused Sims in 1915 to add to his idyllic work "Clio and the Children", staining the scroll of the Muse of History with red paint to represent blood. "Sims believed that the War had violated the innocence of future generations. He felt that History could no longer be personified as a beautiful goddess passing on wisdom but that she had more violent lessons to teach." Sims's son is among the missing commemorated on the Portsmouth Naval Memorial.
In February 1917, Sims exhibited a suite of austere, idiosyncratic, deliberately archaic paintings depicting "The Seven Sacraments of the Holy Church". According to his son Alan, "Nobody knew what to make of them." Their present location is unknown, and they are today the least-known of his works.
In 1918, he traveled to France as an official war artist, painting a series of devastated landscapes. He also painted works memorializing the war dead, using the imagery of the Crucifixion. In "Greater Love Hath No Man" (1916), his own son appears on a cross, with members of the family below. Another crucifixion on a much larger scale and with panoramic details, with Christ on the cross, became Sims' contribution to the Canadian War Museum, "Sacrifice" (1919).
In 1920 Sims was commissioned to decorate the ceiling of the Institute of Civil Engineers in Great George Street, Westminster, and the result was a more conventional but still "highly inventive" paean to the war effort, wherein "a figure of Victory swoops down, surrounded by a billowing Union Jack and holding the victor's laurels, although it also serves as a wreath for the dead. At the edges people crane their necks to peer upwards…and a biplane, emblem of modernity, crosses the composition." Victory wears a hood and most of her face cannot be seen.
Professional controversies, personal upheavals.
In the last decade of his life, Sims' work became increasingly controversial.
In 2019, a surviving version of the painting, on loan from The Box, Plymouth, was put on display in the Member's Dining Room in the Palace of Westminster to mark the centenary of Astor taking her seat.
In 1920, Sims was appointed Keeper, or head, of the Royal Academy Schools, an ironic achievement for a man who had himself been expelled as a student. The position included a residence in Burlington House, and "placed him at the very heart of the organisation, as the guardian of future generations of painters rigorously drilled in the traditional methods of drawing and composition."
A surviving, smaller version of Sims' portrait of George V is kept at the Scottish National Portrait Gallery.
In 1925, Sims was commissioned to contribute to "The Building of Britain," a series of historical paintings by various artists in St. Stephen's Hall of the Palace of Westminster in London. Unveiled in 1927, "King John assents to Magna Carta" attracted criticism from the press, Members of Parliament and other artists for its idiosyncrasy.
Added to these professional tribulations and lingering grief for his son was upheaval in Sims' personal life. His biographer H. Cecilia Holmes suggests that Sims took as his mistress Vivienne Jeudwine, whose portrait with her son (possibly by Sims) he exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1924. Another portrait of Jeudwine by Sims, undated, is unabashedly intimate. His affair with Jeudwine eventually ended, but Sims was irreconcilably estranged from his wife, Agnes. When he vacated the Keeper's residence at Burlington House in June, 1926, "he did not return to his wife and children—by this stage his marriage was dead in all but name—but embarked upon a series of foreign trips and long-term spells as a guest in the homes of friends."
The "Spiritual Ideas" and subsequent suicide.
Abandoning portraiture and representational painting altogether, Sims embarked on the final phase of his creative career, which resulted in a series of paintings that would be termed the "Spiritual Ideas". They depict visually smeared and abstracted maelstroms of cosmic energy in which naked and contorted figures are overwhelmed by gigantic, personified forces; their enigmatic content and Sims' apparent turn to a modernist style startled and confused the artistic establishment. Critics likened the paintings to the works of El Greco, William Blake, Wassily Kandinsky, and the Italian Futurists.
In private letters from March 1928, Sims wrote of his "acute mental distress," saying that "something has happened far away, something that I need have no shame in telling you one day"; it is believed he was referring to his estrangement from his wife, which further isolated him as he was grieving the loss of his son. On 13 April 1928, weeks before a Royal Academy exhibition including six of Sims' "Spiritual Ideas" was to open on 7 May, he committed suicide by drowning in the River Tweed near St. Boswells, Scotland, jumping from the Leaderfoot Viaduct with stones in his pockets.
Contemporary viewers of the exhibition were concerned about the content of the paintings, especially with regard to Sims' mental health and subsequent suicide, and saw critical reception of the exhibition as insensitive. The RA president, Sir Frank Dicksee, who had previously overseen the destruction of Sims' portrait of George V, said the paintings were "in marked contrast to all his previous work," indicating "a violent change of mentality."
Ultimately, to address the public's curiosity, all six of the exhibited "Spiritual Ideas" were illustrated in colour in the popular press; a headline in the "New York Times" declared "Suicide's Pictures Make London Gasp." Months later, when four of the "Spiritual Ideas" were shown in the United States as part of the annual Carnegie International, they "were unquestionably the profound sensation of that exhibition."
Sims' state of mind was addressed by Frank Rutter, critic of "The Sunday Times": "A man who has been suffering from continued insomnia may well not be responsible for his actions, but he is not necessarily insane. To suggest that there are traces of mania in these last and most beautiful works from his brush betrays a lamentable lack of understanding, and is an undeserved slight on the memory of a sweet and reasonable painter."
Sims himself, in a posthumously published essay, reflected on the "Spiritual Ideas":
Alan Sims wrote of his father's suicide: "He himself followed out his Epicureanism to its logical conclusion, and ceased to live when he ceased to believe in future happiness."
Legacy.
In 1933, the Royal Academy presented a Commemorative Exhibition of Works by Late Members, which included over 80 works by Sims, a veritable retrospective of his career. The da Vinci expert Edward McCurdy wrote:
1934 saw the posthumous publication of Sims' "Picture Making: Technique &amp; Inspiration", a book "rich in insights into the theory and practice of painting." The illustrated volume also included Sims' notes on his own paintings and passages from his private journals, and a lengthy critical survey of his life and work by his son Alan Sims, making it an invaluable resource for researchers and art historians.
The early paintings that established his career, like "Childhood", "showed a whimsicality fashionable in Edwardian London but ultimately detrimental to a late-twentieth-century revival of interest in his work." Nonetheless, many of his most important works remain in museum collections, and whatever the fate of his reputation, the paintings themselves were made to last. Alan Sims asserts that his father, beginning around 1909, painstakingly researched and developed a "method of painting in tempera with an oil finish" that was 
Since 2005, three doctoral theses have dealt at length with Sims and his paintings. H. Cecilia Holmes' ""A bright memory to remain": The Life and Works of Charles Sims RA (1873-1928)", by delving into the archive of Sims' letters, diaries, and photographs at Northumbria University, creates a very human portrait of the artist. Holmes was the first scholar to suggest a connection between the remarriage of Vivienne Jeudwine and Sims' decision to commit suicide.
For almost a century, Sims' legacy has been dogged by rumors of insanity. The catalogue for the 1989 exhibit "The Last Romantics" at the Barbican Art Gallery (which included four works by Sims) repeated the notion that his final paintings were "apparently the product of a seriously disturbed mind." The initial inclusion of Sims' work in the collection of the Bethlem Museum of the Mind was apparently due to "a belief that Sims was suffering from serious mental disorder." And in the 21st century, one gallery specializing in Outsider art has gone so far as to suggest, with no supporting evidence, that Sims had schizophrenia. Ultimately, as the Bethlem acknowledges,
Alan Sims wrote that his father's series of Spiritual Ideas was both "the greatest and last work of his life."
In 1929, when the Cleveland Museum of Art acquired Sims' "Here Am I", museum curator William Mathewson Milliken wrote:
In 1965, the Cleveland Museum of Art deaccessioned "Here Am I". The present location of the painting is unknown.
Cultural references.
A reference to Charles Sims and his work is made in Robert Aickman's story "Ravissante," where his paintings are described: "apparently confused on the surface, even demented, they made one doubt while one continued to gaze, whether the painter had not in truth broken through to a deep and terrible order."
At auction.
An auction record for a work by Charles Sims was set by "In Elysium", auctioned for £36,000 at Sotheby's London in 2006, then equivalent to $66,212.

</doc>
<doc id="6920298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920298" title="U.S. Renditions">
U.S. Renditions

U.S. Renditions was a Special Projects Division of Books Nippan (which was the American branch of Nippon Shuppan Hanbai) and one of the pioneers of anime home video distribution in North America. 
The company also had a label called Dark Image Entertainment, which was geared for mature audiences. Titles under Dark Image Entertainment included "Ambassador Magma", "Devilman" and "Guyver: Out of Control".
History.
The division was founded in February 1987 by Kevin Seymour, David Keith Riddick, Sho Nagata and Satoshi Komatsu. Robert Napton later joined the division and became a key figure in its productions.
After producing two music projects for the "Robotech" television series, U.S. Renditions produced the very first subtitled direct-to-home anime video for the American anime market. In March 1990, they began a release of a subtitled version of "Gunbuster", followed in the same month by "Dangaioh". They also released such subtitled hits as "Appleseed" and "Black Magic M-66", and even began dubbing anime in 1992, the year their release of "Dangaioh" was completed. Their first dubbing projects included "", "Giant Robo" and "Fight! Iczer-One". These video projects were a joint venture with L.A. Hero, which was headed by Ken Iyadomi. U.S. Renditions also worked with U.S. Manga Corps on a select number of titles.
U.S. Renditions had a deal with Manga Entertainment's UK Division to distribute selected anime titles and have them dubbed in-house, before Island Records established Manga's North American operations via its acquisition of L.A. Hero in 1994.
When Books Nippan ceased operations in the mid-1990s, U.S. Renditions was dissolved. Books Nippan's animation division was later acquired by Digital Manga. Kevin Seymour went on to become a successful anime English voice director and co-founded Animaze. Robert Napton became the director of Bandai U.S.A.'s manga division. Ken Iyadomi went on to produce/co-produce domestic releases by Manga Entertainment and Bandai Entertainment. Although some of their releases have seen re-release through Bandai Visual USA (which subsequently merged with Bandai Entertainment), Manga Entertainment and Media Blasters, other titles such as the original uncut subtitled version of "Dangaioh", "Ambassador Magma" and "Guyver: Out of Control" were never re-released and have remained out of print on home video.

</doc>
<doc id="6920299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920299" title="Presto Ballet">
Presto Ballet

Presto Ballet is a progressive rock band founded by Metal Church guitarist Kurdt Vanderhoof. Their sound is highly reminiscent of 1970s prog rock, as the band was founded chiefly as a tribute to classic progressive bands such as Yes and Kansas.
History.
Presto Ballet's debut album "Peace Among the Ruins" was released in 2005 to general praise. Critics commented on the album's warm and organic sound, a feeling created through the use of analogue recorders and vintage instruments. The band used no drum machines, digital recorders or sequencers in the studio.
"The Lost Art of Time Travel" was released on ProgRock Records in June 2008, featuring a revamped lineup.
Presto Ballet's third album, "Invisible Places", was released on February 4, 2011, through SAOL / H'Art / Zebralution. On this release, founder Kurdt Vanderhoof was joined by fellow Metal Church alum Ronny Munroe on vocals, keyboardist Kerry Shacklett (Craig Chaquico), and bassist Bobby Ferkovich (Pamela Moore, ex-Heir Apparent). Drums on the new album were handled by session man Henry Ellwood.
2011 also saw the self-release of the EP "Love What You've Done to the Place" with the same line-up. Drums were again done by Henry Ellwood, even though Jeffrey McCormack was credited on the album.
In 2012, the band released "Relic of the Modern World" on Body of Work Recordings. Line-up changes for this record included Chuck Campbell joining the band and replacing Ronny Munroe on vocals, and Larry Crowe played drums on the recording. Prior to the playing shows in support of the record, Charlie Lorme joined as the permanent drummer, completing what has been the most stable line-up in the band's history.
Eventually the band was picked up by Metal Church's label Rat Pak Records, and released "The Days Between" on December 14, 2018. The line-up remained intact for this record, which the band feels is their strongest effort yet.

</doc>
<doc id="6920301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920301" title="Thomas Axworthy">
Thomas Axworthy



</doc>
<doc id="6920304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920304" title="Sang-woo Kwon">
Sang-woo Kwon



</doc>
<doc id="6920307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920307" title="Sri Jayewardenapura-Kotte">
Sri Jayewardenapura-Kotte



</doc>
<doc id="6920316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920316" title="Appleseed (1988 OVA)">
Appleseed (1988 OVA)



</doc>
<doc id="6920319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920319" title="Kwon Sang-wu">
Kwon Sang-wu



</doc>
<doc id="6920320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920320" title="Survival Tobita">
Survival Tobita

, better known as , is a Japanese professional wrestler who owns and wrestles for the Saitama Pro Wrestling Company (SPWC).
Career.
Survival Tobita started as a jobber for Pro Wrestling Crusaders (PWC). Since its collapse, he has wrestled for various companies in Japan and Mexico including Michinoku Pro Wrestling, Onita Pro, Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling (FMW), Dramatic Dream Team (DDT), and Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL). He is also the owner of the Saitama Pro Wrestling Company (SPWC). Survival Tobita's most known matches in SPWC are hardcore matches, usually on mats, against various monsters from around the universe (usually portrayed by Naoshi Sano). Tobita often sits down after his match and cuts long promos while the fans leave their seats and exit the building.
Tobita's most famous matches were against Mokujin Ken, also known as Ken The Box. Ken was a tree-like figure based on the character Mokujin from the Tekken video game series. Owing to Ken's super human strengths, all of their bouts were basically squashes with Ken easily winning in minutes via knockout.

</doc>
<doc id="6920336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920336" title="Kwone Sang-woo">
Kwone Sang-woo



</doc>
<doc id="6920338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920338" title="Fight! Iczer-One">
Fight! Iczer-One



</doc>
<doc id="6920342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920342" title="Kwon Sang-Woo">
Kwon Sang-Woo



</doc>
<doc id="6920352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920352" title="Zoran Stankovic">
Zoran Stankovic



</doc>
<doc id="6920358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920358" title="Bluej">
Bluej



</doc>
<doc id="6920385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920385" title="Camp Refoogee">
Camp Refoogee



</doc>
<doc id="6920401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920401" title="Portuguese dinheiro">
Portuguese dinheiro

The dinheiro was the currency of Portugal from around the late 12th century until approximately 1502. For accounting purposes, twelve dinheiros equalled one "soldo" and twenty soldos equal one "libra" (pound). The basis of the monetary system was that of the Roman Empire (denarii, solidi, librae).
The first Portuguese coins were issued by the first king, Afonso I. Some time after 1179, he ordered the issue of coins in denominations of half a dinheiro (called a "mealha") and one dinheiro. They were copied from the Spanish dinero and were consequently minted in billon. These circulated alongside Byzantine siliquae and Moorish dirhem and dinar.
Around 1200, Sancho I also introduced the gold "morabitino" (from the Muslim maravedi), worth 15 soldos. A century later, in the reign of King Denis, the silver "tornês" was introduced, worth soldos.
In 1380, King Ferdinand I introduced several new coins. There were gold "dobra", worth 6 libras, silver "real" worth 10 soldos and various billon denominations, some of whose names related to war equipment used by the French who helped Portugal in the war against Castile, such as the "pilarte" worth seven dinheiros.
During the reign of King João I, a new real was introduced, known either as the "real of libras" or the "real branco". With a value of 70 soldos, this was to become the unit of account by the beginning of the reign of João I's successor (King Duarte I) in 1433.
Note that in modern Portuguese, the word "dinheiro" means "money".

</doc>
<doc id="6920403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920403" title="Wolf Island">
Wolf Island

Wolf Island () is a small island in the northern Galápagos Islands. It has an area of and a maximum altitude of above sea level. The island is remote from the main archipelago and has no permanent population. The Galápagos National Park does not allow landing on the island; however, it is a popular diving location. 
Names.
Wolf is named in honor of the German geologist Theodor Wolf (), who published several important works on the geography and geology of the Galapagos Islands and mainland Ecuador. He is also the namesake of Wolf Volcano on Isabela Island. 
In English, the island was previously named Lord Wenman's Island or Wenman Island in honor of Philip Wenman, 3rd Viscount Wenman. The name was bestowed by the English pirate William Ambrosia Cowley in 1684 and used for centuries thereafter.
The group formed by Wolf and nearby Darwin Island is now known as Darwin and Wolf, Darwin–Wolf, or Darwin-Wolf. It was previously known in English as Culpepper and Wenman and in Spanish as Los Hermanos ("The Brothers") or los Dos Hermanos ("the Two Brothers").
Geology.
Wolf Island is the remains of an extinct volcano that reaches a maximum above sea level, it is situated north west of the main Galápagos Island group on the Wolf-Darwin Lineament that extends from the Galápagos Platform to the Galápagos Spreading Center, a mid ocean ridge separating the Nazca and Cocos tectonic plates. Like its near neighbor Darwin Island, Wolf is upstream of the magma plume, in terms of plate movement, that forms the main Galápagos Islands and does not fit in with the formation of those islands. There are currently two theories on the formation of the lineament and therefore Wolf island: the first is that magma rising from the mantle plume forming the main Galápagos Islands has been channelled towards the Galápagos Spreading Center; alternatively there has been a separate rise in magma caused by stress in the ocean lithosphere by a transform fault.
Wolf Island is the southerly island on the lineament. The volcano that formed Wolf Island is now extinct with last eruptions believed to have been 900,000–1,600,000 years ago, meaning the last eruptions occurred before the last eruptions on Darwin Island. The volcanic history of Wolf is complex, with at least two major eruptive phases. The southern area of the island is formed from flat basalt layers from two eruptive phases, the second of which formed a caldera that has now eroded. The lavas formed have been plagioclase ultraphyric basalts with large 4 cm crystals. This chemical makeup is similar to those found in lavas from the northern Galápagos Islands. The extent of the ultraphyric flows make up an unusually large percentage of the volume. There is large variation in the composition of the lavas between eruptive phases, with later flows being depleted.
Wildlife.
Wolf Island is part of the Galápagos National Park; however, it is not accessible to land visits. Like its neighbor Darwin, it is open to visits by scuba divers. The marine life of Wolf Island includes: schooling hammerhead, Galápagos and occasionally whale sharks, as well as green turtles, manta rays and other pelagic fish.
Birdlife on the island is abundant with frigatebirds, red-footed boobies, and vampire finches.

</doc>
<doc id="6920405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920405" title="Taraki Sivaram">
Taraki Sivaram

Taraki Sivaram or Dharmeratnam Sivaram (11 August 1959 – 28 April 2005) was a popular Tamil journalist of Sri Lanka. He was kidnapped by four men in a white van on 28 April 2005, in front of the Bambalapitya police station. His body was found the next day in the district of Himbulala, near the Parliament of Sri Lanka. He had been beaten and shot in the head.
Biography.
Sivaram, the well-known and controversial political analyst and a senior editor for Tamilnet.com, was born on 11 August 1959 in Batticaloa, Sri Lanka, to a prominent local family with significant land holdings and political connections near the village of Akkaraipattu. He was educated at St. Michael's College National School, and later at Pembroke and Aquinas Colleges in Colombo. He was accepted into the University of Peradeniya in 1982 but soon dropped out due to tensions associated with the first phases of Sri Lanka civil war in 1983 (see Black July pogrom).
On 8 September 1988 he married Herly Yogaranjini Poopalapillai of Batticaloa. They eventually had three children: Vaishnavi, Vaitheki, and Seralaathan.
Political activity.
In 1982 Sivaram joined the Gandhian Movement, then a front organisation for the People's Liberation Organisation of Tamil Eelam (PLOTE), one of the many Tamil organisations. Soon after Sri Lanka's ethnic conflict erupted into civil war in 1983, Sivaram, under the alias "SR", became a PLOTE militant. In 1988, a year after the Indo-Lankan accord was signed, Uma Maheswaran, PLOTE's leader, appointed Sivaram General Secretary of the Democratic People's Liberation Front (DPLF), the organisation's registered political party. Sivaram left PLOTE in 1989, after disagreeing with Maheswaran's attempts to establish firmer relations with the Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna (JVP) and because of the group's involvement in an abortive coup in the Maldives.
His career as a journalist.
In 1988 with the encouragement of fellow journalist, activist and actor Richard De Zoysa he became a reporter for the UN-funded Inter Press Service (IPS), for whom De Zoysa was a correspondent. In 1989, when "The Island" newspaper needed a political analyst, De Zoysa suggested Sivaram's name. "The Island" editor, Gamini Weerakon, proposed "tharaka" or "star" in Sinhalese as Sivaram's pen name but a sub-editor accidentally printed "Taraki" instead, giving birth to Sivaram's pen name. In 1990 Sivaram helped identify Richard De Zoysa's body after De Zoysa was abducted from his home and killed.
Popularity.
Taraki's articles reflected his personal style combined with accurate and inside information, explaining military, political, strategic and tactical aspects of all sides in Sri Lanka's complex conflict. Moreover, his reading in military science and political philosophy benefited his literacy greatly.
By the early 1990s, Sivaram's Taraki column had become a must read for many interested in Sri Lanka. As a freelance journalist, Sivaram eventually wrote for many newspapers including "The Island", "The Sunday Times", "Tamil Times" of London, "The Daily Mirror", and the Tamil newspaper "Virakesari". In 1997, Sivaram helped Tamilnet.com reorganise itself into a Tamil news agency with its own string of reporters, and remained a senior editor there until his death. He filed his last story for Tamilnet.com at 7:30 PM on the night he was murdered.
Collaboration with academics.
Due to his grasp of Tamil politics and literature and Sri Lanka's complex history, he was able to collaborate with many academics. Hence, Sivaram collaborated with historians, political scientists, anthropologists, policy experts, and geographers from many of Sri Lanka's universities and think tanks, as well as with foreign and foreign-based scholars from (among other schools around the world) the University of Colorado, the University of South Carolina, and Clark University. His most prominent collaborators were Professor Mark Whitaker, an anthropologist with the University of South Carolina, and Dr. Jude Fernando of Clark University.
Involvement with NGOs.
In the mid-1990s many governments and human rights non-governmental organisations (NGOs) collaborated with Sivaram for advice on local political and military matters. He widely travelled in Europe, Asia, and North America and equally well known to governments, the diplomatic community, and human rights activists. He was killed just ahead of a scheduled trip to Japan to consult with the Japanese government regarding the then current peace process.
Threat to his life.
When Sivaram started receiving death threats, he was requested by his friends and colleagues to move himself and his family out of Sri Lanka. He always refused to leave.
"Where else should I die but here?" he often declared. Yet in 2004 the police twice searched Sivaram's home, and various groups political parties such as the Jathika Hela Urumaya and Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna in Sri Lanka publicly threatened him as a Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) activist and a terrorist sympathiser.
International reaction.
After his death was reported, governments such as Japan, and international organisations such as Reporters Without Borders and UNESCO officials publicly condemned his murder and requested the government of Sri Lanka to investigate the murder.
Accusations and investigation.
The LTTE accused the government in complicity of his murder. Prior to his murder state owned media outlets since 2001 have accused him of being an LTTE spy, leading to the conclusion by some that his death was officially sanctioned (see State terrorism in Sri Lanka). One year later a Tamil man belonging to the PLOTE organisation was apprehended but eyewitnesses refused to identify him as one of the kidnappers. No more activity regarding the government investigation is available.
Reporters Without Borders, a pres freedom organisation, said "The Sri Lankan authorities have regrettably demonstrated a complete lack of will to solve cases of murders and physical attacks against journalists."
Controversy.
Sivaram was also accused by human rights activists such as Rajan Hoole who was critical of Sivaram's role as the Tamilnet.com's editor, that he was involved in the murder of two PLOTE dissidents during his days as a Tamil militant. This report was denied by fellow journalist David Jeyaraj from Canada. However, some activists and writers associated with former PLOTE dissidents have disagreed with Jeyaraj's conclusions.
Jeyaraj wrote that Karuna, an LTTE splinter group leader and a member of a government aligned political-military organisation was personally involved in the murder of Sivaram. Karuna has denied this allegation categorically and blamed the LTTE leadership for his murder in addition to those of Lakshman Kadirgamar and Kumar Ponnambalam. After the arrest of one suspect, the investigation was abandoned.
Legacy.
Sivaram following his death, became a cause célèbre for Tamil activists and journalists worldwide. He is revered for his work which focused not just the plight of the Eelam Tamils but helping oppressed people all over the world empower themselves and get out from oppression. His colleague Dr. Jude Fernando, of Clark University, was quoted saying:
Eelam poet Kaasi Ananthan mentioned him as a neutral journalist who was not driven by racial emotions. He was posthumously honored as Maamanithar, the highest civilian honor in the former state of Tamil Eelam by LTTE Leader Velupillai Prabhakaran.
In 2015, the 10th anniversary of his death was observed, in various parts of Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka. Also a documentary film on Taraki's work was released on the World Press Freedom Day at the Chennai Press Club, Chennai.

</doc>
<doc id="6920407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920407" title="Startime International">
Startime International

Startime International was a New York City-based record label founded by Isaac Green, active between 2000 and 2017. It was owned by Sony Music Entertainment and distributed by Columbia Records. Its roster included Foster the People, Coin, Natalie Prass, Bully, The Walkmen, Lewis Del Mar, and The Big Moon.
History.
Green moved to Brooklyn and started the label out of his apartment, armed with one band: French Kicks. Startime's first release was the Kicks' EP "Young Lawyer" in late 2000. This was soon followed by releases by Brendan Benson, The Walkmen, and The Natural History.
In 2003, the label released a compilation album, "StarTime International Presents: Super-Cuts". Beginning around 2005, the label became a subsidiary of Columbia Records Group. It became inactive following the release of COIN's 2017 sophomore album, "How Will You Know If You Never Try".
The label's biggest commercial and critical successes included The Walkmen's "Everyone Who Pretended To Like Me Is Gone" (2002), Peter Bjorn and John's "Writer's Block" (U.S. release, 2009), and Foster the People's "Torches" (2011). 

</doc>
<doc id="6920411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920411" title="Drone Antisubmarine Helicopter">
Drone Antisubmarine Helicopter



</doc>
<doc id="6920412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920412" title="UK Open">
UK Open

The Ladbrokes UK Open is a ranking major darts tournament held annually at the Butlins Minehead Resort by the Professional Darts Corporation (PDC) in England. The event is often referred to as the "FA Cup of darts" as it has an unseeded open draw made after each round, and entry is open to players at all levels of darts. One-hundred-and-sixty players compete in the multi-board event over eight-stages before the PDC’s Top 32 enter the tournament in the fourth round. The tournament has a prize fund of £600,000; the victor’s prize is £110,000.
History.
From 2003 to 2013, the UK Open took place in June each year at the Reebok Stadium, in Bolton. In 2014, it moved to Butlin's Minehead taking place in early March. Phil Taylor beat Shayne Burgess in the inaugural final. Dutchman Raymond van Barneveld won the tournament in 2006, in his first appearance in a PDC ranking event. He knocked out 13-times World Champion Phil Taylor 11–10 en route to the final where he beat Barrie Bates 13–7. He also successfully defended the title in 2007, again beating Taylor en route.
As the event has amateur and semi-professional qualifiers, it has produced some upset results over the years. In 2014, Aden Kirk, playing in his first televised match, beat defending and five-time champion Phil Taylor 9–7 in the third round. Kirk then beat Peter Wright 9–5 in the next round. In 2016, Rileys amateur qualifier Barry Lynn recorded a 9–3 win over reigning world champion Gary Anderson and reached the quarter-finals. A year later, Anderson lost to another Rileys qualifier, Paul Hogan, who followed up by beating Adrian Lewis in the next round.
Taylor achieved the perfect nine-dart finish four times (2004, 2005, 2007 &amp; 2008). Mervyn King (2010), Gary Anderson (2012), Wes Newton (2013), Michael van Gerwen (2016 &amp; 2020), Jonny Clayton (2020), Sebastian Białecki (2021), Jitse van der Wal (2021), José Justicia (2022), James Wade (2022) and Michael Smith (2022) have also achieved a nine-dart leg (although Newton's, Białecki’s, van der Wal’s and Justicia's were not televised live, while Clayton's and Smith's were only live on the PDC website). The tournament had a different runner-up for the first 13 years.
Because of extreme weather conditions and fears for the safety of visiting fans the unprecedented decision was taken by the host venue Butlins to play the entire 2018 UK Open behind closed doors leaving the public only being able to watch the event though ITV4’s live coverage and the PDC live web feed.
The Tournament was moved to the Marshall Arena in 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and played behind closed doors.
Format.
Qualifying events for amateur players are organised by Rileys and held in various locations across the UK. 16 players qualify through these events.
The format is as follows (as of 2020):
The draws for the first three rounds are made in full after all qualifying players are known, while the draws for the fourth round onward are made separately on stage as soon as each preceding round has concluded.
Records and statistics.
Nine-dart finishes.
Fifteen nine-darters have been thrown at the UK Open. The first one was in 2004, and eleven of them have been televised. Wes Newton in 2013, Sebastian Białecki and Jitse van der Wal in 2021 and José Justicia in 2022 hit nine-darters that were not broadcast.
 not televised
Media coverage.
From 2003 until 2013, coverage for the UK Open was shown on Sky Sports in June. In 2014 the tournament was moved to March and coverage of the event moved to ITV4.

</doc>
<doc id="6920418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920418" title="Dharmeratnam Sivaram">
Dharmeratnam Sivaram



</doc>
<doc id="6920419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920419" title="Moffat Communications Limited">
Moffat Communications Limited



</doc>
<doc id="6920422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920422" title="Variola porcina">
Variola porcina



</doc>
<doc id="6920425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920425" title="Respect for America's Fallen Heroes">
Respect for America's Fallen Heroes



</doc>
<doc id="6920427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920427" title="Taraki">
Taraki

Taraki may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6920435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920435" title="Dishonor">
Dishonor



</doc>
<doc id="6920438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920438" title="Murder of Taraki Sivaram">
Murder of Taraki Sivaram



</doc>
<doc id="6920445" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920445" title="The Jezinkas">
The Jezinkas

The Jezinkas is a Bohemian fairy tale collected by A. H. Wratislaw in his "Sixty Folk-Tales from Exclusively Slavonic Sources", number 5. Parker Filmore included it, as Grandfather's Eyes, in "Czechoslovak Fairy Tales". Ruth Manning-Sanders included, as Johnny and the Witch-Maidens in both "A Book of Witches" and "A Choice of Magic".
Synopsis.
A poor orphan named Johnny (Jeníček) tried to get into service. He travelled far without finding a place. He came to an old man who had caverns in his head instead of eyes, and whose goats were bleating in their stall. The man took him as a goatherd but warned him against the hills: there, the three evil witches, known as the Jezinkas (Jeziňky), would put him to sleep and tear out his eyes.
For two days, Johnny obeyed him, but on the third day, he decided the pasture was better there. He took three shoots of bramble and drove the goats to the hill. A very beautiful and finely-dressed young maiden appeared, offering him an apple; he said he had eaten his fill of apples from his master's apple tree. Another appeared, with a rose, offering to let him smell it; he said he had smelled his fill of the more roses in his master's garden. A third one, who was the youngest and most beautiful of them, offered to comb his hair. He said nothing, but when she came close, he trapped her with the bramble shoot. The other two sisters came and could not undo it, and he then bound them as well despite their protests and weeping.
Johnny fetched his master. Taking the eldest of the Jezinka sisters, he demanded his master's eyes. When she said she did not know, he carried her to the river and threatened to throw her into it. Terrified, she brought him to a cave filled with eyes and gave him two. His master put them in but said he could see nothing but owls. Johnny then did throw the girl into the river and it was the end of her. He did the same with the middle sister, and when she gave his master eyes that saw nothing but wolves, he threw her, too, into the river. With the youngest of the sisters, after she gave his master eyes that saw nothing but pike, he went to drown her as well, but she pleaded with him and gave his master his actual eyes, and so he let her go; she was never seen around again.
Analysis.
Tale type.
The tale is classified in the Aarne-Thompson-Uther Index as tale type ATU 321, "Eyes Recovered from Witch" or "The Stolen Eyes": a poor youth works for an elderly blind couple. The youth discovers the cause for the couple's blindness is due to the actions of evil witches or malevolent fairies.
Distribution.
Scholarship locates variants of type 321 in the Baltic region, in Eastern Europe and in Southern Europe.
Combinations.
The tale type appears merged with tale type ATU 301, "The Three Stolen Princesses", wherein the hero descends to a Lower World (Nether World or Underworld) by following a trail of blood or to rescue three princesses. In this combination, the hero heals the old man (woman or couple)'s eyes and has further adventures (usually tale type ATU 300, "The Dragonslayer"). This combination is reported to exist in Romanian, in East Slavic (in Belarusian and in Russian texts), and in Hungarian variants of the tale type (type 321*, "Vak öregek", translated as "Blind couple" or "The Blind Old Men").

</doc>
<doc id="6920449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920449" title="Galapagos fauna">
Galapagos fauna



</doc>
<doc id="6920457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920457" title="M. H. Shakir">
M. H. Shakir



</doc>
<doc id="6920459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920459" title="Galapagos Marine Reserve">
Galapagos Marine Reserve



</doc>
<doc id="6920471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920471" title="Leimebamba District">
Leimebamba District

Leimebamba (or Leymebamba) is a district of the province of Chachapoyas, located in the northern Peruvian department of Amazonas, in the valley of the Utcubamba River, about 60 kilometers (37 miles) south of Chachapoyas.
Geography.
Leimebamba is at approximately 2,000 meters above sea level, and the area is warm with a lush tropical vegetation. Although it can rain anytime of the year, during June to September the weather tends to be dry.
To the north, the Leimebamba District is bordered by San Francisco del Yeso District and Montevideo District, to the east by San Martín Region, to the south by the District of Chuquibamba; and to the west by the District of Balsas.
Leimebamba is located on a mountain near the River Utcubamba.
Villages and hamlets.
The majority of the villages and hamlets of Leymebamba District are situated in the mountains, some of them are situated near the Utcubamba River.
History.
Leimebamba District was legally created on May 3, 1955, during the government of President Manuel A. Odria.
The Incas accompanying Tupac Yupanqui celebrated Inti Raymi in the area, and so named it "Raymipampa". From this, the name "Leimebamba" is derived.
Festivals.
Our Lady of Mount Carmel is the patron saint of Leimebamba town, and a festival in her honour is held on July 16 every year. Celebrations include a special mass, a procession, a festival of local cuisine, street parties and fireworks.
August 28, the Day of Saint Augustine sees another celebration.
Transport.
There are two overland approaches to Leimebamba. It is located on the main road between Chachapoyas and Cajamarca, all of which is now paved.
Cajamarca has an airport, and from there it is an 8-hour bus ride to Leimebamba, taking in dramatic and ever-changing scenery, as the road, much of which is single-lane, climbs to a 3,200m (10,500 ft) pass after Celendin, then drops to the town of Balsas on the Marañon River at 850m (2,789 ft), before climbing again to the "Barro Negro" pass at 3,678m (12,068 ft), before descending again to reach Leimebamba (2,200m / 7,218 ft).
It is only 60 km (37 miles) from Chachapoyas to Leimembamba, along the Utcubamba valley, and public transport takes about two hours to make the journey. However, Chachapoyas does not have a commercial airport, with the nearest one being in Jaen, a 4-hour bus journey away.
Tourist Attractions.
Leimebamba District is home to a large number of tourist attractions. The best known of these is the Leymebamba Museum, which contains many of the mummies found at the Laguna de los Condores site, along with their funerary offerings. It also has information about the region's flora and fauna, and a display of quipus found in the area.
The spectacular Laguna de los Condores itself can be visited, either by hike or on horseback. There are also many pre-Inca ruins in the region, such as Congona, Petaca and Diablo Wasi, most of which are thought to have belonged to the Chachapoya culture, but have been little studied. Reaching these ruins can be done on foot, with a selection of one-day and multi-day hikes.
The town of Leimebamba has a small selection of accommodation, and can be used as a base to visit other attractions of Amazonas, such as Revash, Kuelap and Gocta Falls.
Religious.
Leimebamba is a head office of a parish that is served by two Priests from the Roman Catholic Diocese of Chachapoyas.

</doc>
<doc id="6920476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920476" title="Fascia adherens">
Fascia adherens

In the anatomy of the cardiac muscle, a fascia adherens also known as an adhesive strip is one of the ribbon-like structures that stabilize non-epithelial tissue. They are similar in function and structure to the zonula adherens or adherens junction of epithelial cells. It is a broad intercellular junction in the transversal sections of an intercalated disc of cardiac muscle anchoring actin filaments. It helps to transmit contractile forces.

</doc>
<doc id="6920478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920478" title="Live Three">
Live Three



</doc>
<doc id="6920497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920497" title="Gambling ship">
Gambling ship

A gambling ship is a ship stationed offshore in or transiting to international waters to evade local anti-gambling laws that is dedicated to games of chance. This applies both to ships which are permanently moored somewhere outside the limits, or, when legal, that can transit back and forth from a nearby port where it is not. Other ships also offer gambling as part of their onboard entertainment, but are not "gambling ships" "per" "se".
Historically, international waters began just from land in many countries, popularly referred to as the "three-mile limit". Gambling ships, like offshore radio stations, would usually be anchored just beyond it. The redefinition of territorial waters to 12 nautical miles—approximately — in 1982 made maintaining a gambling ship much more uneconomic.
In the United States, in addition to federal law, state statutes regulate the legality of gambling ships in their waters.
In California.
The barge "Monfalcone" was purchased in 1928 by a group including Los Angeles crime family boss Jack Dragna and started offering gambling off the coast of Long Beach. The ship sank in 1930 after a fire. Also in 1928, the lumber schooner was converted to a gambling ship and moored off Long Beach, California. She caught fire and sank in 1932.
On New Year's Day 1937, during the Great Depression, gambling ship , well-known for "drinks, dice, and dolls," was wrecked on a beach about a quarter mile south of the Hotel del Coronado, near San Diego.
Other gambling ships operating off California during the 1930s included "Rose Isle" (aka "Johanna Smith II"), "Casino" (fka "James Tuft"), "SS Texas" (aka "City of Panama"; aka "Star of Hollywood"; aka "La Playa"), "Showboat" (aka "Mount Baker"; aka "Caliente"), "SS Reno" (operating off San Diego), and "William H. Harriman" (operating off Santa Barbara).
Anthony Cornero operated the gambling ships SS "Rex" and SS "Tango" during the 1930s. California Attorney General Earl Warren ordered raids on the gambling ships. On August 1, 1939, state authorities raided SS "Texas" and SS "Rex" off Santa Monica and "Showboat" and SS "Tango" off Long Beach. A court ruling later that year permanently shut them down. However, in 1946 Cornero opened the SS "Lux" off Long Beach. It was quickly shut down. In 1948, President Harry Truman signed an act prohibiting the operation of any gambling ship in U.S. territorial waters.
In Hawaii.
, Hawaii is one of only two U.S. states outlawing any form of gambling. Even though Hawaii has strict rules on its ports, a foreign flagged cruise ship that offers gambling aboard can dock if it travels in international waters and only conducts its gambling there.
In Hong Kong.
The popularity of gambling ships increased in Hong Kong following the anti-corruption campaign under Xi Jinping which began in 2012, under which high-ranking government officials and executives at state-owned enterprises are barred from gambling in Macau. In 2011, the Immigration Department reported 466,000 tourists from mainland China visited gambling ships, a 17.4% increase from 2010. Eight gambling ships were operating in Hong Kong during 2013, many of them operated by triad organized crime syndicates. These ships have been criticized for their use of misleading sales techniques and for their risk to public safety due to the difficulty of law enforcement against their operation.
Economics.
The economics of gambling ships are quite different from traditional bricks-and-mortar casinos. Ships afloat are expensive to maintain. Transport of passengers to and from them is time-consuming, expensive, and largely "time lost" to those who wish to gamble. Further, entertainment - and alternative gambling - opportunities are severely limited for potential customers, who can see and do more ashore where gambling is legal, as in Las Vegas and Atlantic City in the United States. This is only compounded when the offshore gambling trip is turned into an overnight stay.
Economies of scale make it hard for smaller companies to compete with larger ones such as Carnival Corps and Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. One of the factors is that the bigger companies can afford to make newer and bigger ships. Newer ships could already hold up to 4,400 passengers and crew in 1995. Further, the newer ships are safer, and older ships that are not equipped with the new International Maritime Organization (IMO) safety standards have to be upgraded to meet them. According to an Oppenheimer &amp; Co. analyst, this suggested at the time that the industry would end up ruled by two to three big companies.
In popular culture.
Californian gambling ships appear in several novels and movies of the period, including "Sing a Song of Murder" (1942) by James R. Langham, "The Case of the Dangerous Dowager" (1937) by Erle Stanley Gardner, and "Farewell, My Lovely" (1940) by Raymond Chandler. The 1940 film "Gambling on the High Seas" was set in part aboard a gambling ship, SS "Sylvania". Other films that feature gambling ships include "Gambling Ship", "Dante's Inferno", "Smashing the Money Ring", and "Mr. Lucky" (1943) starring Cary Grant as a gambling ship operator, which spawned the later "Mr. Lucky" TV series.

</doc>
<doc id="6920505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920505" title="Kwon Sang-u">
Kwon Sang-u



</doc>
<doc id="6920507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920507" title="Hypophthalmichthys molitrix">
Hypophthalmichthys molitrix



</doc>
<doc id="6920509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920509" title="Nabû-kudurri-uṣur">
Nabû-kudurri-uṣur



</doc>
<doc id="6920510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920510" title="Arthur Heywood">
Arthur Heywood

Sir Arthur Percival Heywood, 3rd Baronet (25 December 1849 – 19 April 1916) is best known today as the innovator of the fifteen-inch minimum-gauge railway, for estate use.
Early life.
He was the eldest son of Sir Thomas Percival Heywood and grew up in the family home of Dove Leys at Denstone in Staffordshire.
Dove Leys looked over the valley where the North Staffordshire Railway from Rocester to Ashbourne ran. The family travelled by train to their relatives in Manchester and on holiday to Inveran in the Highland region of Scotland. Heywood developed a passion for the railway from an early age.
He assisted his father in his hobby of ornamental metalwork, with a Holtzapffel lathe, and in his late teenage, built a 4 in gauge model railway with a steam locomotive. Wanting something on which his younger siblings could ride, he went on to build a 9 in gauge locomotive and train, which gave him the experience for his later ventures.
Initially schooled at Eton, in 1868, he went on to Trinity College, Cambridge, where he made friends with the local railway people, cadging lifts on the footplates of locos. He graduated in 1872 with a master's degree in Applied Science. The Heywood family originally made its fortune in the trans-Atlantic slavery trade, which operated in Liverpool, and as a landed gentleman, however, convention frowned on him developing an engineering career.
Later life.
In 1872 he married his cousin, Margaret Effie, daughter of the Reverend George Sumner, Rector of Alresford in Hampshire, and set up home at Duffield Bank, near Duffield, Derbyshire near Derby, the headquarters of the Midland Railway. Since many of the directors lived in Duffield, he soon developed an interest in Derby Works. He became aware of experiments by the Royal Engineers in building railways in warfare.
These first experiments had been distinctly unsuccessful, as had previous attempts dating back several decades to build "portable railways" for agricultural use. Thus, at what was known as the Duffield Bank Railway, Heywood developed what he called the "minimum-gauge railway". He settled on as the optimum, his previous line having proved to be too small to carry people in a stable manner. Built on a steep hillside, the line was an ideal testing ground and, to gain the adhesion for steep gradients and the ability to negotiate small radius curves, he built six-coupled locomotives with what he called his "radiating axle."
Though the line remained in use for many years and was visited by many potential buyers, the only interest came from the Duke of Westminster for whom he built the Eaton Hall Railway.
Sir Arthur also had a keen interest in campanology (bell ringing) and in 1891 he founded the Central Council of Church Bell Ringers. He often joined the ringers at Duffield St. Alkmunds church where he was a churchwarden and sidesman. In 1887 he augmented St. Alkmunds' ring of bells from eight to ten.
He was a board member of the Derbyshire Royal Infirmary and the president of the Infirmary in 1895.
He was the chair of the Derbyshire police Standing Joint Committee for a number of years, High Sheriff of Derbyshire for 1899, a Justice of the Peace for Derbyshire and later for Staffordshire by virtue of his seat at Dove Leys.
Sir Arthur's father died in 1897 and he inherited Dove Leys, where he began to build another railway between the road, where there was a coal store, and the house. His intention was to extend to Norbury railway goods yard, but Colonel Clowes who owned the land in between refused to give him wayleave. Sir Arthur then extended the line southwards to nearby Dove Cliff farm, which was part of his estate, and thence to Rocester station. However he was again unable to obtain wayleave from his other neighbour, Colonel Dawson.
When World War I began in 1914, all three of his sons went on active service, as did many of his staff. Sir Arthur carried on, particularly with work on the Eaton Hall Railway. One of his last acts was to present the Volunteer Training Corps with 50 rifles. He was unwell in the early
part of 1916 and took a turn for the worse on 19 April during a visit to Duffield Bank where he died that afternoon, aged 66.
Sir Arthur Heywood was buried at Denstone on 22 April 1916.
Heywood radiating axle locomotives.
The Heywood radiating axle locomotives could pass very tight curves by a special axle arrangement. This was first drawn by Arthur Heywood in 1877 and described in a book published in 1881, much earlier than the patent filings of the Klien-Lindner axle and Luttermöller axle. On steam locomotives with three axles the frame of the middle axis could move transversely to the left and right underneath the main frame of the locomotive. The frame was hinged to the two pivoted frames of the front and rear axle. In sharp curves of the track it aligned all axles exactly perpendicular to the track, so that the axes would meet in the centre point of the track's curve.
The principle is similar to that of the radiating axles invented by James Cleminson of London for railway carriages, which "consists in mounting the axles with their axle boxes, guards, and springs in frames separate from the main under-frame of the carriage. The end frames have central pivots, around which they swivel freely, while the middle frame is so arranged that it can slide transversely. The three frames are connected together by articulated radiating gear, so that they act sympathetically, and, no matter how sharp the curve, each axle instantly assumes a position coincident with the radial lines of that curve, instead of remaining parallel to each other as in the ordinary construction, in which the wheels grind their way along the sides of the rails. The wear and tear of tires and rails is thus greatly reduced, because the flanges of the tires are always parallel with the rails."

</doc>
<doc id="6920512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920512" title="Gwon Sang-u">
Gwon Sang-u



</doc>
<doc id="6920520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920520" title="House of Refuge at Gilbert's Bar">
House of Refuge at Gilbert's Bar

The House of Refuge at Gilbert's Bar, also known as Gilbert's Bar House of Refuge, the House of Refuge Museum, or simply the House of Refuge, is a historic building located at 301 S.E. MacArthur Boulevard, on Hutchinson Island east of Stuart, Florida. It is the oldest surviving building in Martin County.
This House of Refuge is the last remaining of the original dozen shipwreck life-saving stations on Florida's Atlantic Coast operated by the United States Life-Saving Service, one of the predecessor agencies to the United States Coast Guard. Built in 1876 to help stranded sailors, its long colorful history spans nearly 70 years. Today it is owned by the Martin County government and leased to the Martin County Historical Society, which operates it as a museum exhibiting life-saving equipment used over the years and showcasing the keeper's quarters, . On May 3, 1974, the House of Refuge was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The House of Refuge is located at Gilbert's Bar (also called "Saint Lucie Rocks"), two miles north of what is now the St. Lucie Inlet on the coastal rocks of the Anastasia Formation, one of the most prominent geologic outcroppings along the entire Eastern seaboard. The house was one of ten houses of refuge commissioned by the U.S. Treasury Department for the United States Life-Saving Service as havens for shipwrecked sailors and travelers along the barren east coast of Florida. It is the only one that remains today.
On March 19, 1875, William H. Hunt of Dade County granted the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury a lien of 20 years for the piece of land at Saint Lucie Rocks known as Gilbert's Bar as a site for a house of refuge on the sea coast. According to the 1879 "Annual Report of the Life Saving Service" these houses of refuge along the east coast of Florida "contemplate no other life saving operations than affording succor to shipwrecked persons who may be cast ashore, and who, in the absence of such means of relief, would be liable to perish from hunger and thirst in that desolate region. Crews of surfmen are not needed here, but the keepers and members of their families are required to go along the beach, in both directions, in search of castaways immediately after a storm."
It offered shelter to the survivors of the "Georges Valentine" shipwreck in 1904. Captain William E. Rea was the Keeper of the House of Refuge at the time and aided the seven survivors. On October 17, during the same storm the Spanish ship "Cosme Calzado" wrecked three miles north of the "Georges Valentine", but fifteen of the sixteen men survived. The surviving crew joined the survivors of the "Georges Valentine" at the House of Refuge. The men later returned home via Jacksonville, Florida except for one: Edward Sarkenglov remained and became a local fisherman. Captain Rea and his wife lived in the House of Refuge until May 1907.
In 1915, the House of Refuge became U.S. Coast Guard Station #207 when the U.S. Life-Saving Service was combined with the U.S. Revenue Cutter Service to form the modern U.S. Coast Guard. The keeper, Axel Johansen, and his wife, Kate, continued to serve at the refuge; the title of his position was changed from "Keeper" to "Surfman #1." Four other men were stationed at the house, and during World War I the post of five was supplemented by local youths belonging to the Home Guard.
The facility also served as a lookout for enemy submarines in World War II. It was saved by the Historical Society of Martin County in 1955, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Museum exhibits.
The House of Refuge provides a look at turn of the 20th century living along the coast. Areas available for public viewing are the boathouse, kitchen, dining room, parlor, bedroom and a lookout tower constructed during World War II. New exhibit space includes a timeline of Hutchinson Island dating from 2000 BC to the hurricanes of 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="6920524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920524" title="Gödel translation">
Gödel translation



</doc>
<doc id="6920526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920526" title="Tom Stone (TV series)">
Tom Stone (TV series)

Tom Stone is a crime drama series that ran in Canada on CBC Television for two 13-episode seasons beginning on March 25, 2002. In the United States, the series is syndicated by PPI Releasing and Sony Pictures Television under the title Stone Undercover.
Overview.
The hour-long series, which is set on location in Calgary and surrounding Alberta locations, stars Chris William Martin in the title role, a roguish character with a colorful past: He was a cop, an oil rigger and an ex-con. His background provides the perfect ingredients the Royal Canadian Mounted Police need to help them in solving cases that require an outsider.
Assisting him in these assignments is RCMP Corporal Marina Di Luzio (Janet Kidder), a female by-the-book type commercial crime specialist who has an on again-off again friction with the unconventional Stone, which also carries over into the cases they're assigned to. In addition, there is also Tom's American scotch-and-cigar smoking buddy, Jack Welsh (Stuart Margolin). Canadian actor Art Hindle also had a recurring role as Neil McQuinn, a shady but well connected businessman.
The series was commonly compared by television critics to a Canadian version of "The Rockford Files". Series creator Andrew Wreggitt openly acknowledged that he was influenced by that show, as well as "Northern Exposure" and "North of 60".

</doc>
<doc id="6920532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920532" title="Collection d'Arnell-Andréa">
Collection d'Arnell-Andréa

Collection d'Arnell~Andréa is a French neoclassical darkwave band founded by Jean-Christophe d'Arnell (main composer, writer, piano/keyboards), Pascal Andréa, and Chloé St Liphard in 1986. Andréa left the band shortly after its founding, before its first performance. However, d'Arnell left Andréa's name in the band name. Their music prominently features keyboards, cello, and vocals by Chloé St Liphard . The band is known for featuring a large ensemble of musicians in its live performances, and has performed at many international music festivals, including Germany's Wave-Gotik-Treffen. Many of their albums have focused on late 19th and early 20th century themes.
When the band signed with Prikosnovénie in 2002, the label re-edited and re-released many New Rose Records albums that had previously been out of print. Signing with Prikosnovénie also resulted in three new albums and a new tour schedule through Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="6920535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920535" title="Trl">
Trl



</doc>
<doc id="6920538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920538" title="Gödel-McKinsey-Tarski translation">
Gödel-McKinsey-Tarski translation



</doc>
<doc id="6920539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920539" title="Silver How">
Silver How

Silver How is a fell in the English Lake District, standing over the village of Grasmere. How, derived from the Old Norse word "haugr", is a common local term for a hill or mound.
Topography.
Silver How forms part of the Blea Rigg ridge and would be considered just another of the many tops on that fell, were it not for Wainwright's decision to accord it a separate chapter in his "Pictorial Guide to the Lakeland Fells".
West of Silver How the ridge gains in height over a series of tops, principally Lang How, Swinescar Pike, Little Castle How and Great Castle How, toward Blea Rigg. South and then east of the summit, the ridge narrows and drops to the wooded depression of Red Bank, before rising to its terminus on Loughrigg.
The eastern slopes of Silver How above Grasmere are steep and carry trees to the intake wall at half height, the final rise to the summit being craggy. It is this aspect of the fell, seen to great effect from the lake of Grasmere, which has made it so popular with walkers and photographers where a number of footpaths cross the ridge. There are also crags on the southern side of the ridge, overlooking Chapel Stile in Great Langdale.
The Grasmere flank is drained by Wray Gill, which forms the northern boundary of the fell as it sweeps around to make a direct entry into the lake. Meg's Gill, a tributary of Great Langdale Beck, marks the eastern edge, dropping through a ravine above Elterwater village. 
Below the fell's eastern extremity of Dow Bank, the depression of Red Bank carries a road from Grasmere to Langdale, a scenic route between the two. Near the road summit is High Close Youth Hostel, set amid woodland.
Summit.
There are numerous paths on the fell, which added to the large selection of rounded tops can make navigation confusing. The true summit, marked by a large tumbled cairn, sits directly above Grasmere and provides fine all-round views. Grasmere and its valley provide the highlight, backed by the Fairfield horseshoe. The Langdale Pikes and Coniston Fells are also well seen.
Ascents.
Ascents are possible from Grasmere, Chapel Stile, Elterwater and High Close, the climber being spoilt for choice by countless variations. The Grasmere approaches provide fine scenery throughout, whilst that from Elterwater starts in more dreary surroundings. The ascent from Chapel Stile is actually the shortest. Silver How can be combined with Blea Rigg to give a longer walk, making New Dungeon Ghyll (Great Langdale) another possible starting point.

</doc>
<doc id="6920540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920540" title="Gwon Sang-woo">
Gwon Sang-woo



</doc>
<doc id="6920551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920551" title="RWD 15">
RWD 15

The RWD-15 was a Polish touring aircraft of 1937, designed by the RWD team and built by the Doświadczalne Warsztaty Lotnicze (DWL).
Design and development.
The RWD-15 was an enlarged development of the RWD-13 three-seat touring aircraft, designed by Stanisław Rogalski of the RWD team, in the DWL workshops in Warsaw. The prototype first flew in spring 1937 (registration SP-BFX). It inherited RWD-13's advantages, like ease of flying, with good stability. In 1939, five aircraft were produced by the outbreak of World War II. A series of 10 RWD-15 was ordered by the Polish Air Force as liaison aircraft in 1939, but they were not completed before the war. Only one of five ordered air ambulances RWD-15S, with two stretchers, were built. There was proposed an aerial photography variant, but it was not built.
Description.
Five-seater touring strutted high-wing monoplane of mixed construction. Fuselage frame was metal, covered with canvas, the engine section covered with aluminium sheets. A two-spar rectangular wing was of wooden construction, covered with canvas and plywood leading edges, supported by V-struts. Wings were rearwards folding, and were equipped with automatic slats. Cantilever wooden tail unit, covered with plywood (stabilizers) and canvas (rudder and elevators). The cabin was enclosed, with two front seats fitted with dual controls, and behind them a bench with three seats. The cabin had a single door on the left and a pair of doors on the right side, with two luggage compartments at the rear. Engine at the front - 205 hp de Havilland Gipsy Six II, with a two-blade metal tractor propeller (DH Hamilton 1000) of variable pitch, 2.28 m diameter. Conventional fixed landing gear, with a tail-wheel.
Operational history.
All RWD-15 were initially used in Poland. Two aircraft were formally subordinated to the Polish Air Force (the 1st Aviation Regiment in Warsaw) - one bought by the Presidential Chancellory and belonging to the Staff Escadrille, and the other in air ambulance variants RWD-15S. One aircraft (registration SP-KAT) was completed as a long-range variant, with fuel tanks in place of rear seats, owned by the LOPP paramilitary organization. It was planned to fly it to Australia in marketing goals, with Maj. Stanisław Karpiński, but the plans were suspended after the German invasion of Czechoslovakia in March 1939. In some publications it is designated RWD-15bis. Last RWD-15 was made in August 1939, with civil registration SP-ALA.
In 1939, the prototype RWD-15 (registration SP-BFX) was sold to Palestine, and used there by the Aviron Aviation Company (registration: VQ-PAE). From 1945, it was used as a passenger aircraft on routes from Lod to Tel Aviv and to Egypt. In December 1947, it had to be abandoned in Lod while undergoing repairs, and was burned on 6 April 1948 by Arabs.
After the outbreak of World War II, in September 1939 two civilian RWD-14 (SP-ALA, SP-KAT) were evacuated to Romania. After the fall of Poland, they were sold by the manufacturer for a fraction of value to Romanian government, and used by Romanian civil aviation (registration YR-FAN and YR-TIT respectively). After Romania joined the war on Axis side and took part in attack on the USSR, RWD-15s were used as liaison aircraft on the eastern front by the Romanian Air Force.
One RWD-15 was reportedly sent to the 1939 New York World's Fair, along with a RWD-13, and then sold there, but there is no evidence of such aircraft in the US register.

</doc>
<doc id="6920561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920561" title="Sir Aurthur Heywood">
Sir Aurthur Heywood



</doc>
<doc id="6920562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920562" title="Puppy Pong">
Puppy Pong



</doc>
<doc id="6920566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920566" title="Incorporation of the Chachapoyas to the Inca Empire">
Incorporation of the Chachapoyas to the Inca Empire



</doc>
<doc id="6920568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920568" title="Ti Kwan Leep (Boot to the Head)">
Ti Kwan Leep (Boot to the Head)



</doc>
<doc id="6920579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920579" title="Darcelle XV Plaza">
Darcelle XV Plaza

Darcelle XV Plaza (formerly O'Bryant Square) is a square that was a small park and fountain at the intersection of Southwest Park Avenue and Southwest Harvey Milk Street in downtown Portland, Oregon, in the United States. It received the current name in July 2023. Previously, the park was named after Hugh O'Bryant, Portland's first mayor.
The park has also been known as "Paranoid Park", "Paranoia Park", "Needle Park", and "Crack Park". Aaron Mesh, writing for "Willamette Week" on an article discussing plans for a park space in Northwest District described city's reluctance to commit to a plaza because "junkie haven O'Bryant Square, or "Paranoid Park"—have been a security hassle."
History and features.
The property, having once contained a quarter-block building and surface parking, was donated to the city by Mr. and Mrs. William E. Roberts In 1971. Development of the park and underground parking cost $1.25 million, backed by federal grants and bonds built on the projected parking revenue. 
A bronze fountain titled Fountain to a Rose was built in 1973. It was shaped like a rose and surrounded by 250 rose bushes and other plants. Its inscription read "May you find peace in this garden." The fountain was made possible through a $28,000 bequest from Donald Card Sloan, a former prime minister of the Royal Rosarians. The square and fountain were dedicated in 1973 and the park was named O'Bryant Square for Portland's first Mayor, Hugh D. O'Bryant. It was popular in both the business and planning communities and received a national design award from the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development in 1976.
Laurie Olin was brought on to redesign the park in 2006 when he was designing Director Park. Olin called O'Bryant "a real ugly duckling". In 2007, "The Oregonian" called it "a relic of 1970s urban design".
In March 2018, the park was closed indefinitely by the city, citing safety concerns related to structural issues in the underground parking garage. On April 12, 2023, Portland leaders voted to demolish the plaza. "Fountain to a Rose" was removed in 2023 as part of the park's redevelopment.
On July 13, 2023, the park was renamed Darcelle XV Plaza, in honor of Darcelle XV (1930–2023), who operated the drag venue Darcelle XV Showplace and was certified by the Guinness World Records as the oldest performing drag queen in 2016. The park is in the process of being redeveloped and is set to open in 2025. It will feature a stage and a dog park, as well as a large shade sail covering the center of the park. There are also plans for public art and wall of fame commemorating Portland's LGBTQ community.
Reception.
Steve Lien, owner of a nearby men’s underwear store and head of the Travel Gay Portland visitor center, called the new plaza design “a place for everyone” and hopes the park will eventually be, “as grand as Darcelle was." 
Portland Parks foundation director Randy Gragg “hopes (the plaza) can live up to the spirit, verve, excitement and humor of Darcelle." 
Plans for the park have been criticized for being the first city park in Portland to be fenced in and also for not including food carts after the nearby Ritz Carlton hotel opposed them as potential competition to its own indoor food offerings.

</doc>
<doc id="6920581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920581" title="Ritornello form">
Ritornello form



</doc>
<doc id="6920585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920585" title="권상우">
권상우



</doc>
<doc id="6920586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920586" title="ROKS Daegu (DD-917)">
ROKS Daegu (DD-917)



</doc>
<doc id="6920590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920590" title="EC Regulation 261/2004">
EC Regulation 261/2004



</doc>
<doc id="6920593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920593" title="Flip flop socks">
Flip flop socks



</doc>
<doc id="6920594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920594" title="Lyric Theatre (Stuart, Florida)">
Lyric Theatre (Stuart, Florida)

The Lyric Theatre is a historic theater located at 59 Southwest Flagler Avenue in downtown Stuart, Florida. The building fronts on its north side on Southwest Osceola Street. Built to serve as a movie house, it is now used primarily as a stage and music venue. Additions were made on the west side to provide back stage space for these new uses. The additions also face on both streets. On November 12, 1993, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="6920598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920598" title="Xtracycle">
Xtracycle

Xtracycle is the name of a company and the name commonly used for the variety of load-carrying bicycle that results from use of the company's products: the FreeRadical kit. Web forums and blogs often use the shorthand "Xtrabike", "Xtra", or simply "X" to refer to either the FreeRadical extension or the entire extended bicycle.
History and spin-offs.
The FreeRadical was conceived by Ross Evans at Stanford University and developed during his work in the mid-1990s managing a "Bikes Not Bombs" project in Nicaragua, where having a bicycle enhances a person's employment opportunities. In 1998 Evans and his friend Kipchoge Spencer created Xtracycle Inc to manufacture and market the invention, as well as a nonprofit organization, Worldbike, devoted to encourage a bicycle-centric lifestyle and culture.
Despite the fact that the FreeRadical qualifies as an aftermarket bike accessory, its growing acceptance has sparked an Xtracycle aftermarket not formally connected with Xtracycle Inc: varieties of specialized kickstands, electric-assist motors, and even bike-mounted blenders have come to market, even though each requires the prior purchase of a FreeRadical or other Xtracycle-compatible frame to function properly.
Big Dummy.
Xtracycle Inc has worked with various bicycle manufacturers to build purpose-built extended bicycles compatible with their accessories. The first to actually produce and market an integrated Xtracycle frameset was Surly Bikes with the Big Dummy. XInc continues to form similar covenants with manufacturers in all price ranges, with the goal of making the Xtracycle less of a niche product and more mainstream. XInc is also working on FreeRadical attachments sized for children's and youths' bicycles.
Other applications for the FreeRadical have included linking two Xtracycles to support a mobile stage for use in parades and street fairs, and a computerized chalkpowder-printer device mounted on an Xtracycle that leaves a dot-matrix trail of messages on the street.
Open source.
In 2008, Xtracycle put their longtail bike frame specifications online as part of their project to open source their longtail frame design. They’ve created a Longtail Standard and logos to allow vendors to design their products to fit in the Xtracycle FreeRadical ecosystem. The "Longtail Technology" logo can be used on bikes, accessories or packaging. The open sourcing of the patented technology was meant to stimulate the cargo bike movement, while developing a standard for "longtail" frames and accessories. Several frame and accessory makers have adopted the standards, while others have developed competing and incompatible long-frame cargo bike designs.
However, the documents are no longer freely available, and now require an agreement with Xtracycle first.
Products.
FreeRadical.
The FreeRadical is an extender for a bicycle.
Radish.
In 2009 the Radish was launched by Xtracycle. It is a production long-tail bicycle with a low-standover height frame and matching FreeRadical.
EdgeRunner.
In 2013 the EdgeRunner is a second generation cargo bicycle with a 20-inch rear wheel. The EdgeRunner has been called the "Best longtail ever. No contest."
CargoJoe.
In 2013 the CargoJoe is a folding cargo bike developed in a partnership between Xtracycle and Tern.
Sidecar.
In 2011 Xtracycle created a sidecar for cargo transport that can carry up to 250 pounds.

</doc>
<doc id="6920603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920603" title="ROKS Dae Gu">
ROKS Dae Gu



</doc>
<doc id="6920610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920610" title="County Route G15 (California)">
County Route G15 (California)



</doc>
<doc id="6920627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920627" title="Air Passengers Rights Regulation">
Air Passengers Rights Regulation

The Air Passengers Rights Regulation 2004 (Regulation (EC) No 261/2004) is a regulation in EU law establishing common rules on compensation and assistance to passengers in the event of denied boarding, flight cancellations, or long delays of flights. It requires compensation of €250 to €600 depending on the flight distance for delays over of at least three hours, cancellations, or being denied boarding from overbooking. Delays shorter than three hours means no entitlement to any compensation of any kind even if the delay was classified as non-extraordinary. Airlines must provide refreshments and accommodation where appropriate. The Court of Justice of the European Union has interpreted passenger rights strictly, so that there are virtually no exceptions for airlines to evade their obligations for breach of contract.
It repealed Regulation (EEC) No 295/91, and went into effect on 17 February 2005.
Applicability.
The regulation applies to any passenger:
if that person:
or
unless
It does not apply to helicopter flights, to any flight not operated by a fixed-wing aircraft, nor to flights from Gibraltar Airport. While Switzerland, Iceland and Norway are not members of the EU, the regulation does apply to flights to and from these countries as if they were member states under bilateral agreements.
Denied boarding.
Before denying passengers boarding involuntarily, the airline is required to first seek volunteers to give up their reservation in return for whatever benefit is negotiated between the airline and the volunteers. Irrespective of such negotiation, such volunteers are also entitled to reimbursement or rerouting.
If insufficient volunteers are obtained, the airline may then proceed to involuntarily deny passengers the right to board their flight. All passengers so denied must be offered all three types of compensation and assistance.
If the passenger is denied boarding for reasons of health, safety and security, or inadequate documentation, the passenger may not be entitled to compensation or assistance.
Cancellation.
If a flight is cancelled, passengers are automatically entitled to their choice of
Any ticket refund is the price paid for the flight(s) not used, plus the cost of flights already flown in cases where the cancellation has made those flights of no purpose. Where applicable, passengers are also entitled to refreshments, communication and accommodation as described below. Where re-routing is to another airport serving the same destination, the airline must pay for onward transport to the original airport or to a close by destination agreed with the passenger. These choices, and the entitlement to refreshments, etc., apply to all cancellations, regardless of whether the circumstances are extraordinary or not.
It is unclear whether "the earliest opportunity" requires airlines to endorse a ticket onto another carrier.
The airline is also required to pay cash compensation as described below, unless one of the following conditions applies:
The airline must also provide an explanation to passengers of alternative transport.
Flight types.
The requirements for an entitlement to compensation and the specific amount owed depend on the length of a flight, whereas the relevant distance is determined according to the great circle method. The Regulation differentiates between three types of flights: 
"Note: In the rest of this article, types 1, 2 and 3 are used to refer to the above thresholds."
Delays.
Passengers are entitled to refreshments and communication if the expected delay of the arrival exceeds:
Furthermore, if the flight is expected to depart on the day after the original scheduled departure time, passengers are entitled to accommodation.
If a flight is delayed by five hours, passengers are additionally entitled to abandon their journey and receive a refund for all unused tickets. They may also ask for a refund on tickets used already if the flight no longer serves any purpose in relation to their original travel plan, and, if relevant, a flight back to their original point of departure at the earliest opportunity.
Flight delay is based on the scheduled arrival time. This is defined as when the doors are opened on the plane and not when it lands.
Although not set out in the text of the regulation, a series of court cases created a rule that in case of an arrival delay of more than 3 hours, passengers are entitled to cash compensation, unless the delay is caused by extraordinary circumstances. Unlike the entitlements to refreshments, communication, or accommodation, this 3-hour threshold does not scale with the distance of the flight.
In October 2017, an EU Court of Appeal confirmed the UK CAA's interpretation that the final destination must be included in the total delay. This means that, if the passenger misses a connection outside the EU and ends up with a delay longer than the times indicated above, even if the delay on the flight leaving the EU was less than the aforementioned times, the total delay will be used and not only the delay on leaving the EU.
Compensation and assistance.
There are three broad categories where airlines may be required to make payments or otherwise assist passengers, in cases of delays, flight changes/cancellations or denied boarding.
Cash compensation.
If the requirements for a compensation are met, Article 7 of Regulation (EC) No 261/2004 obligates the operating carrier to offer each passenger a lump-sum payment of:
Where a passenger has been rerouted due to cancellation or denied boarding, the above amounts are payable if the passenger's actual arrival time exceeds the scheduled arrival of their originally booked flights, by two/three/four hours for type 1/2/3 flights respectively. But if rerouting only exceeds the arrival time by less than these thresholds, half of the specified amounts are payable as compensation.
Said cash payments merely serve to compensate a traveller's inconvenience and do not replace or form a part of any potential reimbursements for unused tickets, trips in vain, additional transport costs, meals and accommodation.
Airlines are not obliged to provide cash compensation in the case of extraordinary circumstances which could not have been avoided even if the airline took all reasonable precautions, according to Article 5, Paragraph 3.
Rerouting or refunding.
Rerouting or refunding is, at the passenger's choice, one of the following three reimbursements:
If a passenger's destination is an airport at a city with multiple airports and rerouting results in the passenger being taken to another of those airports, the airline must also pay for transport for the passenger to the original intended airport or an agreed nearby destination.
Refreshments, communication and accommodation.
When passengers become entitled to assistance, they must be offered, free of charge,
In the case of a delay, the airline may withdraw or abrogate these entitlements if offering them would delay the flight further.
Upgrades and downgrades.
If a passenger is placed in a higher class than that for which a ticket was purchased, the airline may not request any additional payment.
If a passenger is placed in a lower class than that for which a ticket was purchased, the airline must refund 30/50/75% of the cost of the ticket for type 1/2/3 flights. For the purpose of this condition, flights to the French overseas departments are not considered to be within the European Union. In the 2016 ECJ case of Mennens v Emirates referred by the Düsseldorf District Court, it was ruled that where a ticket covered multiple flights and did not attribute the cost of each flight separately, the percentage refund was to be based on the distance of the affected flight divided by the total distance the passenger is entitled to travel. Taxes and charges that do not depend on the class of ticket purchased can be excluded from the calculation.
Method of refund.
Refunds and compensations payable under this regulation may be paid in cash, by electronic bank transfer, bank draft, or cheque. With the signed agreement of a passenger, they may also be paid in travel vouchers or other services.
Obligation to notify passengers.
Airlines are obliged to display a notice at their check-in counters stating:
Additionally, when an airline cancels a flight, denies a person boarding, or incurs a delay exceeding two hours to a flight, it is obliged to provide each passenger affected with a written notice setting out their rights under the regulation, and the contact details of the national body tasked with enforcing the regulation.
Relevant court cases.
In the case "Wallentin-Hermann v Alitalia—Linee Aeree Italiane SpA" (Case C-549/07) of 22 December 2008, the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg ruled on the interpretation of Article 5 of the regulation relating to cancellations, specifically paragraph 3 which states:
The Court agreed with Wallentin-Hermann that any technical issues during aircraft maintenance don't constitute "extraordinary circumstances" that would allow airlines to avoid paying passengers compensation for canceled flights. 
This case therefore closed the loophole which had allowed the airlines to abuse passengers by frivolous interpretation of "technical or extraordinary circumstances"; it further defined the phrase and limited its exploitation. The definition of "technical and/or extraordinary circumstances" by the Court now stands firm and solid: any carrier must prove that the alleged mechanical problem leading to the cancellation was "beyond its actual control", the court affirmed in a statement. In its judgment, the Fourth Chamber of the Court of Justice held: 
However, what actually lies within the concept of defining what is inside or outside of the "actual control of the air carrier" is not clear and is subject to litigation in many EU-states.
Furthermore, in the joined cases of "Sturgeon v Condor", and Bock v Air France (C-402/07 and C-432/07), the Fourth Chamber of the European Court of Justice held on 19 November 2009 that despite no express provision in the Regulation to compensate passengers for delay, passengers are now entitled to the compensation as set out in Article 7 for any delay in excess of three hours providing the air carrier cannot raise a defence of "extraordinary circumstances".
"Articles 5, 6 and 7 of Regulation EC 261/2004 must be interpreted as meaning that passengers whose flights are delayed may be treated, for the purposes of the application of the right to compensation, as passengers whose flights are cancelled and they may thus rely on the right to compensation laid down in Article 7 of the regulation where they suffer, on account of a flight delay, a loss of time equal to or in excess of three hours, that is, where they reach their final destination three hours or more after the arrival time originally scheduled by the air carrier."
The fourth Chamber also ruled that under the definition of "extraordinary circumstances", technical faults within an aircraft should not be included and therefore an air carrier cannot rely on a technical fault within an aircraft as a defence from a valid claim under the Regulation, "unless that problem stems from events which, by their nature or origin, are not inherent in the normal exercise of the activity of the air carrier concerned and are beyond its actual control". Various passenger rights groups reported the case and encouraged passengers to bring claims against airlines in the event of a delay of over three hours.
The Sturgeon ruling was reconfirmed in a ruling of the European Court of Justice on 23 October 2012 in "Nelson v Deutsche Lufthansa AG" and "R (TUI Travel, British Airways, easyjet and IATA) v Civil Aviation Authority".
In the case of "Denise McDonagh v Ryanair Ltd" (C-12/11), the Third Chamber of the European Court of Justice ruled that natural disasters such as the eruption of the Icelandic volcano Eyjafjallajökull and the subsequent cloud of volcanic ash in 2010, which shut down most European air traffic, do constitute "extraordinary circumstances" that release air carriers from the obligation to pay compensation, but that there is no such category as "super-extraordinary circumstances" that would release them from the obligation to provide care. According to the court's ruling, air carriers continued to have an obligation of care towards passengers under Art. 5 and 8 of the regulation during the week-long shutdown of European airspace, and this obligation does not have a temporal or monetary limit.
In the case of "Jet2 vs. Huzar", the English Court of Appeal ruled on 11 June 2014 that "ordinary technical problems that cause flight disruption, such as component failure and general wear and tear, should not be considered “extraordinary circumstances”". Therefore, general technical faults found during routine maintenance checks before departure will generally not be considered "extraordinary circumstances".
On 4 September 2014, in the case of "Germanwings GmbH v. Ronny Henning" (C-452/13), the Ninth Chamber of the European Court of Justice ruled that 
Germanwings initially refused to pay the passenger compensation, arguing the delay was 2 hours and 58 minutes when the plane touched the ground.
In September 2015, the Court of Justice of the European Union judged, regarding Case C-257/14:
affecting the safety of flights or acts of sabotage or terrorism may exempt air carriers from their obligation to pay compensation.
SAS pilots went on strike in April 2019 after wage talks broke down. Reuters have reported more than 1,200 flights have been canceled. SAS consistently denied compensation to passengers who have been affected claiming the strike was beyond their control. Technically, SAS claimed extraordinary circumstances (art. 5 (3) Reg. (EC) No 261/2004)). “The EuCJ turned down that argument and swiftly so. Strikes "fall within the normal management of carrier's activities"; also, "the employer retains control over events to a certain extent". However, this does not apply to strikes from third-party staff (e.g. strike of air traffic control).” In conclusion, passengers are entitled to compensation if their flight has been disrupted due to a strike by the airline's staff.
In Joined Cases C-156/22 to C-158/22 against TAP Portugal, the ECJ ruled that the death of a pilot due to operate a flight was not deemed to be extraordinary circumstances, as the absence of a member of staff "constitutes an event inherent in the normal exercise of that carrier’s activity".
Intermediaries.
The general difficulties claiming from airlines directly has led to the rise of online intermediaries that operate on a "no-win, no fee" basis contingency fee. All help filing claims against airlines, including going to court if necessary.
In response, airlines have repeatedly criticised such intermediaries for forcing more costs on the airline industry, which then passes extra costs on to passengers in the form of increased ticket prices. For example, in response to the added pressure caused by the increase in EU 261 claims in recent years, in 2011 Ryanair put in place a €2.00 surcharge per ticket to compensate for its additional costs. In 2013 it then increased this levy to €2.50.
Brexit and British consumers.
In preparing for Brexit, the UK Government announced it would convert directly applicable EU laws into UK law in its Great Repeal Bill White Paper as early as 2018. Consequently, the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, which took effect on 30 December 2020, retained European statutes such as Regulation (EC) No 261/2004 that applied in the UK prior to its exit. As a result, the Air Passenger Rights Regulation was ported over to the UK's domestic law before the end of the transition period. Thus, while Regulation (EC) No 261/2004 itself no longer applies to flights departing in the UK as of 1 January 2021, its new equivalent in British law ("UK261") subjects British carriers and other airlines not headquartered in Europe to similar provisions on those routes. Specifically, "UK261" provides that it applies to all flights departing the UK, flights on UK and EU carriers arriving in the UK, and flights on UK carriers arriving in the EU, where the passenger has not claimed under a similar regime elsewhere.
However, the Repeal Bill does state that the regulation will continue to apply ‘until legislators in the UK decide otherwise’. Effectively, this allows the British parliament to amend the regulation or to drop it from UK law entirely at a later date — though flights to the EU on EU airlines will still be covered by the original regulation regardless. Likewise, while the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 converted the ECJ's jurisdiction up until the end of 2020 into British case law, British courts could have deviated from these previous rulings under the same principles that guided their treatment of earlier decisions by domestic judges.
2013 Proposal.
In 2013 the European Commission proposed a number of revisions to the regulation, which have not yet been adopted as of 2021,:
Recent Developments.
The European Commission initially proposed a revision of Regulation (EC) No 261/2004 in 2013; however, negotiations remained stalled for several years. In the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic and increasing legal fragmentation across EU member states, momentum to modernize the regulation was renewed in 2024–2025. The revised proposal was formally adopted by the European Commission on 5 June 2025 and subsequently discussed in the European Parliament on 17 June 2025. Further debates and voting procedures are scheduled for September 2025.
For the Council, the revised framework "seeks to establish simpler and clearer rules for air passengers, while striking a better balance between a high level of protection for passengers and preserving connectivity and a level playing field for the aviation sector within the EU’s internal market." 
The proposed changes, however, have generated significant controversy and criticism, particularly from passenger rights advocacy organizations and certain parliamentary groups. Critics argue that the draft legislation would impose stricter conditions for passenger compensation, thereby weakening existing rights.
Notable differences between the proposed and current regulations:
While the proposed reform includes certain improvements, such as reducing legal uncertainty by clarifying the definition of "extraordinary circumstances," enhancing protections for connecting journeys, and improving access to information for consumers during disruptions, it has also been criticized for significantly weakening key passenger rights. According to passenger advocacy groups, the changes could exclude up to 60% of passengers who are currently eligible for compensation under the existing regulation. Although the reform aims to simplify the compensation process for flight disruptions, critics argue that it shifts the balance away from passengers, potentially resulting in longer delay thresholds and fewer compensation payouts.

</doc>
<doc id="6920630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920630" title="Conchagüita">
Conchagüita

Conchagüita is a volcanic island in the Gulf of Fonseca, eastern El Salvador.
In October 1892, an earthquake triggered a large landslide at the volcano, and the resulting dust cloud was first thought to be new volcanic ash. The event was discredited as volcanic eruption by the Smithsonian Institution.

</doc>
<doc id="6920633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920633" title="Dutchess County Route 100">
Dutchess County Route 100



</doc>
<doc id="6920634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920634" title="Conchaguita">
Conchaguita



</doc>
<doc id="6920635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920635" title="Biological constraints">
Biological constraints

Biological constraints are factors which make populations resistant to evolutionary change. One proposed definition of constraint is "A property of a trait that, although possibly adaptive in the environment in which it originally evolved, acts to place limits on the production of new phenotypic variants." Constraint has played an important role in the development of such ideas as homology and body plans.
Types of constraint.
Any aspect of an organism that has not changed over a certain period of time could be considered to provide evidence for "constraint" of some sort. To make the concept more useful, it is therefore necessary to divide it into smaller units. First, one can consider the pattern of constraint as evidenced by phylogenetic analysis and the use of phylogenetic comparative methods; this is often termed phylogenetic inertia, or phylogenetic constraint. It refers to the tendency of related taxa sharing traits based on phylogeny. Charles Darwin spoke of this concept in his 1859 book "On the Origin of Species", as being "Unity of Type" and went on to explain the phenomenon as existing because organisms do not start over from scratch, but have characteristics that are built upon already existing ones that were inherited from their ancestors; and these characteristics likely limit the amount of evolution seen in that new taxa due to these constraints. 
If one sees particular features of organisms that have not changed over rather long periods of time (many generations), then this could suggest some constraint on their ability to change (evolve). However, it is not clear that mere documentation of lack of change in a particular character is good evidence for constraint in the sense of the character being unable to change. For example, long-term stabilizing selection related to stable environments might cause stasis. It has often been considered more fruitful, to consider constraint in its causal sense: what are the causes of lack of change?
Stabilizing selection.
The most common explanation for biological constraint is that stabilizing selection acts on an organism to prevent it changing, for example, so that it can continue to function in a tightly defined niche. This may be considered to be a form of external constraint, in the sense that the organism is constrained not by its makeup or genetics, but by its environment. The implication would be that if the population was in a new environment, its previously constrained features would potentially begin to evolve.
Functional coupling and physico-chemical constraint.
Related to the idea of stabilizing selection is that of the requirement that organisms function adequately in their environment. Thus, where stabilizing selection acts because of the particular niche that is occupied, mechanical and physico-chemical constraints act in a more general manner. For example, the acceleration caused by gravity places constraints on the minimum bone density and strength for an animal of a particular size. Similarly, the properties of water mean that tissues must have certain osmotic properties in order to function properly.
Functional coupling takes the idea that organisms are integrated networks of functional interactions (for example, the vertebral column of vertebrates is involved in the muscle, nerve, and vascular systems as well as providing support and flexibility) and therefore cannot be radically altered without causing severe functional disruption. This may be viewed as one type of trade-off. As Rupert Riedl pointed out, this degree of functional constraint — or burden — generally varies according to position in the organism. Structures literally in the centre of the organism — such as the vertebral column — are often more burdened than those at the periphery, such as hair or toes.
Lack of genetic variation and developmental integration.
This class of constraint depends on certain types of phenotype not being produced by the genotype (compare stabilizing selection, where there is no constraint on what is produced, but rather on what is naturally selected). For example, for a highly homozygous organism, the degree of observed phenotypic variability in its descendants would be lower than those of a heterozygous one. Similarly, developmental systems may be highly canalised, to prevent the generation of certain types of variation.
Relationships of constraint classes.
Although they are separate, the types of constraints discussed are nevertheless relatable to each other. In particular, stabilizing selection, mechanical, and physical constraints might lead through time to developmental integration and canalisation. However, without any clear idea of any of these mechanisms, deducing them from mere patterns of stasis as deduced from phylogenetic patterns or the fossil record remains problematic. In addition, the terminology used to describe constraints has led to confusion.
Examples.
“"Variational inaccessibility". Despite mutations, certain character variants are never produced. These variants are therefore developmentally impossible to achieve and are never introduced into a population. This is implied by canalization and has been called both genetic and developmental constraint.”

</doc>
<doc id="6920643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920643" title="Conchaquita">
Conchaquita



</doc>
<doc id="6920645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920645" title="Academic conferences">
Academic conferences



</doc>
<doc id="6920652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920652" title="Swiss Family Robinson (1974 TV series)">
Swiss Family Robinson (1974 TV series)

Swiss Family Robinson is a 1974–75 Canadian television drama series, based on Johann David Wyss' 1812 novel "The Swiss Family Robinson".
The series consisted of twenty-six 30-minute episodes, and diverged somewhat from the original novel. Only one season was produced, due to the development of a "Swiss Family Robinson" series in 1975 by ABC in the United States. This situation precluded sales of the Canadian series to the lucrative American market. Reruns, however, continued to be syndicated in Canada for many years, with stations often scheduling the program as part of their Saturday morning line-up.
Production.
The series was produced by CTV, and Trident Television. Filming of beach scenes was conducted in Jamaica, while jungle scenes were filmed in Kleinburg, Ontario, Canada.
DVD release.
"The Swiss Family Robinson – The Complete Series" was released on DVD by Morningstar Entertainment on 20 March 2007 in a 4-disc set. The DVDs are Region 1, NTSC format, digitally enhanced and colour-corrected. One special feature on the discs is a split-screen demonstration of the enhancement.
The DVD cover features a compass and a logo but not the one used on the TV series. There are a few cast-specific photos on the back.
The series received a second DVD release in 2009 (released this time by Image Entertainment) as a 3-disc set.

</doc>
<doc id="6920663" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920663" title="Isla Conchaguita">
Isla Conchaguita



</doc>
<doc id="6920675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920675" title="Mammography Quality Standards Act">
Mammography Quality Standards Act

The Mammography Quality Standards Act (MQSA) was enacted by the United States Congress to regulate the quality of care in mammography. The act was officially effective in 1994, and was extended in 2004 to continue through 2007. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) began inspections of mammography facilities to ensure compliance in 1995. In 1997, more comprehensive regulation was added to become effective in 1999.
The FDA explains MQSA:
The Mammography Quality Standards Act requires mammography facilities across the nation to meet uniform quality standards. Congress passed this law in 1992 to assure high-quality mammography for early breast cancer detection, which can lead to early treatment, a range of treatment options leading to an increased chance of survival. Under the law, all mammography facilities must: 1) be accredited by an FDA-approved accreditation body, 2) be certified by FDA, or its State, as meeting the standards, 3) undergo an annual MQSA inspection, and 4) prominently display the certificate issued by the agency.
History.
In a nationwide survey of mammography facilities conducted in 1985, called Nationwide Evaluation of X-ray Trends (NEXT), the U.S. Food and Drug Administration found 36 percent to be producing mammographic images of unacceptable quality. The FDA also found that 15 percent of facilities were using general purpose X-ray equipment for mammography. The American College of Radiology responded by initiating a voluntary accreditation program for these facilities in August 1987 and found that 30 percent of facilities failed on their first application for accreditation.
Evidence from a 1990 General Accounting Office (GAO) study showed that many mammography providers lacked adequate quality assurance programs. From June 20 to 22, 1990, "NBC Nightly News" correspondent Michelle Gillen presented a three-part series on the quality problems of mammography. In 1992, hearings held by the Senate Committee on Labor and Human Resources found numerous quality issues in the field of mammography.
Congress enacted the MQSA on October 7, 1992. Responsibility for implementing MQSA was delegated to the FDA by the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) on June 2, 1993. The act became effective October 1, 1994, and requires all mammography facilities to meet quality standards as promulgated by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The FDA published interim regulations on December 21, 1993, as a mechanism for accrediting and certifying of facilities by October 1, 1994.
The FDA found 10,142 certified facilities operating as of December 15, 1994. During the first year of MQSA, 26 percent of facilities had significant violations, while 10 percent did on the second round of inspections. On October 28, 1997, the FDA published a set of comprehensive final regulations, which become effective on April 28, 1999, guiding the accreditation process. They accredited and certified 10,161 mammography facilities as of December 31, 1997.
A 1998 estimate concluded that inspections cost each facility $1,549 annually and the average cost to reach compliance with MQSA was $18,000. Costs of meeting the interim regulations, including staff training, equipment upgrades, enhancement of quality assurance programs, and improved notification of examination results to patients, was estimated to be $24 million annually. The additional cost of facility compliance with the 1997 regulations increased this figure to $62 million annually.
The number of certified facilities operating on December 31, 1997, was about 4 percent less than prior to when MQSA went into effect on October 1, 1994. Of the 369 closures just prior to October 1, 113 could be directly attributed to MQSA.
On November 9, 1997, the Senate passed S. 537, "The Mammography Quality Standards Reauthorization Act," by unanimous consent, to reauthorize MQSA for another five years.
Accrediting bodies.
MQSA requires facilities to "be accredited by an FDA-approved accreditation body." Currently the only nationally-approved body is the American College of Radiology (ACR).
State-level alternatives to the ACR are the Arkansas Department of Health, Iowa Department of Public Health, and Texas Department of State Health Services.
Effects on patients.
MQSA is intended to maintain high quality mammography in the United States and its territories. Changes in the final regulations directly affecting regular patients include:

</doc>
<doc id="6920680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920680" title="Cortez The Killer">
Cortez The Killer



</doc>
<doc id="6920688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920688" title="Sky Digital (UK)">
Sky Digital (UK)



</doc>
<doc id="6920690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920690" title="Prix du Conseil de Paris">
Prix du Conseil de Paris

The Prix du Conseil de Paris is a Group 2 flat horse race in France open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older. It is run at Longchamp over a distance of 2,400 metres (about miles), and it is scheduled to take place each year in October.
History.
The event was established in 1893, and it was originally called the Prix du Conseil Municipal. It was funded by Paris Municipal Council, which had recently signed a new leasehold of Longchamp Racecourse.
The Prix du Conseil Municipal was the second major international race introduced by the Société d'Encouragement. The first, the Grand Prix de Paris, had been launched thirty years earlier. Unlike that event, which was restricted to three-year-olds, the new race was open to horses aged three or older. The basic weights to be carried were 53 kg for three-year-olds and 58 kg for their elders. A penalty of up to 6 kg could be incurred for previous performances.
With an initial prize of 100,000 francs, the Prix du Conseil Municipal was France's second richest race after the Grand Prix de Paris. Prior to the creation of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe, it was the most prestigious event of Longchamp's autumn schedule.
Before World War I, the race regularly featured horses trained outside France. Three British horses were successful during this period. The event was abandoned throughout the war, with no running from 1914 to 1918. The Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe was introduced in 1920, and from this point the Prix du Conseil Municipal took place a week later. The interval was increased to a fortnight in 1925.
The race was cancelled once during World War II, in 1939. It was run at Auteuil over 2,600 metres in 1940, and at Le Tremblay over 2,300 metres in 1943 and 1944.
The present system of race grading was introduced in 1971, and the Prix du Conseil Municipal was classed at Group 2 level. It was renamed the Prix du Conseil de Paris in 1974, after reforms to the statutes of Paris.
Records.
Most successful horse (2 wins):
Leading jockey (4 wins):
Leading trainer (8 wins):
Leading owner (7 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="6920692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920692" title="Jean Brassart">
Jean Brassart



</doc>
<doc id="6920698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920698" title="Sooner Scooner">
Sooner Scooner



</doc>
<doc id="6920700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920700" title="Musique mesuré">
Musique mesuré



</doc>
<doc id="6920706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920706" title="14th Duke of Hamilton">
14th Duke of Hamilton



</doc>
<doc id="6920709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920709" title="Aphrica">
Aphrica

Aphrica is a collaboration album by Klaus Schulze, Rainer Bloss and Ernst Fuchs, with the painter Fuchs providing vocals. "Aphrica" was both released and withdrawn in 1984. Although the reason the album was taken off the market was mainly legal (the label Inteam had "forgotten" to make a contract with Fuchs), Schulze had very little positive to say about the collaboration in retrospect: "Besides, it's an awful album, just because of that silly singing or recitation. Fuchs tries to be "serious", but he's only involuntarily funny. In Germany we have the word "peinlich" for it." The press seemed to agree. According to "tip", a Berlin-based magazine, "(...) due to their grandiloquent dimwittedness, the lyrics provoke only tormented laughter." (June 1984) 

</doc>
<doc id="6920724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920724" title="Splash (disambiguation)">
Splash (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6920726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920726" title="Long Island (Washington)">
Long Island (Washington)

Long Island is an uninhabited island lying in the southern part of Willapa Bay in Pacific County, Washington, United States. It is the site of the Willapa National Wildlife Refuge, part of the U.S. National Wildlife Refuge System. The island has a land area of .

</doc>
<doc id="6920728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920728" title="Woman-born-woman">
Woman-born-woman



</doc>
<doc id="6920733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920733" title="Brady Valgardson">
Brady Valgardson



</doc>
<doc id="6920739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920739" title="The Agenda (Beast Wars)">
The Agenda (Beast Wars)



</doc>
<doc id="6920740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920740" title="The Debs">
The Debs



</doc>
<doc id="6920743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920743" title="Awards for Kathakali artistes">
Awards for Kathakali artistes



</doc>
<doc id="6920746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920746" title="FIBA Ranking">
FIBA Ranking



</doc>
<doc id="6920750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920750" title="Edison Courts">
Edison Courts

Edison Courts is a Miami-Dade 345-unit public housing apartment complex just west of the Little Haiti (Lemon City) neighborhood of Miami, Florida. Edison Courts is bounded to the south by North 62nd Street/Martin Luther King, Jr. Boulevard, by North 67th Street to the north, by West Second Avenue to the east, and by West Fourth Avenue to the west.
During the Great Depression, the Works Progress Administration (WPA) hired many local architects, contractors and workers to construct public works projects in Miami. The 345-unit low rent housing project Edison Courts, completed in 1941 and designed by the firm of Paist and Stewart with associate architects Robert Law Weed, Vladimir Virrick and E.L. Robertson, provided public housing for white people. It was similar in scale and design to the Liberty Square project, opened in 1937 and designed by the same firm. Both projects were integrated in the 1960s. Edison Courts has maintained most of its historic ambience and is a wonderful example of WPA craftsmanship and design. Notable Miami native and rapper Frantz Fatal mentions Edison Courts in many songs. He is from Lemon City and calls Edison Courts home.
Edison Courts is notable as the first low-rent housing project to have free hot water provided by solar water heaters. Each dwelling unit was to have on its roof a shallow glass-covered box with copper pipes running through it. The sun's rays would heat the water in the pipes to , after which it would be stored in an insulated tank for bathing and clothes washing.

</doc>
<doc id="6920754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920754" title="Live Two">
Live Two

Live Two was a CD by Coil which documents their live performance on 15 September 2001 at DK Gorbunova in Moscow, Russia. This CD was one of four releases in a series. Its counterparts are "Live Four", "Live Three" and "Live One". This album was later released as part of Coil's box set "The Key To Joy Is Disobedience".
Background.
"Something" was originally released in studio format on the album "Musick To Play In The Dark Vol. 2". "Higher Beings Command" was originally released in studio form on "Constant Shallowness Leads To Evil". "Amethyst Deceivers" was originally released on the single "". "What Kind Of Animal Are You?" has never been given a proper studio release, but was likely inspired by a track "For Us They Will" from "Gold is the Metal". "Blood From The Air" was originally released in studio form on the album "Horse Rotorvator". "The Green Child" originally appeared on the album "Constant Shallowness Leads To Evil". The finale, "Constant Shallowness Leads to Evil", is musically based on the latter half of the album of the same name, with its lyrics derived from a portion of "Tunnel of Goats".
An official VHS of this concert was released as "Live In Moscow". This (along with an alternate video angle version) is also included on the 'Colour Sound Oblivion' 16DVD box set.
For this recording, Coil were: Jhon Balance, Peter Christopherson, Thighpaulsandra and Tom Edwards.
This album is currently available in CD format at Coil's official website, Thresholdhouse.com.

</doc>
<doc id="6920755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920755" title="Just-so stories">
Just-so stories



</doc>
<doc id="6920758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920758" title="Cheyyar River">
Cheyyar River

Cheyyaru River is an important seasonal river that runs through the Tiruvannamalai District of the state of Tamil Nadu in South India. It is a tributary of Palar River, a river which originates in Jawadhu Hills and flows through Thiruvannamalai district before entering into the Bay of Bengal. The river receives most of its water from the Northeast and Southwest monsoons and is the major source of irrigation for several villages, including the towns of Cheyyaru and Vandavasi along its bank.
Temples.
An ancient temple, the Vedapureeswarar Temple anciently known as Vedhanadeshwarar temple situated on the bank of the river at Cheyyar town. There is a legend that Thirugnana Sambandar, one of the four great saivite saints, visited the temple and changed a male palm tree to a female palm tree which can yield palm fruit by singing verses in Tamil. The ancient name for Cheyyaru river is Sei Aaru (Child river) meaning that the river is created for a child to play. Legend says that Goddess Parvathi (Balakusalambigai or Ilamulainayagi) made a line on the earth's surface with her Trisul to make a river for her son, Lord Muruga to play. The river is still believed to be a Holy River even today in Cheyyar and Villages in the surrounding.

</doc>
<doc id="6920759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920759" title="Lesbian teen fiction">
Lesbian teen fiction



</doc>
<doc id="6920760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920760" title="Francesco Bernardone">
Francesco Bernardone



</doc>
<doc id="6920765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920765" title="World Grand Prix (darts)">
World Grand Prix (darts)

The BoyleSports World Grand Prix is a PDC darts tournament traditionally held in Dublin, Ireland every October, but has taken place in Leicester, England since 2021. Its original venue was the Casino Rooms in Rochester, Kent in 1998 and 1999, and then for one year only in 2000 at the Crosbie Cedars Hotel in Rosslare, County Wexford. In 2001, the tournament moved further north to the Citywest in Dublin. In 2009, the tournament moved from the Reception Hall at the main Citywest Hotel, to the newly completed bigger venue on site, the Citywest Hotel Convention Centre. In 2012, the tournament moved back to the Reception Hall for that year, before returning to the Convention Centre in 2013. 
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 2020 tournament was held at the Ricoh Arena, Coventry, and since 2021, it has been held at the Morningside Arena, Leicester. When the World Grand Prix was founded in 1998, it replaced the earlier World Pairs tournament which ran from 1995 to 1997.
The World Grand Prix was sponsored by bookmakers Paddy Power from 2001 to 2003, before Sky Bet took over in 2004. The subsidiary Sky Poker was the tournament's sponsor in 2008. In 2010, online gambling company Bodog became the event's title sponsor, while PartyPoker.com took over as the main sponsor in 2011. In 2016, Unibet took over as sponsor, with BoyleSports sponsoring the event since 2019.
Although he has dominated the event with eleven title wins, Phil Taylor has been knocked out of the World Grand Prix five times in the first round. In 2001, he lost 2–1 to qualifier Kevin Painter. in 2004, he was beaten 2–0 by Andy Callaby. in 2007, he lost 2–0 to Adrian Gray. in 2015, he was beaten 2–0 by Vincent van der Voort, and in 2016, he was beaten 2–1 by Steve West.
The current champion is Mike De Decker, who defeated Luke Humphries, by a margin of 6-4, in the 2024 final to win his first major and first World Grand Prix title.
Tournament format.
The tournament is unusual in that it is the only televised event in which players must commence and finish each leg on a double (including the bullseye).
There have been several different formats for the tournament. The first event in 1998 was a straight knock-out tournament played in a setplay format with each set being contested over the best of three legs. The following year this changed to the best of five legs per set. Furthermore, a group stage was introduced in 1999, with there only being four seeded players for the event, all of whom reached the semi-finals. In 2000, the tournament reverted to being a straight knock-out and has remained so ever since.
The double-start format also makes landing a perfect nine-dart finish even more difficult, as it limits the number of combinations and guarantees that a player must finish on the bullseye (unless they start with one). There were two famous near misses in the first two years, the first with Phil Taylor in the 1998 final against Rod Harrington, when Taylor was distracted by loud commentary from Sid Waddell just before throwing the eighth dart (which Taylor hit) before he missed the bullseye; and the second in the 1999 semi final, when Harrington missed the bullseye against Taylor. The first nine-darter in Grand Prix history was eventually completed by Brendan Dolan in the 2011 semi-final against James Wade. In 2014, James Wade and Robert Thornton both hit perfect legs in the same match, the first time this happened in any televised event. On all three occasions, the leg started with a score of 160 (starting on double 20), followed by 180, followed by finishing 161 with treble 20, treble 17, and bullseye.
Records and statistics.
Nine-dart finishes.
Three nine-darters have been thrown at the World Grand Prix. The first one was in 2011, the other two happened in the same game in 2014, notable as being the only televised match which has had nine-darters from both players.
High averages.
An average over 100 in a match in the World Grand Prix has been achieved 22 times, of which Phil Taylor is responsible for 9.
World Team Championship.
The World Team Championship event which preceded the introduction of this event was held between 1995 and 1997.
Media coverage.
The World Grand Prix has been broadcast in the UK by Sky Sports since the first tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="6920767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920767" title="Billy (dog)">
Billy (dog)

 
The Billy is a large scenthound originating from central western France.
Description.
The Billy may be pure white, off-white or grey, with some displaying orange or lemon-yellow spots on the head and body. The coat is short, smooth, and somewhat harsh to the touch. Weight is between 72 and 104 lbs (max. 47 kg), and height is 60–70 cm (approx. 2 ft 3 in) at the shoulder, for males, and 58–62 cm (approx. 2 ft), for females.
The Fédération Cynologique Internationale (FCI) standard suggests that the dog should gallop easily in its movement. The standard for the breed was established in 1885.
The Billy is not suitable for a small house, needing a lot of exercise and being difficult to restrain and extremely fast.
History and use.
The Billy was bred by Monsieur Gaston Hublot de Rivault Taco in the 19th century, and was named after his home, Château de Billy, in Poitou. The breed was created by combining the three original strains of the Poitevin: the Montemboeuf, Ceris and Larrye. While the extant Poitevin more-closely resembles the original, tricoloured Larrye line, de Rivault was more drawn to the paler colours associated with the Montemboeuf and Ceris lines, and colouration was a key factor when selecting breeding stock. The pack was dispersed in 1927, with the breed almost facing extinction, and only two hounds survived World War II; however, de Rivault's son, Anthony, set-about reviving the breed by judicious use of the Poitevin, the Porcelaine, and the Harrier.
The Billy became one of the foundational breeds used in the development of the Grand Anglo-Français Blanc et Orange in the late 19th century.
Today, the Billy remains a rare breed, though there are several packs in its native France, used to hunt roe deer and wild boar.

</doc>
<doc id="6920770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920770" title="38 Studios">
38 Studios

38 Studios, LLC was an American video game development studio and publisher based in Providence, Rhode Island. The company was founded in Maynard, Massachusetts, in 2006 as Green Monster Games by baseball player Curt Schilling. Schilling's goal was to create an original fantasy property, collaborating with writer R. A. Salvatore and artist Todd McFarlane on the fantasy setting of Amalur. From its inception, 38 Studios worked on a massively multiplayer online role-playing game known as "Project Copernicus", intended as their main product upon which other Amalur properties would be based. The company continued to grow its staff during its lifetime, acquiring Big Huge Games as a subsidiary in 2009.
A Big Huge Games prototype was reworked into "" (2012), a single-player RPG intended to introduce the Amalur setting. Also in development at 38 Studios was a tactical role-playing follow-up to "Rise of Nations". 38 Studios relocated to Providence in exchange for a $75 million loan from the local government. A combination of factors led to 38 Studios declaring bankruptcy in June 2012 with debts totaling over $150 million. Handling of the Rhode Island loan prompted several legal cases, though none led to prosecutions. There was extensive media coverage surrounding the studio's final months, the canceled "Project Copernicus", and its impact on former employees.
History.
Origins and "Project Copernicus" (2006–2009).
The concept for 38 Studios was created by Curt Schilling, a professional baseball player who in private life was an avid gamer. He attributed his wish to create a game of his own to disliking the design of the massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) "EverQuest II" (2004). Talking about his frustrations with people he knew at Sony Online Entertainment, he began discussing the possibility of founding his own game studio. Schilling wanted to gather high-profile game developers for his venture, with it later being compared to gathering a "super star" group. Later staff noted that Schilling's celebrity status and persuasion techniques brought many notable staff on board early on. The studio formation was announced on September 8, 2006. Originally called Green Monster Games, it was based at 5 Clock Tower in Maynard, Massachusetts. Schilling was chairman, while Schilling's uncle by marriage Bill Thomas was president and chief operating officer. Among its hires between 2006 and 2008 were industry veteran Brett Close as chief executive officer (CEO), former Electronic Arts staff member Jon Laff as chief technology officer (CTO), and "EverQuest" lead designer Travis McGeathy. In 2007, the company was renamed to 38 Studios (Schilling's uniform number), with the stated aim being to give a "more accurate reflection" of its goals. By 2008, 38 Studios was terming itself as an "entertainment company" with project goals beyond video game development. In October of that year, the company acquired "Azeroth Advisor", a dedicated newsletter platform for "World of Warcraft". Close described the acquisition as a means for both companies to prosper within the same genre space.
Schilling wanted to develop a large-scale title in the MMORPG genre, wanting a market competitor to "World of Warcraft". He later noted that it might have been easier to design in another genre. This game, which was known as "Project Copernicus", was based in the new fantasy world of Amalur. To create Amalur, Schilling brought in two well-known creators; fantasy author R. A. Salvatore who created the lore and ten millennia of backstory, and comic book artist Todd McFarlane to handle its artistic direction. The world and lore of Amalur would be the basis for a multimedia franchise, with Schilling comparing it to a modern-day "Lord of the Rings". "Project Copernicus" was initially scheduled for a 2011 release, with 38 Studios projecting annual profits of over $100 million from its revenue. 38 Studio's ambition was noted in 2009 in light of competition in the MMO market, and its high amount of spending without a single release. The studio's actions drew attention from the wider video game industry and media, with veteran Jason Booth noting that ambition was a requirement for success in the industry. Schilling tried to minimize his direct involvement with production, leaving that to other staff members from within the industry.
Subsidiaries and other projects (2009–2012).
In May 2009, 38 Studios acquired developer Big Huge Games as a subsidiary. Originally owned by THQ, Big Huge Games were known for their work on "Rise of Nations" (2003). The studio had been developing a game prototype since 2007 but were faced with closure before the buyout due to production and financial difficulties. Under 38 Studios, the prototype was repurposed into a single-player RPG that would introduce the Amalur universe; McFarlane and Salvatore oversaw the project, but the team were otherwise given creative freedom. Originally dubbed "Mercury", the game was eventually titled "". 38 Studios acted as co-publisher with Electronic Arts under the EA Partners program, with Electronic Arts contributing most of its development budget. In August, Close left 38 Studios, with former SVP of Business Development Jennifer MacLean taking over his position.
Also in production at Big Huge Games during the period was a game dubbed "Rise of Nations: Tactics". Being developed for iOS using the Unity game engine, the project was led by staff member Stuart Jeff based on his love of tactical role-playing games. He wanted to use the "Rise of Nations" assets and world to create a more tactical title. The game was described as "roughly" complete by early 2011, and Jeff had hoped to make it cross-playable across more platforms. Staff at 38 Studios took on the project later, but the project was shelved in early 2012 so work could focus on "Project Copernicus". Similarly in 2010, 38 Studios closed down the "Azaroth Advisor" service to focus on "Project Copernicus".
Due to uncertainty surrounding the market and the studio's goals, local venture capital firms declined to invest. Funding instead came from Schilling's personal fortune and smaller private donations from industry people such as Doug Macrae. Some potential investors were turned down by Schilling as he felt they did not value the studio's goals. An anonymous employee stated that while the company required a lot of money, these generally went to development tools and salaries. In July 2010, Schilling successfully negotiated a financial agreement with the state of Rhode Island; in exchange to moving to new premises in the state, the state would provide a loan to fund its projects. Schilling's pitch was to establish a new video game industry based in Rhode Island.
The loan was negotiated with the state's Economic Development Corporation (EDC), being granted to 38 Studios as bonds; the loan's amount, $75 million, was given by Schilling as the lowest possible to allow for relocation and continued development. Both EDC staff and politicians following the process were concerned about the risks associated with such a large loan. There was general controversy due to Rhode Island's low finances, and the risky nature of the venture. A vocal opponent of the loan was Lincoln Chafee, who later became state governor. The loan agreement was completed in November 2010, and the company had successfully moved its offices to One Empire Plaza in Providence, Rhode Island by April 2011, meeting agreed move times and job creation targets ahead of schedule. The studio was also developing Helios, a platform for integrating multiplayer and social media. Operating expenses for the studio totaled $118 million between 2006 and 2011. By 2012, the studio had three subsidiaries; Big Huge Games, Mercury Project, and Precision Jobs, and around 400 employees.
Bankruptcy proceedings (2012).
"Reckoning" released in February 2012 to critical praise, and its sales exceeded Electronic Arts's expectations. However its sales of 1.3 million copies were not enough, as 38 Studios needed two million in sales to break even. In February 2012, the studio instigated a temporary hiring freeze, which caused issues for some new members including Andy Johnson, who had joined as localization director in January. MacLean left the company on indefinite leave of absence in March, officially resigning in May. Also in March, two new staff members were hired, both veterans of MMO development; John Blakely joined as senior vice-president of development, while Mark Hansen was appointed senior vice-president of operations &amp; business. In early May 2012, the studio defaulted on a loan repayment installment to Rhode Island. The studio's situation and associated publicity were exacerbated by hostile comments from Chafee regarding the loan.
While "Project Copernicus" director Steve Danuser described the studio atmosphere during this time as optimistic, the unnamed wife of an employee described 38 Studios as having "a disharmonious work environment" hinting at growing troubles. Johnson described the executive staff as "pretty much like Titanic [survivors] clamoring at driftwood, trying to get ahold of things". Several approaches were made by Schilling to Sony Online Entertainment president John Smedley about selling "Project Copernicus", but Smedley turned him down due to the market not looking good for MMOs at that time. Schilling later felt that the studio suffered from "significant dysfunction" for which he was ultimately to blame due to his lack of business experience. By this point, the projected release of "Project Copernicus" had moved forward to 2013.
On May 18, the repayment check totaling over $1 million cleared, with the new funds attributed to suspending employee payroll and letting go of non-essential staff. Johnson remembered showing "Rise of Nations: Tactics" to executives in the weeks before the studio's bankruptcy, who started pushing for a quick release despite his insistence that more time was needed for development. A sequel to "Reckoning", intended to address criticism of the original, had entered pre-production. An unnamed video game publisher was close to approving $30 million in funding for the sequel, but withdrew the offer. Another investor offered funding if Rhode Island agreed to renegotiate the loan and grant $6 million in tax credits, pulling out when Rhode Island refused. Ted Nesi of news service WPRI-TV, which was covering the studio's issues, highlighted brain drain from other developers as another potential threat.
On May 24, all employees were let go without warning, causing development to halt on "Project Copernicus". The message from Thomas, described as written in "terse" language, caught employees unaware as they were generally kept in the dark about executive affairs so they could focus on game development. The studio was later described as "hemorrhaging cash" by EDC executive director Saul Kaplan. On June 7, 38 Studio filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy. According to the filing, 38 Studios and its subsidiaries owed $150.7 million to 1,079 creditors, with the largest sum owed to the EDC for a $115.9 million secured debt. At the time of bankruptcy, "Project Copernicus" was described as 75% complete.
Rhode Island Governor Lincoln Chafee was advised by Providence Equity Partners regarding the studio. Providence previously decided to invest in ZeniMax Media but chose not to do that with 38 Studios.
Impact.
The collapse of the studio and letting go of employees without warning caused distress among the staff, and many were left with financial obligations from moving to Rhode Island; due to the bankruptcy, they were also left without final paychecks or insurance. In response to the job losses, other game studios and publishers reached out to provide new jobs for the former employees, and a document showing available job applications within the industry was circulated through social media. Additionally a dedicated job fair was set up in Providence for industry promoters, and Rhode Island set up support for former employees so they could file for unemployment support. Former 38 Studios employees began receiving portions of their due salaries in August 2021, expected to range between 14 and 20 percent of what they were to make before bankruptcy. Several Big Huge Games employees formed a new company under Epic Games dubbed "Epic Baltimore" in 2012, eventually buying back the Big Huge Games name and reforming the studio in 2013 with a focus on the mobile market.
Following 38 Studios' bankruptcy, the Rhode Island government took over the company assets. The assets were put up for an auction; originally planned for November 2013, interest from the game industry prompted a delay to December. The Big Huge Games label was purchased by Reynolds to reform the company, while "Rise of Nations" and associated properties including the "Tactics" game were sold to an unknown buyer. The Amalur properties did not sell, and the auction raised $320,000, which fell short of Rhode Island's expectations. Subsequently, Jeff Easley was described as the studio's only remaining employee, tasked with keeping the technical aspects of "Project Copernicus" running until a buyer could be found. Maintaining the studio in this form cost around $15,000 per month. In September 2018, the Amalur rights and properties were acquired by THQ Nordic.
In parallel with the bankruptcy, the Providence Police, the Rhode Island State Police, the Rhode Island attorney general's office, the U.S. Attorney’s Office, and the FBI began investigations into how the studio managed to get approval for the loan. Chafee ordered an outside firm to conduct a forensic audit of the studio's finances. Rhode Island passed a law that protected those associated with the loan and its later legal issues from further independent prosecutions if they settled with the state. An attempt in 2014 to settle for some of the loan was initially blocked by those opposed to the law. One plaintiff, a member of the EDC, dropped his separate case due to a lack of resources and not wanting to distract from the main legal issues. The case concluded in 2016 with no criminal charges filed due to insufficient evidence of criminal wrongdoing, with Rhode Island State Police Colonel Steven O’Donnell commenting that "a bad deal does not always equate to an indictment."
A civil suit was filed in November 2012 by the Rhode Island government against Schilling and thirteen other defendants−both individuals and firms−in response to the findings of the audit. The case ended in 2017 with parties agreeing to settle for a total of $61 million. The case was in the Rhode Island Superior Court's Business Calendar, a specialized business court track, before Associate Justice Michael A. Silverstein. Following settlements with the other defendants, and after payment of legal fees, Rhode Island was left with a debt of over $38 million, which had to be paid with public money. In March 2016, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) brought separate charges of bank fraud against the EDC and Wells Fargo, the bank that approved the loan. The SEC alleged that both parties knew the loan was not enough to successfully fund the production of "Project Copernicus". The SEC's fraud case was concluded in 2019 with a private settlement between the parties. In March, Wells Fargo settlement over $800,000 was approved by a federal judge.
Reception.
Several staff members attributed the studio's collapse to overspending money, excessive optimism around the studio's core project, and a lack of new funding. While later accused by the EDC to pushing the studio into bankruptcy, Chafee stated he wanted to do whatever possible to keep the company afloat except investing more money. Schilling and other employees blamed Chafee's negative comments for triggering the studio's final collapse. Schilling was also blamed by some former employees due to apparent efforts to exploit the situation to gain sympathy. Schilling, who lost $60 million with the bankruptcy, later admitted to and apologised for the poor treatment of staff. Neither Salvatore nor McFarlane held ill will over the failed venture.
Alexa Ray Corriae of "Polygon" described her 2012 article concerning the spouse of a former employer as "[offering] very real, very heartbreaking human faces" to the studio's collapse. As part of a different 2012 article going into the studio, "Gamasutra" Leigh Alexander noted the community spirit reported among employees, who felt the studio's collapse was due more to executive and political factors than Schilling personally. Employee stories were also highlighted in reports by "Boston Magazine" in 2012, "The New York Times" in 2013, and "Bloomberg News" in 2021. Brendan Sinclair, writing for "GamesIndustry.biz" in 2022, highlighted 38 Studios and the production of "Project Copernicus" as a cautionary tale of over-ambition and an example of bad employer practices within the gaming industry. Other industry figures cited the collapse of 38 Studios and "Project Copernicus" as part of a wider trend in the market away from the MMO genre.

</doc>
<doc id="6920775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920775" title="FIBA Rankings">
FIBA Rankings



</doc>
<doc id="6920776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920776" title="Monetǎria Statului">
Monetǎria Statului



</doc>
<doc id="6920781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920781" title="FIBA World Ranking">
FIBA World Ranking



</doc>
<doc id="6920790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920790" title="FIBA Men's World Ranking">
FIBA Men's World Ranking

The FIBA Men's World Ranking, are FIBA's rankings of national basketball teams. FIBA ranks both men's and women's national teams for both senior and junior competitions. It also publishes combined rankings for all mixed-sex competitions. Not included are the rankings for three-on-three competitions, which are tabulated for individual players.
The ranking system compares teams based on the weighted average rating points they earn in games over the last eight years. Teams earn a certain amount of rating points for each game based on the margin of victory/defeat, site of game and strength of opponent. Each game's rating points are then weighted by factors including the time of game, competition/region, competition stage and round reached.
The ranking is currently sponsored by Nike; as such, the names Nike FIBA World Ranking or FIBA World Ranking Men, presented by Nike are also used.
History.
In its previous ranking system before October 2017, FIBA used a competition-based system which awarded points based on the final standings of FIBA final tournaments. The system weighted all results within the eight-year period equally and did not consider the results of qualifiers for tournaments.
Until the 2016 Olympic Games, the Olympics and the men's world championship gave 5 points each toward the ranking. Since the new FIBA ranking system was launched, these two tournaments had their score devalued to 2.5 points for playing in a World championship, and 2 points for playing in an Olympic game since 2017.
Calculation.
Only FIBA tournaments consisting of full five-a-side teams are used in calculations for the rankings. Other tournaments, such as regional championships, invitationals, three-on-three half-court basketball, and friendlies are not included.
On October 11, 2017, FIBA radically changed its ranking system for men's national teams when Nike became FIBA's strategic partner. The changes saw the ranking system switching from the previous competition-based system to a game-based system. Every game played by a national team within the last eight years in the World Cup, Olympics, continental championships, and qualifiers for these events is included in the calculations. 
FIBA uses a weighted arithmetic mean to determine the average rating points a team has earned in games in the last eight years. The weighted average rating points are then compared to determine the rankings.
Rating points per game.
A team's final rating points for a particular game is the "sum" of basis, home/away, and opposition ranking points as follows.
Basis points.
Each game in a ranking tournament is initially valued at 1,000 "basis points," divided between the two teams as follows:
Home or away points.
The basis points are adjusted based on the site of the game, with FIBA calling this adjustment "home or away" points. During the finals of ranking tournaments, only games played by a host team in its own country count as "home" games; all others are treated as neutral-site games. Adjustments are:
Opposition ranking points.
The basis points are also adjusted to reflect the strength of the opponent. FIBA determines what it calls "opposition ranking points" by the following formula:
Weighting.
The new calculations continue to account for the specific tournament and region, as in the former procedure, but no longer explicitly consider a team's final tournament placement.
The rating points of each game (above) are weighted by the game's weight (W), which is the product of the time decay, competition/region, competition stage, and round weights, as follows.
Time decay.
In a new feature, a "time decay" factor has been introduced into the calculations. More-recent games carry the greatest weight, steadily declining until falling out of the calculations after 8 years:
Competition and region weights.
Each game has a specific "competition and region weight," with continental competition and FIBA World Cup qualification games assigned the weight of the respective region.
FIBA World Ranking weights for men's events:
From 2017, teams from FIBA Asia and FIBA Oceania compete for a single regional championship under the FIBA Asia banner.
Competition stage weight.
In a new feature, FIBA also weights game results by the "competition stage weight."
Round weight.
Additionally, FIBA has added a "round weight" (R) to the system, giving each "victory" in a final tournament (World Cup, Olympics, or continental championship) a weighting based on the round in which it takes place, with later round wins weighted more greatly. Games in pre-qualifiers, qualifiers and results of the losing team in final tournaments all carry a round weight of R=1.
While different tournaments have different formats, the semi-finals are usually round 3 or 4, while the final is usually round 4 or 5.
Cycle and updates.
Rankings are now updated after every individual game in a ranking tournament (including qualifiers for such tournaments).
Women's rankings.
In November 2019, FIBA introduced a game-based ranking procedure similar to that currently used for men's rankings for women's teams, replacing the former competition-based ranking.

</doc>
<doc id="6920797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920797" title="Punta El Chiquirín">
Punta El Chiquirín

Punta El Chiquirín is the easternmost point of the mainland of El Salvador (not counting the land border with Honduras). It is located at and overlooks the Gulf of Fonseca.

</doc>
<doc id="6920798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920798" title="Tom Johnson (American boxer)">
Tom Johnson (American boxer)

Tom Johnson (born July 15, 1964) is an American former boxer who was the IBF featherweight champion of the world.
Professional career.
Known as "Boom Boom", Johnson turned pro in 1986 and in 1991 challenged Manuel Medina for the IBF Featherweight Title, losing a technical decision. In 1993 he rematched Medina and was able to win the title with a narrow split decision victory. Johnson was able to successfully defend the title 11 times including against Jose Badillo in Germany, before losing the belt to the young phenom Naseem Hamed via 8th round TKO. Johnson never challenged for a major title again, and retired in 2002 after being TKO'd by Jorge Páez.
Personal life.
In his personal life, Johnson is partnered with Sandra Reeves Jackson (aka Lois Reeves) of the Motown group, Martha and the Vandellas

</doc>
<doc id="6920799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920799" title="Hell on Wheels (2004 film)">
Hell on Wheels (2004 film)

Höllentour (literally meaning "Hell Tour") is a 2004 German film. The US release (with English subtitles) was titled "Hell on Wheels." The film is a record of the 100th anniversary "Tour de France" in 2003 from the perspective of Germany's Team Telekom, focusing on riders Erik Zabel and Rolf Aldag. The film is directed by who won an Academy Award for Live Action Short Film in 1993 for "Black Rider" ("Schwarzfahrer").
In 2004, Mona Bräuer won a German Film Critics Award for Best Editing (Bester Schnitt).
Subsequent to the making of the documentary, several of the Telekom cyclists involved, including Zabel and Aldag, either confessed to illegal doping to enhance performance or were caught doing so, which drew more interest to the film.

</doc>
<doc id="6920802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920802" title="Punta El Chiquirin">
Punta El Chiquirin



</doc>
<doc id="6920803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920803" title="Murasoli Maran">
Murasoli Maran

Murasoli Maran (17 August 1934, Thirukkuvalai – 23 November 2003) was an Indian politician and leader of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) party, which was headed by his maternal uncle and mentor, M. Karunanidhi. A Member of Parliament for 36 years, he was Union Minister in three separate central governments, and in charge of Urban Development in the V. P. Singh government; Industry in the Gowda and Gujral governments; and Commerce and Industry under Vajpayee. Outside of politics, Maran was a journalist and scriptwriter for films.
Biography.
Murasoli Maran was born on 17 August 1934 to Shanmugasundari, the elder sister of M. Karunanidhi, in Thirukkuvalai, Madras Presidency in present-day Tamil Nadu. After completing his basic education in his hometown, he moved to Madras to get an M.A. from Pachaiyappa's College and Madras Law College. While at school, he became involved with DMK. Before joining politics, he was an editor for the Tamil daily newspaper "Murasoli" and the English weekly "The Rising Sun". He also worked on the Tamil-language publications "Kungumam", "Muththaram", "Vannathirai" and "Sumangali". Maran later worked as a social worker. He was vocal against Hindi being introduced in Tamil Nadu and was arrested during the Agitation of 1965. He was detained for a year under the Maintenance of Internal Security Act.
Maran was first elected to Lok Sabha in 1967, followed by a reelection in 1971. He was a member of Rajya Sabha from 1977 to 1995, during which he was on the Committee on Public Undertakings for three terms. Other committees he took part in were the General Purposes Committee (1980–1982); the Public Accounts Committee (1980–1982, 1991-1995); the Committee on the Welfare of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (1982–1983, 1987-1988); and the Committee on Subordinate Legislation (1988–1989); the Joint Parliamentary Committee to enquire into irregularities in the securities and banking transactions (1992–1993). He also served as Union Cabinet Minister, first in Urban Development (1989-1990), then in Industry (1996-1998, 1999-2002). He then returned to Lok Sabha in 1996, 1998, and 1999. Prior to his death in November 2003, he was a Cabinet Minister without portfolio.
Maran married Mallika on 15 September 1963 he and they had two sons, Dayanidhi and Kalanithi, and one daughter, Anbukarasi. Dayanidhi Maran previously served as an MP and Union Minister and Kalanithi owns Sun TV. Anbukarasi is a cardiologist. Maran was admitted to Houston Methodist Hospital in the United States on 14 November 2002 with heart (hypertrophic cardiomyopathy) and kidney issues. He later received treatment at Apollo Hospital in Chennai. In late 2003, he fell into a coma, eventually dying aged 69 on 23 November 2003. Then-Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee was among those who attended his funeral in Chennai.
Filmography.
Outside of politics, Maran was involved in the Tamil-language film industry, writing screenplays for more than 20, producing five, and directing two. The Sangeet Natak Academy conferred the title "Kalai-Mamani" in 1975. He was awarded the President's Certificate of Merit and Tamil Nadu Government Award for three films in the category Best Feature Film.

</doc>
<doc id="6920804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920804" title="Punta Chiquirín">
Punta Chiquirín



</doc>
<doc id="6920806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920806" title="Ewing tumor">
Ewing tumor



</doc>
<doc id="6920807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920807" title="Punta Chiquirin">
Punta Chiquirin



</doc>
<doc id="6920810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920810" title="Tom &quot;Boom Boom&quot; Johnson">
Tom &quot;Boom Boom&quot; Johnson



</doc>
<doc id="6920823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920823" title="Brad Little (actor)">
Brad Little (actor)

Brad Little (born April 10, 1964) is an American musical theatre actor and baritone singer who has appeared in a number of Broadway and touring productions, most notably "The Phantom of the Opera".
After several regional productions (one of which won him a Barrymore Award for Best Actor in a Musical), he made his national debut in 1988 in the United States national tour of "Anything Goes" as Billy Crocker. The next year, he took the role of Perchik in the Broadway and national tour productions of "Fiddler on the Roof"; in 1993, he played Cpt. De Castel Jaloux in "". He is known for being the longest running Phantom worldwide in Andrew Lloyd Webber’s musical "The Phantom of the Opera".
From 1995 to 1997, Little joined the Broadway cast of Andrew Lloyd Webber's "The Phantom of the Opera" as Raoul, Vicomte de Chagny. From 1997 to 1999 and 2002 to 2004, he was in the musical's national tour in the title role of The Phantom. In September and October 2002, he temporarily replaced Howard McGillin as The Phantom on Broadway. From 2005 to 2007 and 2009, Brad joined the World Tour cast of the musical which toured Shanghai, Seoul, Taipei, Hong Kong, and Singapore. He returned to the role in the World Tour cast from 2012 to 2016 for the second and subsequent seasons in Seoul, Bangkok, Singapore and Shanghai, and has become the world’s longest running Phantom after his tour in Shanghai. He is one of the few men who have played the role of The Phantom for over 2,000 performances.
In 2006, he had a solo concert in South Korea that was recorded and released in CD format. In 2009, he toured with "Jekyll &amp; Hyde" in which he played the title roles. In 2010, he originated the role of Colonel Grayson in Frank Wildhorn's new musical "Tears of Heaven" which had its world premiere in South Korea. Also in 2010, he played Nick Arnstein in "Funny Girl" at the Wells Fargo Pavilion. In 2012, he was the understudy of Michael Cerveris as Juan Peron in the acclaimed Broadway revival production of "Evita".
In Europe, he is known for starring as Jesus in "Jesus Christ Superstar" and as Tony in "West Side Story". Other musicals include: "Les Misérables" (Javert), "The Scarlet Pimpernel" (Percy), "Beauty and the Beast" (The Beast), "Evita" (Che), "Kiss Me, Kate" (Fed/Petruchio), "South Pacific" (Lt. Cable), and "The Who's Tommy" (Capt. Walker), among others. He also most recently toured South Korea playing Old Deuteronomy in "Cats".
Little was married to actress Barbara McCulloh but has since divorced and moved to South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="6920824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920824" title="MPC60">
MPC60



</doc>
<doc id="6920829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920829" title="Paris Peace treaties (1947)">
Paris Peace treaties (1947)



</doc>
<doc id="6920830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920830" title="Anthony B. Atkinson">
Anthony B. Atkinson



</doc>
<doc id="6920833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920833" title="Premier League Darts">
Premier League Darts

Premier League Darts, known for sponsorship purposes in 2024 as BetMGM Premier League Darts, is a darts tournament which launched on 20 January 2005 on Sky Sports. Now played weekly from February to May, the event originally started as a fortnightly fixture in small venues around the United Kingdom. The tournament originally featured seven players, gradually expanded to ten by 2013, before reduced again from 2022 to eight players from the Professional Darts Corporation circuit competing in a knockout style format, with nights also hosted in Europe at different venues. The top four players in the PDC Order of Merit are joined by four wildcard selections to make up the eight-person field. Alongside the World Championship and the World Matchplay, it is considered part of the sport's Triple Crown.
While active, Phil Taylor dominated the event, winning six of the thirteen tournaments he appeared in. He went unbeaten throughout the first three seasons before James Wade ended his 44 match run in the first match of the 2008 season. A new champion was to be crowned after Mervyn King defeated him in the 2009 semi-finals, where Wade defeated King 13–8 in the final, to pick up the £125,000 first prize. Taylor defeated Wade the following season to claim his fifth title in the competition in 2010, achieving two nine-dart finishes in the final, the only player to achieve this accomplishment.
Although there have been eight overall winners of the Premier League, the league stage has been dominated by Taylor and Michael van Gerwen, with Taylor topping the table for each of the first eight editions and van Gerwen winning the next seven. In 2020, Glen Durrant became the third player to finish top after all league fixtures had been completed. He went on to win the title, meaning all three players both topped the table and won the play-offs at their first attempt. In 2024, this feat was then repeated by Luke Littler who became the fourth player to both top the table following the completion of the league stage and then win the play-offs on their debut Premier League appearance. 
The prize fund has risen from £265,000 in the early years of the tournament, steadily increasing each year for a prize fund of £1,000,000 in 2022. The winner currently receives £275,000.
Television coverage.
The matches have been broadcast on Thursday nights on Sky Sports since the tournament inception. Originally the league alternated with Premier League Snooker one week and Premier League Darts the next. From 2006, the snooker moved to late autumn – giving the Premier League darts a straight weekly run in the spring.
American sports channel OLN aired the 2006 Premier League Darts season on a slight delay, in August 2006. In 2018, BBC America started airing Premier League Darts on Thursday nights. In 2020, BBC America started airing Premier League Darts on Sunday mornings.
German sports channel Sport1 broadcasts most matches live on TV and gives coverages of a selection of matches.
The PDC announced in December 2017 that the contract with Sky Television for coverage of the Premier League had been extended to 2025.
Records and statistics.
Nine-dart finishes.
Nineteen nine-dart finishes have been thrown in the Premier League. The first one was in 2006, and the most recent one was in 2025.
Appearances.
Since the tournament made its debut in 2005, Phil Taylor made an appearance in every Premier League competition until his retirement following the 2018 PDC World Darts Championship. Raymond van Barneveld competed in every Premier League from 2006 to 2019. From 2005 until the 2010 tournament, the top six players in the PDC Order of Merit after the PDC World Darts Championship automatically qualified, with one wildcard (2005 and 2006) and two wildcards (2007–2010) chosen by either the PDC or Sky Sports. From the 2011 tournament, only the top four in the PDC Order of Merit automatically qualified, with four wildcards (2011 and 2012) chosen by both the PDC and Sky Sports. In 2013, the tournament grew from eight players to ten, with the top four players in the PDC Order of Merit automatically qualifying and six other players chosen as Wildcards on the basis of their performance in the past year or in earlier editions of the Premier League. In 2022, the tournament shrank back down to eight.
In 2024, both Luke Humphries and Luke Littler have made their debuts, with Littler, aged 17 years and 11 days when the 2024 campaign began, the youngest ever competitor in the Premier League. Littler would also become the youngest player to win the Premier League, aged 17 years and 123 days.
Premier League players and performance.
When Gary Anderson withdrew from the 2019 season just before it began, Chris Dobey, Glen Durrant, Steve Lennon, Luke Humphries, John Henderson, Nathan Aspinall, Max Hopp, Dimitri Van den Bergh and Jeffrey de Zwaan were named as "contenders" to play in Anderson's place each of the first eight weeks. This format was reused for the 2020 season, with nine regular players and nine challengers; Henderson, Fallon Sherrock, Jonny Clayton, William O'Connor, Humphries, Bunting, Dobey, de Zwaan and Jermaine Wattimena were the challengers.

</doc>
<doc id="6920847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920847" title="Alden biezen">
Alden biezen



</doc>
<doc id="6920851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920851" title="Universidad Francisco de Paula Santander">
Universidad Francisco de Paula Santander



</doc>
<doc id="6920861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920861" title="Lauren Myracle">
Lauren Myracle

Lauren Myracle (born May 15, 1969) is an American writer of young adult fiction. She has written many novels, including the three best-selling "IM" books, "ttyl", "ttfn" and "l8r, g8r". Her book "Thirteen Plus One" was released May 4, 2010.
Early life.
Myracle was born in Brevard, North Carolina, and is the oldest of three sisters and has three older brothers. She grew up in Atlanta, Georgia, where she attended Trinity School and The Westminster Schools. Myracle earned a BA in English and Psychology from University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill where she was inducted into Phi Beta Kappa.
After graduation, Myracle worked for some time as a middle-school teacher in Gwinnett County, Georgia, and participated in the JET Programme in Japan. Myracle later earned an MA in English from Colorado State University, where she taught for two years and an MFA in Writing for Children and Young Adults from Vermont College.
Career.
Myracle's first novel, "Kissing Kate", was released in 2003. Her middle-grade novel, "Eleven", came out 2004, and "Twelve" came out in 2007. Myracle published "The Fashion Disaster that Changed My Life" in 2005. "Thirteen" was released in March 2008. She came out with the book "Thirteen Plus One" in 2010. She also wrote "Rhymes with Witches" and "Bliss", which came out in 2008, is its prequel. She also has a book entitled "How to Be Bad" with E. Lockhart and Sarah Mlynowski.
The Internet Girls series comprises "ttyl" (talk to you later), "ttfn" (ta ta for now), and "l8r, g8r" (later, gator). It features three friends—Zoe, Maddie, and Angela—who experience typical high school drama: boys, drugs, alcohol, parties, driving, and college prep. The novels "ttyl" and "ttfn" were both "New York Times" bestsellers, and "ttyl" was the first novel to be written entirely in instant messages. Most of Myracle's novels take place in Atlanta, Georgia and are inspired by her childhood friends and experiences, and her large diverse family.
In November, 2011, she published "Shine", which is set in rural western North Carolina and deals with a young girl's search for the perpetrators of a hate crime against her gay friend.
Her latest work, released in August, 2013, is entitled "The Infinite Moment of Us". According to Publishers Weekly, the coming of age story "is a rewarding account of two young people whose insecurities and personal histories weigh on the romance they work to build with each other."
Censorship.
Myracle's books, especially the "Internet Girls" series, have regularly been included in the American Library Association's lists of the most frequently banned and challenged books in the United States. Challengers content the book due to offensive language and sexually explicit content, as well as being unsuited for the age group and going against a religious viewpoint. The series was the ninth-most censored book between 2010 and 2019. In 2009 and 2011, they topped the association's list for the top ten most censored books of the year. The book was also included in the top-ten list for 2008 (third) and 2007 (seventh).
Scholastic Books nearly refused to carry "Luv Ya Bunches" at its national school book fair events because the book features lesbian mothers. Scholastic recanted its initial decision after a large internet outcry.
In 2022, three of Myracle's novels ("ttyl, ttfn," and "Shine") were listed among 52 books banned by the Alpine School District following the implementation of Utah law H.B. 374, “Sensitive Materials In Schools," 42removed books “feature LBGTQ+ characters and or themes.” Many of the books were removed because they were considered to contain pornographic material according to the new law, which defines porn using the following criteria:
Myracle has spoken at length about the angry responses she has received from those upset with her work such as one parent who stated that she could not “believe [that Myracle] introduced [her] 13-year-old daughter to thong underwear.” Another opponent was appalled at a hot tub scene in "ttyl" while a separate writer stated that the author did not have the right to “influence young girls to follow in [her] horrible footsteps.” Overall, the author herself has noted that opponents tend to consistently get upset over three subjects often found in her books: thongs, tampons and erections.
Myracle is highly critical of adults attempting to keep books away from teenagers, believing that kids are smart enough to understand the message in books and learn their lessons. Regarding her own children's reading, she says "As a mom, I want my kids to read any book they want! I want them to read."
Awards and honors.
Her first novel, "Kissing Kate", was selected an Allie McNamara ALA Best Books for Young Adults for the year 2004. Booklist selected it as one of the "Top Ten Youth Romances" of the year, as well as one of the "Top Ten Books by New Writers".
"Rhymes with Witches" is included in Anita Silvey's "500 Great Books for Teens" and was nominated for "Best Books for Young Adults" by the American Library Association.
National Book Foundation controversy.
In October, 2011, a controversy occurred when the National Book Foundation listed "Shine" as one of the five finalists for its annual National Book Award for Young People's Literature. Then it announced a mistake: "Chime" was the intended finalist; it would make an exception and consider six finalists. Shortly thereafter, NBF asked her to withdraw "Shine" from consideration and Myracle agreed to do so.
Published works.
Series.
Upside-Down Magic (2015–2019).
This series was co-written with Sarah Mlynowski and E. Lockhart.

</doc>
<doc id="6920862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920862" title="Brian Joseph Burton">
Brian Joseph Burton



</doc>
<doc id="6920864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920864" title="Brian J. Burton">
Brian J. Burton



</doc>
<doc id="6920869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920869" title="Nicolas Terol">
Nicolas Terol



</doc>
<doc id="6920874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920874" title="Aramango District">
Aramango District

Aramango is a district of the province of Bagua. The first settlers were the families aguarunas (Holy family and Cumbia), that were located, in what today it is the Principal Park, with the arrival of the colonists in the year 1955 approximately, native these were displaced, sheltering in the first moment in the Native Community of the Reservation Ujucamo and others went to the interior of the forest.
The first colonists who took positions of native grounds in today District of Aramango were the gentlemen: Gonzalo Flores, Javier Milián, the Carlos Flores Acuña the second Eliseo Cotrina Barrantes, Nehemías Silva Terrones, and others that later were going away union and to form the colony of half-caste.
These persons report that they had to face weapon to hardened and brave native and like that to take possession of the ground you fertilize of Aramango, likewise they report that they had to happen for many fortunes due to the climate for his constant rains and illnesses.
These first colonists were coming from the department of Cajamarca, who with covering the time, organized themselves in political and administrative form, this way choosing his first Lieutenant Governor mister José Santos Briceño and the first Municipal Agent mister Juan Terrones Carvajal. With covering the time one was populating and increasing the families, to be able to put his children to the school, it put itself in management on his first school that I create to him in the year 1957, having as his first teacher missis Lidia Altamirano.
Aramango split in two regions of the river Aramango towards the South I locate the native communities The Reservation and that up to the date continue in position of his ground and of the river Aramango to the North the colonists locate and that today are big farmers of coffee, orange, banana, and others devote themselves to the upbringing of dairy cattle. Since he wants that the population was growing every you see more, the colonists turn out to be forced to delimit his territory and power like that to create it as district, it relied on with his requisites of law and one proceeded to the management.
Such is the case that in año1961 creates to itself the district of Aramango by means of the Legislative decree 13789 on December 28 then it was as President of Peru mister Manuel Prado. Of what the settlers of Aramango are grateful to the General of Division of the Peruvian Army Don Miguel Monteza Tafur, who supported with the management of the district so that make a reality, and that today take the name the Educational Institution of Secondary Level Miguel Monteza T. When the district is created he is nominated his first Mayor who was mister Carlos Flores Acuña, who died in July 14th 2020. Today it relies on with 6 That I Centre towns and 54 hamlets. 

</doc>
<doc id="6920878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920878" title="Ryder Cup 2006">
Ryder Cup 2006



</doc>
<doc id="6920880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920880" title="Mihai Radulescu">
Mihai Radulescu



</doc>
<doc id="6920888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920888" title="Impalas">
Impalas



</doc>
<doc id="6920895" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920895" title="PDC World Darts Championship">
PDC World Darts Championship

The PDC World Darts Championship, known for sponsorship purposes as the Paddy Power World Darts Championship is a world championship competition held annually in the sport of darts. The championship begins in December and ends in January and has been held at Alexandra Palace in London, since 2008. Organised by the Professional Darts Corporation (PDC), it is the most prestigious of their tournaments, with the winner receiving the Sid Waddell Trophy, named in honour of the darts commentator Sid Waddell. Along with the Premier League Darts and World Matchplay, it is part of the Triple Crown.
The PDC championship began in 1994 as the WDC World Darts Championship as one of the consequences of the split in darts, which saw the World Darts Council break away from the BDO. As a result of the settlement between the BDO and the WDC in 1997, the WDC became the PDC, and players were then free to choose which world championship to enter (but not both in the same year), as long as they met certain eligibility criteria. Both organisations continued to organize their own world championship until the 2020 editions, after which the BDO folded.
There have been thirteen different winners since the tournament's inception. With 14 wins from 25 appearances, Phil Taylor dominated the competition until last winning it in 2013. Other players to win more than once are John Part (2003 &amp; 2008), Adrian Lewis (2011 &amp; 2012), Gary Anderson (2015 &amp; 2016), Michael van Gerwen (2014, 2017 &amp; 2019) and Peter Wright (2020 &amp; 2022). The one-time winners are the inaugural champion Dennis Priestley (1994), Raymond van Barneveld (2007), Rob Cross (2018), Gerwyn Price (2021), Michael Smith (2023), Luke Humphries (2024) and Luke Littler (2025).
History.
In 1992, some high-profile players, including all previous winners of the BDO World Darts Championship still active in the game, formed the WDC, and in 1994, held their first World Championship. Dennis Priestley won the inaugural competition.
The players who broke away were taking a significant gamble – the tournament was broadcast on satellite television rather than terrestrial, and from 1994 to 2001, the prize fund for the players in the WDC/PDC World Championship was lower than the prize fund in the (BDO version, although the 1997 PDC World Champion received £45,000 compared to that year's BDO World Champion receiving £38,000. In 2002, the PDC prize fund overtook that of the BDO for the first time, and the PDC event now boasts the largest prize fund of any darts competition. In 2010, the prize fund reached £1 million for the first time, with the champion collecting £200,000.
The 2014 and 2015 PDC world champions collected £250,000 for their wins. For the next three years, the winner's share increased by £50,000 each year culminating in a 2018 prize fund of £1.8 million. The prize fund for the tournament was £2.5 million with £500,000 to the winner from 2019. The 2025/26 World Championship will see the field expand to 128 players with the prize fund increasing to £5 million with a record £1 million to the champion.
Venue.
The tournament has been held at Alexandra Palace in London since 2008, having previously been held at the Circus Tavern in Purfleet, Essex, from 1994 to 2007. Currently, the play takes place inside the venue's West Hall, which has a capacity of 3,200.
Records and statistics.
Nine-dart finishes.
Sixteen nine-dart finishes have been thrown at the World Championship. The first one was in 2009.&lt;br&gt;
Two have been made in world finals: firstly by Adrian Lewis in 2011 and then Michael Smith in 2023.
Averages.
Since the breakaway of the PDC players, there has been much debate about the relative merits of the players within each organisation. The debate often focuses on the three-dart averages of players in matches.
An average over 100 in a match in the PDC World Championship has since been achieved 195 times. This is compared to 21 times in the BDO World Championship, following the 2019 event. In 2010 Phil Taylor became the first player to average over 100 in all six rounds of the tournament. He repeated this feat (though lost the final) in 2015 and Michael van Gerwen achieved it in 2017 and 2019.
An average of over 105 in a match in the PDC World Championship has been achieved 40 times. The highest match average ever in the BDO World Championship is 103.83 by Raymond van Barneveld in his quarter-final victory over John Walton in 2004.
Note: Tournament averages above were calculated by summing the match averages of a player by the number of matches. This does not take into account the length of the matches. The true three dart average is defined by three times the "total points scored" divided by the "number of darts used". The real 2017 tournament average for Michael van Gerwen was 107.06.
Media.
Domestic broadcaster.
The PDC World Championship has been broadcast live and in its entirety by Sky Sports in the UK since its inception. Since 2009 the tournament has been presented in High Definition (HD). Their coverage is currently presented from a studio overlooking the interior of the Alexandra Palace venue.
The current presenting team is as follows:
Presenters:
Commentators:
Co-commentators/pundits:
Former presenters and commentators have been:
Overseas broadcasters.
Dutch broadcaster SBS6, having covered the BDO World Darts Championship for many years, also covered the event until RTL7 took over broadcasting. TV3 Sport (Denmark), Fox Sports (Australia), TSN (Canada), SuperSport (South Africa), Sky Sport (New Zealand), StarHub (Singapore), Ten Sports (India), CCTV (China), Showtime (Middle East), Ukraine TV, TVP Sport (Poland), NOVA Sport (Czech Republic and Slovakia), Sport1 (Germany, Hungary), Meersat (Malaysia), 7TV (Russia), Measat (Indonesia), J Sports (Japan), DAZN (USA, Italy), GOL TV (Spain) Eurosport (Romania), Viaplay (Iceland) and VTM4 (Belgium) now also broadcast the event.
Viewing figures.
Television viewing figures for the final are as follows:
Webcasting.
The PDC world championship events are now broadcast on www.livepdc.tv which shows the events live, highlights and also classic matches. This website is a subscription only viewing and is limited to certain territorial restrictions.
Video games.
The PDC have worked with various video game developers since 2006 to create a number of darts-themed titles based on the World Darts Championship tournament.
Their first game "PDC World Championship Darts" was developed by Mere Mortals for the PlayStation 2 and PC. The second game in the series was "PDC World Championship Darts 2008" developed by Mere Mortals for the PlayStation 2, PC, PlayStation Portable, Wii and Xbox 360. A year later Rebellion Developments took over development of the series, releasing PDC World Championship Darts 2009 for the Wii and Nintendo DS.
The most recent PDC World Darts Championship console game to be released was "PDC World Championship Darts Pro Tour" a darts video game for the PlayStation 3, Wii and Xbox 360. This game is the most comprehensive of the series featuring ten professional players and five official PDC tournaments including the PDC World Grand Prix, Las Vegas Desert Classic, PDC UK Open and the Holland Open.
In 2021 the PDC collaborated with Blueprint Gaming to develop "PDC World Darts Championship", an officially licensed slots game available to play on mobile devices and PC, the game was released in February 2021.
Sponsor.
The tournament has been sponsored by bookmaker Paddy Power in 2024. Previous sponsors have been:
Trophy.
Following popular darts commentator Sid Waddell's death on 11 August 2012, the decision was made to rename the champion's trophy to the Sid Waddell trophy from the 2013 tournament onwards.

</doc>
<doc id="6920897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920897" title="Morgan powers">
Morgan powers



</doc>
<doc id="6920898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920898" title="Ernst G. Straus">
Ernst G. Straus

Ernst Gabor Straus (February 25, 1922 – July 12, 1983) was a German-American mathematician of Jewish origin who helped found the theories of Euclidean Ramsey theory and of the arithmetic properties of analytic functions. His extensive list of co-authors includes Albert Einstein, Paul Erdős, Richard Bellman, Béla Bollobás, Sarvadaman Chowla, Ronald Graham, Lee Albert Rubel, Mathukumalli V Subbarao, László Lovász, Carl Pomerance, Moshe Goldberg, and George Szekeres.
Biography.
Straus was born in Munich, February 25, 1922, the youngest of five children (Isa, Hana, Peter, Gabriella) of a prominent Zionist attorney, Elias (Eli) Straus, and his wife Rahel Straus, a medical doctor and feminist. Ernst Gabor Straus came to be known as a mathematical prodigy from a very young age. Following the death of his father, the family fled the Nazi regime for Palestine in 1933, and Straus was educated at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem. Although he never received an undergraduate degree, Straus began graduate studies at Columbia University in New York, earning a PhD in 1948 under F. J. Murray. Two years later, he became the assistant of Albert Einstein. After a three-year stint at the Institute for Advanced Study, Straus took a position at the University of California, Los Angeles, which he kept for the rest of his life. Straus died July 12, 1983, of heart failure.
Straus's interests ranged widely over his career, beginning with his early work on relativity with Einstein and continuing with deep work in analytic number theory, extremal graph theory, and combinatorics. One of his best known contributions in popular mathematics is the Erdős–Straus conjecture that every number of the form 4/"n" has a three-term Egyptian fraction.

</doc>
<doc id="6920904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920904" title="Lunulae">
Lunulae



</doc>
<doc id="6920909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920909" title="Live One (Coil album)">
Live One (Coil album)

Live One was a double live album released by Coil. This CD was the fourth of four releases in a series. Its counterparts are "Live Four", "Live Three" and "Live Two". This album was later released as part of Coil's box set "The Key to Joy Is Disobedience".
Background.
"CD A" was originally released as "Coil Presents Time Machines". It is a recording of a performance which took place on 2 April 2000 at the Cornucopea festival in the Royal Festival Hall in London, England.
"CD B" is a recording of a live concert that took place at Sónar in Barcelona, Spain on 17 June 2000. The studio instrumental used during this performance has surfaced on the internet. The video for this show is also available on the "Colour Sound Oblivion" 16DVD set.
"Everything Keeps Dissolving", "Blue Chasms" and "Elves" are otherwise unreleased. However, "Elves" was widely circulated on the bootleg "Backwards", in its original studio form; That version, however, is notably absent of Balance's vocals. "Circulating" is a short version of the song "Queens of the Circulating Library", from the album with the same name.
Coil were: Jhon Balance, Peter Christopherson, Simon Norris, Thighpaulsandra on "CD A". "CD B" features all of the same artists as "CD A" with the addition of William Breeze.

</doc>
<doc id="6920912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920912" title="Andros Karperos Middle School">
Andros Karperos Middle School



</doc>
<doc id="6920914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920914" title="Shark anatomy">
Shark anatomy

Shark anatomy differs from that of bony fish in a variety of ways. Variation observed within shark anatomy is a potential result of speciation and habitat variation.
The five chordate synapomorphies.
The five chordate synapomorphies are present in chondrichthyes as follows. The five synapomorphies are pharyngeal slits, a dorsal nerve cord, notochord, endostyle, and the post-anal-tail which is depicted and labeled well on the chordates page. This image is helpful to visualize the regions where the five synapomorphies existed in chordates and what they looked like. In cephalochordates, the pharyngeal slit, or pharynx, are lateral to the throat of the chordate and work as filters by letting water pass over this region in order to retain nutrients and oxygen from gas exchange occurring. The dorsal nerve cord serves as a hollow-like backbone where signals are sent throughout the body due to nervous tissue being located in this region. The notochord is also toward the tail of the chordate but closer toward the middle of the body than the dorsal nerve cord and is a water-filled structure that allows the chordate to move in water. The endostyle is underneath the pharyngeal gill slits where proteins are trapped to eventually provide the chordate energy and sustenance. Lastly, the post-anal-tail is muscular and allows the chordate to move in water.
Identifying the five synapomorphies in sharks.
These evolved synapomorphies are crucial for the current shark's lifestyle, for example, the pharyngeal slit changed to become the jaw and gills. The dorsal nerve cord sends signals to the body like it has done before but now the dorsal nerve cord becomes the central nervous system (CNS). The notochord changed from allowing movement in water to discs being formed in between vertebrae allowing for protection and acting as a buffer when movement occurs. The endostyle is the homolog when compared to the thyroid gland and it pre-established itself before sharks; this adaptation was beneficial for the sharks' metabolism to become faster. The post-anal-tail helps the shark move in water but also helps with balance too.
Skeleton.
Sharks are cartilaginous fish. The skeleton of a shark is mainly made of cartilage. They belong to the class of Chondrichthyes. In particular, the endoskeletons are made of unmineralized hyaline cartilage which is more flexible and less dense than bone, thus making them expel less energy at high speeds. Each piece of skeleton is formed by an outer connective tissue called the perichondrium and then covered underneath by a layer of hexagonal, mineralized blocks called tesserae.
Fins.
Fins allow the sharks to be able to guide and lift themselves. Most sharks have eight fins: a pair of pectoral fins, a pair of pelvic fins, two dorsal fins, an anal fin, and a caudal fin. Pectoral fins are stiff, which enables downward movement, lift, and guidance. The members of the order Hexanchiformes have only a single dorsal fin. The anal fin is absent in the orders Squaliformes, Squatiniformes, and Pristiophoriformes. Shark fins are supported by internal rays called ceratotrichia.
Tail.
The tail of a shark consists of the caudal peduncle and the caudal fin, which provide the main source of thrust for the shark. Most sharks have heterocercal caudal fins, meaning that the backbone extends into the (usually longer) upper lobe. The shape of the caudal fin reflects the shark's lifestyle, and can be broadly divided into five categories:
Teeth.
Shark teeth are strong and made of enamel. Many sharks have 3 rows of teeth. These teeth are embedded in the gums, not the jaw. Sharks are born with teeth that are constantly being replaced. Teeth are replaced every two weeks, approximately. The shape of the teeth determine the diet of the shark. For instance, a shark with flat teeth are used for crushing shellfish, pointed teeth are used for gripping fish, while the notoriously sharp teeth with jagged edges are used for large prey.
Internal organs.
The liver is a large and oily organ that comprises 25% of the total body weight of the shark. The two purposes of this organ in the shark are to store energy and oil. The liver is a hydrostatic organ. This organ helps with buoyancy since the liver stores oils, decreasing the density of the shark's body. The shark liver is also full of an oily-like substance called shark liver oil that helps the sharks be more buoyant and acts as an energy storer, where it can be utilized when needed. The shark's liver also helps with filtrating the blood and waste while also acting as a storage region for vitamins which is incredibly important; especially if the shark goes a long time without eating or if the shark has extreme amounts of urea within the system, the liver helps with both of these scenarios. Sharks also have osmoregulation which permits the shark to have high concentrations and amounts of urea which allows them to not become dehydrated from living in seawater as opposed to freshwater. The shark kidney excretes urea that is needed for the shark to have in its system so the shark does not become dehydrated from living in seawater. Sharks hearts have two chambers. The shark heart's main importance is providing oxygenated blood to the entire body while filtering out the deoxygenated blood. A shark's spleen is also incredibly important because it is where red blood cells (RBC's) are derived and is also where the immune system functions to fight off pathogens.
Digestive system.
The stomach terminates at the pylorus, which leads to the duodenum, and then to the spiral valve. The spiral valve is a coiled organ, it increases surface area so that nutrients can be absorbed. The spiral valve then empties into the rectum and anus, then into the cloaca. Within the shark stomach, buoyancy is established from air taking up space and providing sharks the ability to float. The shark stomach also has shorter intestines than most animals, which causes food to take greater amounts of time to fully digest before being excreted from the body. This digestive gland passes secretions through the vental lobe and into the duodenum. The pancreas of the shark helps with digestion by producing the enzymes needed to break down large chunks of food, and the pancreas serves to help keep the metabolism at a fast pace to accommodate for the large amounts of food taken in. At the very end of the short intestine lies the rectal gland which is important for the excretion waste from the animal.
Reproductive system.
Sharks' reproductive organs serve to reproduce sexually where the male delivers sperm to the female using claspers that insert into the female's oviduct. This then allows the female to give birth to live young, although some do lay eggs. This image depicts a squalus acanthias shark dissection where this female happened to be pregnant with multiple shark pups. This image is important as it shows how sharks can give birth to multiple live young.
Temperature.
Mackerel sharks such as great white sharks, shortfin mako, longfin mako, salmon shark, and porbeagle are endothermic, which helps them move quickly in cold water. These mackerel sharks warm their blood by using a heat exchange system called rete mirabile. The body temperature of mackerel sharks can be up to 10o higher than the surrounding water.
Integument.
Unlike bony fish, the sharks have a complex dermal corset made of flexible collagenous fibers and arranged as a helical network surrounding their body. This works as an outer skeleton, providing attachment for their swimming muscles and thus saving energy. A similar arrangement of collagen fibers has been discovered in dolphins and squid. Their dermal teeth give them hydrodynamic advantages as they reduce turbulence while swimming.
Skin.
Unlike the scales of bony fish, sharks have placoid scales, known as denticles. Denticles are V-shaped and are made of layers of dentine and a surface of enamel. Riblets are sockets in the shark's skin which hold the denticles. These denticles on the skin allow for the shark to move quietly, swiftly, and almost effortlessly. The skin of sharks is similar to the feeling of sandpaper, rough and abrasive. During swimming, the flexible bias of the skin that is positioned 45 degrees to the body length allows for lateral bending. This ensures that the skin stays tight to the surface, but is also flexible, preventing wrinkling and possible turbulence in streamlines passing over the body. Skin is composed of a dermis and an epidermis. In vertebrates, the epidermis produces a mucus coating to help moisten the surface of the skin and can also be used as a defense mechanism from bacterial infections. This can also help with smooth, swift, laminar flow while swimming.
Placoid scales.
Super Smooth scales (dermal denticles) coat the skin of sharks, rays, and cartilaginous fishes due to the absence of dermal bone. These scales are present in the dermis, which has fibrous connective tissue components, and project through the epidermis, which contains secretory cells and stratified epidermal cells, to the surface. Homologous in structure to the teeth of vertebrates, these extremely strong scales serve the function of reducing turbulence and drag in water as they reduce high-velocity flow. The larger the fish, the more placoid scales they are likely to have. These projections are extremely teeth-like. The scale projection consists of enamel and a pulp cavity surrounded by dentin.
Ampullae of Lorenzini.
Being most prevalent in cartilaginous fish, fish have a series of sensory organs that are arranged as a network of hundreds to thousands of pores filled with jelly near their eyes, ears, mouth, and nose. These electroreceptors are called ampullae of Lorenzini, and in 1678 they were first discovered by an Italian physician and ichthyologist, Stefano Lorenzini. These pores are used to sense and detect electromagnetic fields, and oftentimes these aid in navigational skills and hunting down prey. This can be particularly important at night because sharks cannot just depend on their vision in dark settings, they need another mechanism to help them navigate. Specifically, they are able to detect prey that is buried beneath the sand. There are two different forms of electrolocation, passive electrolocation, and active electrolocation, and sharks rely heavily on these for navigation.
Muscles.
Viewed as pelagic predators, sharks have a constantly elevated body temperature through their continuity in swimming, ultimately posing as a physiological advantage for sharks. A large reason they possess this advantage is due to the fact that they possess a red, aerobic, locomotor muscle (RM) and a white locomotor muscle (WM). Temperature largely affects the ability of muscles to contract, and this is with respect to both the environment and internal organismal temperature.
Red locomotor muscle.
Producing approximately 25-50% of a shark's power, the RM is what powers the continuous swimming of sharks. This muscle thrives in elevated temperatures and is seen as almost mammal-like. The optimal temperature range for function is 20 to 30 degrees Celsius, and the muscles are deemed ineffective if exposed to cooler temperatures. Overall, the temperature of the RM is retained metabolically and is greatly above that of the external water temperature. This muscle also receives a sufficient blood supply which is why sharks can swim for extended periods of time, which helps break down fat. Red muscle fibers are concentrated in the ventral region of the shark and are next to the vertebral column ultimately making the spinal column stronger. In other words, the first dorsal fin is posterior to the RM. In other fishes, the RM is more lateral. This muscle is increasingly thermally sensitive in both salmon shark and tuna.
White locomotor muscle.
The WM in sharks is not as thermally dependent, therefore it is more optimal in functioning across various temperatures. This helps power short bursts in a shark's swimming. This muscle is close to the RM, ultimately allowing for heat transfer from the RM to the WM. Although more suitable for cold temperatures, there has been considerable benefit from its proximal location the RM, only increasing its function. This muscle is really important in tail locomotion and is responsible for the pulsating of a sharks tail and propelling the shark forward. The muscle contracts, and then stiffens to allow the shark to coast through the water.
Camouflage.
Sharks may have a combination of colors on the surface of their body that results in the camouflage technique called countershading. A darker color on the upper side and lighter color on the underside of the body helps prevent visual detection from predators. (For example, the white on the bottom of the shark blends in with the sunlight from the surface when viewed from below.) Countershading can also be accomplished through bioluminescence in the few shark species that produce and emit light, such as the kitefin shark, a species of dogfish shark. The species migrates vertically and the arrangement of light-producing organs called photophores provides ventral countershading.
Some species have more elaborate physical camouflage that assists them with blending into their surroundings. Wobbegongs and angelsharks use camouflage to perform ambush predation.
Circulatory system.
Sharks possess a single-circuit circulatory system centered around a two-chambered heart. Blood flows from the heart to the gills where it is oxygenated. This oxygen-rich blood is then carried throughout the body and to the tissues before returning to the heart. As the heart beats, deoxygenated blood enters the sinus venosus. The blood then flows through the atrium to the ventricle, before emptying into the conus arteriosus and leaving the heart.
Respiratory system.
In the shark anatomy image, it depicts the beginning half of the shark, including the gills. The shark gills are especially important and were evolved from the chordate pharyngeal gill slits synapomorphy. Like lungs in other animals, gills are essential for sharks to breathe underwater by extracting oxygen from water. The water enters through the mouth, passes into the pharynx, and exits through the gill slits. Most shark species have five gill slits on each side, however, some species can have up to six or seven like the sixgill sawshark and sharks in the order Hexanchiformes. As part of their respiratory system, sharks also have an accessory respiratory opening called a spiracle behind their eyes. Spiracles are cartilaginous structures located on the top of a shark's head to draw oxygenated water from above in addition to it passing over the gills.
Gill structure and components.
Like most fishes, sharks gill slits are located on its external surface on both lateral sides near the head. Inside the gill slits, are long projection-like structures called gill filaments. Gill filaments are lateral to the gill arches and have a high surface area, where they form folds (lamellae) inside the gill slits. Lamellae in the gill slits are thin, membrane folds that have access to blood supplies via arteries and are the site of gas exchange. When oxygen-rich water enters the gills, the blood takes up the oxygen through diffusion at the site of lamellae and expels carbon dioxide. To support the gills in ventilation, spiracles take in more water and ventilate the gill, even when sharks are feeding. Gill rakers are cartilaginous structures inside gill arches that act in the filtration of food particles in feeding as water moves in through the gills.
Mechanisms of breathing.
There are two mechanisms that sharks can use to move water over their gills: in buccal pumping, the shark actively pulls in water using its buccal muscles, while in ram ventilation, the shark swims forward, forcing water into its mouth and through its gills. Buccal pumping is more energy intensive than ram ventilation. Sedentary, bottom-dwelling sharks generally use buccal pumping to move water over to their gills compared to more active sharks, who will use ram ventilation and swim to force water to their mouth and gills. Most sharks can switch between these mechanisms as the situation requires depending on the abundance of oxygen in the water. A few species, such as the great white shark, have lost the ability to perform buccal pumping and will suffocate if they stop moving forward due to insufficient oxygen passing over their gills.

</doc>
<doc id="6920916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920916" title="Treaty of the Foot of the Rapids">
Treaty of the Foot of the Rapids



</doc>
<doc id="6920917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920917" title="Otelul">
Otelul



</doc>
<doc id="6920919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920919" title="Oţelul">
Oţelul



</doc>
<doc id="6920920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920920" title="Dameon">
Dameon



</doc>
<doc id="6920935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920935" title="IIH">
IIH

IIH can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6920939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920939" title="Israel-Lebanon Conflict">
Israel-Lebanon Conflict



</doc>
<doc id="6920941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920941" title="Ernst Straus">
Ernst Straus



</doc>
<doc id="6920943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920943" title="Bottorff–McCulloch Farm">
Bottorff–McCulloch Farm

The Bottorff–McCulloch Farm is a historic home and farm located in Charlestown Township, Clark County, Indiana. The farmhouse was built about 1835, and is a two-story, Greek Revival style brick dwelling. It has a gable roof and sits on a coursed stone foundation. It features a one-story portico. Also on the property are the contributing summer kitchen, two English barns, a three-portal barn, two silos, and a milk house.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="6920947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920947" title="Ernst Gabor Straus">
Ernst Gabor Straus



</doc>
<doc id="6920952" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920952" title="Eckart Kehr">
Eckart Kehr

Eckart Kehr (21 June 1902 in Brandenburg an der Havel, Brandenburg, Germany – 29 May 1933 in Washington, DC) was a Marxist German historian who was one of the first historians to emphasize the importance of social structure and economic interests in influencing political decisions, instead of heroic personalities. A student of Friedrich Meinecke, whom he broke from, he was called the "enfant terrible" of the German historical profession during the Weimar Republic. 
His most important work is his 1930 doctoral thesis (published 1931) "Schlachtflottenbau und Parteipolitik 1894–1901: Versuch eines Querschnitts durch die innenpolitischen, sozialen und ideologischen Voraussetzungen des deutschen Imperialismus " ("Battle Fleet Construction and Party Politics in Germany, 1894–1901: A Cross-Section of the Political, Social and Ideological Preconditions of German Imperialism"), which describes the domestic economic sources of Germany's naval policy during the years 1894 to 1901, reversing the cherished doctrine of Leopold von Ranke of the primacy of foreign policy in the life of the German state and opposing the dominant German historicism in favor of a Marxist-Weberian theory emphasizing economics and class struggle, claiming that plutocratic industrialists (bourgeoisie) and agrarian Junkers (nobles) formed power structures ("feudalization of the bourgeoisie") to influence policymakers in their fight against radical democratic forces even when it hurt Germany and caused it to become isolated. The monograph gained slow acceptance, and his arrogant tone and historical mistakes (the bourgeois-noble alliance was less solid than he claimed) held it back for decades, until West German historian Hans-Ulrich Wehler et al. revived it to create the Bielefeld School of social history in the 1960s-1970s. It is now considered a classic in the history of the Germany of Kaiser Wilhelm II.
He died in 1933, at the age of 31, of a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="6920953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920953" title="Paul Ingle">
Paul Ingle

Paul Andrew Ingle (born 22 June 1972) is a British former professional boxer who competed from 1994 to 2000. He held featherweight world championships, including the International Boxing Federation (IBF) title from 1999 to 2000 and the lesser International Boxing Organization (IBO) title in 2000. At regional level he held the European, British, and Commonwealth titles between 1997 and 1999. As an amateur, Ingle represented Great Britain at the 1992 Summer Olympics, reaching the second round of the flyweight bracket.
Amateur career.
Ingle was a member of the 1992 British Olympic team and competed in the flyweight division. In the first round he defeated Alexander Baba of Ghana by 9–7, but lost 12–13 in the second round to eventual gold medallist Choe Chol-su of North Korea. He won the 1991 Amateur Boxing Association British flyweight title, boxing out of Scarborough ABC.
Professional career.
Ingle made his professional debut on 23 March 1994, scoring a third-round knockout over Darren Noble. On 11 January 1997, he stopped Colin McMillan in eight rounds to win his first regional championship, the British featherweight title. Later that year, on 11 October, Ingle defeated Jon Jo Irwin by eighth-round corner retirement to win the Commonwealth featherweight title. Ingle completed the regional trifecta when he won the European featherweight title on 26 September 1998, stopping Billy Hardy in eight rounds.
First world title challenge.
By the time Ingle challenged for his first world title against WBO featherweight champion Naseem Hamed, he had won 21 consecutive fights without a loss. During the entrances for their fight, Ingle was kept waiting in the ring for six minutes. Angered by this, he and his trainer Steve Pollard went back to the dressing room and only returned after Hamed had finally made his own entrance. In the opening round of the fight, Ingle was knocked down and barely made it out of the round following an onslaught of punches by Hamed. A body shot floored Ingle again in the sixth, but with twenty seconds remaining he emerged unscathed. In rounds nine and ten, Ingle had some success by bloodying Hamed's nose. A third knockdown in the eleventh ended Ingle's challenge, as referee Joe Cortez deemed him unable to continue as he stood up on shaky legs.
IBF featherweight champion.
Despite this first career loss, Ingle received another world title opportunity in his next fight, on 13 November 1999. He went on to defeat IBF featherweight champion Manuel Medina by unanimous decision, albeit suffering a knockdown in the twelfth and final round. In his first defence of the title, Ingle travelled to the United States for the first time and fought on the undercard of Lennox Lewis vs. Michael Grant. Facing him was former two-weight world champion Junior Jones, who held the IBO featherweight title. In an action-packed fight which was close on the judges' scorecards, Ingle was knocked down in round nine, but rallied back in dramatic fashion to stop Jones in the eleventh.
Retirement and life after boxing.
Ingle's boxing career ended on 16 December 2000, losing both the IBF and IBO titles to Mbulelo Botile. The fight had undergone several postponements due to Ingle sustaining injuries in training and being unable to make the 126 lbs featherweight limit. After suffering a knockdown in round eleven, Ingle went down again in the twelfth and did not rise for several minutes. He was stretchered out of the ring and hospitalised for a blood clot on the brain, spending four weeks in intensive care before suffering a brain injury from which he never fully recovered. A boxing gym, the Paul Ingle Boxing Academy, has since opened in his honour, in Hull.

</doc>
<doc id="6920955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920955" title="Gold Coast Art Prize">
Gold Coast Art Prize

The Gold Coast Art Prize is an annual acquisitive exhibition run by the Gold Coast City Art Gallery in the city of the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia. One of Australia's oldest art prizes, it began in 1968 as the Gold Coast Art Prize but was known as the Conrad Jupiters Art Prize from 1990 to 2006 and as the Stan and Maureen Duke Gold Coast Prize from 2007 to 2011. It has since reverted to its original name.
External links.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6920958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920958" title="Symfonisch Blaasorkest ATH">
Symfonisch Blaasorkest ATH

Symphonic wind orchestra "Amsterdamse Tramharmonie" is a Dutch wind orchestra. Since 2012 the orchestra is conducted by Jacco Nefs.
The orchestra was founded in 1906 and plays in the First Division, the highest league of amateur orchestras in the Netherlands, and takes pride in its rich history of musical highlights. Within the past decade, under supervision of its director Gerrit de Weerd, the orchestra became one of the top amateur orchestras in the Netherlands, with excellent results at various competitions and festivals. For example, the orchestra won four consecutive ‘first prizes with honor’ (in 1995, 2000, 2005 and 2012) at the leading ‘KNFM festivals’ in the Netherlands.
The orchestra (60 members at present) is famous in and around Amsterdam and conducts several high-profile performances throughout the year.

</doc>
<doc id="6920959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920959" title="Denier (coin)">
Denier (coin)



</doc>
<doc id="6920962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920962" title="VAQ-142 &quot;Gray Wolves&quot;">
VAQ-142 &quot;Gray Wolves&quot;



</doc>
<doc id="6920965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920965" title="4th Wisconsin Infantry Regiment">
4th Wisconsin Infantry Regiment

The 4th Wisconsin Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War, primarily in the Western Theater. It was later mounted and became the 4th Wisconsin Cavalry Regiment.
History.
The 4th Wisconsin was raised as an infantry regiment at Camp Utley in Racine and was mustered into Federal service on July 2, 1861. 
It was first assigned to garrison duty in Maryland, then in February 1862 was transferred to Newport News, Virginia. It became part of the Army of the Gulf and was subsequently sent to New Orleans, Louisiana. During the following year, the 4th Wisconsin participated in several expeditions against Vicksburg, Mississippi, and Port Hudson, Louisiana. It saw action in the Siege of Port Hudson from May to July 1863.
On September 1, 1863, the regiment was reorganized as the 4th Wisconsin Cavalry Regiment, which it served as through the remainder of the war.
Total enlistments and casualties.
The 4th Wisconsin Regiment initially mustered 1,058 men and later recruited an additional 994 men, for a total of 2,052 men during its service. The regiment lost 9 officers and 158 enlisted men killed in action or mortally wounds, plus another 2 officers and 113 enlisted men who died of disease, for a total of 282 fatalities.

</doc>
<doc id="6920966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920966" title="Cyrus Northrop Memorial Auditorium">
Cyrus Northrop Memorial Auditorium



</doc>
<doc id="6920968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920968" title="Spanish dinero">
Spanish dinero

The dinero (diner in Catalan) was the currency of many of the Christian states of the Iberian Peninsula from the 10th century.
It evolved from the Carolingian denar (in Latin denarius) and was adopted by all Iberian Peninsula Carolingian-originated States: the Kingdom of Pamplona/Navarre, the Kingdom of Aragon, and the Catalan Counties.
It served in turn as the model for the Portuguese dinheiro.
In most of the Spanish States, the dinero was superseded by the "maravedí" and then the "real" as the unit of account. However, in Principality of Catalonia and the Balearic Islands, the currency system based on the dinero continued, with twelve dineros to the "sou" and six sous the "peseta".
Note that in modern Spanish, "dinero" means "money".

</doc>
<doc id="6920971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920971" title="Qatar motorcycle Grand Prix">
Qatar motorcycle Grand Prix

The Qatar motorcycle Grand Prix () is a motorcycling event that is part of the FIM Grand Prix motorcycle racing season.
The Lusail race track in Qatar represents the debut race of each MotoGP season. In 2008, the track held the first night event in MotoGP history. The 2008 night event, aside from drawing boosted viewing which also coincided with the race being moved to the opening spot on the calendar, was initiated with the intent of increasing equipment performance: the day-time heat in Qatar has been hazardous to the conditions of tires and expensive, customized parts on the multimillion-dollar motorcycles. Rider safety notwithstanding, the extreme heat could be a critical variable contributing to defeat. Qatar's Grand Prix is the only event in the entire MotoGP calendar to be held at night.
The 2020 MotoGP race was scheduled to open the season before being cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Moto2 and Moto3 classes proceeded as planned.
The event is due to take place at the Lusail International Circuit until at least 2031.
Criticism.
The race has been argued to be an example of sportswashing.

</doc>
<doc id="6920975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920975" title="Northrup Auditorium">
Northrup Auditorium



</doc>
<doc id="6920978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920978" title="Moab Jeep Safari">
Moab Jeep Safari

The Jeep Safari is an annual event hosted by the Red Rock 4-Wheelers off-road club, where 4-wheelers come to challenge the rough terrain of the backcountry in the Moab, Utah area. Although its title does say it is a festival of Jeeps, a few take on the trails in 4x4 trucks. The Easter Weekend safari lasts for nine days, going through Easter Sunday.
Expeditions.
When going 4-wheeling, people can either go alone, or join up in a group. Groups usually meet up early in the day, at a certain location in the city. First waivers are signed and collected, then the drivers are given instruction and told to comply with any and all Bureau of Land Management regulations (i.e. stay on the trail, avoid walking on protected soil, etc.). Groups will then head out to the trails for the day. Once a group arrives at a trail, they will partially deflate ("air down") their tires to get better traction on sand or slick rock. Once the air down is completed they will begin through the trail and depending on the trail and the number of stops, it can take anywhere from a few hours to all day.
Many groups do radio introductions, over the CB radio, where a person (often the driver) will introduce his/her self and any passengers in the car. They may also tell if they have driven the trail before, or if it's their first time. When a group approaches a really difficult obstacle, a few will get out and act as a spotter to ensure everyone makes it up or down safely.
Groups will usually stop around noon or 1:00 P.M. for a lunch break. Drivers and passengers usually chat, take pictures, or do some work on their Jeep/4X4 vehicle. Once lunch is completed they will take off again.
Trails.
Trails rank from easy to difficult (1 through 10). Circle is Easy, Square is Moderate, and Diamond is Hard. Many trails have several obstacles to get through. Some of the most famous are "Hell's Revenge" and "Golden Spike".
Usage.
The Event is often attended by media representatives who cover outdoor and recreation events including representatives from Jeep. The Moab variant of the Jeep Wrangler
is named after Moab, UT.

</doc>
<doc id="6920986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920986" title="Empath Guild">
Empath Guild



</doc>
<doc id="6920996" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6920996" title="Macrostructure">
Macrostructure

Macrostructure may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6921007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921007" title="Turkish motorcycle Grand Prix">
Turkish motorcycle Grand Prix

The Turkish motorcycle Grand Prix was a motorcycling event that was part of the World Motorcycle Racing season.
The races were held in Istanbul Park in Istanbul, İzmit Körfez Circuit in Kocaeli Province and Pınarbaşı Racing Circuit in İzmir.
History.
The inaugural race was held in 2005 after the Rio de Janeiro Grand Prix was scrapped from the calendar. However, after only three years, the race was taken off the calendar due to financial troubles. The Istanbul Park circuit had problems raising the money to stage a MotoGP round every year, and the local authorities refused to help with the funding of the race, despite the boost it gave to the local economy. After the venue was taken over by now ex-Formula One chief executive Bernie Ecclestone and DORNA chairman Carmelo Ezpeleta said that no decision was taken about including the Turkish GP into the 2008 calendar, the race was dropped and replaced by the Portuguese Grand Prix, who was moved to the now empty Turkey slot after the Indianapolis Grand Prix was confirmed.
Spectator attendance.
2006: 38.123

</doc>
<doc id="6921010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921010" title="Benjamin Ferguson House">
Benjamin Ferguson House

The Benjamin Ferguson House is a historic home located in the southwest of Charlestown, Indiana. It was built by Ferguson in 1816, and is a two-story, Federal style brick dwelling with a one-story rear wing. Also on the property is a contributing shed with fruit cellar and the original well.
Benjamin Ferguson was an attorney living in Clark County, Indiana, at the time of Indiana's statehood in 1816. In 1824 he became an associate justice of the Clark Circuit Court. He was nominated for the position of state senator in 1838 by those who did not want Clark County's county seat to be moved to Jeffersonville, Indiana, from Charlestown. Ferguson lost, but the county seat remained in Charlestown for the next 40 years, as the Indiana state legislature did not want to change it.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="6921014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921014" title="Noyes Laboratory of Chemistry">
Noyes Laboratory of Chemistry

The William Albert Noyes Laboratory of Chemistry, located on the campus of the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign at 505 S. Mathews Avenue in Urbana, Illinois, United States, was built in 1902 as the "New Chemical Laboratory", and was designed by Nelson Strong Spencer in the Richardsonian Romanesque style. Founded in 1867, the Chemistry Department was the first department of the university to move into its own building in 1878. When the department outgrew that building, department head Arthur W. Palmer convinced the state legislature to build a new lab, with 77,884 square feet of usable space, at a cost of under $100,000.
Ten years later, when more space was needed,the east wingwith 86,396 square feet of additional spacewas built in 1915–16 at the cost of $250,000. The building then housed the largest chemistry department in the United States at the time. At various times, the buildings also housed the departments of Biochemistry, Chemical Engineering and Bacteriology, as well as the Illinois Water Survey.
In 1939 the building was dedicated in honor of the influential UI chemist William A. Noyes. It was designated a National Historic Chemical Landmark by the American Chemical Society in 2002, in recognition of the many contributions to the chemical sciences that have been made there over the last 100 years.
In 1930, James McLaren White's Chemistry Annex Building was completed, and connected to the Noyes Lab Building underground. It added 39,000 square feet at the cost of $335,000, and in 1951 the East Chemistry Annex was added to the complex, at the cost of $5.9 million.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="6921017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921017" title="Algebraic Geometry (book)">
Algebraic Geometry (book)

Algebraic Geometry is an algebraic geometry textbook written by Robin Hartshorne and published by Springer-Verlag in 1977.
Importance.
It was the first extended treatment of scheme theory written as a text intended to be accessible to graduate students, and is considered to be the standard reference. This book was cited when Hartshorne was awarded the Leroy P. Steele Prize for mathematical exposition in 1979.
Contents.
The first chapter, titled "Varieties", deals with the classical algebraic geometry of varieties over algebraically closed fields. This chapter uses many classical results in commutative algebra, including Hilbert's Nullstellensatz, with the books by Atiyah–Macdonald, Matsumura, and Zariski–Samuel as usual references. The second and the third chapters, "Schemes" and "Cohomology", form the technical heart of the book. The last two chapters, "Curves" and "Surfaces", respectively explore the geometry of 1- and 2-dimensional objects, using the tools developed in the chapters 2 and 3.

</doc>
<doc id="6921032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921032" title="Victoria Gardens Mall">
Victoria Gardens Mall



</doc>
<doc id="6921038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921038" title="Minor members of AC/DC">
Minor members of AC/DC



</doc>
<doc id="6921040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921040" title="Ahimelek">
Ahimelek



</doc>
<doc id="6921043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921043" title="As Fate Would Have It">
As Fate Would Have It



</doc>
<doc id="6921049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921049" title="Molly &amp; Mobarak">
Molly &amp; Mobarak

Molly &amp; Mobarak is a 2003 Australian documentary directed by Tom Zubrycki. It follows a Hazara asylum seeker, 22-year-old Mobarak Tahiri, as he falls in love with 25-year-old Molly Rule, and faces possible deportation as his temporary visa nears expiration. In 2003, it was nominated for best documentary at the IF Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="6921053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921053" title="Aqua (building)">
Aqua (building)



</doc>
<doc id="6921054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921054" title="Northrup Memorial Auditorium">
Northrup Memorial Auditorium



</doc>
<doc id="6921058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921058" title="Khitomer Massacre">
Khitomer Massacre



</doc>
<doc id="6921065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921065" title="Richard Dunbar">
Richard Dunbar

Richard Dunbar was a player of the French horn, playing in the free jazz scene. He was born in Brooklyn, New York, on May 22, 1944. He began studying the French horn in high school and never put it down. He also was known to play the bass guitar and shakeray, an African percussion instrument.
His first known appearance on record was on a 1968 recording by Bill Dixon, University of the Streets. He appeared as a sideman with players such as Sam Rivers, Earl Freeman and Ted Daniel. In the 1980s, he started a small label, Jahari Records, where he released five records under his own name:
In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Dunbar also had associations with Sun Ra. Around 1993, Dunbar moved to Paris, where he lived, continuing to play and teach music, until February 8, 2006, when he died suddenly at the age of 61, apparently of a heart attack, on the way to a gig. At the time he had just completed his first film and was working on the release of 5 new recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="6921066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921066" title="Ruud kleinpaste">
Ruud kleinpaste



</doc>
<doc id="6921070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921070" title="Dancing to the Light">
Dancing to the Light



</doc>
<doc id="6921072" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921072" title="Vignette (disambiguation)">
Vignette (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6921073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921073" title="HA cluster">
HA cluster



</doc>
<doc id="6921078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921078" title="The French Legation">
The French Legation



</doc>
<doc id="6921079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921079" title="All seeing eye">
All seeing eye



</doc>
<doc id="6921086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921086" title="Thomas Downs House">
Thomas Downs House

The Thomas Downs House is a historic home located just east of Charlestown, Indiana's town square. It was built about 1809 and is a two-story, four-bay, Federal style brick dwelling. It has a gable roof, sits on a stone foundation, and has a one-story rear ell. Thomas Downs was a politician from Charlestown that was Clark County's first county treasurer. He would later serve as an Indiana Territory legislator. It is owned by the Clark's Grant Historical Society, who has a museum there but offers tours by reservation only.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="6921096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921096" title="Luisito Espinosa">
Luisito Espinosa

Luisito Pio Espinosa (born June 26, 1967) is a Filipino actor and former professional boxer who competed from 1984 to 2005. He is a world champion in two weight classes, having held the World Boxing Association (WBA) bantamweight title from 1989 to 1991 and the World Boxing Council (WBC) featherweight title from 1995 to 1999.
Professional career.
Espinosa turned professional in 1984. In 1989, he won the WBA Bantamweight title by knocking out Kaokor Galaxy in the first round. He was then managed by famed boxing analyst and businessman Hermie Rivera. Espinosa defended the title twice before losing it to Israel Contreras by a fifth-round knockout in 1991.
Espinosa made an arduous climb back to the top, this time fighting under Joe Koizumi's stable. His comeback culminated in 1995, when he won the WBC Featherweight title by outpointing Manuel Medina. In his first title defense, Espinosa knocked out Alejandro "Cobrita" Gonzalez in the 4th round in Mexico. He then took on the hard-hitting body-puncher César Soto at Luneta (Rizal) Park in Manila and hammered out a well-deserved unanimous decision in front of his countrymen, which included no less than President Fidel V. Ramos. He defended the title seven times before losing the belt in 1999 to Soto who won by a controversial unanimous decision. The following year, he challenged Guty Espadas, Jr. for the Vacant WBC Featherweight Title, but was outboxed and lost a technical decision after their fight was stopped after a clash of heads.
Retirement.
Espinosa retired in 2005 after a public outcry for him to stop fighting after being knocked out by Cristóbal Cruz. He spent his retirement living in the Los Angeles and San Francisco areas.
Post-boxing career.
Due to some promotional and managerial disputes and divorce, Espinosa was left with little. He had to take jobs washing dishes, stocking shelves, flipping burgers and cleaning carpets in the US. Espinosa, who was out of the boxing scene for quite a while, entered the mixed martial arts (MMA) scene by training brothers Nick Diaz and Nate Diaz in boxing to improve their stand-up. He also assisted in the training of the University of San Francisco's Boxing team from 2006-2007 in preparation for the annual Hilltop Cup. After losing his job in the US he was invited to work in Hong Kong as a boxing trainer at the Everlast Fight and Fitness Gym and moved in November 2014. On June 16, 2015, after 17 years, he won a case for prize money that was owed to him his by the promoters of his WBC featherweight title defense against Argentine Carlos Rios. In 2017, he moved to the Everlast Gym as a boxing trainer in downtown Dalian city in mainland China.
When he returned to the Philippines, he was added as cast of "FPJ's Batang Quiapo", as Roberto.

</doc>
<doc id="6921100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921100" title="Drive Inn (album)">
Drive Inn (album)

Drive Inn is a collaboration album with Rainer Bloss and Klaus Schulze.
There exists an album called "Drive Inn II", but despite the fact that Schulze's name is put on the cover, it is a Rainer Bloss solo project. Furthermore, there exists a "Drive Inn III" by Rainer Bloss. Klaus Schulze has nothing to do with it or any other of Rainer Bloss' solo recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="6921101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921101" title="Watson House (Charlestown, Indiana)">
Watson House (Charlestown, Indiana)

The Watson House, also known as the Coombs House, is a historic home located just east of Charlestown, Indiana's town square. It was built about 1900, and is a two-story, rectangular frame dwelling with Queen Anne and Colonial Revival style design elements. It features a full-width front porch supported by slender columns. Originally located on the site was the James Bigger-built Green Tree Tavern (1812), where Jonathan Jennings, the first governor of Indiana, was given an Inaugural Ball in 1816.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="6921102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921102" title="Tex Atomic's Big Bot Battles">
Tex Atomic's Big Bot Battles



</doc>
<doc id="6921106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921106" title="Bridge Street Elementary School">
Bridge Street Elementary School



</doc>
<doc id="6921107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921107" title="It's Alive (TV show)">
It's Alive (TV show)



</doc>
<doc id="6921110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921110" title="Lincolnwood School District 74">
Lincolnwood School District 74

Lincolnwood School District 74 is a public school district headquartered Lincolnwood, Illinois.
History.
It was created in 1938, with Lincoln Hall as the only school at the time.
In January 2012, several Lincolnwood residents became concerned with the finances in School District 74. Through a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request, the residents discovered the School Board President, other School Board Members, and the Superintendent Mark Klaisner had spent tens of thousands of dollars on trips, cellphone service, gasoline for personal use. The local CBS affiliate did a story on the overspending. In an interview in the Skokie Patch, Superintendent Dr. Mark A. Klaisner admitted to poor internal controls and being "completely unaware" of details of the car provided by taxpayers. The School Board extended the contract of Superintendent Dr. Mark A. Klaisner. On April 9, 2012, School Board President Amy Frankel resigned as first reported in the Skokie Patch. On April 17, retired superintendent Ken Cull (formerly Itasca District 10) was elected interim superintendent through June 2012.
Joseph Bailey was scheduled to retire as superintendent in June 2017, and in 2016 the district's board selected Kimberly "Kim" Nasshan as his replacement.
During the COVID-19 pandemic in Illinois, the district had 33 persons collectively complete its reopening plan, which allowed both in-person and remote options. The classroom desks, socially distanced when possible, were oriented the same.
Governance.
Potential board members must be citizens of the United States, have lived in the district for at least one year; this means effectively all board members are residents of the state of Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="6921114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921114" title="Khaokor Galaxy">
Khaokor Galaxy



</doc>
<doc id="6921116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921116" title="Don't Date Robots!">
Don't Date Robots!



</doc>
<doc id="6921117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921117" title="Xilin Gol">
Xilin Gol



</doc>
<doc id="6921118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921118" title="Private railroad car">
Private railroad car

A private railroad car, private railway coach, private car, or private varnish is a railroad passenger car either originally built or later converted for service as a business car for private individuals. A private car could be added to the make-up of a train or pulled by a private locomotive, providing privacy for its passengers. They were used by railroad officials and dignitaries as business cars, and wealthy people for travel and entertainment, especially in the United States. They were sometimes used by politicians in "whistle stop campaigns". Pay cars with less opulent sleeping and dining facilities were used by a paymaster and assistants to transport and disburse cash wages to railway employees in remote locations without banking facilities.
History.
In the late 19th century Gilded Age, wealthy people had finely appointed private cars custom-built to their specifications. Additionally many cars built by Pullman, Budd, and other companies that were originally used in common carrier service as passenger cars were later converted for use as business and private cars. There are various configurations, but the cars generally have an observation platform, a full kitchen, dining room, state rooms, secretary's room, an observation room, and often servant's quarters. 
Railroad barons including Leland Stanford had their private cars. Abraham Lincoln disliked the ornate railroad car supplied for his service as president: he rode in it only in his coffin. Private cars were more common in the heyday of passenger rail service and during the pre-Amtrak era (before 1971). At its peak in the early 20th century, an estimated 2,000 private cars were in use. Such carriages were extremely rare in the United Kingdom, although a notable example was the Duke of Sutherland's saloon, which is preserved at the National Railway Museum in York. In the 21st century, some private cars have survived the decades and some are used for tour rides, leasing for private events, etc. Others are on static display. A small number of private cars (along with other types of passenger cars), have been upgraded to meet current Amtrak regulations, and may be chartered by their owners for private travel attached to Amtrak trains.
Dedicated railroad buffs rescued some private varnish cars from scrapping. Chartering of these formerly private cars has become a sideline in the upscale travel industry, with its own niche magazine "Private Varnish", which ceased publication in 2019. Amtrak regulations require head-end power and train control wiring, though some cars generate their own power and can run on freight lines as well. Most restored private cars have been rebuilt to newer specifications.
In the 21st century private coaches are very rarely used anywhere in the world, though in some countries a coach of this kind can be chartered for vacations, business meetings or other such occasions needing the privacy of a dedicated coach. As the capacity of rail transport is large, it takes special operations to include a private coach in an otherwise public train. A railcar might be better suited for this kind of luxury, but the timetables of normal operations limit the accessibility of locations along the tracks. Amtrak has increasingly-stringent regulations on allowing private cars on its trains, and reserves the right to refuse any movement.
Other specific examples.
Lucius Beebe and his life partner Charles Clegg owned two private railroad cars, the "Gold Coast" and the "Virginia City". Beebe's book "Mansions on Rails: The Folklore of the Private Railway Car" (Berkeley, California: Howell-North, 1959) presented the first history of the private railroad car in the U.S. The "Gold Coast" is now in the collection of the California State Railroad Museum. The "Virginia City" and the "Redwood Empire" are available for private charter.
"The Survivor" was a private railroad car built by the American Car and Foundry Company in 1926 for Jessie Woolworth Donahue, the heiress to Frank Winfield Woolworth. The car was used by the Woolworth family from 1926 through 1939, transporting the family to French Lick, Pinehurst, the Greenbrier and Palm Beach. The car is reputed to have been the courtship car of Mrs. Donahue's niece, Barbara Hutton, and Cary Grant. The current owner Dante Stephensen purchased the car in 1982 and has progressively restored it, renaming it "The Survivor". It is based in Atlanta, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="6921123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921123" title="Private railway coach">
Private railway coach



</doc>
<doc id="6921127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921127" title="Anthony Bennett Australian artist">
Anthony Bennett Australian artist



</doc>
<doc id="6921133" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921133" title="Stoltenberg's First Cabinet">
Stoltenberg's First Cabinet

Stoltenberg's First Cabinet governed Norway between 17 March 2000 and 19 October 2001. The Labour Party cabinet was led by Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg. It had the following composition.

</doc>
<doc id="6921136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921136" title="Grand Master of Ceremonies of France">
Grand Master of Ceremonies of France

The Grand Master of Ceremonies of France or Grand maître des cérémonies de France was one of the Great Officers of the Maison du Roi ("King's Household") during the Ancien Régime and Bourbon Restoration. His function was to organize all public ceremonies of the crown.
The position was created by Henri III on January 1, 1585, to relieve the Grand Master of France of part of his workload. The Grand Master of Ceremonies took his oath of office at the hands of the Grand Master of France.
The Grand Master of Ceremonies oversaw state ceremonies and not court etiquette or private functions. He played a role in ceremonies celebrating or commemorating births, baptisms, marriages, and funerals for members of the royal family, royal feasts, ambassadorial receptions, the coronation, royal entries into towns, lits de justice, meetings of the States General and important assemblies.
The duties of The Grand Master of Ceremonies were principally :
In the exercise of his functions, he was assisted by a "master of ceremonies" and an aide.
The Grand Master of Ceremonies carried a baton covered in black velvet, with an ivory tip.
The position was eliminated in 1792, but was reinstated during the Bourbon Restoration.

</doc>
<doc id="6921138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921138" title="Kid Dropper">
Kid Dropper



</doc>
<doc id="6921142" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921142" title="Grand maître des cérémonies of France">
Grand maître des cérémonies of France



</doc>
<doc id="6921150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921150" title="Stoltenberg's Second Cabinet">
Stoltenberg's Second Cabinet

Stoltenberg's Second Cabinet was the Government of Norway from 17 October 2005 to 16 October 2013. It was a coalition between the Labour Party, the Socialist Left Party and the Centre Party, known as the Red–Green Coalition. On 9 September 2013, the coalition was defeated in the 2013 election.
The cabinet had ten members from the Labour Party, five from the Socialist Left Party and four from the Centre Party. It replaced Bondevik's Second Cabinet following the 2005 parliamentary election where the three parties won a majority in parliament. In the 2009 parliamentary election, the three parties retained their majority, and the coalition continued.
The cabinet is the first time the Socialist Left Party has sat in government, and the second time, after the post-war interim Gerhardsen's First Cabinet, where the Labour Party sits in a coalition government. It was the first cabinet to have had a majority of women, the first to have had a member with a non-Western heritage and the first to have had a member who was a Muslim.
Replacements.
There have been several changes since Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg presented his first team in October 2005:
Change in ministry structure.
From 1 January 2010 there was a change in the Ministry structure, following the September 2009 election and re-formation of the government. The Social Inclusion division of the Ministry of Labour and Social Inclusion was split between the Ministry of Children and Equality and the Ministry of Justice and Police. The Church Affairs division of the Ministry of Culture and Church Affairs was moved to the Ministry of Government Administration and Reform.
From 1 January 2012 the Ministry of Justice and Police was renamed as the Ministry of Justice and Emergency Planning

</doc>
<doc id="6921155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921155" title="Aramango">
Aramango

Aramango is a town and seat of Aramango District in Bagua Province in the Amazonas region of Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6921168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921168" title="People’s Alias for Democracy">
People’s Alias for Democracy



</doc>
<doc id="6921172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921172" title="François-Antoine Habeneck">
François-Antoine Habeneck



</doc>
<doc id="6921175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921175" title="The order of Saint Stanislaus.(re)established in the Republic of Poland in 1990">
The order of Saint Stanislaus.(re)established in the Republic of Poland in 1990



</doc>
<doc id="6921176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921176" title="Tom Lovett">
Tom Lovett

Thomas Joseph Lovett (December 7, 1863 – March 19, 1928) was an American professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of six seasons in Major League Baseball between 1885 and 1894.
After playing for the Waterbury team in the Connecticut State League in 1884, Lovett made his major league debut on June 4, 1885 for the Philadelphia Athletics. After pitching only 16 games, he did not pitch in the majors again until being signed by the Brooklyn Bridegrooms in 1889, when he helped the team to the American Association pennant. Brooklyn jumped to the National League in 1890, and that year, Lovett was arguably the best player on the club. He went 30-11 with a 2.78 ERA. In the World Series, he pitched four complete games and won two of them, as Brooklyn played the Louisville Colonels to a draw.
On June 22, 1891, Lovett pitched a no-hitter against the New York Giants, a 4-0 victory.
Lovett then demanded more pay, and threatened to quit baseball. He sat out the 1892 season, and when he returned, he was largely ineffective. He played in the minor leagues until 1896, after which he retired.
Lovett died at the age of 64 in his hometown of Providence, Rhode Island and is interred at St. Ann Cemetery in Cranston, Rhode Island.

</doc>
<doc id="6921178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921178" title="Live in Moscow (Coil video)">
Live in Moscow (Coil video)

Live In Moscow is a VHS of a video recording of Coil. The live performance took place on 15 September 2001 at DK Gorbunova in Moscow, Russia. This video is exactly the same performance as Live Two.
This release was given to attendees at Coil's return to Moscow on 26 September 2002 and was also made available for sale.
A box-set edition limited to 35 copies was available. It contained a copy of the video, a T-shirt, a poster and a concert ticket.
Many unofficial bootlegs have surfaced on eBay. This represents Coil's only official video release (prior to the 'Colour Sound Oblivion' box set) other than the ANS DVD.
Unlike the Live in NYC August 18, 2001 VHS, this video does not include any bonus material. However, unlike the Live In NYC August 18, 2001 VHS, the animated video is much more clear. At the end a track list and a list of information in English and Russian scroll signifying the end of the video.
The entire video (as well as an alternate video angle version) is included on the 'Colour Sound Oblivion' 16DVD set.

</doc>
<doc id="6921179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921179" title="Francois Antoine Habeneck">
Francois Antoine Habeneck



</doc>
<doc id="6921180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921180" title="Gas Pipe Cascio">
Gas Pipe Cascio



</doc>
<doc id="6921181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921181" title="John Conte (actor)">
John Conte (actor)

John Conte (September 15, 1915 – September 4, 2006) was an American stage, film and TV actor, and television station owner.
Early years.
Conte was born in Palmer, Massachusetts. His mother was Italian, and his father was French-Italian. The family moved to Los Angeles, California, when John was 5.
While a student at Lincoln High School in Los Angeles, Conte focused on classes in drama and for three years was the school's top entrant in Shakespearian competition. After graduating, he joined the Pasadena Playhouse and "took every role offered to him juvenile, leading man, character." He later got jobs as a radio actor and singer.
Radio.
Conte entered broadcasting with a job at KFAC in Los Angeles. Two years later, he had become a network announcer. One of his first regular roles was on "The Grape Nuts Program" (1937–1938) with George Burns and Gracie Allen. Conte was host for "Screen Test" and master of ceremonies for the Maxwell House program that featured Fanny Brice and Frank Morgan. He was the announcer for "Silver Theater", "It Happened in Hollywood", and "The Screen Guild Show".
Stage.
In 1947, he appeared in Rodgers and Hammerstein's short-lived Broadway musical "Allegro", although his singing voice doesn't appear on the original Broadway cast recording, his understudy, Robert Reeves, made the recording. He returned to Broadway in 1950 to appear in the musical "Arms and the Girl" (1950) and "Carousel" (1954).
Film.
His major film role was Drunky in "The Man with the Golden Arm" (1955). He also was seen in "The Carpetbaggers" and "Lost in a Harem."
Television.
Conte was host of his own variety program, titled "John Conte's Little Show" (also known as "Van Camp's Little Show"), on NBC from 1950 to 1951 and on ABC in 1953. He was master of ceremonies on the 1951 late Sunday afternoon comedy hour "Star Time", co-starring Frances Langford and Lew Parker as John and Blanche Bickerson as well as sound-effects master stand-up comedian Reginald Gardner. His own weekly solo skit on "Star Time" was as a heavily accented Italian-American chef preparing bumbled recipes as he recited them, along with frequent tangential references to "the homemade-a wine" fermenting in his bathtub visible from the kitchen.
Conte was host of "The Feminine Touch" (1951) on ABC. He had a featured guest appearance with Sid Caesar on "Your Show of Shows" about a year later.
In 1953, Conte was host of "Personality Puzzle", a game show on ABC.
Conte made five guest appearances on "Perry Mason": In three different episodes, he played the role of the murder victim. In another episode, he was the defendant, and, in still another, the murderer.
In 1955, Conte played major roles in at least two of the "Max Liebman Presents" television productions. Conte appeared in "Naughty Marietta" as French Governor Le Grange of New Orleans (actually the French pirate "Bras Piqué") - while in "The Desert Song", he appeared as Captain Paul Fontaine.
From October 31, 1955, to July 27, 1959, Conte was the host of "Matinee Theater", a one-hour color anthology program on the fledgling NBC Television Network. The program aired at 12 noon New York Time live to the entire network from its new color studios in Burbank, California. Color television was new at that time and the network needed a program that would allow technicians to see if their new home television set installations were working properly. With his great physical appearance and wonderful professional demeanor, Conte was the perfect host for the program.
In 1968, he and his long-term third wife, Sirpuhe Philibosian Conte, launched KMIR-TV, an NBC-affiliated UHF station in the Palm Springs–Rancho Mirage market. The Contes built KMIR into the third-largest station in the Coachella Valley, and after 30 years (in 1999), sold the station to Milwaukee-based Journal Communications.
Other activities.
He was a founding sponsor of the Eisenhower Medical Center in Rancho Mirage and one of the founders of the McCallum Theatre in Palm Desert, California.
Recognition.
On February 8, 1960, Conte was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6119 Hollywood Blvd. In 1997, a Golden Palm Star on the Walk of Stars was dedicated to him.
Death.
On September 4, 2006, Conte died at Eisenhower Medical Center in Rancho Mirage, California, at age 90. He was survived by his wife, a son, two stepdaughters, six grandchildren, and five great-grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="6921185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921185" title="BPAS">
BPAS



</doc>
<doc id="6921190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921190" title="Copallín District">
Copallín District

Copallín is a district of the province of Bagua, Peru, located along the Amazon River.
History.
The district's capital, Copallín, was originally founded as "Santa Magdalena de Copallín".
The first historical account regarding the current population of the district of Copallín is tied to the history of Copallín Viejo, erected in the current district of Aramango.
Don Juan Requejo Guerrero, the fourth mayor of the province of Bagua, recalls that the natives staged three consecutive attacks on the town of Copallín Viejo.
According to priest José Maria Guallart, in 1845 a group of aguarunas, including women, visited Copallín Viejo (today the Hillocks of Aramango) to trade copal, parrots, and changuitas for machetes and axes. The natives had the bad fortune of coming across a colony, the inhabitants of which devised a trap for the natives, getting them drunk before killing the men and raping the women. Eventually, the aguarunas organized themselves and launched a surprise attack on Copallín.
Since history tells the story of winners and the influential rather than losers and commoners, the natives of Copallín have been labelled as savages dedicated to butchery and looting, while the colonists are often portrayed as innocent and defenseless. Records show that in 1857, natives assaulted the ancient village of Copallín, killing its inhabitants, destroying its crops, appropriating its goods, and taking its women. The document further adds that from this period on, the whole of Copallín (its houses, temples, etc.) remained in ruins.
Those who escaped the slaughter, among them some Huatangari, continued to seek out sympathetic and hospitable populations for some time, until the inhabitants of The Freckle claimed a section of land where they grouped and, in 1860, founded a village called New Copallín.
This new location proved to be a failure; on October 26, 1870, governor Pedro C. Lean and municipal receiver José Felis Molla – both authorities of The Freckle – raised a flag to the national representatives (deputies), stating that the people of Copallín, The Freckle, Morerilla, and Bagua Chica were in danger of disappearing at any minute after realizing that the "savages" had reappeared and threatened to pose a raid.
Desperation and fear showed in such heartbreaking pleas as, "We present ourselves ... before your paternal mercy," "We come as citizens of the Homeland begging for protection," and "Affectionate Fathers of the homeland, we beg that you do what is right."
This cry for help was published in defense of rights and endorsed on November 18, 1870, when the board established a garrison on The Freckle; later the Principal Commission of War thought to endorse this project – a measure of supreme importance aimed at protecting the civilized peoples of the area.

</doc>
<doc id="6921192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921192" title="Copallín">
Copallín



</doc>
<doc id="6921203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921203" title="Aqua (Chicago)">
Aqua (Chicago)

Aqua is an 82-story mixed-use skyscraper in Lakeshore East, downtown Chicago, Illinois. Designed by a team led by Jeanne Gang of Studio Gang Architects, with James Loewenberg of Loewenberg &amp; Associates as the Architect of Record, it includes five levels of parking below ground. The building's eighty-story, base is topped by a terrace with gardens, gazebos, pools, hot tubs, a walking/running track and a fire pit. Each floor covers approximately .
Aqua was awarded the Emporis Skyscraper Award as 2009 skyscraper of the year, and was shortlisted in 2010 for the biennial International Highrise Award. In celebration of the 2018 Illinois Bicentennial, Aqua was selected as one of the Illinois 200 Great Places by the American Institute of Architects Illinois component (AIA Illinois) and was recognized by "USA Today Travel" magazine as one of AIA Illinois' selections for Illinois 25 Must See Places. It has been compared to 8 Spruce Street in New York City.
When it was completed, the skyscraper was the world's tallest building designed by a woman. It was surpassed in 2020 by the nearby St. Regis, also located in Chicago and designed by Studio Gang Architects.
Architect.
Aqua was designed by Studio Gang Architects, led by firm principal and founder, Jeanne Gang, and it was the firm's first skyscraper project. The project was the largest ever awarded to an American firm headed by a woman. Loewenberg &amp; Associates are the architects of record, led by James Loewenberg.
Design.
The Aqua Tower is located at 225 North Columbus Drive, and is surrounded by high-rises. The location where the tower was built was a former rail yard that is adjacent to the Chicago River and Lake Michigan. To capture views of nearby landmarks for Aqua's residents, Gang stretched its balconies outward by as much as . The result is a building composed of irregularly shaped concrete floor slabs which lend the facade an undulating, sculptural quality. Gang cites the striated limestone outcroppings that are a common topographic feature of the Great Lakes region as inspiration for these slabs. The tower is a late project for the repurposing of the site from industrial to commercial and residential use.
The building contains of retail and office space, in addition to 215 hotel rooms (floors 1-18), 476 rental residential units (floors 19-52), and 263 condominium units &amp; penthouses (floors 53-81). Aqua is the first downtown building to combine condos, apartments and a hotel. Strategic Hotels &amp; Resorts had agreed to acquire the first 15 floors of hotel space upon completion of the building, but terminated its $84 million contract for the space in August 2008, citing significant changes in the economic environment.
Carlson announced May 12, 2010, that it agreed to spend $125 million to open the first Radisson Blu hotel in the United States (Radisson Blu Aqua Hotel) on 18 vacant floors of the highrise. The 334-room hotel opened on November 1, 2011. The building was designed by the lead architect of Studio Gang Architects, Jeanne Gang.
The name 'Aqua' was assigned to the building by Magellan Development Group LLC. It fits the nautical theme of the other buildings in the Lake Shore East development, and is derived from the wave-like forms of the balconies; the tower's proximity to nearby Lake Michigan also influenced the name. Concrete Superintendent Paul Treacy, was nominated as one of Engineering News-Record's (ENR) top 25 news makers of 2008 for the design and implementation of the exterior formwork to mold the undulating façade of the Aqua.
Sustainability.
Sustainability was an important factor in Aqua's design. Gang and her team refined the terrace extensions to maximize solar shading, and other sustainable features include a water-efficient irrigation system and energy-efficient lighting. The green roof on top of the tower base is one of the largest in Chicago. The tower is certified LEED-NC. Despite its effort to be sustainable, its monolithic concrete slab design without an insulation break transfers heat very efficiently from the inside to outside (winter) and from the outside to inside (summer) due to thermal bridging. Infra-red images of this building illustrates this concept.The waste from the construction of the tower was 16% with the 84% going to recycling centers instead of landfills. Many eco-friendly features were offered to the residents of the establishment. These features included bamboo flooring which was better to produce than hardwood, Greenguard certified HanStone Quartz countertops and plumbing fixtures that would reduce the number of gallons per flow for water conservation.
Curve Balconies.
Jeanne Gang was a rising architect when she and Studio Gang (her firm) took on the project. With the training Jeanne had received during school, Jeanne began with her design that would included balconies extending 2–12 feet outwards. Jeanne was inspired for this design from the topography layered limestone outcropping along the Great Lakes. The balconies are 9 inches thick and get thinner as they extend outwards to help with drainage. James Loewenberg helped SGA by finding an efficient way of creating the concrete balconies. He found that having an edge-form steel plate would guide the pour and once it was done drying it could be snapped back into a straight plane and reused for different curves on the other balconies. This method did leave the balconies without thermal breaks which caused criticism as it would cause a loss of heat during winters due to radiator effect. A function of the curve balconies is that they protect the building from harsh winds which happens to be one of the most difficult challenges in skyscraper engineering.

</doc>
<doc id="6921205" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921205" title="Saqqara Bird">
Saqqara Bird

The Saqqara Bird is a model bird made of sycamore wood and mounted on a stick, discovered during the 1898 excavation of the tomb of Pa-di-Imen in Saqqara, Egypt. It has been dated to approximately 200 BCE, and is now housed in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo. The Saqqara Bird has a wingspan of and weighs . Its purpose is unknown, although it is not capable of flight.
Suggested purposes.
The Saqqara Bird may be a ceremonial object because the falcon, the bird after which the Saqqara Bird is modeled, is the form most commonly used to represent several of the most important gods of Egyptian mythology, most notably the falcon deity Horus and the sun deity Ra Horakhty. Other possibilities are that it may have been a toy for an elite child, or it could have functioned as a weather vane. Another hypothesis is that this bird was positioned on the masthead of sacred boats used during the Opet Festival. Reliefs showing those boats are found in the Temple of Khonsu at Karnak and date to the late New Kingdom.
False claims of aerodynamics.
Some have suggested that the Saqqara Bird may represent evidence that knowledge of aerodynamics existed many centuries before its principles are known to have been discovered. Egyptian physician and dowser Khalil Messiha has speculated that the ancient Egyptians developed the first aircraft.
According to Kevin Desmond writing about the history of airplanes, no evidence has been found suggesting that these claims are true. As a result, the theory that the Saqqara Bird is a model of a flying machine is rejected by mainstream science. Richard P. Hallion notes that it is "far too heavy and unstable itself to fly". Norman Levitt and Paul R. Gross comment "The evidence? If you build a copy of balsa wood (rather than the original sycamore), and then add a vertical stabilizer (not present in the original) to the tail, you get a so-so version of a toy glider!"
Researchers at the Institute of Aerospace Technology Bremen conducted a CFD simulation of the artifact based on a 3D scan in 2023. The results showed that the artifact has a low maximum glide ratio and thus the glide properties are not sufficient. The center of mass of the artifact is also located at the trailing edge of the wing and thereby behind the neutral point. It is therefore unstable in pitch. In addition, it has an asymmetric lift distribution across the span of the wing, and would roll uncontrollably. The results are not consistent with the suggestion that the Saqqara Bird demonstrates ancient knowledge of aerodynamics.

</doc>
<doc id="6921206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921206" title="Diphosphorus">
Diphosphorus

Diphosphorus is an inorganic chemical with the chemical formula . Unlike nitrogen, its lighter pnictogen neighbor which forms a stable N2 molecule with a nitrogen to nitrogen triple bond, phosphorus prefers a tetrahedral form P4 because P-P pi-bonds are high in energy. Diphosphorus is, therefore, very reactive with a bond-dissociation energy (117 kcal/mol or 490 kJ/mol) half that of dinitrogen. The bond distance has been measured at 1.8934 Å.
Synthesis.
Diphosphorus has been generated by heating white phosphorus at 1100 kelvins (827 °C). Nevertheless, some advancements have been obtained in generating the diatomic molecule in homogeneous solution under normal conditions with the use of some transition metal complexes (based on, for example, tungsten and niobium). Methods for dissociation of bonds in P4 molecules via photoexcitation were also proposed.
The molecule attracted attention in 2006, when a new method for its synthesis at milder temperatures emerged. This method is a variation on nitrogen expulsion in azides with formation of a nitrene. The synthesis of the diphosphorus precursor consists of reacting a terminal niobium phosphide with a chloroiminophosphane:
Heating this compound at 50 °C in 1,3-cyclohexadiene serving as a solvent and as a trapping reagent expels diphosphorus, which is reactive, as the end products are a double Diels–Alder adduct and the niobium imido compound:
The same imido compound also forms when the thermolysis is performed in toluene, but in this case the fate of the diphosphorus is unknown.
P2 has been suggested to form as an intermediate in the photolysis of P4, and in the presence of 2,3-dimethyl-1,3-butadiene the diphosphane resulting from Diels–Alder addition is again formed. To date, no direct evidence of P2 formation via P4 photolysis exists.
The generation of diphosphorus from a diphosphorus bisanthracene adduct has been reported. The synthesis of a stabilized HP2+ cation has been reported.

</doc>
<doc id="6921208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921208" title="Wiliam Wirt Adams">
Wiliam Wirt Adams



</doc>
<doc id="6921215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921215" title="Hinduism in Gujarat">
Hinduism in Gujarat



</doc>
<doc id="6921217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921217" title="Microsoft Sans Serif">
Microsoft Sans Serif

Microsoft Sans Serif is a sans-serif typeface introduced with early Microsoft Windows versions. It is the successor of MS Sans Serif, formerly Helv, a proportional bitmap font introduced in Windows 1.0. Both typefaces are very similar in design to Arial and Helvetica. The typeface was designed to match the MS Sans bitmap included in the early releases of Microsoft Windows.
History.
Microsoft Sans Serif's predecessor is Helv (a shortened form of Helvetica), a bitmap font included with Windows 1.0 and later. In Windows 3.1, the bitmap font was renamed MS Sans Serif. "Helv" is still a valid alias for MS Sans Serif. OS/2 and its successor ArcaOS still name the font "Helv".
MS Sans Serif is the default system font on Windows 3.0, Windows 3.1, Windows 95, Windows NT 4.0, Windows 98, and Windows ME. A Euro symbol was added to this font for the release of Windows 98. MS Sans Serif is available in the font sizes 8, 10, 12, 14, 18, and 24. When changing the DPI settings in Windows 95 or later, Windows loads a different MS Sans Serif font, historically called the "8514" variant, which adds sizes 23 and 30 points (high DPI versions of sizes 18 and 24 respectively). 
Also, according to the strings hidden in the .FON file (on the original raster/bitmap variant), it is seen that the font was designed by Microsoft Corporation in 1987 (font sizes 8, 10, 12 and also a portion of the 8514/a version), also in 1985 by Xiphias, Los Angeles, CA (font sizes 14, 18, 24), also the 8514 version contains typefaces designed by Bitstream Inc. in 1989.
Description.
Microsoft Sans Serif is a TrueType font that is designed as a vectorized, metric-compatible variant of MS Sans Serif, distributed with Windows 2000 and later. This font also contains most glyphs shipped with any version of Windows until Windows Vista, excluding fonts supporting East Asian ideographs. The PostScript font name is codice_1.
Despite being a vectorized replacement, there are subtle design changes. One example is the capital R - where in the original MS Sans Serif it was designed in the style of Helvetica, in Microsoft Sans Serif it becomes a compromise between Helvetica and the straight-diagonal descender in Arial; the descender curves at the top and is a straight diagonal at the bottom. Other examples include the tail in the lowercase a being shortened to a vertical stem, the top of the stem on the lowercase f curving down instead of horizontally, the hook at the descenders of lowercase y and j curving up, and the strokes in the middle of digit 8 intersecting at a different angle.
Version 1.10 of the font includes 1119 glyphs (1209 characters, 26 blocks), supporting Unicode ranges Alphabetic Presentation forms, Arabic, Arabic Presentation forms A-B, Cyrillic, General Punctuation, Greek and Coptic, Hebrew, Latin Extended-A, Latin Extended-B, Latin Extended Additional, Mathematical Operators, Thai. Supported code pages include 1250-1258, Macintosh US Roman, 874, 864, 862, 708. Font is smoothed at 0-6 points, hinted at 7-14 points, hinted and smoothed at 15 and above points. OpenType features includes init, isol, medi, fina, liga for default Arabic script.
Version 1.41 (supplied with Windows XP SP2) includes 2257 glyphs (2301 characters, 28 blocks), which extended Unicode ranges to include Combining Diacritical Marks, Currency Symbols, Cyrillic Supplement, Geometric Shapes, Greek Extended, IPA Extensions, Number Forms, Spacing Modifier Letters. New OpenType scripts include Arabic MAR script. Additional OpenType features includes rlig for Arabic scripts.
Version 5.00 (supplied with Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008) includes 3053 glyphs (2788 characters, 36 blocks), which extended Unicode ranges to include Arabic Supplement, Combining Diacritical Marks Supplement, Combining Half Marks, Latin Extended-C, Latin Extended-D, Phonetic Extensions, Phonetic Extensions Supplement, Specials, Superscripts and Subscripts. New OpenType scripts include Arabic URD (Urdu), Cyrillic (default), Hebrew (default), Latin (default, Romanian), Thai (default). Additional OpenType features include: ccmp, mark, mkmk for Arabic scripts; locl for Arabic URD (Urdu) script; mark, mkmk for default Cyrillic; dlig, ccmp, mark for default Hebrew; ccmp, mark, mkmk for Latin scripts; locl for Romanian Latin; ccmp, mark, mkmk for Thai.
MS Sans Serif was given a PANOSE number that indicates it has "cove" serifs, while the PANOSE number for Microsoft Sans Serif indicates that is a sans serif.
Glyphs from Microsoft Sans Serif are also used in the typeface Kartika.
Non-Microsoft operating systems.
On October 16, 2007, Apple announced on their website that the next version of Mac OS X v10.5 ("Leopard"), would include Microsoft Sans Serif. Leopard also ships with several other previously Microsoft-only fonts, including Tahoma, Arial Unicode, and Wingdings. Microsoft Sans Serif has been included with all macOS versions since.
Retail versions of the font are sold through Ascender Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="6921218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921218" title="Till brönner">
Till brönner



</doc>
<doc id="6921219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921219" title="Selman v. Cobb County">
Selman v. Cobb County



</doc>
<doc id="6921229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921229" title="Bosnia (country)">
Bosnia (country)



</doc>
<doc id="6921236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921236" title="Scipiones">
Scipiones



</doc>
<doc id="6921240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921240" title="Arnie (Computer Game)">
Arnie (Computer Game)



</doc>
<doc id="6921242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921242" title="Steeple Island">
Steeple Island



</doc>
<doc id="6921243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921243" title="Kangaroo dog">
Kangaroo dog

The kangaroo dog or kangaroo hound is an Australian type of sighthound purposely crossbred from a variety of sighthound breeds to produce a hunting dog. 
Kangaroo dogs were first bred by colonial settlers in Australia from as early as the 1830s, the aim being to create a sighthound fast, strong and robust enough to outrun, catch and hold a kangaroo without being injured or disembowelled by the animal's powerful, clawed hind legs. From the 1830s onward, colonial hunting clubs were established across Australia's colonies, with native kangaroos, wallabies or dingoes pursued by mounted hunters and their kangaroo dogs. Originally, these dogs were bred from British sighthound breeds, principally the Greyhound and Scottish Deerhound, with occasional Irish Wolfhound blood; later, the Borzoi was also used and more recently the Saluki as well.
Hunting of native species with sighthounds is now banned in Australia; however, kangaroo dogs are still bred for hunting invasive introduced species, such as feral pigs and red foxes.

</doc>
<doc id="6921244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921244" title="Ron Magill">
Ron Magill

Ronald Norman Magill (born February 28, 1960) is an American wildlife photographer and the communications director of Zoo Miami (aka Miami-Dade Zoological Park and Gardens). Magill makes regular television appearances across local South Florida networks and has won five Emmy Awards for his work on nature documentary programs. With a Cuban father, he speaks both Spanish and English.
Early life.
Ron Magill's father Guillermo Magill spoke no English when he moved from Santiago, Cuba to New York and met his wife Lorraine. His mother grew up in New York and is of Colombian and German heritage. Born in 1960 in New York City, New York, the Magills were living in Jackson Heights, Queens, New York. Magill obtained an associate degree at the University of Florida.
Career.
Magill's first job was working at the Miami Serpentarium, which no longer exists. In 1980, he became a zookeeper at Crandon Park Zoo just before the facility moved across to the new Miami MetroZoo. He gradually became lead zookeeper, senior zookeeper and then assistant curator. Today, Magill remains at the renamed Miami-Dade Zoological Park and Gardens, as its communications director and makes appearances on television shows such as "Good Morning America", and "The Today Show". He appeared for over 25 years on the Spanish variety program "Sábado Gigante" until the show ended its over 50-year run in 2015. He has a regular segment on The Dan Le Batard Show with Stugotz, where listeners can call in and ask him questions, often humorous or irreverent. He has also appeared on several documentaries for the Discovery Channel and the History Channel, and, during the 1980s, handled many of the animals used on the "Miami Vice" television series.
Awards and recognition.
In 2006, Magill received the Wildlife Ambassador Award in recognition of his efforts on wildlife preservation. Magill was the founder of the Cheetah Ambassador Program at Zoo Miami. Magill is also a Nikon Ambassador. He has won five Emmy Awards for his work on the following nature documentary programs: "Dreams of Alaska", "The Amazon &amp; Beyond", "Alligator Love", and "Dreams of the Rain Forest".

</doc>
<doc id="6921258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921258" title="Lego RoboRiders">
Lego RoboRiders

Lego RoboRiders (stylized as LEGO RoboRiders) is a discontinued Lego theme launched in 2000, following the Throwbots/Slizers, and preceding Bionicle.
A total of eleven sets were released, seven official sets and four promotional sets were released as part of the theme. Sponsored drinks cans, when exposed to cold temperatures, would reveal codes used to play an online game. RoboRiders is the last line of action toys created in the Lego Technic line before Bionicle.
Types.
Power RoboRider.
The Power Lego toy figure resembles a yellow motorcycle. The features present on it include a crane, two plasma cannons that fire two small red LEGO pieces, and a wheel launcher. Both the toy and its corresponding realm are themed off of toxic waste, Power's realm resembling a post-apocalyptic city.
Frost RoboRider.
Frost's Lego toy figure resembles a white and grey motorcycle. It also features a wheel launcher and ice launchers that fire poles made out of translucent blue plastic. The toy is themed after ice. Frost's realm is depicted as an arctic tundra with ice-themed obstacles and creatures.
Lava RoboRider.
Lava's Lego toy figure is a red motorcycle. Both the figure and its corresponding realm are themed after volcanoes and magma. The toy's features include a wheel launcher and a spinning mechanism with two small axes on it.
Swamp RoboRider.
Swamp's Lego toy figure is a teal and green motorcycle. Both Swamp's toy and realm are themed after swamps, hence the name. The toy's features are two katanas and a wheel launcher.
Onyx RoboRider.
Onyx's Lego toy figure is a black motorcycle. Both the toy and its realm are themed after rocks. The features on the toy are a wheel launcher and laser cannons, which shoot red translucent poles.
Dust RoboRider.
Dust, which is another Lego toy figure, searches for the enemies in the much-dreaded Desert-Realm within the theme of the product line. There are howling sandstorms that are very difficult to navigate through, the terrain is very tough to drive in, and there is always a danger of drowning in quicksand or monster sandstorms. Dust's main enemies are the sand pits. Dust is armed with two spears, and is also armed with a wheel launcher. His colors are tan and grey.
Boss RoboRider.
The Boss RoboRider Lego toy figure is depicted as an orange motorcycle. The toy's place in the fictional storyline is unknown. It was the final release for the RoboRiders toyline.
Wheels.
Two unique wheels were released on each set, a different color each time, Lego said these wheels had special powers, however no information was ever released on what powers these wheels had, only names: Axer, Blazooka, Chain-Saw, Driller, Dynamite, Flame, Fuel, Grab, Laser, Ninja, Rope, Scout, Skeleton, Stunner, Toxic and Twin-Saw.
Promotional sets.
Four promotional sets were given out by the Kabaya Candy Corp based on four of the RoboRiders. They were never mentioned in the storyline. 

</doc>
<doc id="6921265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921265" title="Gold Coast City Art Gallery">
Gold Coast City Art Gallery

The Gold Coast City Art Gallery was a regional Art museum located in Surfers Paradise on the Gold Coast in Queensland, Australia. Opened in 1986, the Gallery was part of HOTA, Home of the Arts (formerly known as the Gold Coast Art Centre) which is funded by the Gold Coast City Council. After 33 years, the Gold Coast City Art Gallery closed in 2018 to prepare for the opening of the new $60.5m HOTA gallery in early 2021.
City Collection.
The Gallery was the home of the renowned City Collection of contemporary and historical artworks documenting the character of the Gold Coast as well as the development of contemporary Australian Art practice. In 2021 the City Collection will move to its new home in the new HOTA Gallery.
Art Prizes.
The Gallery was also home to one of Australia's longest running art prizes, the Drs Stan and Maureen Duke Gold Coast Art Prize which is an acquisitive art award and exhibition of contemporary Australian Art. This Prize began its life in 1968 with the inaugural Gold Coast Art Prize. The prize was established with the intention of bringing the latest in contemporary art practice to what was then a relatively small tourism-based community. From 1990 to 2006 it was known as the Conrad Jupiters Art Prize and many significant works were acquired during this time including the first public gallery acquisitions of works by Adam Cullen and Guan Wei. The prize now enters a new era with the support of the Stan and Maureen Duke Foundation. The support through the Foundation has allowed for a significant increase in the overall value of the prize. The collection has benefited greatly from gifts of art from Barbara and Patrick Corrigan, and Elizabeth and Colin Laverty.
The Gallery was also the home of the Josephine Ulrick and Win Schubert Photography Award. An initiative of the Josephine Ulrick and Win Schubert Foundation, the award honours the philanthropy of Win Schubert AO (1937-2017) and her extraordinary generosity as a lifelong custodian of Australian photography, art and creativity. It is now also the biggest award in photography for Queensland and second in Australia, acting as a touchstone for contemporary photographic practice nationwide.
Exhibitions and events.
When open the Gallery presented a diverse and dynamic program of exhibitions and events. These included local, national and international exhibitions. The exhibitions and events were both generated by the Gallery and those displayed as part of touring schedule.
The Gallery is also home to the riverside Sculpture Walk, an exhibition that provides a walk through a range of outdoor sculptures. These sculptures include permanent and semi-permanent sculptures by Australian and international artists. The Sculpture Walk is set against the backdrop of the high-rise Gold Coast skyline.

</doc>
<doc id="6921266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921266" title="A's baseball">
A's baseball



</doc>
<doc id="6921267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921267" title="Soir 3">
Soir 3

Soir 3 (literally Evening 3) was the late-night newscast of the French public television network France 3. The program, FR3's first national news bulletin, was launched in 1978 by its then head of news Jean-Marie Cavada. The bulletin was shown at 10:30 pm for 60 minutes from Monday to Thursday, and was presented by Louis Laforge and Patricia Loison. The weekend editions, simply known as Soir 3 was broadcast at various times on Fridays and at weekends, when the regular anchor was Francis Letellier.
The newscast was axed in a cost-cutting move in 2019 with a single-anchor replacement, "Le 23h", broadcast instead on the Franceinfo channel.
Format.
Weekdays.
For most of the year the weekday editions of "Soir 3" were broadcast at 10:30 pm from the set of the live cultural discussion show "Ce soir (ou jamais!)", which were broadcast immediately afterwards. During certain periods, such as over the summer break and on other holidays, the programme was however shown at various times and comes from the France 3 news studio. In addition to a summary of the day's news, the programme format included several regular features such as "sans détours" ("without detours", an extended interview with a prominent figure or expert) and "lu, vu, entendu" ("read, seen and heard", which highlights a cultural medium such as a book, album or play). The latter of these were usually the last item in the bulletin. The show, Ce soir (ou jamais!), has since transferred to France 2 in March 2013, meaning that Grand Soir 3 was then broadcast live from the France 3 news studio.
Stéphane Lippert has been the interim weekday host of "Soir 3" since September 2010, replacing Carole Gaessler who left the programme after two years to become the anchor of France 3's main evening news bulletin, "19/20". Lippert was previously the host of the network's lunchtime news programme "12/13". Gaessler had succeeded Marie Drucker in September 2008 after the latter joined the news team of sister station France 2; Drucker had in turn held the position from September 2005 when she replaced the duo of Audrey Pulvar and Louis Laforge. Drucker stood aside for a spell in the run-up to the 2007 French presidential election after details of her relationship with Minister of Overseas France François Baroin were made public. During the period Drucker switched positions with Laforge, now host of the documentary series "Des racines et des ailes". Other past hosts of "Soir 3" have included Christine Ockrent and Henri Sannier. From 25 March 2013, it was then known as "Grand Soir 3" and became an hour-long news and discussion programme, broadcasting from 10:30pm to 11:30pm. The "Grand Soir 3"'s last anchors were Louis Laforge and Patricia Loison.
Originally airing at around 11 pm, the weekday programme moved to 10:30 pm on 5 January 2009, as France 3 revamped its schedule to accommodate the government-mandated end of advertising on France Télévisions stations during prime time. A five-minute pre-recorded regional news opt-out was introduced as part of the revamp. However, the programme has since expanded to 60 minutes on weekdays, but the weekend editions remain unchanged.
Weekends.
The weekend (Friday to Sunday) editions of "Soir 3", presented by Francis Letellier since June 2006, have several notable differences from their weeknight counterparts. Since "Ce soir (ou jamais!)" does not air at weekends, the programmes were broadcast year-round from the main France 3 news studio, which also houses the national lunchtime (12/13) and evening (19/20) news broadcasts, and do not possess a fixed slot in the schedule. Some segments, such as "lu, vu, entendu", do not feature in the weekend edition. In September 2010 the Sunday edition of the programme was lengthened by 10 minutes to include an extended political interview.
Ratings.
The 2008 annual report of France Télévisions claimed an average audience of 1.4 million viewers for "Soir 3". Figures from audience measurement firm Médiamétrie put the programme's share of viewing at 16.3% on 29 July 2008, a night on which it recorded 2 million viewers, its best ratings of the year. France 3's average audience share for the month of July 2008 was 13.2%.

</doc>
<doc id="6921275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921275" title="Polish comic">
Polish comic



</doc>
<doc id="6921277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921277" title="Yuba City High School">
Yuba City High School

Yuba City High School is a public secondary school in Yuba City, California. It had roughly 3,000 students before River Valley High School opened in 2005. The school colors are brown and gold. Its mascot is the "Honker", a nickname for Canada geese.
Athletics.
Yuba City High School's athletic program used to compete in Division I of the Sac-Joaquin Section as a member of the Sierra Foothill League (until 1970), North Metro League (1970–76), Delta League (1976–1998, 2000–02), Capital Athletic League (1998–2000) and Metro Conference (2002–06). However, with the opening of River Valley High School, Yuba City's enrollment split in half and the Honkers moved to the Division III Tri-County Conference in fall 2006. Yuba City began competing in the Capital Valley Conference beginning in fall 2018.
Fall sports
American football, girls' tennis, girls' volleyball, girls' field hockey, cross country, girls' golf
Winter sports
Boys' basketball, girls' basketball, wrestling, boys' soccer, girls' soccer
Spring sports
Boys' baseball, boys' golf, boys' tennis, softball, swimming, diving, track &amp; field, competitive stunt cheer
Mel Good.
Every December, Yuba City High School hosts a basketball tournament called the Mel Good Holiday Classic, which is one of the biggest tournaments in Northern California. Teams from all over Northern California come to the school and are hosted by YCHS students.
Music.
Yuba City High School has a marching and concert band, full orchestra and chorus. The Yuba City High School marching band was renamed the "Brown and Gold Brigade" in 2009. After school, students are invited to participate in Pep Band, Jazz Band and Winter Percussion.
Yuba City High School bus tragedy.
In the late morning on May 21, 1976, a bus with the school's choir veered off the Marina Vista/Martinez Exit off-ramp from southbound Highway 680 (now Exit 56 of Interstate 680), and fell approximately , landing on its roof and collapsing inwards. One teacher and 28 students died, leaving 24 survivors out of 52 passengers on the bus.

</doc>
<doc id="6921278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921278" title="Cathedral of St. Bartholomew, Plzeň">
Cathedral of St. Bartholomew, Plzeň

The Cathedral of St. Bartholomew (), originally the Church of St. Bartholomew, is a Gothic church located on the Main Square in Plzeň, Czech Republic. It was probably established together with the city around the year 1295. The church became a cathedral in 1993, when the Plzeň diocese was created. It was designated a national cultural monument of the Czech Republic in 1995.
The History of the church/cathedral.
The Cathedral of St. Bartholomew was established probably simultaneously with the city of Plzen around the year 1295. Originally, it was only an affiliated branch of the , which is a part of the Roudná neighbourhood. The patron of both churches was the Czech king; in 1310 the King Henry of Bohemia (1265–1335) bestowed the patronal right upon the Teutonic Order. However, the same year, the king was banished from the Czech country and the Order didn't dare to take hold of their right. The Teutonic Order finally enforced this right from John of Bohemia (1296–1346) in 1322. However, next problem arose with the conflict over a presbytery with the Church of All Saints, resulting in favour of the Teutonic Order in 1342. The takeover of the clergy houses therefore probably became the motive for the initiation of the church construction. The Teutonic Order remained its patron until 1546, when the city of Plzeň got the abovementioned patronal right. The Diecese of Plzeň was established by Pope John Paul II on 31 May 1993, and then the parish church became a cathedral, the urban church of the bishop.
The Origin of the church.
The exact date of the start of its construction is not known, but the oldest extant allusion comes from the year 1307, when the townsman Wolfram Zwinillinger bequeathed the malt and drying factory to St. Bartholomew with the condition of serving a church mass on behalf of his soul. Therefore, it could be estimated that the church could have been established approximately around the same year as the city of Plzeň - shortly after 1295. However, it is not known where it stood. The placement of the church on a public market place was a very unusual solution. The construction of the church started with the presbytery after 1342. The presbytery seems shorter in comparison to usual proportions of a typical presbytery. This is caused by its partial destruction during the construction of the nave and side aisles. The presbytery reached up to the first pair of pillars in the nave and therefore the size of the presbytery had to be adjusted. The pillars were supposed to be shorter, which was changed after the 1360s, mainly because the presbytery was enlarged.
The main nave and side aisles were being constructed since approximately 1375. First, the double-tower frontage was established and then it continued towards the already standing presbytery. The plan was to build two towers, the northern and the southern, out of which the southern was never finished.
The sacristy was constructed on the northern side of the presbytery together with the tower. The walls of the nave and side aisles were fully built until the beginning of the Hussite Wars (around the 1420s). The height of the northern tower did not exceed the height of the cornice. The church was roofed only with a frame shaped into a tall tent roof, with a tower for smaller bells. This enabled the usage of the church even before it was finished.
The era after the Hussite Wars.
The construction of the church continued after the Hussite Wars. The side portals were built up at the beginning of the 15th century. After 1476, the nave and side aisles were roofed with net vaults on circular supports. The architect, who was probably Mister Erhard Bauer from Eichstätt (15. century in Eichstätt – 1493) changed the original plan because the pillars were designed to be cornered. At this time, the construction of the southern tower was already being dropped out, because it was against the aesthetic opinions of the era. Subsequently, the nave and side aisles were roofed with a tented roof, culminating into a small tower, which was just a little smaller than the future northern tower (it was still under construction at the time).
The Sternberg Chapel, an important part of the church, was added to the southern part of the presbytery in the 1470s and 1480s. It was supposed to serve as a funerary chapel of the family. The author was Hans Spiess (died 1503), working for the king Vladislaus II on a close castle Křivoklá at the time. In 1472 (1220–1287) was buried in the church, probably in the just finished chapel. In the same year, the ante-room was added to the southern portal with the details of the decoration consistent with the decoration of the chapel.
A vast fire destroyed Plzeň in 1525 and the roof frame of the church burned down. Subsequently, in 1528, the tent roof was replaced with a saddle roof, which remained until today. The northern ante-room was added in first third of the 16th century, in a little less decorative manner than the Sternberg Chapel and southern ante-room. The Renaissance dormers were built in 1580.
18th century until today.
19th century.
In the second half of the 18th century, the organ-loft was extended. On 6 February 1835, a thunderbolt caused a fire on the northern tower. Two years later, the tower was newly roofed under the supervision of the builder František Filous (*1799-1869) – it was only a simplified copy of the original post-gothic roof.
In 1870, as a result of a windstorm, the eastern gable fell down onto the presbytery and the Sternberg Chapel - it threw off the dome together with the keystone. The reconstruction lead the architect Josef Mocker (1835-1899) in 1879-1883 – he was a specialist for the purist reconstructions and influenced Czech gothic purism with his work in the 2nd half of the 19th century. Beside the repair of the presbytery vault, he replaced the main old baroque altar with a new one, designed by himself, which was typical for the era. He removed old renaissance dormers from the roofs and more than 24 mostly baroque altars from the interior.
20th century.
In 1914–1920 a vast restoration of the church and the Sternberg Chapel took place under supervision of the architect (1869–1933), who was also responsible for finishing the St. Vitus Cathedral in Prague. The last reconstruction of the church up till now happened in 1987. The project for static securing of the church and the tower and also the repair of the roof cloak was made by the architect Šantavý.
Location and architectural description.
Location.
The church is located on the northern side of the square, which is quite an unusual placing with regard to the era. In most of the planned established cities (not only in the western Czech Republic) the church was placed outside the square, next to the city rampart. The main reason for this was a much calmer and quieter atmosphere than the city market.
Architectural description.
General description.
The temple is designed as a hall church with main nave and two side aisles, with four bays and a two-tower bays on the western side. On the west is located the presbytery with two dome bays, closed on a polygonal with five sides of a dodecagon. The church is accessible with the main entrance in the western frontage, and with two side entrances with ante-rooms on the northern and southern side of the church. The sacristy is connected to the presbytery on the north, together with a palatal depository. On the southern side from the presbytery is situated the Sternberg Chapel.
The cathedral is 58 m long, 30 m wide and 25 m tall. The church tower is 103 m tall and it is the tallest church tower in the Czech Republic.
Exterior.
The lining materials of the cathedral are hewn sandstone blocks, originating from the stone quarries to the north from the historical core. The masonry is encircled by a plinth around the whole perimeter and ends with a moulding in the upper part.
The western frontage was originally established as a two-tower one. The towers were supposed to be supported by vigorous pillars, reaching up to the cornices of both towers. Ultimately, this happened only on the realized northern tower. In case of the unfinished southern tower, the pillars are ending right under the cornice carrying the roof, in contrast to the supporting pillars of the walls, which are terminating a little lower. In the floor plan, the pillars are graduated once, in the height of 16 m. On the southern tower are represented the same palatal cornices found on the northern tower. The ground windows are pointed and windows in the upper floors are rectangular. The windows next to the bell stool are again pointed. Above them, the clock is located.
In the middle part of the western frontage is located a Gothic spiky portal with a glass tympanum, the outer archivolt of the portal is encircled by crockets, culminating in a finial. The linings of the portal were used for placing the statues of Virgin Mary and John the Evangelist, who together with Christ on the cross created the group "Crucifixion". Between the portal and the floor cornice is located the niche with the baroque statue of the Saint Bartholomew. Above the portal there is a pointed window with a neo-gothic tracery. The simple gable on the middle nave can also be included into the western frontage.
On the side frontages, northern and southern, we can find only slight differences – they are very similar to the other frontages. On the western corner, there are supporting pillars of the tower and the frontages are then divided into five fields by other pillars. The first field next to the western corner is solved in the same manner as the western two-tower frontage. The other fields contain pointed windows, which are divided into four parts in the second and fifth field, similar for both frontages. In the third field on the southern side there is a seven-part window. On the northern side, there is a six-part window. In the fourth field, the number of parts is again different – on the south the window is a four-part one, on the north a two-part one. In the linings of all the windows we can find deep cavettos. The traceries are mostly Rayonnant, Spherical and Cloverleafed.
Although the side portals are nowadays located in the interior of the ante-rooms, they were originally designed as the parts of the frontage, and that is why it is important to describe them together with the frontages. The southern portal is richer than the northern one, because it used to be opened into a greater area of the square. Therefore, the decorativeness of this part was much more important. The individual rods of the pointed lining jut out of small plinths. The lining continuously continues into a square bordering. Crocket is used as a decoration for both archivolts and the bordering. The northern portal is designed in a very similar manner.
Both portals were provided with ante-rooms between 15th and 16th century. The ante-room in the southern part of the church has a pentagonal floor-plan with a pinnacle on the corner, decorated with an effigy on the bottom (probably the self-portrait of the builder Hans Spiess). The visitor enters the ante room through two pointed portals with linings shaped into torus and cavettos. Above the square door openings there are lintels. On the walls of the ante-room there is a segmentation similar to the one used on the Sternberg Chapel. The ante-room on the northern side has a rectangular floor plan reaching slightly over the border of the pillars. The entrances have profiled linings, whose rods jut out of plinths. Above the cornice there is an attic, whose battlement shape enables water runoff. The ante-room is roofed with a shed roof with a gable dormer.
The presbytery of the church is quite small in comparison to the size of the church. Its masonry is encircled by a plinth culminating into a window-sill cornice. The windows of the presbytery are divided into two parts, except for the axial window, which is a three-part one. Their traceries are quite similar, the main motif is a spherical triangle, for example in case of the middle window decorated with double or triple leaves. Two windows on the north and one window on the south are walled. In case of the southern window, this happened due to the adjustment of the connection of the presbytery with the nave, which was extended beyond the original plan. The pillars of the presbytery are smaller than pillars in the other parts of the cathedral. They are triple and the shed roofs on the tops have little gables. We can see decorations in shape of shields with German knight's signs on them.
The northern part of the presbytery is connected to a sacristy with the multi-storey depository. It is covered with a shed roof, the parts are divided by a window-sill cornice. In the corner between the nave and the presbytery there is a tube coming out of the sacristy, with a spiral staircase inside leading to an attic above the presbytery. The windows on the northern side are not placed above each other, and the reason for this is a different solution for the vaults in the interior. The outer entrance is decorated with a small portico in neo-gothic style. On the eastern side there is a two-part pointed window for each of the two floors.
There is the Sternberg Chapel on the southern side of the presbytery, closed with three sides. In the corners there are supporting pillars, and between them, in each of the three fields are placed windows. Above the window-sill cornice, the pillars are decorated with triangular gables culminating in pinnacles. The traceries of the windows have similar Rayonnant motives. The chapel is covered with a hipped roof.
Interior.
The presbytery is sectionalized by linear pear-shaped beam supports continuously merging into a baldachin vault. The entrance into the presbytery is provided with an arch of triumph, taller than the presbytery itself. The difference of heights is solved with a plane with representation of Jesus Christ as the judge at the Last Judgement. Into the sacristy and chapel lead two neo-gothic portals with linings shaped into pointed arch with crockets on the outer part and finial on the top. The vaults are decorated with paintings by Karl Jobst from 1883.
The planned double-tower frontage is represented in the interior by massive pillars with cross profiles, turned into the main nave with pointed half-pillars. The vault under the southern tower is solved with a simple four-pointed star with middle cross ribs. The entrance space is vaulted with a four-pointed star vault complemented with a diagonal cross with pear-shaped supports.
The inner space of the naves is encircled with a window-sill cornice around the perimeter, which continue into cylindrical supports with cantilevers on top. From there on, vault supports are passing up. In the southern aisle on the eastern wall, there is the pointed entrance portal into the Sternberg Chapel. The windows along the aisles, four on every side of the church, have a distinctive cylindrical profile in the linings.
The vault of the nave is supported with cylindrical pillars standing on a circular plinth. There are probably located the foundations of the original pillars with square profiles under these pillars, similar to the shape of the arch of triumph's supports' feet, suggesting the same architectural concept. The pillars under the tower also show a later change of the vaulting plan, since the jugs of the vault ribs show the original plan of using the cross vault. They use a tracery vault, therefore these ribs had to be additionally turned and duplicated.
On the western side of the aisles in the space between the towers id located a church-gallery, in the height of approximately 8 m. By the end of the 16th century it was enlarged with the help of the vault bars supported with cross pillars. Other adjustments were then made in the 1760s, when the church-gallery was extended into the space of the nave.
The sacristy is located on the ground floor, in the area of the extension to the northern part of the presbytery. It has a rectangular floor plan and includes two fields of vaulting. In the bigger field there is a star net vault, in the smaller there is a simple cross vault. The vault ribs have a similar pear-shaped profile. In the south-western corner of the sacristy there is a spiral staircase, leading to the depository above the sacristy.
The depository originally functioned as an almarium, later as a tracery for the storage of valuable liturgical objects. The space is vaulted with two fields of cross vaulting. According to certain inaccuracies, we can tell that they were probably constructed for different spaces. Into the space of the depository they were inserted additionally. The ribs have a pear-shaped profile again.
The staircase continues to the attic space above the presbytery. According to the contemporary artwork, we can deduce that this part of the staircase was added around the time of reconstructions in 1879–1883, which is also visible on a slight different shape of this staircase than the one leading from the sacristy to the depository.
The Description of the Decorations.
The most valuable decoration of the church is the argillite sculpture of the Plzeň Madonna (from around 1390) in the middle of the main pseudo-gothic altar designed by the architect Josef Mocker. An extraordinary work of gothic woodcraft is also a monumental group of statues "The Calvary" from the 1460s. There is an entrance from the main nave to the late gothic Sternberg Chapel in the right part of the church, where also the Czech Altar is located – an Art Nouveau work of the carver Jan Kastner. In the church, we can also find colourful stained glass windows, such as the window with Calvary motive by local painter , or works by other influential artists.
Curiosities.
The 27th chapel of the holy Saint Vitus Journey from Prague to Boleslav was dedicated to the Plzeň Madonna. This chapel was founded in the years 1674–1690. The donator of this chapel was Adolf Vratislav, the imperial count of Sternberg, the highest provincial judge. On 17 November 2014 the great tower of the cathedral obtained its bells again, except for one originally molten in the Netherlands for a contribution of a bell maker from Zbraslav, Rudolf Manoušek junior.
Sternberg Chapel.
At the beginning of the 16th century the Sternberg Chapel was added to the already existing Cathedral of St. Bartholomew in Plzeň. Its construction took place mainly due to certain power-influenced events. The noble Sternberg family chose this place as the family's eternal rest place.
Builders and the owners.
Unfortunately, the time of beginning of its construction and the name of its builder are unknown. However, one possible author is considered to be , who at that time worked for the King Vladislaus II in the near castle Křivoklát. A source from the year 1472 is implying this information, since it says that at the time Jaroslav of (son of Ladislav of Sternberg) was buried in the castle – quite possibly in the just finished chapel.
Due to its architectural details, it is possible to deduce the work of the builder of the Saint Vitus Cathedral, the architect , who supervised the restoration of the church in the years 1914–1920. He also set the era after the year 1510 as the most probable time of the origin of this monument, which also agrees with former messages about the lives of the Sternberg family in Zelená Hora and broader Plzeň country.
Art-historical analysis of the chapel also shows that the builder was not the well/known Czech builder Benedikt Rejt; the dimensional curiosities of the chapel rather indicate the neighboring Luzice area. There, in the city of Zwickau, is located a cathedral built in the same era as the Sternberg Chapel, which shows eye-catching similarities between those two cathedrals. Therefore, there comes an assumption, that its builder was a man from Luzice. And because not only Ladislav of Sternberg, but also his predecessors had close relations to Lužice, it is possible, that the chapel builder took hold of a proficient in the area, where he had the best contacts and possibilities.
The builder chose for the cathedral a place showing the best conditions. It is the corner, originating from the meeting of the broad, right nave of the church with the presbytery. It is turned to a silent and sunny southern part, promising a quiet atmosphere for the eternal rest of the family.
Exterior.
The tall construction of the cathedral dictated the additional building to be slender and – the technical possibilities of the late Gothic were so extensive that it passed this condition very easily. Massive stone walls were skillfully hidden by the builder by the beginning of the 16th century, so that they receded completely to the background.
An unusual decoration of the bottom part is worth noticing – it is “paneled” around its entire width, which means that it is covered with carved Gothic tracery. Above this part under the windows and around the whole perimeter is located a massive ledge. From this ledge there are growing triangular pinnacles lying on supporting pillars. There are four pinnacles for each of the pillars – on the sides is one bigger pinnacle, two smaller in front, which converge at an acute angle. Large pinnacles are decorated with tracery – one with a circular eight-pointed star – the Sternberg sign. On the edges and in corners are added to the pillars slender pinnacles.
In the uppermost part the pillars slightly recede, the decoration is the same, just a bit simpler. They do not terminate with pinnacles, but with a skew deck called counter, over which grow to a considerable height massive pinnacles. They also protrude above the main cornice of the chapel and their weight is helping to increase the resistance of the pillars, into which converge arch ribs of the stone vault.
On the southeast wall above the window is located in the left corner stone sign of the Sternberg family in a decorative canopy, also terminating in a pinnacle.
The windows are quite wide, decorated with diverse and truly rich traceries with Rayonnant motives and each of them divided by two rods.
The roof has not been preserved in its original form. Before the reconstruction it was only an “emergency” roof – shed roof. Today, it is a new tent slate roof, which fully applies the slender contour of the chapel. The rafter construction is mostly cock-lofted, and as for the material, pine wood was used.
Interior.
The vault of the Sternberg chapel is designed into an eight-pointed star, which was to be found on the shield of the Sternberg family. 7 suspended ribs are coming out of the star. They are connected deep beneath the vault with a decorative stud with figural motives, where again we can see the Sternberg sign. The belonging of the chapel was therefore properly emphasized.
On the southern wall near the floor tiles are located various niches. One of them, a wide and doubled one is a so-called sedilia – the seat for the priest. A wide segmented arched niche to the right was originally closed with a grating and served as a depository of worship utensils. Similarly narrow, tall and tapered side niche was used for special items – e.g. candles.
The original entrance to the chapel was in the north and it was possible to enter directly to the right nave of the church. In the 18th century there were two altars in the church, one on each side – the altar of St. Barbara and St. Catherine.
On the eastern side of the chapel stood the main altar on a stone Gothic-profiled table, still preserved today. Wooden architecture that was once depicted on it unfortunately disappeared. Since the beginning of the 17th century, i.e. since the reconstruction of the chapel by Ladislav of Sternberg, there were two other altars next to the main one, which however did not lie on stone tables; they were made fully of wood. These altars were not built next to the walls, they were touching them on the sides, so that one stood slightly in front of the main altar and next to the northern wall. Second, inversely, on the opposite side, the right side to the south wall.
After the restoration in the early 17th century the chapel only had painting decoration. The counting of paintings first occurred in 1765. At that time, on the epistle side hung Holy Family in black framework and underneath another painting of Our Lady of Sorrows. On the gospel side (left) was located a large painting of Saint Joseph on his deathbed, next to which stood Jesus and Mary with angels. At the entrance was hung a painting of Saint Rosalia.
Since the beginning of the 18th century were in the chapel also stored sculptures used in religious processions. Next to the main altar were located large sculptures of the Virgin Mary with Jesus and Saint Sebastian the martyr. Elsewhere are stored statues of the Immaculate Conception, St. Adalbert, bishop and martyr and St. Isidore. There was also a large sculpture of 12 Apostles, composed of three parts.
Substantial parts of the church murals were preserved until today. They are the Lobkowicz and Sternberg signs with the relevant inscriptions, which decorate the northern wall. Then there remained several figures of the Saints on the western and southern wall, which show the original dedication of the chapel. There is the Virgin Mary, St. Wenceslaus and St. Barbara. The paintings are life-size, however they are faded and neglected and are waiting for a thorough restoration.

</doc>
<doc id="6921282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921282" title="Cathedral of St. Bartholomew (Plzen)">
Cathedral of St. Bartholomew (Plzen)



</doc>
<doc id="6921288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921288" title="Institute of the Good Shepherd">
Institute of the Good Shepherd

The Institute of the Good Shepherd (, ) is a Catholic society of apostolic life made up of traditionalist priests promoting the Tridentine Mass and other traditional sacraments, in full communion with the Holy See. As of 2024, the Institute has 62 priests, 5 deacons and 44 seminarians (of 12 nationalities) and is active in ten countries over four continents.
Background.
Father Paul Aulagnier, who had been provincial superior of the Society of Saint Pius X in France from 1976 to 1994 was expelled from the society in 2004 for having spoken in favour of the 2002 agreement between the Holy See and the priests of Campos, Brazil who form the Personal Apostolic Administration of Saint John Mary Vianney. These priests, however, accepted the hermeneutics of the continuity of Pope Benedict XVI, while the priests of the Institute of the Good Shepherd were authorised by the Vatican to use the Tridentine form of the Roman Rite exclusively and criticize the reforms of the Second Vatican Council. Father Aulagnier, for example, published through a book in Portuguese defending Archbishop Marcel Lefebvre and his traditionalist claims.
In August 2004 Father Philippe Laguérie was expelled for having complained that the Society of Saint Pius X had serious problems which discouraged priestly vocations in its seminaries. As a disciplinary measure he had been transferred to Mexico, but refused the assignment.
Father Laguérie had for many years been in charge of the church of Saint-Nicolas-du-Chardonnet in Paris, occupied by the Society of St Pius X since 1977. In 1993, he made an attempt to take over another Paris church, the Church of Saint-Germain-l'Auxerrois. He carried out the operation successfully at Bordeaux, obtaining the approval of the city council, but not of the archbishop's office, to take over the church of Saint-Eloi in January 2002.
Father Christophe Héry was expelled for supporting Laguérie, as was Father Guillaume de Tanoüarn. The latter was the founder of the religious association of Saint-Marcel and the Saint-Paul Centre in Paris.
On 15 June 2006, a French court in Nanterre (chambre du Tribunal de grande instance de Nanterre) ordered the reinstatement of Fathers Laguérie and Héry.
Foundation.
They had already decided to embark on a new path (while, according to at least one of them, remaining members of the Society of St Pius X). On 8 September 2006, the liturgical feast of the Nativity of Mary, they, together with Father Henri Forestier, who also was stationed in Bordeaux, formed the Institute of the Good Shepherd, a society of apostolic life in full communion with the Holy See. Several seminarians joined the new fraternity, some of them close to ordination, and Cardinal Darío Castrillón Hoyos, who signed the decree approving their constitutions for a preliminary experimental period of five years, promised to confer the sacrament of orders on them.
Father Laguérie had declared in March 2006 that agreement with the Holy See was required by the very constitution of the Catholic Church, and he asked his parishioners to take note of the signs of good will on the part of Rome and of its intention to put an end to the doctrinal turmoil and the scandals of 1960-2000. He pointed to an address of Pope Benedict as a condemnation of using "the spirit of the Council" as a pretext for excesses.
Agreement with the Holy See.
The Holy See granted the members of the new institute use, as the institute's own rite, of the "Tridentine" form of the Roman Rite, employing the 1962 Roman Missal. For their part, each of the founding members personally undertook to respect the authentic Magisterium of the See of Rome with "complete fidelity to the infallible Magisterium of the Church." The members of the institute may engage in a criticism of the Second Vatican Council that is serious and constructive and in accord with Pope Benedict XVI's address of 22 December 2005 to the Roman Curia, while recognizing that it is for the Apostolic See to give the final authentic interpretation.
Present situation.
In less than five months, by 6 February 2007, membership had grown to ten priests and two deacons – one close to priestly ordination – incardinated in the institute and listed by name on Father Laguérie's blog. In its two formation houses it also had a not-yet-incardinated deacon, a subdeacon and eight other seminarians. There was one brother (a lay member of the institute). The ordination on 3 March 2007 added another two priests, while maintaining the number of deacons at two. Priests from many places were requesting incardination, but the institute exercised prudence in their regard.
Cardinal Castrillón fulfilled the promise he made when the Institute was founded and on 22 September 2007 ordained five priests of the Institute, one of whom was a former member of the Society of St. Pius X. The archbishop of Bordeaux and president of the French episcopal conference, Jean-Pierre Ricard, was present.
By 8 September 2008, the priests of the Institute had grown to 18, and the seminarians to 30. The priests became 22 in the following month and 24 in the spring of 2009.
In September 2009, the Institute had in France a house of formation for its seminarians studying philosophy, and a residence in Rome for its students of theology. It had eight Mass centres in France, and one in each of five other countries: Chile, Colombia, Italy, Poland and Spain. It also had three schools. The Reparative Slaves of the Holy Family had come into existence with three Sisters taking the veil.
As of 2015 the Institute had 33 priestly members. They opened a house in Rome, Casa San Clemente, headed by Father Matthieu Raffray who is assisted by Father Giorgio Lenzi.
As of 2019 the Institute had more than 30 seminarians studying at their Seminary of St. Vincent de Paul in Courtalain, France.
As of 2019 the Institute operates a mission in Monterey, California as their sole presence in the United States.
As of 2020, the Institute has 48 priests and over 30 seminarians.
In 2021 Bishop Peter A. Libasci erected a personal parish of the Institute in Winchester (NH).
As of 2023, the Institute has 61 priests, 46 seminarians and is active in nine countries (France, Poland, Italy, Portugal, Brazil, Colombia, USA, Uganda, Australia) over four continents.
Latin America District.
On 1 November 2006, Father Rafael Navas Ortiz was nominated superior for the Latin America District.
There were unconfirmed rumours in February 2008 that Cardinal Francisco Javier Errázuriz Ossa, the Archbishop of Santiago, Chile ordered the Institute to cease celebrating the Tridentine Mass and leave the country. It is not authorized to celebrate the Tridentine Mass publicly in Santiago and his celebrations are therefore of private character, as permitted by the motu proprio Summorum Pontificum.
In March, 2011, an independent chapel located in Bogota, Colombia was officially incardinated into the institute by the Archbishop of Bogota, and is now officially recognized by the Archdiocese. The priest of the chapel has been given faculties to say public Masses (TLM) and hear confessions.
In Brazil the Institute has houses in Brasília, São Paulo, Belém and Curitiba. Besides, there are several apostolates in other major cities.

</doc>
<doc id="6921289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921289" title="Wild arms series">
Wild arms series



</doc>
<doc id="6921294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921294" title="I am a Sex Addict">
I am a Sex Addict



</doc>
<doc id="6921300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921300" title="Steeple Jason Island">
Steeple Jason Island

Steeple Jason Island is a small island west of Grand Jason Island. It is a part of the Jason Islands in the Falkland Islands. Along with Grand Jason, it is one of the "Islas los Salvejes" in Spanish (the Jasons being divided into two groups in that language).
Population and geography.
None of the Jason Islands has ever been properly inhabited. Steeple Jason was used for sheep grazing up until the 1980s. There are the remains of a shearing shed on the island. There is also Steinhardt Station, a field research station on the island, built in 2003 for monitoring wildlife.
The island is surrounded by low-lying land around the shore which quickly rises to a steep peak, hence the island's name.
The island was formerly owned by New York philanthropist Michael Steinhardt, who later donated it to the Bronx Zoo-based Wildlife Conservation Society.
Wildlife.
Steeple Jason is home to the largest colony of black-browed albatrosses in the world. Over 70% of the global population of black-browed albatross breed in the Falkland Islands.
Other birdlife includes southern rockhopper penguins, Magellanic penguins, gentoo penguins, slender-billed prions, striated caracaras and tussac-birds. The Magellanic penguin is near the southern part of its range here, but the more cold-tolerant gentoo also occurs substantially south into Antarctica. The sole mammalian life is marine, e.g. sea lions and fur seals.
Large beds of kelp surround the island, and the land is covered in grasses common to the other Falkland Islands, such as tussac grass.
Birds and other wildlife on Steeple Jason Island are in many cases under threat, chiefly due to overfishing in the South Atlantic Ocean over the last century.

</doc>
<doc id="6921302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921302" title="Francois Benoit Hoffman">
Francois Benoit Hoffman



</doc>
<doc id="6921304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921304" title="Bob McCammon">
Bob McCammon

Robert McCammon (April 14, 1941 – December 23, 2021) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre and a National Hockey League (NHL) and American Hockey League (AHL) head coach and general manager. He was a pro scout with the Detroit Red Wings.
Hockey career.
McCammon never played in the National Hockey League (NHL), spending his entire career in the minor leagues, playing centre with the Port Huron Flags/Wings for nine year in the International Hockey League (IHL).
He began his coaching career in Port Huron during the 1973–74 IHL season. He later became head coach of the Maine Mariners of the American Hockey League and won the Calder Cup in 1977-78 and 1978–79, the first two years of the team's existence. McCammon had two stints as head coach of the Philadelphia Flyers, also serving as the team's general manager during the latter. He was also the head coach of the Vancouver Canucks and an assistant coach for the Edmonton Oilers on two occasions. In the two times he was fired as coach (Philadelphia and Vancouver), he was replaced by Pat Quinn. With Vancouver in 1988–89, he was runner-up to Pat Burns of the Montreal Canadiens for the Jack Adams Trophy as NHL Coach of the Year. He won the Stanley Cup with the Edmonton Oilers in 1987 as director of player development and in 2002 and 2008 as a scout with Detroit. McCammon's name was added to the Stanley Cup in 2002 with Detroit.
Personal life.
In 2007, McCammon - along with former Canucks goaltender Kirk McLean - was a co-owner of the Gastown restaurant So.cial in Vancouver. By 2010, McLean had taken over the restaurant and rebranded it as McLean's. McCammon died on December 23, 2021, at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="6921305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921305" title="Francois-Benoit Hoffman">
Francois-Benoit Hoffman



</doc>
<doc id="6921306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921306" title="BDO World Darts Championship">
BDO World Darts Championship

The BDO World Darts Championship was a professional darts tournament organised by the British Darts Organisation (BDO) and held annually from 1978 to 2020. 
The championship was first held at the Heart of the Midlands Nightclub in the English city of Nottingham. The following year it moved to the Jollees Cabaret Club, Stoke, where it stayed until 1985. From 1986 to 2019, it was held at the Lakeside Country Club in Frimley Green, Surrey. In 2020, the tournament was held at Indigo, part of the O2 entertainment district in London.
It was the only World Darts Championship until the 1993 split in darts, when 16 players, among them seven former champions, left the BDO and set up a rival darts circuit under the auspices of the World Darts Council (later the Professional Darts Corporation). The WDC/PDC staged its own annual World Championship from 1994 onwards.
From its inception, the tournament was sponsored by Embassy cigarettes, a branch of Imperial Tobacco, and was thus often colloquially known as the Embassy. After the ban on tobacco advertising in the UK, the event was sponsored by its venue, the Lakeside Country Club, from 2004 onwards. The final edition, in 2020, was unable to find a sponsor.
After the collapse of the British Darts Organisation in September 2020, the World Darts Federation announced plans to launch the WDF World Darts Championship, which took place for the first time in 2022.
History.
The World Darts Championship was the brainchild of Mike Watterson, a sports promoter who had created the UK Snooker Championship and moved the World Snooker Championship to the Crucible Theatre in 1977. Watterson came up with the idea whilst sitting in a barber's chair waiting for a haircut. John Lowe, a friend of Watterson, convinced him that such an event would be easy to stage and suggested contacting Olly Croft, head of the British Darts Organisation, to run it. 
The inaugural event was staged at the Heart of the Midlands club in Nottingham. Embassy cigarettes, which also sponsored the World Snooker Championship, put up the £10,500 prize fund and it would be broadcast on BBC2. Ten top players (Eric Bristow, John Lowe, Leighton Rees, Rab Smith, Alan Evans, Stefan Lord, Tim Brown, Bobby Semple, Nicky Virachkul and Barry Atkinson) were invited, with the remaining places going to qualifiers. The first tournament used the legs format for its matches, but from 1979 onwards Watterson introduced the sets and legs format, which has been used in darts ever since. It was won by Rees, who beat Lowe in the final.
In 1983, Keith Deller, a 23-year-old qualifier from Ipswich, beat the world's top three players back-to-back: John Lowe (world no. 3) in the quarter-final; reigning champion and World No. 2 Jocky Wilson in the semi-final, before an epic deciding set win against World no. 1 Eric Bristow in the final, to produce one of the greatest upsets in the sport's history.
In 1990 Singaporean (then-representing the USA) player Paul Lim hit the tournament's only 9-dart finish in the second round against Irishman Jack McKenna to win a bonus of £52,000 which was more than the eventual champion Phil Taylor received.
The finals of 1992, 1998 and 1999 all went into a deciding set play off, having reached 5 sets all and 2 legs all. In 1992, Phil Taylor defeated Mike Gregory in a sudden death leg, having reached 5 legs apiece. In 1998 Raymond van Barneveld beat Richie Burnett 4–2 in legs in the deciding set. Van Barneveld then repeated the same final set scoreline the following year against Ronnie Baxter.
In the final in 2007 Martin Adams was 6 sets up and, after the comfort break, Phill Nixon responded by winning the next 6 consecutive sets. Adams held on to take victory in the 13th and deciding set, to win the title that had eluded him for 14 years.
In 2019, Glen Durrant became the second player to win three consecutive BDO Men's World Championships after Eric Bristow between 1984 and 1986, while Mikuru Suzuki became the first Asian world darts champion in any form.
In 2020 the tournament was staged at the Indigo at The O2 in London. It was the first BDO World Darts Championship not held at the Lakeside Country Club since 1985. Wayne Warren became the oldest player ever to win a world title. It was also the last World Darts Championship organised by the BDO before the collapse of the company. The World Darts Federation announced plans to launch the WDF World Championship.
Averages.
Since the breakaway of the PDC players, there has been much debate about the relative merits of the players within each organisation. The debate often focuses on the three-dart averages of players in matches.
Since the BDO Championship started in 1978, there have been 21 occasions where a player has achieved a three-dart average in excess of 100 during a match. Keith Deller was the first player to achieve an average of 100, in the quarter-final of 1985 against John Lowe, although he lost the match. It was not until Phil Taylor's semi-final of 1990 that another player managed a 100 average. Raymond van Barneveld has achieved the feat six times.
Women's Championship.
The women's World Championship started at the Lakeside in 2001 and Trina Gulliver has won ten championships. Her seventh title in 2007 took her overall record at the Lakeside to 20 match wins and having only dropped four sets in the history of the championship – one each in the finals of 2001, 2002 and 2007 and one in the quarter final of 2003. She managed a long run of 13 consecutive matches without dropping a single set, which started the semi-final of 2003 and ended in the final of 2007.
In 2008, Anastasia Dobromyslova won the championship, becoming the first player other than Trina Gulliver to take the title. Following her appearance at the Grand Slam of Darts in November 2008, Anastasia Dobromyslova joined the Professional Darts Corporation, hence leaving the BDO and did not defend her title. 2009 saw five-time runner-up Francis Hoenselaar complete the Masters/World Championship double by beating Gulliver 2–1 in the final. 2012 was the first final without Gulliver, who lost in the semi-final to the eventual champion Dobromyslova.
The finals:
Records.
"Since the split in darts two versions of the world championship have existed since 1994, this record section relates specifically to achievements in the BDO version."
Television coverage.
BBC Sport.
The tournament was broadcast in the UK by BBC Sport on television for nearly 40 years, from its inception in 1978 until the decision to drop the coverage after the 2016 tournament. The BBC's coverage was led by David Vine (1978), Peter Purves (1979–1983), Tony Gubba (1984–1990), David Icke (1989–1990), Eamonn Holmes (1991–1992), Dougie Donnelly (1993–1998), John Inverdale (2000) and Ray Stubbs (1999 and 2001–2009). Twice world finalist Bobby George was a pundit on the BBC's coverage from 1998. Colin Murray succeeded Stubbs as presenter from 2010–2016. Murray was assisted by Rob Walker.
Tony Green was the longest-serving member of the BBC commentary team, covering the event from the first championship in 1978 until the end of the BBC's coverage in 2016. As the BBC shared coverage and commentators from 2012 until 2016, Green was also heard on ESPN and BT Sport in later years. He only missed the event once during his 38-year career due to illness in 2011 and he was replaced by BBC Radio 5 Live's Vassos Alexander. Alexander then stayed in the commentary box every year until 2016.
The rest of the commentary team changed over the years with David Vine (1978), Sid Waddell (1978–1994), Tony Green (1978-2016), 1994 BDO world champion John Part (1995–2007) and David Croft who covered the tournament for 10 years on BBC TV and radio until 2012. He was replaced by Jim Proudfoot of talkSPORT in 2013, who went on to cover the tournament in 2014, 2015, 2017 and 2018 with different broadcasters. John Rawling began commentating in 2014 with BBC/BT and was still part of the commentary team as coverage switched to Eurosport/Quest in 2019. 
The rest of the commentary team has included BDO players Bobby George, Martin Adams, Trina Gulliver, Tony O'Shea and Scott Mitchell.
For several years between 1989 and 2001, the Championship was often the only tournament shown on terrestrial television in the UK.
From 2005, viewers were able to see every dart live at the World Championship, when the BBC introduced interactive coverage on its BBC Red Button service. From 2012, they began to reduce their coverage as they surrendered their exclusive coverage for the first time in the UK. ESPN took over the live broadcasting of the evening sessions, although the BBC held on to exclusively live coverage of the final.
The BBC regained exclusive coverage for the 2014 tournament, but resumed a shared broadcasting agreement to cover the 2015 and 2016 events with BT who covered every evening session in the tournament. John Rawling, Vassos Alexander, Tony Green and George Riley provided the commentary for both broadcasters in 2015 and 2016 - Jim Proudfoot was an additional commentator in 2015.
The BBC contract expired after the 2016 final and they opted to drop the tournament, instead covering a new PDC tournament, the Champions League of Darts in September 2016. The free-to-air rights from 2017 were taken up by Channel 4.
ESPN.
After being broadcast exclusively on the BBC in the UK for 34 years, ESPN began sharing coverage of the tournament in 2012. Ray Stubbs was confirmed as their host. ESPN host Nat Coombs was also part of the presentation team. Both broadcasters used the same commentary team – Tony Green, David Croft and Vassos Alexander for 2012 and Jim Proudfoot replacing Croft for 2013. ESPN broadcast the evening sessions from the opening day until the quarter finals, as well as the second semi-final live. ESPN showed recorded highlights of the final. Following the launch of BT Sport, which acquired all of ESPN's sporting rights, coverage was dropped from ESPN and the entire 2014 championship was shown exclusively live by the BBC.
BT Sport.
BT Sport covered the event between 2015 and 2018, first of all sharing broadcasting arrangements with the BBC in 2015 and 2016, then with Channel 4 in 2017 and 2018. They had exclusive live coverage of all the evening sessions, plus the second semi-final across their four years broadcasting the event. BT broadcast the final live in all four years of the coverage, although it was shared live coverage with their broadcast partners (BBC 2015-2016 and Channel 4 2017-2018)
BT Sport welcomed back Ray Stubbs as main host in 2015 and 2016, who returned to Lakeside coverage having fronted the BBC's coverage in 1999 and from 2001–2009 and also for ESPN (2012-2013). Stubbs hosted alongside 2-time champion Ted Hankey who returned to the BDO in 2014 but just missed out on a qualifying spot for Lakeside 2015. Roving reporters were Helen Skelton in 2015 and Reshmin Chowdhury in 2016. Commentators were shared by broadcasters during BT's four year coverage. John Rawling and Vassos Alexander broadcast commentary throughout BT's four-year coverage, Jim Proudfoot covered the event in 2015, 2017 and 2018. George Riley and Tony Green covered the event in 2015 and 2016, with Green retiring after the 2016 event, after the BBC ended their coverage.
Ray Stubbs left BT Sport for Talksport 2 during 2016, and was replaced by Matt Smith for the 2017 and 2018 events, with Chris Mason acting as their analyst.
Channel 4.
Channel 4 signed a two-year deal to cover the 2017 and 2018 championships, sharing the event with BT Sport. Their coverage was presented by Rob Walker, alongside PDC professional Paul Nicholson and BDO Ladies' player Deta Hedman. Bobby George presented features. Commentary was provided again from Jim Proudfoot, John Rawling &amp; Vassos Alexander. 
Eurosport and Quest.
Prior to the 2019 championship, the BDO secured a new 3-year deal with Eurosport with coverage being shown on both the broadcasters main subscription channel and free-to-air on Quest. As with the previous years the afternoon sessions were shown free to air with Quest simulcasting Eurosport coverage with highlights of the evening sessions also being shown on Quest. Eurosport covered every session with both broadcasters showing the final live. The coverage was presented by Nat Coombs with Georgie Bingham also reporting on the event. Punditry and commentary for the tournament were provided by John Rawling, Chris Mason, Paul Nicholson, Martin Adams and Tony O'Shea. The Eurosport contract finished 1 year early due to the BDO going into liquidation in September 2020.
International coverage.
Dutch television station SBS6 broadcast the event since 1998, as Dutch players have become more prominent in the world game. SBS6's contract to cover the event ran until 2008.
Viewing figures.
UK viewing figures for World Championship final data provided by the Broadcasters' Audience Research Board UK.

</doc>
<doc id="6921315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921315" title="Australian Aircraft &amp; Engineering">
Australian Aircraft &amp; Engineering

Australian Aircraft &amp; Engineering Co. Ltd. was formed in 1919 by N.B. Love, W.J. Warneford and H.E. Broadsmith. The company was registered in Sydney on 1 October 1919 with capital of £50,000 with the intention of manufacturing aircraft in Australia.
Flying.
The company began flying operations at Sydney Airport on 9 January 1920 following the delivery of 20 Avro 504K aircraft on the ship SS "Commonwealth".
Engineering.
They fitted a Sunbeam Dyak engine to the first Qantas aircraft to replace the original Gnome rotary engine.
Agency.
The company secured the Australian agency for Avro aircraft, assembling a number of Avro 504K aircraft. The Broadsmith-designed Broadsmith B.1 (as AA &amp; E Commercial B1) was also built by the company. This aircraft was a 6-seat biplane.
Bankruptcy.
The company went bankrupt in 1922 whilst building six 504Ks for the Royal Australian Air Force, and went into liquidation in March 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="6921316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921316" title="Steeple Jason">
Steeple Jason



</doc>
<doc id="6921326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921326" title="Francois Bernard Mache">
Francois Bernard Mache



</doc>
<doc id="6921328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921328" title="Cathedral of St. Bartholomew (Pilsen)">
Cathedral of St. Bartholomew (Pilsen)



</doc>
<doc id="6921332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921332" title="Katedrála sv. Bartoloměje">
Katedrála sv. Bartoloměje



</doc>
<doc id="6921335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921335" title="Joker's Jinx">
Joker's Jinx



</doc>
<doc id="6921341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921341" title="Gilbert's Bar House of Refuge">
Gilbert's Bar House of Refuge



</doc>
<doc id="6921344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921344" title="Proto metal">
Proto metal



</doc>
<doc id="6921352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921352" title="John Monteith">
John Monteith

John Lennox Monteith DSc, FRS (3 September 1929 – 20 July 2012) was a British scientist who pioneered the application of physics to biology. He was an authority in the related fields of water management for agricultural production, soil physics, micrometeorology, transpiration, and the influence of the natural environment on field crops, horticultural crops, forestry, and animal production.
Research.
His pioneering work with Howard Penman on evapotranspiration is applied worldwide as the Penman-Monteith equation. It predicts evapotranspiration and is recommended by the Food and Agriculture Organization for calculating irrigation quantities. Monteith's research on the role of the environment in agriculture, the physics of crop microclimate, physiology of crop growth and yield, radiation climatology, heat balance in animals, and instrumentation for measuring physical and physiological variables in agriculture has been published in journals throughout the world.
He was President of the Royal Meteorological Society from 1978 to 1980. In his presidential address in 1980 he advised colleagues that unless they could understand how crop yields were determined by weather events, they would have little hope of predicting how crop yields would vary as a result of global warming and elevated levels.
When he retired in 1992 a conference on resource capture by crops was organised and a further conference was held in 2008. The American Society of Agronomy also organised a symposium in his honour in 1996. In an obituary by researchers at Nottingham it was noted it was "impossible to quantify" the impact of his research but that his influence was major judging by the large number of researchers that he supervised who held senior positions in organisations around the world.
Awards and honours.
His nomination for the Royal Society reads: 

</doc>
<doc id="6921356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921356" title="Lincoln Elementary School (Yuba City)">
Lincoln Elementary School (Yuba City)



</doc>
<doc id="6921358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921358" title="VideoGraphics Lab">
VideoGraphics Lab



</doc>
<doc id="6921360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921360" title="Freshers">
Freshers



</doc>
<doc id="6921364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921364" title="Margaret of Scotland">
Margaret of Scotland

Margaret of Scotland may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6921369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921369" title="Grand Island (Falkland Islands)">
Grand Island (Falkland Islands)



</doc>
<doc id="6921372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921372" title="Cornell Elementary School">
Cornell Elementary School



</doc>
<doc id="6921376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921376" title="Tomaszów County, Łódź Voivodeship">
Tomaszów County, Łódź Voivodeship

Tomaszów County () is a county in Łódź Voivodeship, central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is Tomaszów Mazowiecki, which lies south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 120,973, out of which the population of Tomaszów Mazowiecki is 66,705 and the rural population is 54,268.
Neighbouring counties.
Tomaszów County is bordered by Brzeziny County, Skierniewice County and Rawa County to the north, Grójec County and Przysucha County to the east, Opoczno County to the south-east, Piotrków County to the west, and Łódź East County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into 11 gminas (one urban and 10 rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6921378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921378" title="The Convention (The Office)">
The Convention (The Office)

"The Convention" is the second episode of the third season of the American comedy television series "The Office" and the show's thirtieth episode overall. The episode was written by Gene Stupnitsky and Lee Eisenberg, and directed by Ken Whittingham. It first aired on September 28, 2006 on NBC in the United States.
In the episode, Michael Scott (Steve Carell) and Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson) from the Scranton branch of Dunder Mifflin, as well as Josh Porter (Charles Esten) and Jim Halpert (John Krasinski) from the Stamford branch, leave for Philadelphia for the annual office supply convention. Michael, angry at both Jim for leaving the Scranton branch and Josh for being a better boss than him, tries to one-up Josh at every opportunity. Meanwhile, Kelly Kapoor (Mindy Kaling) sets up Pam Beesly (Jenna Fischer) on a double date with her neighbor which goes nowhere. The episode introduces Toby Flenderson's (Paul Lieberstein) unrequited crush on Pam.
The first draft of the script included a scene suggesting that Angela Martin (Angela Kinsey) was pregnant with Dwight's child, but this was cut by showrunner Greg Daniels. Initially, there were plans for the cast members from the British version of "The Office" to appear in this episode, but due to scheduling conflicts, this fell through. The episode was seen by an estimated 7.8 million viewers according to Nielsen Media Research. It was received generally well by critics.
Plot.
Michael Scott and Dwight Schrute from the Scranton branch of Dunder Mifflin, Josh Porter and Jim Halpert from the Stamford branch, and Jan Levinson from the corporate headquarters all descend upon Philadelphia for the annual office supply convention. Michael is bitter that Jim left Scranton for Stamford and tries to one-up Josh at every opportunity. Josh also patronizes Michael by saying he would look for a job for him in sales if Stamford absorbs the Scranton branch, angering Michael even further. Michael also spreads the word that he is throwing a party in his hotel room that night. Later in the evening, Michael surprises everyone with the news that he has broken Staples' exclusive hold on Hammermill products. Meanwhile, Angela Martin follows Dwight to the convention and waits in his hotel room. Hoping to prank Dwight, Jim acquires a key to his hotel room. Upon opening the door, he hears and sees Angela without recognizing her; Jim thinks she is a prostitute Dwight ordered, and is frustrated that due to his transfer, there is no one he can gossip with about this.
Back in Scranton, Kelly Kapoor sets Pam Beesly up on a double date with her neighbor Alan, a cartoonist for the local newspaper. However, Kelly is quietly disappointed that Pam intends to wear just her normal work clothes to the date. On the double date, Kelly appears to be the only one having a good time, with Ryan Howard annoyed by Kelly force feeding him french fries and Pam awkwardly chatting with Alan. Pam and Alan fail to hit it off. At Michael's party, Jim attends as the only guest and explains that he did not leave Scranton because of Michael (whom Jim claims is a great boss), but rather because of Pam, who rejected Jim (twice); Michael suggests Jim talk to Roy about the situation, as he too was rejected by Pam. The two mend their friendship just as two other guests arrive.
Production.
"The Convention" was the fourth episode of the series written by the writing team of Gene Stupnitsky and Lee Eisenberg, and the third episode of the series directed by Ken Whittingham. This episode originally had a scene with Angela and Dwight in the office kitchen. Producer Greg Daniels stated: "They had a couple lines, there was a pause, and then Angela said, 'I'm late,' turned around, and left." This would imply that she may be pregnant. The scene was cut because Daniels ultimately concluded, "It was a big move, but we had it in a show that had a lot of other big moves." Dwight actor Rainn Wilson liked the cut scene, commenting, "It was so daring. I mean, you don't introduce a C plotline of an illicit office romance and then all of a sudden have one of the characters get knocked up!"
Greg Daniels, executive producer and showrunner of "The Office", had hoped to get Mackenzie Crook, Martin Freeman, and Lucy Davis from the original British "Office" series to appear in the episode as their respective characters (Gareth Keenan, Tim Canterbury, and Dawn Tinsley), but he was unsuccessful due to scheduling conflicts.
The third season DVD contains a number of deleted scenes from the episode, including Michael unsuccessfully inviting Ryan to attend the convention, Michael reminiscing on being abandoned by Todd Packer at a club and being attacked by bouncers, Michael telling Dwight he almost worked at a local factory, Dwight asking Josh if he has ever been convicted of a felony, Dwight asking Josh about his experiences in the coast guard and in Israel, and Dwight leaving Michael to go see Angela.
Reception.
"The Convention" received a 3.8/10 in the Nielsen ratings among persons aged 18–49, meaning that 3.8 percent of all people aged 18–49 watched the episode, and ten percent of all people in the age group watching TV at the time watched the episode. It received an estimated audience of 7.8 million viewers overall, and ranked #1 in its time period among men 18–34.
The episode was received generally well by critics. Abby West, of "Entertainment Weekly", praised the interactions between characters as some of the highlights of the episode, stating "Jim is the show's salt — he makes everyone else seem just a little better. He's the perfect straight man to showcase Michael's insanity". Brian Zoromski of IGN stated that:
Any episode that places Michael and Dwight outside of their normal office environment is set up for some very funny (and usually awkward) situations and "The Convention" is no exception. Some of the episode's best uncomfortable moments centered on Michael believing he's the life of the party and that he's Jim's friend. Michael and Dwight pretending to laugh along to an inside joke made by Jim's new boss, Josh, is a prime example. Michael's comment, "I love inside jokes. Love to be part of one someday," creates the kind of uncomfortable silence that "The Office" excels at.
Erik Adams of "The A.V. Club" awarded the episode a "B", writing that along with "Gay Witch Hunt", this episode is evident that Jim's transfer to Stamford "disrupts 'some of the show's best character pairings. He argues that, while this episode exists little more than a way for Michael and Jim to repair their friendship, the interaction between Carell and Krasinski at the episode's conclusion is worthy of applause. Adams also suggests that the episode's main theme is one of isolation, pointing out that both Dwight and Michael feel alone and cut-off from others even in the midst of a massive convention, and that Pam feels "marooned" back in Scranton. These feelings feed into the main themes of season three, which, according to Adams, are "distance, separation, and reunion".

</doc>
<doc id="6921380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921380" title="Powiat of Tomaszów Mazowiecki">
Powiat of Tomaszów Mazowiecki



</doc>
<doc id="6921381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921381" title="Tomaszow Mazowiecki County">
Tomaszow Mazowiecki County



</doc>
<doc id="6921388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921388" title="Divine Operating System">
Divine Operating System

Divine Operating System is the second studio album released by Supreme Beings of Leisure, an electronic/trip hop band, in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="6921390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921390" title="Vedapureeswarar Temple, Cheyyar">
Vedapureeswarar Temple, Cheyyar

Vedapureeswarar temple is a sacred place on the northern banks of the Cheyyar River in the Tiruvannamalai District near Kanchipuram in the state of Tamil Nadu in South India. This sacred place is now known as Cheyyar but was previously called Thiruvothur. This is one of the important towns in Thiruvanamalai district. It includes a sub-collector office, taluk office, two courts and a special prison.
History.
It is one of the shrines of the 275 Paadal Petra Sthalams. The temple is devoted to Lord Vedapuresswarar who came here and imparted his spiritual knowledge regarding the Vedas. According to legend, it is in this sacred place that Saint Thirugnanasambanthar used his holy miraculous powers and transformed a male palm tree into a female palm tree. Arunagirinathar, a devotee of Lord Muruga worshipped the Lord in this temple. According to popular legend, when the Saivite saint Sambandhar visited Therazhundur, he could not distinguish the temple from the neighbouring Sri Devaadi Raja Perumal Temple dedicated to Vishnu. At that instant, Ganesha is believed to have manifested before Sampandhar and pointed out the Shiva temple to him.
Unique Features.
This temple has a few unique distinctions. The Nandi, which usually faces the Shiva Lingam, is facing the opposite direction. One can also worship all the Pancha Bootha (lingams) in this temple.
Festivals.
The devotees of the temple and the natives of the town celebrate a festival every year with street processions which spans 10 days, called Brahmmotsavam. The 6th, 7th and 10th days of the festival are celebrated in a grand manner.
7th day function is celebrated in grand manner called Thiruther vaibhavam. It is the main day of festival. The 10th day function is celebrated at night.

</doc>
<doc id="6921392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921392" title="Parsec Awards">
Parsec Awards

The Parsec Awards were a set of annual awards created to recognize excellence in science fiction podcasts and podcast novels. The awards were created by Mur Lafferty, Tracy Hickman and Michael R. Mennenga and awarded by FarPoint Media. They were first presented in 2006 at DragonCon. In 2009 the awards were described as "one of the most recognizable honors in science and fiction podcasting". The awards were given from 2006 to 2018.
Nominations were accepted from the listening public annually in each of the categories. The list was vetted for eligibility by the steering committee before producers were invited to submit samples of work for consideration by a panel of judges. The panel reduced the list of nominees to five finalists in each category. The finalists' work was submitted for judging and the winner was selected by that panel of authors, podcasters, and others knowledgeable in the field of speculative fiction, podcasting, and/or publishing. Past finalist judges have included Catherine Asaro, Charles de Lint, Cory Doctorow, and Evo Terra.
The awards were last presented in 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="6921394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921394" title="Joshua jones">
Joshua jones



</doc>
<doc id="6921398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921398" title="World Federation for Chess Composition">
World Federation for Chess Composition

The World Federation for Chess Composition (WFCC) is the highest body governing the official activities in the chess composition. It was known as the Permanent Commission of the FIDE for Chess Compositions (PCCC) from its inception in 1956 until October 2010. It is now independent from FIDE, but both organisations are cooperating. Currently 41 countries are represented in the WFCC.
The principal goal and activities of the WFCC include:
The WFCC is led by its president, currently Marjan Kovačević, previously by Harry Fougiaxis, Uri Avner, John Rice, Bedrich Formánek, Klaus Wenda, Jan Hannelius, Gerhard Jensch, Comins Mansfield, Nenad Petrović and Gyula Neukomm.
The WFCC delegates are nominated by national problem societies and chess problem specialists.
The original PCCC was created in 1956, with the first meeting at Budapest in 1956.
Subsequently, the commission has met every year except 1963, 1970 and 2020.
The 50th anniversary meeting was at Rhodes in 2007.
Meetings.
Locations and number of delegates for meetings of the PCCC / World Congresses of Chess Composition (WCCC):

</doc>
<doc id="6921405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921405" title="Enlightenment Generation">
Enlightenment Generation



</doc>
<doc id="6921408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921408" title="Permanent Commission for Chess Composition of FIDE">
Permanent Commission for Chess Composition of FIDE



</doc>
<doc id="6921410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921410" title="Grand Jason Island">
Grand Jason Island

Grand Jason Island (sometimes known as "Grand Island") is a small island located at , east of the Steeple Jason Island. It is a part of the Jason Islands in the Falkland Islands, and along with Steeple Jason it is one of the "Islas los Salvajes" in Spanish (the Jasons being divided into two groups in that language).
Wildlife.
Grand Jason is a home to one of the largest colonies of black-browed albatrosses in the world.
Grand Jason and Steeple Jason Island, were bought by New York City philanthropist Michael Steinhardt in the 1990s, who later donated them to the Bronx Zoo based Wildlife Conservation Society.

</doc>
<doc id="6921411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921411" title="Xenos (video game)">
Xenos (video game)



</doc>
<doc id="6921412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921412" title="Bondevik's Second Cabinet">
Bondevik's Second Cabinet

Bondevik's Second Cabinet governed Norway between 19 October 2001 and 17 October 2005. It was led by Kjell Magne Bondevik and consisted of the Conservative Party, the Christian Democratic Party and the Liberal Party. It had the following composition:

</doc>
<doc id="6921417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921417" title="Grand Jason">
Grand Jason



</doc>
<doc id="6921418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921418" title="Kerry Huffman">
Kerry Huffman

Kerry Huffman (born January 3, 1968) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played for the Philadelphia Flyers, Quebec Nordiques and Ottawa Senators in the National Hockey League (NHL) and was a professional scout for the Pittsburgh Penguins until June 2023. Huffman is currently employed by the Calgary Flames as a professional scout.
Biography.
As a youth, Huffman played in the 1981 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with a minor ice hockey team from Peterborough, Ontario.
Huffman was drafted in the first-round, 20th overall by the Philadelphia Flyers in the 1986 NHL Entry Draft and spent six seasons with the team. 
On June 30, 1992, he was involved in the Eric Lindros trade, involving 1991's first overall pick Eric Lindros. The deal saw Huffman traded to the Quebec Nordiques, along with Peter Forsberg, Mike Ricci, Ron Hextall, Chris Simon, Steve Duchesne, a first-round pick in the 1993 and 1994 Drafts and $15,000,000 for Lindros, who refused to play for the Nordiques.
He later played for the Ottawa Senators before returning to Philadelphia in a trade in 1996. In total, Huffman played 401 regular season games, scoring 37 goals and 108 assists for 145 points and collecting 361 penalty minutes.
Since the 2016–17 season, Huffman had served as an assistant coach for the Lehigh Valley Phantoms of the American Hockey League under Scott Gordon. In the 2018–19 season, Huffman was promoted to interim head coach after Gordon departed for the interim head coaching position with the Philadelphia Flyers. Upon Gordon's return to the Phantoms at the end of the season, Huffman resumed his duties as an assistant coach., until Gordon stepped down as head coach on May 18, 2021.
Huffman headed across the state to work with the Pittsburgh Penguins and was relieved of his duties as the Director of Pro Scouting by Pittsburgh Penguins GM Kyle Dubas on June 2, 2023.
Ahead of the 2023 training camp, the Calgary Flames introduced Huffman as a new professional scout.

</doc>
<doc id="6921427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921427" title="Albany Unified School District">
Albany Unified School District

Albany Unified School District includes seven schools in Albany, California, United States.
History.
The school district was founded in February 1908 with students initially attending school in a converted barn on Brighton street. In December 1908, the district completed construction of its first building, Albany School, on Solano Avenue between Cornell and Talbot. Albany built its first high school in the 1930s. In 1944, the Federal Housing Authority built Codonices Elementary School for children of war workers living in Codonices Village. The current middle school opened in 1999 on the site of a former lumberyard. The current high school building opened in 2001.
Demographics.
Albany schools served 3501 students in the 2020-21 school year. In recent years enrollment fell—the 2015-16 enrollment was 3822. The 2010-11 enrollment was 3879.
In 2020-21 the student body was quite diverse with reported race/ethnicity of 1058 Asian, 1043 White, 591 Hispanic or Latino, 501 two or more races, 189 None Reported, 135 Black or African American.
In 2018-19, there were 202 teachers with reported race/ethnicity of 17 Asian, 142 White, 14 Hispanic or Latino, 5 two or more races, 13 None Reported, 8 Black or African American and 2 American Indian/Alaskan Native.
Governance.
The district is governed by a 7 member school board made up of 5 voting members and 2 student members.
The central office for 2022-23 contains 8 executive positions.
Budget.
The district budget in 2020-2021 was approximately $32,000,000.
In 2001, the district's financial reserve fell below state requirements and the county board of education appointed a fiscal advisor to monitor the district. District income is primarily based on average daily attendance, and in 2002, the district accepted out of district residents in order to increase the income to the district. By the end of 2003, the district received a positive budget certification. In 2006, the district put limitations on out of district transfers.
Northern Regional Special Education Local Plan Area(SELPA).
Albany Unified participates in the Northern Region SELPA which provides special education services to students in 5 member districts, Albany, Berkeley, Emeryville, Alameda and Piedmont.

</doc>
<doc id="6921428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921428" title="Nordhaus">
Nordhaus

Nordhaus is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6921431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921431" title="Bondevik's First Cabinet">
Bondevik's First Cabinet

Bondevik's First Cabinet governed Norway between 17 October 1997 to 17 March 2000. It was led by Prime Minister Kjell Magne Bondevik, and consisted of the Christian Democratic Party, the Centre Party and the Liberal Party. There was a major reshuffle in March 1999. It had the following composition:

</doc>
<doc id="6921433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921433" title="First cabinet of Bondevik">
First cabinet of Bondevik



</doc>
<doc id="6921434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921434" title="Paddocks">
Paddocks



</doc>
<doc id="6921436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921436" title="Second cabinet of Bondevik">
Second cabinet of Bondevik



</doc>
<doc id="6921439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921439" title="Banana creme pie">
Banana creme pie



</doc>
<doc id="6921443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921443" title="Tomaszów County">
Tomaszów County

Tomaszów County may refer to two counties (powiats) in Poland which share the original name "powiat tomaszowski" ("powiat of Tomaszów"):

</doc>
<doc id="6921446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921446" title="Cave of the thousand buddhas">
Cave of the thousand buddhas



</doc>
<doc id="6921449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921449" title="James G. Randall">
James G. Randall

James Garfield Randall (June 4, 1881 in Indianapolis, Indiana – February 20, 1953) was an American historian specializing in Abraham Lincoln and the era of the American Civil War. He taught at the University of Illinois, (1920–1950), where David Herbert Donald was one of his students and continued his work.
Born in Indiana and named after U.S. President James A. Garfield, Randall obtained a B.A. from Princeton University (1903) and a Ph.D. in history from the University of Chicago (1912). Randall was known for his systematic, scientific methodology based on thorough study of primary sources, his mastery of constitutional issues, and his neutrality regarding North and South. His four-volume biography of Abraham Lincoln remains a major resource for scholars. He was president of the Mississippi Valley Historical Association 1939–1940. His wife Ruth Painter Randall wrote "Mary Lincoln: Biography of a Marriage" (1953). His "The Civil War and Reconstruction" (1937) was for many years the most important history of the era.
Randall, a devout Methodist who was horrified by the carnage of World War I, believed that the Civil War was a terrible mistake, caused by the failure of the political system to find a compromise. It was a "needless war," an interpretation that won widespread assent before World War II. Along with Avery Craven, Randall, watching the rise of fascism in Europe, concluded that the American Civil War did not emerge from the conflicting material interests of economic classes, as Charles A. Beard has said. Instead, Randall believed it was brought about by fanatics, like the abolitionists in the North and the Fire-Eaters in the South. These fanatics, with very little material at stake, raced each other into war.
Randall argued in "Civil War and Reconstruction" that the war "could have been avoided, supposing of course that something more of statesmanship, moderation, and understanding, and something less of professional patrioteering, slogan-making, face-saving, political clamoring, and propaganda, had existed on both sides." But such had not been the case. In Randall's view, extremists in both sections emerged as villains, the abolitionist radicals worst of all. "Reforming zeal, in those individual leaders in whom it became most vociferous and vocal, was often unrelieved by wisdom, toleration, tact, and the sense of human values... It was a major cause of the conflict itself." That is, minority elements inflamed sectional passions to a point where compromise, which might have been brought about by sensible and responsible men, became impossible.

</doc>
<doc id="6921452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921452" title="Tomaszow County">
Tomaszow County



</doc>
<doc id="6921457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921457" title="Dot Game">
Dot Game



</doc>
<doc id="6921461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921461" title="Powiat of Tomaszów">
Powiat of Tomaszów



</doc>
<doc id="6921463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921463" title="Albert Cooper">
Albert Cooper

Albert Cooper may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6921472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921472" title="François d' Agincourt">
François d' Agincourt



</doc>
<doc id="6921475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921475" title="ANS (song)">
ANS (song)



</doc>
<doc id="6921477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921477" title="François Dagincourt">
François Dagincourt



</doc>
<doc id="6921481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921481" title="François d'Agincour">
François d'Agincour



</doc>
<doc id="6921484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921484" title="Sculpture by the Sea">
Sculpture by the Sea

The Sculpture by the Sea exhibition in Sydney and Perth is Australia's largest annual outdoor sculpture exhibition. This exhibition was initiated in 1997, at Bondi Beach and it featured sculptures by both Australian and overseas artists. In 2005, a companion event was established at Cottesloe Beach in Western Australia featuring over 70 artists. In 2009 it was announced that Aarhus in Denmark would host the first Sculpture by the Sea exhibition outside of Australia.
This exhibition is held annually during spring in Australia at Bondi Beach from late October to early November for three weeks, and Cottesloe Beach from early to mid March for three weeks. Over 100 local, interstate and international artists participate every year. Sculpture by the Sea is incredibly popular and draws considerable crowds. In 2014 Waverley Council estimated that between 450,000 and 500,000 people would visit the sculptures during their exhibition in Sydney.
Sydney.
History.
In 1995, David Handley, founder of Sculpture by the Sea, was living in Prague. He visited an outdoor sculpture park in Klatovy, northern Bohemia. He was inspired to do something similar in Australia. On his return to Sydney in 1996, his friends suggested the Bondi to Tamarama coastal walk as a suitable location. At first, he planned on having paintings as well as sculptures, naming this exhibition "Art by the Sea" but dropped the idea as the weather can be unpredictable on the coast.
The first exhibition was put together in a span of 10 weeks and on a low budget. It was held over one day in 1997 at Bondi and garnered a lot of interest from the media and 20,000 spectators. They received a total of 189 entries from 138 artists and featured 64 of them. The judges included David Cook (Christie's), John MacDonald ("Sydney Morning Herald"), Terence Measham (Powerhouse Museum), Gene Sherman (Sherman Galleries) and sculptor Ron Robertson-Swann.
The exhibition has only suffered from the weather on the coast. In 1998, rough conditions on the coastline lead to six sculptures being damaged. Ann Thompson's sculpture worth $40,000 was damaged by huge waves. In 1999, Duncan Stemler's "Give a little whistle" was wrecked due to rough weather conditions. The exhibition also suffered from some vandalism. Carol Murphy's $2000 still life "The Watcher" was stolen only for one part of it to be returned. In 1999, part of Tom Bass's "Gender Pieces" was pushed into the sea by vandals.
The works are spread across the cliff from Bronte Beach to Bondi Beach via Tamarama Beach. Every year the coastal walk is transformed into a seaside art gallery. Over 100 sculptures are exhibited in the background of sea and the coastal landscape along the two-kilometre coastal walk. Sculpture by the Sea began in 1996 with an exhibition held over one day at Bondi and the annual event is now the world's largest free outdoor sculpture exhibition.
Awards.
For the first eight years, the main prize was provided by Sydney Water, and most of the award-winning works were gifted to Campbelltown Arts Centre. In 2006 and 2007, National Australia Bank sponsored the main prize and the works made their way to Orange Regional Gallery. From 2009 to 2012, the Balnaves Foundation sponsored the main prize to the winning sculptor in the exhibition, and the works gifted to the Royal Botanic Garden. From 2013 to 2015, it was Macquarie Group and the works gifted to the Sydney Harbour Federation Trust for placement at Georges Heights.
Other scholarships and prizes have been awarded in this exhibition, including the Helen Lempriere Scholarship, the Clitheroe Foundation Emerging Sculptor Mentorship Program, and Allens People's Choice Award. There is also an encouragement award for younger artists.
Perth.
In 2005, the first Sculpture by the Sea event was held at Cottesloe Beach, Western Australia, overlooking the Indian Ocean. The exhibition showcased sculptures by Western Australia's leading and emerging sculptors, alongside works by invited interstate and international sculptors. This free annual public exhibition attracts over 200,000 visitors of all ages.
In December 2024, organisers announced the cancellation of the 2025 exhibition, due to lack of funds.
Denmark.
In June 2009 Crown Princess Mary and Crown Prince Frederik of Denmark initiated a biannual Sculpture by the Sea event in the city of Aarhus (Denmark), inspired by the exhibitions in Australia, Mary's country of birth. It is the only SBTS event outside Australia. 'Sculpture by the Sea, Aarhus - Denmark' is financially and legally independent of 'Sculpture by the Sea Incorporated' and is being produced by the city of Aarhus in collaboration with ARoS Aarhus Artmuseum. The first two exhibitions attracted approximately half a million visitors. Sculpture by the Sea, Aarhus terminated with the last event in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="6921487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921487" title="I am Sam">
I am Sam



</doc>
<doc id="6921491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921491" title="Kellomäki">
Kellomäki



</doc>
<doc id="6921492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921492" title="Brush hog">
Brush hog

A bush hog or "brush hog" is a type of rotary mower. Typically these mowers are designed to be towed behind a farm tractor using the three-point hitch and are driven via the power take-off (PTO). It has blades that are not rigidly attached to the drive like a lawnmower blade, but are on hinges so if the blade hits a rock or stump, it bounces backward and inward, and then centrifugal force makes it go outwards again.
The rotary blades are not sharpened in the same way as a conventional mower blade. They are usually quite dull so they whack through dense plant growth, whereas a sharp blade often gets stuck or slowed. The blades are very heavy, up to an inch thick, so the centrifugal force pulling out is stronger than the forces of the vegetation bouncing in. They are made of heat treated high carbon steel that can withstand strikes with hard objects such as rocks and stones.
Types of brush hog.
Two archetypes of this type of mower are the Bush Hog which is made by Bush Hog, Inc. of Selma, Alabama, and the Flex-Wing by RhinoAg of Gibson City, Illinois. The formal name for this type of implement is a rotary cutter or rotary mower, although it differs from mowers in that it does not cut with a sharp blade, but rather severs with an intentionally very dull wedge-like blade.
Several other manufacturers make these types of mowers including: 
There are two types of attachment for a rotary mower, either using the three-point hitch or via a draw bar. The height of the cut on models attached on the three-point hitch is adjusted using the hitch control lever. This adjusts the height of the front of mower. For more radical height adjustment the rear wheel can also be adjusted. Typically the mowers in this category range from mowing widths.
A rotary mower that applies chemical while cutting was patented by Tom Burch of Boone, N.C., and was later sold to Diamond Mowers Inc. of Sioux Falls, S.D., under the name Wet Blade.
On draw bar models the height of the cut is determined using hydraulic rams on the mower itself; this requires remote hydraulics on the tractor. These mowers in this category range from mowing width. Draw bar mowers which are able to mow larger widths up to are available. These are multi-spindle and hinged so that the side wings can move over varied terrain. Also these wings can be folded up into a vertical position to reduce width for transport on roadways.
Safety.
The blades on a rotary cutter can have top speeds of over . Therefore the kinetic energy enables the blades to cut through saplings and small trees up to several inches/centimetres in diameter. Consequently, these mowers can be very dangerous and contact with the blades would cause severe bodily injury or death.
These cutters also pose a thrown object hazard. Objects such as rocks, stones and roadside debris can be thrown in excess of .
Sizing.
Larger rotary cutters require more powerful tractors to effectively operate. Tractor dealers can recommend the right size brush hog for any of their tractors, or tractor and brush hog sizing charts are available on the Internet. Calculators used to estimate the time required to mow different size areas with different size cutters are also available and can be used to help decide which brush hog is the best investment for different situations.

</doc>
<doc id="6921493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921493" title="Adjectivals and demonyms for New Zealand regions">
Adjectivals and demonyms for New Zealand regions



</doc>
<doc id="6921497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921497" title="Mississippi Valley Historical Association">
Mississippi Valley Historical Association



</doc>
<doc id="6921500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921500" title="François Dagincour">
François Dagincour



</doc>
<doc id="6921505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921505" title="Francois d'Agincour">
Francois d'Agincour



</doc>
<doc id="6921511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921511" title="Francois Dagincourt">
Francois Dagincourt



</doc>
<doc id="6921512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921512" title="Porn chic">
Porn chic



</doc>
<doc id="6921515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921515" title="Francois Dagincour">
Francois Dagincour



</doc>
<doc id="6921519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921519" title="Transportation in Louisville, Kentucky">
Transportation in Louisville, Kentucky

As with most American cities, transportation in Louisville, Kentucky, is based primarily on automobiles. However, the city traces its foundation to the era where the river was the primary means of transportation, and railroads have been an important part of local industry for over a century. In more recent times Louisville has become a national hub for air cargo, creating over 20,000 local jobs. The city has also launched several initiatives to promote both utilitarian and recreational bicycling. In 2016 Walk Score ranked Louisville 43rd "most walkable" of 141 U.S. cities with a population greater than 200,000. In 2015, 11.7 percent of Louisville households were without a car, which decreased to 10.9 percent in 2016. The national average was 8.7 percent in 2016. Louisville averaged 1.61 cars per household in 2016, compared to a national average of 1.8 per household.
Roads.
The city's road system is arranged in a fairly typical system common to many cities in the United States. Streets in the downtown business district are arranged as a grid, with several alternating one-way streets. Many major roads begin at or near the downtown area and travel outwards from the city like the spokes of a wheel. There are also several roads, such as Bardstown Road and Shelbyville Road, which lead outwards from Louisville to the outlying Kentucky towns of Bardstown and Shelbyville, respectively. (See External links for links to several online maps.)
Interstates I-64, I-65 pass through and I-71 begins in Louisville. Since all three of these highways intersect at virtually the same location in the city just east of Downtown, this spot has become known as "Spaghetti Junction", as the large mass of highways and exits resembles a bowl of spaghetti when viewed from the air. Louisville Waterfront Park is built under and near this interchange.
I-264 ("Henry Watterson Expressway" east of US 31W and "Shawnee Expressway" west of US 31W) and I-265 ("Gene Snyder Freeway") form loops around the city on the Kentucky side. Louisville is the only city in the nation to contain two consecutively numbered, three-digit Interstate highways.
The Ohio River Bridges Project, a plan under consideration for decades to construct two new interstate bridges over the Ohio River to connect Louisville to Indiana, including a reconfiguration of Spaghetti Junction, began construction in 2012. The first bridge to open, initially dubbed the "Downtown Crossing" and later named the Abraham Lincoln Bridge, is located beside the existing Kennedy Bridge for relief of I-65 traffic. The second, initially dubbed the "East End Crossing" and later named the Lewis and Clark Bridge, connects I-265 between the portions located in southeast Clark County, Indiana and northeast Jefferson County, Kentucky (Louisville Metro).
Airports.
Louisville's main airport is the centrally located Louisville Muhammad Ali International Airport, whose IATA Airport Code (SDF) reflects its former name of Standiford Field, although locally, this name is still widely used. The airport is also home to the UPS Worldport. The first runway was constructed in 1941 and used for World War II aircraft, and the airport opened for business on November 15, 1947.
In 2019, SDF had its busiest year on record, with over 4.2 million passengers passing though the airport. As of 2021 it ranks as the 71st busiest airport in terms of passenger travel in the United States; however it is the third busiest airport in the United States in terms of cargo traffic, and sixth busiest for such in the world as of 2021. Over 17.5 billion pounds or 7.9 million metric tonnes of landed cargo weight passed through the airport in 2021.
The airport, having recently completed major terminal renovations, has three operational runways. The two parallel main runways run north–south and allow for simultaneous takeoffs and landings. The east–west runway is shorter and generally only used in adverse weather conditions.
The much smaller Bowman Field is used mainly for general aviation. Bowman Field, which opened in 1921, was the city's first airport. Some business aviation, as well as flight instruction and other private flying primarily operate out of this field.
Waterways.
The McAlpine Locks and Dam is located on the Kentucky side of the Ohio River, near the downtown area. The locks were constructed to allow shipping past the Falls of the Ohio. In 2001 over 55 million tons of commodities passed through the locks. A new lock was constructed to replace two of the auxiliary locks, with a projected completion date of 2008, but was completed in early 2009.
Ferry Service connected Louisville to Southern Indiana for decades, but was made obsolete when the Clark Memorial Bridge was opened.
Public transit.
Public transportation includes buses and chartered vans run by the Transit Authority of River City (TARC). TARC has an extensive network serving downtown Louisville and Jefferson County, as well as the Indiana suburbs of Jeffersonville, Clarksville and New Albany. In addition to regular city buses, transit throughout the downtown hotel and shopping districts is served by a series of motorized trolleys known as the "Toonerville II Trolley".
Louisville has an intercity bus service as well, provided by Megabus and Greyhound. Departures are from the Louisville Civic Center.
Louisville has several multi-use trails for bikes and pedestrians. However, many are not connected to each other and cannot be used to traverse the city. In the central city, there are several on-road bike paths that help cyclists get around the city.
Like most cities, Louisville was served by electric streetcars into the 20th century. The last streetcars ran on May 1, 1948, carrying passengers to and from the Kentucky Derby.
A light rail system has been studied and proposed for the city, but no plan was in development .
Rail.
Louisville has historically been a major center for railway traffic. The Louisville and Nashville Railroad was once headquartered here, before it was purchased by CSX Transportation. Central Station, Southern Station and Union Station hosted numerous train companies with passenger service passing through the city. Today the city is served by two major freight railroads, CSX (with a major classification yard in the southern part of the metro area) and Norfolk Southern. Five major main lines connect Louisville to the rest of the region. Two regional railroads, the Paducah &amp; Louisville Railway and the Louisville and Indiana Railroad, also serve the city. With the discontinuance of the short-lived "Kentucky Cardinal" in 2003, Amtrak passenger trains no longer serve Louisville; it is thus the fifth largest city in the country (behind Phoenix, Columbus, Las Vegas, and Nashville) with no Amtrak service.
Bikeways.
In March 2007, Mayor Jerry Abramson delivered a keynote address at the League of American Bicyclists' National Bike Summit in Washington D.C. where he described the history and future of bicycling in Louisville.
The city is developing on-street bike lanes and shared-lanes, as well as a one-hundred mile "Metro Loop" trail to encircle the entire county. By the end of 2007, nearly 1/3 of this loop was scheduled to be complete, with another 1/3 to 1/2 coming in the next three to five years as part of the Floyd's Fork corridor project. The project was overseen by the City of Parks initiative, and $38 million in U.S. Federal Government funding was secured for the Floyd's Fork portion of this project alone, with another $20 million in private funding.
In 2006, Louisville was named a "Bronze-Level Bicycle Friendly Community" by the League of American Bicyclists in recognition of development of bicycling infrastructure and promoting bicycling education and awareness.
A $65 million redesign of Westport Road provided bike lanes only a third of the way, and did not connect residential areas like St. Matthews with suburban retail areas. Mayor Abramson said that the city's bike path offerings were an "urban planning mistake".

</doc>
<doc id="6921522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921522" title="Jagland's Cabinet">
Jagland's Cabinet

Jagland's Cabinet governed Norway between 25 October 1996 and 17 October 1997. It had the following composition:

</doc>
<doc id="6921525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921525" title="Dragsholm Castle">
Dragsholm Castle

Dragsholm Castle () is a historic building in Zealand, Denmark.
For about 800 years there has been a building on the islet by the “drag”. From the original palace over the medieval castle to the current baroque style, Dragsholm Castle has had an influence on and been influenced by changing times and the surrounding community.
Today, Dragsholm Castle has restaurant and hotel facilities.
The name Dragsholm.
Prior to the reclamation of the Lammefjord, Odsherred was connected to the rest of Zealand by a narrow strip of land, known as a ”draugh” or ”drag”, located east of Dragsholm where the mill, Dragsmølle, lies today. The Vikings could drag their ships across the strip of land and then sail through to Roskilde, avoiding the dangerous waters north of Zealand. The islet on which Dragsholm Castle was built is surrounded by lakes and meadows just south of the terminal moraine, which ends at Vejrhøj (123 m) to the north.
Consequently, Dragsholm means the islet by the ”drag”.
History.
Early history.
Dragsholm Slot is one of the oldest secular buildings in Denmark. The original Dragsholm Castle was built around 1215 by the Bishop of Roskilde. During the Middle Ages, the building was modified from the original palace to a fortified castle. During the Count's Feud (1534–36) (Grevens Fejde) it was so strong that it was the only castle on Zealand to withstand the armies of Count Christoffer.
Crownland and prison, 1536–1664.
In connection with the Reformation, Dragsholm was confiscated by the Crown along with all other property of the Catholic church. As Crownland during the period from 1536 to 1664, Dragsholm Castle was used as a prison for noble and ecclesiastical prisoners. In the large tower at the northeast corner of the medieval castle, prison cells were made and equipped with toilets and windows depending on the prisoner's crimes, behaviour and the seriousness of his insults towards the King.
Some of the best known prisoners at Dragsholm Castle include: the last Catholic Bishop in Roskilde and former owner of the castle, Joachim Rønnow; The 4th Earl of Bothwell (briefly known, during most of 1567, as the 1st Duke of Orkney), third husband of Mary, Queen of Scots; and the seemingly raving mad squire, Ejler Brockenhuus.
Baroque castle.
During the wars against Charles X Gustav of Sweden, an attempt was made to blow up Dragsholm Castle, and the place was a ruin until the King, as part payment of his outstanding debts, gave the castle to royal treasurer Heinrich Müller, and he started the restoration.
In 1694, Dragsholm Castle was sold to the nobleman Frederik Christian Adeler (1668-1726) and finally rebuilt as the baroque castle we see today. Several owners from that family have made a lasting imprint on the development, including G. F. O. Zytphen Adeler, who took the initiative to drain the Lammefjord. The Adeler Family lost its wealth in 1932 as the Danmarks bank collapsed and Dragsholm Castle passed over to the Central Land Board which sold the place to J.F. Bøttger, but only with the land belonging to the main estate.
Architecture.
Today, the baroque style of the castle remains intact, but the interior of the Castle has been subject to restorations and modernisations over the years. The most recent major restoration took place after the first world war, where the Baron aimed for a Late Romantic Style, which still prevails in the salons and ballrooms.
Hauntings.
Witnesses and psychics have claimed that there are three ghosts who are residents at the castle: a grey lady, a white lady and Lord Bothwell. The Earl is said to ride through the courtyard with a full horse and carriage.
Dragsholm Castle today.
In recent years, the Bøttger family has managed the running of the castle after a number of minor restorations, which in addition to general conservation of the building has had the purpose of raising the level of quality of the castle as a hotel, restaurant and attraction. The hotel rooms at the castle have been refurbished and modernised, and more rooms have been added in the porter's lodge on the other side of the moat.

</doc>
<doc id="6921529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921529" title="Luxeuil - Saint-Sauveur Air Base">
Luxeuil - Saint-Sauveur Air Base

Luxeuil - Saint-Sauveur ( or BA 116) is a medium size French Air and Space Force (Armée de l'air et de l'espace) base located near Luxeuil-les-Bains in the Franche-Comté region of France. It has two runways: 113/293 with a length of 2433m, and 038/218 with a length of 2315m.
Overview.
The base is used exclusively by the Armée de l'air et de l'espace:
The two units are supported by:
History.
The airfield was created for the French Aeronautique Militaire in early 1916, on military grounds. On 18 April, the "Escadrille américaine" n° 124 was formed under captain Georges Thenault's command, later to become Escadrille "La Fayette".
The Air Service, United States Army first set up a V Corps Infantry Liaison School in mid-1918, for which 99th Aero Squadron flew training missions from 1 July until 7 September 1918, before it joined V Corps Observation Group on Souilly Aerodrome; during its Luxeuil's time, the squadron dispatched its 3rd Flight to French 33rd Corps Aviation, flying from Corcieux airfield 19–24 July, and from Dogneville airfield 27 July - 28 August.
V Corps Observation Group was formed on 1 September 1918 in Luxeuil, but formally organized at Souilly Aerodrome on 7 September. 104th Aero Squadron had been flying from Luxeuil for the American V Corps since 8 August when it joined the newly formed group and followed its HQ to Souilly Aerodrome.
From 19 September 1918, 258th Aero Squadron (VII Corps Observation Group) flew missions from Luxeuil Aerodrome; one Flight moved to Bourguignon airfield, near Sochaux, before the whole squadron moved in on 7 November.
All those units flew tactical reconnaissance missions for the benefit of Army Corps, flying over the battlefield, reporting enemy troop movements as well as taking aerial photography and written observation of the area; artillery adjustments would also be made from the air.
The airfield was also used by the French Aeronautique Militaire as a depot, until late 1919. From then on, it saw almost continuous activity until today, still being one of the main French Air Force airbases.
Luxeuil was a previous nuclear-capable base, before that mission was removed in 2011. 40 Rafale F5 jets with ASN4G nuclear missiles will be stationed at this air base.

</doc>
<doc id="6921531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921531" title="Moraleda Channel">
Moraleda Channel

Moraleda Channel () is a body of water separating the Chonos Archipelago from the mainland of Chile. It is located at , leading to Gulf of Corcovado. Southward from the mouth of the Aisén Fjord, Moraleda Channel divides into two arms. The east arm, called "Canal Costa" (Costa Channel), is the main one. Farther south the name changes to "Estero Elefantes" (Elefantes Estuary), which terminates in the gulf of the same name. The channel runs along the Liquiñe-Ofqui Fault.
The channel is named after José de Moraleda y Montero, a Spanish navy officer who explored the area in the 1780s.
The deepest part of the channel are situated in west of Magdalena Island.
In 1985 the discovery of "merluza" fishing grounds in Moraleda Channel sparkled a fishing boom ("boom merluzero") that led to the spontaneous growth of two new settlements; Puerto Gaviota and Puerto Gala.

</doc>
<doc id="6921532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921532" title="Beast Moans">
Beast Moans

Beast Moans is the debut album by Canadian indie rock supergroup Swan Lake, released in November 2006 on the label Jagjaguwar. It was recorded at Dead Wood Studios in Shawnigan Lake, British Columbia as well as at a house in Victoria, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="6921535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921535" title="Ben Sanders">
Ben Sanders

Alexander Bennett "Ben" Sanders (February 16, 1865 – August 29, 1930) was an American Major League Baseball player who pitched a total of five seasons for three teams.
Career.
Born in Catharpin, Virginia, Sanders debuted on June 6, with the Philadelphia Quakers of the National League. As a pitcher, he displayed good control, but he used an unorthodox delivery which ended with him off-balance, and with his back turned toward home plate. This made it difficult for him to react quickly on batted balls in his area of responsibility, particularly bunts. On September 18 of that rookie season, Sanders lost a perfect game when his pitching opponent, Gus Krock, singled with one out in the 9th inning for the Chicago Colts. Sanders still achieved a 6–0 shutout victory.
He pitched two seasons for the Quakers, winning 38 games against 28 losses, including a rookie season in which he won 19 games, had a 1.90 earned run average, and led the league in shutouts with eight, and base on balls per 9 innings.
For the season, Ben jumped to the newly created Players' League, and won 19 games and lost 18 for the Philadelphia Athletics who later joined the American Association for the season. He finished his career with the Louisville Colonels of the National League, playing his final game on October 14, 1892. He had a record of 12–19, but on August 22, 1892, he pitched a no-hitter against the Baltimore Orioles, a 6–2 victory, the first no-hitter in the National League in which the losing team scored at least one run.
Post-career.
Sanders died in Memphis, Tennessee, at the age of 65, and is interred at Sudley United Methodist Church Cemetery in his hometown of Catharpin, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="6921536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921536" title="Canal Moraleda">
Canal Moraleda



</doc>
<doc id="6921537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921537" title="Belleisle, New Brunswick">
Belleisle, New Brunswick

Belleisle is an informal geographic region in the Canadian province of New Brunswick in the lower Saint John River valley.
Situated around Belleisle Bay, the area is predominantly agricultural and functions as a summer community for many cottage-goers from nearby Saint John. The region is divided between Kings County and Queens County.
Communities in the region.
Incorporated
Unincorporated
Schools.
Belleisle Elementary School is where children go to attend Kindergarten to grade 5.
Students attend Belleisle Regional High School for grade 6-12. The schools are located on opposite sides of the road (Route 124) in Springfield. The schools belong to School District 6.
Summer camp.
Camp Pascobac is a resident camp for boys located on Belleisle Bay, founded in 1928. It provides instruction in boating and canoeing, craft development, fishing and other community activities. The camp is run by the local YMCA and runs for approximately four weeks in the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="6921542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921542" title="Moraleda">
Moraleda

Moraleda is a Spanish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6921546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921546" title="Belleisle, new brunswick">
Belleisle, new brunswick



</doc>
<doc id="6921548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921548" title="Drunken Butterfly">
Drunken Butterfly

"Drunken Butterfly" is a song by American rock band Sonic Youth from their seventh studio album, "Dirty" (1992). It was released as the fourth and final single from the album in August, 1993, by Geffen Records. The song was written and produced by Sonic Youth, with additional production provided by Butch Vig.
Music video.
The video for "Drunken Butterfly" was directed by Stephen Hellweg, the winner of an MTV "120 Minutes" contest in which fans were asked to send in videos for any song on "Dirty". It featured puppets and dolls made up to look like Sonic Youth performing the song onstage. This video was featured in "The Brothers Grunt" episode "If I Could Grunt to the Animals."

</doc>
<doc id="6921558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921558" title="Yakov Pliner">
Yakov Pliner

Jakovs Pliners (; born 27 December 1946 in Rēzekne) is a Latvian politician and teacher of Jewish origin. He was a MP of the Saeima of the 7th, 8th and 9th convocations for the For Human Rights in United Latvia (PCTVL) alliance. He was a member of Social Democratic party group in the Baltic Assembly.
Since 2024, he is a member of the Riga City Council from the populist For Stability! party, after he left the Latvian Russian Union in 2022.
Biography.
1965–1970 — studied at the Teachers' Institute of Daugavpils, profession – secondary school teacher of biology and chemistry.
1970–1975 — teacher, assistant director, director of the Virbi Secondary School (Talsi district).
1975–1983 — worked in the Department of Education of Talsi Executive Committee.
1983–1993 — worked in the Ministry of Education of Latvia.
1993–1998 — founder and director of the "Eureka" ("Эврика") private college of general education.
1997 — Pliner received his "Dr. paed." degree from the University of Latvia, and was elected to the Riga City Council from National Harmony Party (TSP).
1998 — elected to the 7th Saeima (Parliament).
2002 — elected to the 8th Saeima.
2003 — Pliner left the TSP (which had withdrawn from the For Human Rights in a United Latvia (PCTVL) that year) and returned to the alliance. He became the leader of the newly founded party "Free Choice in People's Europe" (BITE), co-chairman of PCTVL (until 2015) and chairman of its parliamentary group. Pliners was one of the leaders of Headquarters for the Protection of Russian Schools movement, writing several publications on the language of instruction issues.
2006 — before the parliamentary elections, PCTVL named Pliners its candidate for Prime Minister. Elected to the 9th Saeima, remained chairman of the PCTVL parliamentary group and party chairman (until 2010).
2020 - After elected to the Riga City Council from the Latvian Russian Union (the successor of PCTVL).

</doc>
<doc id="6921560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921560" title="Macroalgae">
Macroalgae



</doc>
<doc id="6921563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921563" title="Colares">
Colares

Colares may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6921567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921567" title="Hardware">
Hardware

Hardware may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6921569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921569" title="Chisquilla District">
Chisquilla District

Chisquilla is one of 12 districts of the Bongará Province in the Amazonas region in Peru. Chisquilla, competitive, productive district, and, articulated to the national markets, with an agricultural sustainable diversity, promoter of an integral development, model of local management participativa and democratic; propitiating feeling of solidarity and cultural identification.
Administrative division.
The populated places in the district are:
Population.
The population of Chisquilla is 352 people, 167 men and 185 women.

</doc>
<doc id="6921570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921570" title="Frank Daniel">
Frank Daniel

František "Frank" Daniel (April 14, 1926 – February 29, 1996) was a Czech-American screenwriter, film director and teacher. He is known for developing the sequence paradigm of screenwriting, in which a classically constructed movie can be broken down into three acts, and a total of eight specific sequences. He served as co-chair of the Columbia University film program, and as a dean of FAMU, the American Film Institute and the USC School of Cinema-Television. He was also an Artistic Director of the Sundance Institute.
Life.
Czechoslovakia.
František Daniel was born in Kolín, Czechoslovakia. He earned a master's degree in music before studying film at VGIK in Moscow. Daniel was a member of a production unit Feix-Daniel at state-owned Barrandov Studios. In addition to that he wrote screenplays and taught screenwriting at FAMU in Prague. Among his students were Miloš Forman, Věra Chytilová or Pavel Juráček. In 1959 he had to leave Barrandov after the movies he worked on were criticised for having "liberal tendencies" by František Kahuda.
In 1956, Daniel and Miloš Kratochvíl published the screenwriting textbook "Cesta za filmovým dramatem". In 1965, he produced "The Shop on Main Street", which won an Oscar for the best foreign language film. In 1968 he served as dean of the Faculty of Film and Television – FAMU, part of the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague.
United States.
Daniel first toured the United States at the behest of W. McNeil Lowry of the Ford Foundation, who commissioned him to do a survey of film education in the United States and make recommendations for its future development. Daniel subsequently immigrated to the United States in 1969 after the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia. In 1969 he became the first dean of the American Film Institute, where he taught David Lynch and Terrence Malick.
Daniel left the Institute in 1976 to become Henry Luce Professor at Carleton College in Minnesota. In 1978, he moved to Columbia University, where he was reunited with Miloš Forman, his former student, with whom he co-chaired the Columbia University School of the Arts Film program. When Robert Redford founded Sundance Institute in 1981, Daniel was recruited by Sundance Executive Director Sterling Van Wagenen to be the Institute's first Artistic Director, a guiding post he held for over a decade. He taught at Columbia University until 1986. After Columbia he became the dean of USC School of Cinema-Television, a post he stepped down from in 1990, continuing to teach screenwriting in the Graduate Screenwriting Division. He continued to develop scripts.
He was an advisor to the Rockefeller Foundation, consultant to David Rockefeller, member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences and the Academy of Television Arts &amp; Sciences. He was married twice and had two sons. Michal, a photographer, and Martin, a film professor.
Daniel lived in Palm Springs, California until his death on February 29, 1996. He was 69 when he died of a heart attack. He is buried at the Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Cathedral City, California.

</doc>
<doc id="6921574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921574" title="Chisquilla">
Chisquilla



</doc>
<doc id="6921579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921579" title="Imaza">
Imaza



</doc>
<doc id="6921580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921580" title="Francois Devienne">
Francois Devienne



</doc>
<doc id="6921589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921589" title="Gamma jack">
Gamma jack



</doc>
<doc id="6921594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921594" title="ForHRUL">
ForHRUL



</doc>
<doc id="6921595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921595" title="Creativity Magazine">
Creativity Magazine



</doc>
<doc id="6921601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921601" title="Lincoln Hall (Middle School)">
Lincoln Hall (Middle School)



</doc>
<doc id="6921608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921608" title="TC (aka Tommy Boy)">
TC (aka Tommy Boy)



</doc>
<doc id="6921611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921611" title="Lower Sava Valley">
Lower Sava Valley

The Lower Sava Valley (, also "Spodnje Posavje" and "Posavska regija") is a region in southeastern Slovenia on the border with Croatia. It has three major urban centres: Brežice, Krško, and Sevnica. Its borders are almost identical with those of the Lower Sava Statistical Region.
It extends along the lower part of the Sava River, from the town of Krško downstream to the international border. With an area of 885 km2 (4.4% of Slovenia) and a 2003 population of 70,262 (79 inhabitants per km2 in 409 settlements), it is Slovenia's second-smallest region and one of its least densely populated ones. The neighbouring regions are the Savinja region to the north, the Central Sava Valley () to the west, and Lower Carniola to the south. The constituent municipalities are Krško, Brežice, Sevnica, Kostanjevica na Krki, Radeče, and Bistrica ob Sotli.
The Lower Sava Valley is a popular tourist destination, prized for its rich cultural heritage, thermal spas, high-quality wines, and well-developed network of walking and riding trails, golf courses, and health resorts.
Physiography and geology.
Slovenia's Lower Sava Valley falls within the easternmost part of the Krško–Samobor Plain, the western segment of the broader Sava Plain physico-geographical unit. The Sava Plain is divided by two major tectonic constrictions—the Podsused Gate near Zagreb and the Brod Gate near Slavonski Brod—into three sub-regions: the Krško–Samobor Plain, the Upper Sava Plain, and the Lower Sava Plain. The Krško–Samobor Plain extends from Krško downstream to the Podsused Gate and is underlain exclusively by Holocene alluvial (fluvial) sediments deposited by a gently meandering river. Its flat relief results from repeated sedimentation and is bounded by fault-controlled uplands to the north and south.
Relief in this part of the valley reflects a Holocene evolution dominated by neotectonic movements, fluvial processes (sedimentation and channel migration), local slope processes, and minor aeolian activity. The plain's surface roughness coefficients, as mapped via QGIS "Roughness" analysis, fall below 5 m/m, confirming a very low-relief floodplain environment.
Palaeogeography.
During the middle Miocene (about 11.6–4.5 Ma), this segment of the Sava Valley lay beneath Lake Paludina, a remnant of the Pannonian Sea, before shifting to a fluvio-deltaic environment in the late Miocene to Pliocene. By the Pleistocene (about 2.6–0.1 Ma), the modern Sava River system had fully incised its course, draining headwaters from the Julian Alps and Karawanks and carrying sediments derived from central Bosnian ultramafic sources. These palaeogeographic phases are recorded in alternations of Pleistocene alluvial, Pleistocene eolian, and Holocene fluvial deposits across the plain.

</doc>
<doc id="6921613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921613" title="Hey You (Exies)">
Hey You (Exies)



</doc>
<doc id="6921620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921620" title="Billy Smiley">
Billy Smiley

 
Billy Smiley (born October 19, 1957 in Farmington, Michigan, United States) is a music producer, songwriter, and musician. He is best known for being one of the core members of the Christian rock band White Heart. He was the band's guitarist and vocalist and one of the main songwriters from its conception in 1982 through its disbandment in 1998.
After selling over 2 million albums with White Heart, Smiley turned to music production and artist development. He is credited with producing or developing such Christian acts as Geoff Moore and the Distance, Margaret Becker, Rhonda Gunn, Newsboys, and Bebe &amp; Cece Winans. His most recent, and notable, writing and production accomplishment was earning a platinum certified album for former American Idol finalist Clay Aiken's version of Smiley's song "Merry Christmas with Love". He has teamed with classically trained baritone David Britton on two released albums and one upcoming release.
In 2021, Smiley collaborated with Nashville-based soul and acoustic artist, the late Larysa Jaye
, producing songs including "Birmingham (Side by Side)" and "No Other Face". "Birmingham (Side by Side)", released through Southern Skye Records, pays homage to the civil rights movement.
Smiley has degrees in music theory and composition from Bethel College (now Bethel University) and Azusa Pacific University.
A solo album by Smiley, "New Night" (1986), centers on his trumpet playing.

</doc>
<doc id="6921624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921624" title="Cable Tester">
Cable Tester



</doc>
<doc id="6921630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921630" title="El Parco District">
El Parco District

El Parco is a district of Bagua Province, Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6921631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921631" title="Ottone in Villa">
Ottone in Villa



</doc>
<doc id="6921635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921635" title="Ottone In Villa">
Ottone In Villa



</doc>
<doc id="6921638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921638" title="El Parco">
El Parco



</doc>
<doc id="6921644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921644" title="Pinkham Notch">
Pinkham Notch

Pinkham Notch (elevation 2032 ft. / 619 m) is a mountain pass in the White Mountains of north-central New Hampshire, United States. The notch is a result of extensive erosion by the Laurentide Ice Sheet during the Wisconsinian ice age. Pinkham Notch was eroded into a glacial U-shaped valley whose walls are formed by the Presidential, Wildcat, and Carter-Moriah ranges. Due to the volatility of the area's climate and rugged character of the terrain, a number of rare or endemic ecosystems have developed throughout the notch.
The presence of the notch was recorded in 1784 by Jeremy Belknap, but its isolation prevented further development for several years. The construction of New Hampshire Route 16 has led to increased accessibility and a rise in tourism. Its location makes it a hub for hiking and skiing.
Geography.
The notch separates the Presidential Range, which forms the western wall, from the Wildcat Range, which forms the eastern wall. Two rivers drain the notch; the Ellis River drains the south end and is a tributary of the Saco, and the Peabody River drains the north end and is a tributary of the Androscoggin.
The bulk of the western slope of the notch is formed by Mount Washington, the highest peak in the northeast United States, reaching above sea level. Mount Washington rises more than above the floor of the notch. A number of glacial cirques are found on this side of the notch. The Great Gulf and its tributary cirques form the largest cirque in the White Mountains. South of the Great Gulf is Huntington Ravine, with a rocky, precipitous headwall renowned for its rock and ice climbing. The slope then dips into the Ravine of Raymond Cataract, a non-glacial "V-shaped" valley with a notable waterfall. After this comes Tuckerman Ravine, with a uniform, smoother headwall that is known for its high-quality skiing. After passing the Gulf of Slides, a smaller and lesser-known cirque, the notch opens up and continues until Jackson.
The eastern slope of the notch consists of the Wildcat and Carter-Moriah Ranges, slightly lower than the Presidential Range to the west. The Wildcat Range consists of five peaks, named A, B, C, D, and E from northeast to southwest in order of height. Wildcat A is the highest, at . From the main ridge, the slopes drop very steeply, but not precipitously, to the floor of the notch. The Wildcat Mountain Ski Area occupies the western slopes of Wildcat up to the col between D and E peaks. As the notch rounds E peak, the slope becomes extremely steep, and Wildcat Ridge begins to drop to the end of the notch.
The Carter-Moriah Range lies to the north of Wildcat Ridge, forming the eastern side of Pinkham Notch all the way to the Androscoggin River. From south to north, the peaks overlooking the notch are Carter Dome (4,832 ft / 1,473 m), Mount Hight (4,675 ft / 1,425 m), South Carter Mountain (4,420 ft / 1,347 m), Middle Carter Mountain (4,600 ft / 1,402 m), North Carter Mountain (4,530 ft / 1,381 m), Imp Mountain (3,720 ft / 1,134 m), and Mount Moriah (4,049 ft / 1,234 m).
Climate.
The weather in the area varies by altitude and the orientation of the land. A weather station has operated at around 2,000 feet since 1930.
Climate.
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Pinkham Notch has a humid continental climate, abbreviated "Dfb" on climate maps. The hottest temperature recorded in Pinkham Notch was on July 20, 1982, while the coldest temperature recorded was on February 16, 1943.
Environment.
The climate, and as a result, the flora and fauna, of Pinkham Notch varies greatly with elevation. As elevations increase on the walls of the notch, climate and ecosystems change to those of increasingly northern occurrence. Biomes range from a low-elevation northern hardwood forest at the base of Mount Washington to alpine-Arctic vegetation near the summit comparable to vegetation found at the latitude of Labrador.
Below 2500 ft. — Northern hardwood forest.
The lowest elevations of Pinkham Notch are occupied by a northern hardwood forest. This forest type is primarily deciduous and consists mostly of sugar maple, American beech, and yellow birch. There is also a proliferation of understory and forest floor plants; common examples include wild sarsaparilla, painted trillium, hobblebush, and Indian cucumber-root.
The northern hardwood forest also contains the greatest diversity of animal life in the notch. Mammals include chipmunks, raccoons, white-tailed deer, black bears, and moose. There are also a large number of birds in this forest; frequently seen are red-eyed vireos, hermit thrushes, and ovenbirds. Amphibians are also found in the northern hardwood forest. Red efts, the terrestrial stage of development for the red-spotted newt, congregate in large numbers after heavy rains; also present are American toads, spring peepers, and wood frogs.
At around , species from higher forest zones begin to mix with the northern hardwoods in what is known as the "transition zone". As elevation within this zone increases, species from the lower hardwood forest begin to drop out. By , yellow birch is the only deciduous species that remains, and the forest becomes a spruce-fir forest.
2500 ft. to 4000 ft. — Spruce/fir forest.
As elevation increases, the forest is subjected to colder temperatures, increased moisture, and acidic, infertile soils. As a result, conifers, or "softwoods" become the dominant species. Two trees, red spruce and balsam fir, are present throughout this zone, with paper birch, striped maple and mountain ash present in its lower levels. Like the hardwood forest below it, the spruce-fir forest also holds understory plants; commonly found are wood sorrel, Indian pipes, Canada mayflowers, and bluebead lilies. Fungi are also common in the moist environment.
Most of the animals in the spruce-fir forest have ranges that extend into the balsam fir forest higher up. Warblers are abundant; more than ten species exist in this forest type. Other common birds include brown-capped chickadees, spruce grouse, and yellow-capped woodpeckers. Mammals include the red squirrel and the pine marten.
4000 ft. to timberline — Balsam fir forest.
As elevation continues to increase, only the hardiest trees remain in the forest, which is composed almost exclusively of balsam fir. Most of the understory plants and animals from the upper spruce-fir zone, however, can be found in this forest. Moisture causes nutrients to be stripped from the soil and brought to lower elevations, and decomposition takes place at a rate that is too slow to replenish them.
In the upper reaches of the balsam fir zone, winds and temperatures are extreme enough to force the trees into stunted, "bonsai-like" shapes. Known as krummholz, from the German word for "crooked wood", trees in this area are often bent into bizarre shapes by the combined effects of wind, temperature, and airborne ice particles. Branches that are perpendicular to the prevailing winds are often killed, leaving "flag trees" that point in the direction of the wind. Eventually, conditions become extreme enough to prevent any tree growth; the elevation at which this occurs is known as tree line, and usually occurs at around 4,500 ft (1,400 m) in the White Mountains, depending on wind exposure.
Above timberline — The alpine zone.
On the highest slopes of the west wall of the notch, trees are unable to grow, and an "alpine zone" of alpine-Arctic vegetation exists. Vegetation in this zone tends to be lichens, sedges or small, low-lying plants that can resist the constant exposure to the wind. Most plants in this area are perennial; the growing season is far too short to allow for annuals.
Alpine plants usually occur in communities spaced between barren talus slopes. Cushion-shaped "Diapensia lapponica" usually grows in communities in the windiest areas, and in less exposed sites sedge, heath, snowbank, and alpine bog communities can be found.
History.
Pinkham Notch was originally a riverine, "V-shaped" valley until the Laurentide Ice Sheet shaped it into its current form, a "U-shaped" valley. This shaping occurred during the Wisconsinian Ice Age, 25–50,000 years ago. The geology of the region became greatly altered by this event; much of the weaker rock was stripped from the region, leaving only highly-resistant mica schist. As the glaciers retreated, a layer of glacial till was deposited, including several glacial erratics. A notable glacial erratic in the area is Mount Washington's Glen Boulder.
The notch first appears in recorded history in 1784, when an expedition led by Jeremy Belknap camped in the notch before ascending to the summit of Mount Washington through Huntington Ravine. Pinkham Notch was far more isolated than neighboring Crawford Notch; as a result, the first settler of Pinkham Notch came in 1827, 43 years after habitation of Crawford Notch. The first settler, Hayes Copp, built a homestead in the then-uninhabited area, near where the Dolly Copp campground stands today. Copp and his wife lived alone in the wilderness until Daniel Pinkham completed the first road through the notch between in 1836, finally providing a link between the Copp homestead and civilization. In 1851, a railroad was built to Gorham, and a hotel, the Glen House, was constructed to accommodate passengers. Mount Washington was the main attraction in the area; a bridle path was constructed from the Glen House to hotels on the summit, which was later improved into what would become the Mount Washington Auto Road. Completion of the road in 1861 led to a massive increase in tourism.
Meanwhile, logging began in the Pinkham area. After almost total deforestation of the White Mountain region, the White Mountain National Forest was created in 1911, and the Mount Washington area was added to the national forest in 1914. With the preservation of the area, emphasis shifted from logging to recreation. The Appalachian Mountain Club converted a logging camp near the height-of-land into what is now the Pinkham Notch Visitor Center in 1921. The Appalachian Trail was built through the visitor center, making it an important trailhead for ascents of Mount Washington. Meanwhile, ski trails began to be constructed by the Civilian Conservation Corps on Wildcat Mountain, and the ski resort was opened in 1958.
Recreation.
Pinkham Notch is easily accessible by New Hampshire Route 16. Numerous opportunities for recreation exist in the area.
Hiking.
Mount Washington is a common objective, and is often climbed from Pinkham Notch. There are numerous trail approaches from the Appalachian Mountain Club's visitor's center. Although trail distances seem short, the trip to the summit should not be underestimated; most trail approaches involve at least 4,000 vertical feet (1,200 m) of climbing, including an ascent of the rocky summit cone and the boulder-strewn upper slopes. Weather changes very quickly, one must be prepared for extreme conditions, and fatalities are not unknown. The Tuckerman Ravine Trail is the most popular trail in the notch, ascending to the summit via the headwall of Tuckerman Ravine. The Huntington Ravine Trail is widely considered the most difficult trail in New Hampshire, making its way up the precipitous headwall of neighboring Huntington Ravine, where there are several rock climbing opportunities.
On the other side of the notch, the Wildcat Range is a popular objective. The five summits can be reached via the Wildcat Ridge Trail; the first two miles are extremely difficult, and require skill on short, yet exposed, rock scrambles. This part of the trail is frequently bypassed by following the ski area's Polecat Trail to the summit of D Peak.
The Appalachian Trail, which extends over from Georgia to Maine, runs along the Presidential Range before crossing the notch and ascending to the summits of the Wildcat Range.
There are also less challenging hikes that are equally scenic, yet better suited for families with young children. Popular objectives include Glen Ellis Falls, a waterfall on the Ellis River, and Square Ledge, with an impressive view of Mount Washington for modest effort.
Skiing.
The area also has many opportunities for both alpine and Nordic skiing. The bowl of Tuckerman Ravine is famous for its extremely steep backcountry skiing. Long lines are common during the peak spring-skiing season of April and May. Wildcat Mountain offers groomed ski trails and lifts, and is a better choice for less-experienced skiers. The centerpiece of the ski-area is the gondola, which runs during the summer, and offers views of the Presidentials with no expended effort.
For Nordic skiing, Great Glen Trails offers a large, groomed trail system that also includes the lower half of the Auto Road. Several warming huts are scattered around the trail system, including scenic Great Angel Cabin, with views of the Great Gulf and surrounding peaks. Great Glen also permits biking on the trails during the summer, and is the only mountain bike facility in the notch. Another cross-country trail system exists in the town of Jackson, extending as far as the summit of Wildcat Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="6921647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921647" title="La Peca District">
La Peca District

La Peca District is a district in the Bagua Province, Amazonas Region, Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6921651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921651" title="La Peca">
La Peca

La Peca is a place in La Peca District in the Bagua Province, Amazonas Region, Peru. The town's population is approximately 22,400.

</doc>
<doc id="6921657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921657" title="Gulf of Corcovado">
Gulf of Corcovado

Gulf of Corcovado () is a large body of water separating the Chiloé Island from the mainland of Chile. Geologically, it is a forearc basin that has been carved out by Quaternary glaciers. Most of the islands of Chiloé Archipelago are located in the gulf. The area is next to the Chiloé National Park.
In colonial times the Gulf of Corcovado was a major obstacle that prevented major contact between the Spanish settlers in Chiloé Archipelago and the southern Chonos living in the archipelagoes of Guaitecas and Chonos. In the early 17th-century, Jesuits rounded the gulf instead of crossing it when traveling south by dalcas from their base in Castro.

</doc>
<doc id="6921660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921660" title="Mohammad habib shakir">
Mohammad habib shakir



</doc>
<doc id="6921662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921662" title="Golfo de Corcovado">
Golfo de Corcovado



</doc>
<doc id="6921664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921664" title="Churuja District">
Churuja District

Churuja District is one of twelve districts of the province Bongará in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6921665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921665" title="Golfo Corcovado">
Golfo Corcovado



</doc>
<doc id="6921666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921666" title="Paul Busby">
Paul Busby

Paul Miller Busby (August 25, 1918 – December 5, 2003), nicknamed "Red", was an American Major League Baseball outfielder who played for the Philadelphia Phillies (1941 and 1943). He was born in Waynesboro, Mississippi.
Busby made his major league debut on September 14, 1941, in a road game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Forbes Field. His last appearance (July 1, 1943) was in a home doubleheader against the Pirates at Shibe Park.
Busby appeared in the outfield 13 times in his 36 games. While in the field he recorded 28 putouts without making an error. He went 15-for-56 at the plate (.268) with 7 RBI and 16 runs scored.

</doc>
<doc id="6921667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921667" title="Napa River flood of 1986">
Napa River flood of 1986

The Napa River flood of 1986 is considered by many to be the worst flood experienced by Napa, California, United States, during the 20th century. Twenty inches of rain fell in a 48-hour period; 7,000 people were evacuated, 250 homes were destroyed and another 2,500 were damaged. Three people died, and estimated damages reached $100 million.
Following the flood, residents expressed a renewed urgency to mitigate flooding caused by winter storms, which created obstacles that slowed the flow of the river on its course to San Francisco Bay. Since the flood, the Napa County Flood Control and Water Conservation District has worked to manage floods through the Napa River Flood Project. Another flood of lesser proportions occurred on December 31, 2005, after over a week of rain. Smaller floods also occurred in 1995 and 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="6921669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921669" title="MTV Hits (Ireland and UK)">
MTV Hits (Ireland and UK)



</doc>
<doc id="6921670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921670" title="Churuja">
Churuja



</doc>
<doc id="6921674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921674" title="Colares (Portugal)">
Colares (Portugal)



</doc>
<doc id="6921679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921679" title="Susan Cole (Neighbours)">
Susan Cole (Neighbours)



</doc>
<doc id="6921680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921680" title="Birmingham (UK Parliament constituency)">
Birmingham (UK Parliament constituency)

Birmingham was a parliamentary constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for the city of Birmingham, in what is now the West Midlands Metropolitan County, but at the time was Warwickshire.
Boundaries and history.
Until 1832, excepting for the single year 1275, Birmingham was only represented in Parliament as part of the county constituency of Warwickshire.
It became a parliamentary borough in its own right following the passage of the Reform Act 1832 and remained a single constituency electing two members of Parliament until it was divided in 1885.
The Reform Act 1832 introduced a uniform borough franchise on top of ancient franchise rights in existing parliamentary boroughs: (see the Unreformed House of Commons for a list of the different franchises in each borough). As new boroughs, like Birmingham, had no ancient franchise holders only the new franchise rules applied to them.
Seymour explains that:-
Only one class of new rights was created by the act of 1832. This was the £10 occupation qualification. According to the act, the franchise was granted to all male persons who for a year before registration had occupied as owner or tenants "any house, warehouse, country house, shop or other building, either separately or jointly with any land" of a clear yearly value of £10. The land must be within the electoral limits of the borough; and in order to qualify, the occupier must have been rated in respect of such premises, to all rates for the relief of the poor; and he must have paid at the time of registration all rates and taxes due from him the preceding April. 
This occupation franchise was the characteristic of the borough franchise after 1832. As ownership furnished the ordinary qualification for franchise in the counties, so in the boroughs, occupation, actual or constructive, was the basis of the suffrage. While however, in the counties no provision was made for ascertaining the true value or bona fide rent which was to qualify for the franchise; in the boroughs, assessment to the taxes was embodied with the condition of value, and actual payment was super-added. There was another difference between the character of the county and borough franchises, as determined by the Reform Act. In the latter no claimant could be registered as a voter if he had received parochial relief within the past twelve months; in the counties, no disqualification was attached to the receipt of poor-relief. ...
From 1832 to 1868 the constituency returned two members, but the Representation of the People Act 1867 conferred a third seat from the 1868 United Kingdom general election. However the 1867 act also introduced the limited vote restricting electors in three member constituencies to casting a maximum of two votes.
A way in which the limited vote system may fail to achieve its end of minority representation, is if the largest party is very well organised and is able to arrange the distribution of its supporters vote for maximum advantage. Charles Seymour explained the reaction of the Liberals of Birmingham after the limited vote was enacted.
The Liberals of Birmingham realized that if they were to retain the third seat, their vote must be divided economically between the three candidates.
To prevent waste of votes, an organization must be built up which could control absolutely the choice of the elector; and each elector must vote invariably as he was told. The success of the Birmingham organization, which soon became known as the Caucus was unbroken and no Conservative candidate was returned. It was copied in many other constituencies and inaugurated a new era in the development of party electoral machinery, the effect of which upon the representative system has been profound.
The area was split into seven single-member constituencies in 1885; Birmingham Bordesley, Birmingham Central, Birmingham East, Birmingham Edgbaston, Birmingham North, Birmingham South and Birmingham West.
Elections.
Note: When the exact number of electors voting is unknown, turnout is estimated on the basis of dividing votes cast by two. To the extent that electors did not use both their possible votes, turnout will be underestimated.
Elections in the 1840s.
 
Elections in the 1880s.
 94635

</doc>
